 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, everyone in this Chamber knows how bad the  opioid crisis is. In Ohio, based on the averages, 11 people died  yesterday, 11  [[Page S6436]]  people will die today, and 11 people will die tomorrow from a drug  overdose. We have a long way to go to fight this, but right now, we are  taking an important step to get resources to communities, doing  innovative work, and tearing down the redtape regulations that prevent  people from getting treatment.   This week we will pass a comprehensive package of legislation to  fight addiction. Several of these bills are important to Ohio.   I worked with my Republican colleague from West Virginia, Senator  Capito, on a bipartisan CRIB Act to support treatment centers for  babies with neonatal abstinence syndrome, like Brigid's Path in Dayton,  Lily's Place in Huntington that serves people across the river in  Lawrence County, OH, and elsewhere.   Brigid's Path in Ohio is one of just two residential treatment  centers like this in the country. Again, Huntington, WV, on the Ohio  River, across the river from Ohio, and Brigid's Path in Dayton are the  only two of these in the country.   I am meeting in my office tomorrow with folks from Brigid's Path to  talk with them about the important work they are doing in our State.   NAS is caused by the use of opioids or other addictive substances  during pregnancy. It has become a growing challenge for families and  healthcare providers in States like Ohio.   Recent studies show that cases of NAS have tripled over the past  decade. Right now, babies are usually treated in the neonatal intensive  care unit, known as NICUs--the neonatal intensive care unit--where  treatment costs are five times the cost of treating other newborns, but  given the relative bright lights and the relative loud noises in  neonatal units, the NICU is not always the best place for newborns  struggling with withdrawal. They are even more sensitive to noise and  light than other premature babies that might be in a NICU.   Residential pediatric recovery facilities like Brigid's Path can give  these infants specialized care as well as bringing the mothers and the  families in for counseling in a setting outside the chaos of a  hospital. So while they are treating the newborn baby, they also have  opportunities with some wraparound services to treat the addicted  mothers so mother and child and others in the family can have a normal,  healthy life.   These unique venues are relatively new. The CRIB Act will allow them  to bill Medicaid for the services they offer. The CRIB Act, Brigid's  Path in Dayton, OH, and the Huntington program are not eligible for  Medicaid because they are neither a doctor nor a hospital. So this bill  will make them eligible for Medicaid and will save millions of dollars.  As more of these facilities like Brigid's Path and Lily's Place are  formed around the country, we will be saving millions and millions of  Medicaid dollars. Instead of going to the more expensive, less- effective neonatal intensive care unit, they are going to Brigid's Path  and other places like that.   As I said, the CRIB Act will allow them to bill Medicaid for their  services, expanding options for care for the thousands of babies who  need specialized treatment. Unfortunately, thousands of babies are born  to addicted mothers.   This package will also do some other things that matter. It will lift  the cap on the number of beds at Medicaid-funded treatment facilities  for 5 years, something Senator Portman and I have worked on for a long  time. My colleague from Ohio, in the opposite party from me, has been  working on opioid issues for some time, and this is one of the issues  on which we worked together.   The bill includes Senator Portman's STOP Act that I supported and  that will work with my INTERDICT Act that Senator Portman and others  supported, that was signed into law by the White House several months  ago, that will help keep illegal fentanyl, a synthetic substance much  more toxic and powerful than heroin, and something called carfentanil  off the streets.   We know we have more work to do to fight this crisis. We need more  resources in our communities in Ohio. This package is a bipartisan step  forward. I hope we can get this to the President's desk and signed into  law soon.   One sort of editorial comment also. I was a fairly young kid when I  first started hearing about this, and we all know about this. In the  mid-1960s--a huge number of Americans smoked tobacco--the U.S. Surgeon  General first brought to the public's attention that smoking caused  people's life expectancy, lifespans, to be considerably shorter because  of all the illnesses coming from smoking. In one of the great success  stories in public health in the last half century, the Federal  Government worked together with local health officials, physicians,  nurses, hospitals, cancer societies, the American Heart Association,  and others--starting with warnings on cigarette packs and all the  things we do now--and the rate of smoking in this country considerably  dropped from what it was in the mid-1960s.   Our country, led by the Federal Government in many cases--and people  can say what they want about the government, but the Federal Government  led the way on tobacco, on that public health initiative against  tobacco. We can help lead the way, and we can work with local  communities in addressing this terrible public health affliction of  opioid addiction. It will matter to the next many generations if we do  this right.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   