 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, this is a very simple  amendment to establish a national standard of care for hiring freight  shippers. This is purely and simply about highway safety, and  everything carried on planes, of course, goes to and from on our  highways.   Currently, there is no law that requires freight brokers or others to  have any sort of standard when hiring a carrier for a shipment. Under  this amendment, a broker or other entity would be deemed to have acted  in a reasonable and prudent manner if they made sure the carrier met  these three requirements:   One, authorization to operate by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety  Administration;   Two, the minimum insurance coverage required by Federal law; and   Three, that the carrier had no current Federal unsatisfactory safety  fitness determination.   This amendment does not prohibit or limit in any way any type of  lawsuit, and, in fact, a lawyer could show that a broker or a company  had acted in an  [[Page H3721]]  unreasonable manner if they did not comply with this hiring standard.  This amendment would actually help trial lawyers by giving them  stronger grounds to sue brokers who did not comply with this standard  and tried to get cheaper rates by using unsafe or uninsured carriers.   This amendment would also make it less likely that a person or a  company that hired a safe, legal motor carrier would be held liable for  an accident that happened through no fault of their own.   This amendment also will help make it far less likely that  unregistered, uninsured, unsafe freight carriers get any business in  this country in the future.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Shuster), the chairman  of the committee.    Mr. Chair, I will simply say this: neither  of the cases cited by the opposition would be stopped under this  amendment. In fact, this amendment would make it more likely that  freight brokers would be required to hire safe, insured carriers for  their shipments, so it would make the highways safer.   Mr. Chair, I urge support for my amendment. It is an amendment about  fairness and justice, because all lawyers--I was a plaintiff's lawyer  before I came to Congress, and I have supported  [[Page H3722]]  the trial lawyers in every way possible in my 30 years here, but I can  tell you, no lawyers want people sued who have done nothing whatsoever  wrong in a case.   Mr. Chair, I urge passage of this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   