 Mr. President, today, along with several other colleagues  from the Senate, I wrote to the President on the subject of the  possible extension of the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty, or New  START.   Several people have been encouraging the President to begin studying  whether we should extend New START, which expires in 2021. That is a  couple years from now, but obviously, if one is going to consider  renewing something of this import, it is good to be thinking about it  early. In this regard, we offered to the President suggestions of  things that he should take into consideration in determining whether to  extend New START with Russia and whether to begin negotiations with the  Russians. We suggested three things that he should consider in deciding  whether to proceed with these discussions. I am going to discuss one of  them in great detail, but the first two are also important because they  represented factors that were considered by the Senate at the time that  it ratified the first START agreement.   The Senate declared in the New START resolution of ratification that  ``the United States is committed to proceeding with a robust stockpile  stewardship program and to maintaining and modernizing the nuclear  weapons production capabilities and capacities that will ensure the  safety, reliability, and performance of the United States' nuclear  arsenal at the New START treaty levels.'' That was our commitment. That  is what we said in the resolution of ratification, and President Obama  had written a letter to the Senate confirming that it was his  intention, as long as he was President, to follow this program of work.   Regrettably, what we posited as an underpinning requirement for  participation in New START has not been maintained as the years have  gone by. The infrastructure and weapons capabilities that were pledged  at the time that the Senate gave its consent to the treaty have been  significantly delayed  [[Page S7120]]  or reduced in scope, and the result of this is a risk that the symmetry  that potentially existed between Russia and the United States as a  result of the New START treaty will be changed and that the United  States will be disadvantaged with the continuation of the New START  limits.   Another consideration that we brought to the President's attention  was also referred to in the resolution of ratification of the New START  treaty--and this was in 2012, by the way--we said that the President  should ``pursue an agreement with the Russian Federation that would  address the disparity between the tactical nuclear weapon stockpiles of  the Russian Federation and of the United States in a verifiable  manner.'' We did that because even at the time that New START was  ratified, the Russians had a 10-to-1 advantage in tactical nuclear  weapons over the United States, and the New START treaty didn't do  anything about that. It dealt only with strategic weapons.   We raised the issue with the Russians. We tried to negotiate it as  part of the New START treaty, but Russia was not interested. We went  ahead anyway, but what we said was that we really ought to try to  address this asymmetry between what the Russians have and what we have  in terms of tactical nuclear weapons.   By the way, that hasn't been done, either, so we thought it was  important for the President to bear that in mind as he considered what  to do about talking to the Russians about extending the New START  treaty.   The reason it is important is that the Russians, with this enormous  advantage in tactical nuclear weapons, have actually changed their  doctrine of war to potentially use those weapons--to use nuclear  weapons in a military conflict with the United States or our NATO  allies. They believe that this might be beneficial to them under what  has been called a doctrine of ``escalate to de-escalate.''   What that means is, they start some kind of a conflict with little  green men or other kinds of hybrid warfare where they can blame it on  somebody else. Maybe there are some cyber attacks that are simultaneous  and confuse the issue. In the context of all of this confusion, it is  very difficult to put the blame anywhere, but the Russians are finally  identified, and an actual military conflict breaks out.   Well, in order to dissuade NATO or the United States from stopping  the Russian aggression, if that is what is going on here, the Russian  doctrine says: We reserve the right here to use tactical nuclear  weapons on the battlefield there, which would enable us to win the  battle, obviously, and send a signal to the United States that ``You  had better just let us be. Stop there.'' Maybe they will say: We don't  intend to go any further, and so don't escalate this conflict because  you can already see that we are willing to use nuclear weapons, and if  you escalate it, you can expect Russia to use nuclear weapons.   Obviously, we don't want to use nuclear weapons in a conflict. The  reason we possess the nuclear weapons is to try to defer conflict. But  our weapons are very large, devastating weapons that were built to be  delivered on long-range missiles or bombers to the Russian--or then the  Soviet heartland that could do great destruction to Soviet cities and  military installations. They weren't designed to offset tactical  attacks by another adversary, like Russia. So we don't have the kinds  of tactical weapons that Russia has. As a result, we believe that, on  this escalation ladder that could occur in a conflict, we are at a  disadvantage, which is why we suggest to the President that in order to  be sure that Russia doesn't ever miscalculate and determine that it is  worth the risk to Russia to actually conduct an attack, including using  nuclear weapons--we need to be sure that they don't miscalculate here,  and the President should take into account this disparity in nuclear  weapon capability between Russia and the United States today in  determining whether to extend the New START treaty.   It may be that in renegotiating this, we need to take all of this  into account. These are changed circumstances in doctrine since 2012;  they are not changed circumstances in terms of the asymmetry of weapon  possession.   There is a third thing that has changed--although in one respect it  hasn't changed--that we also asked the President to consider, and that  is the fact that a treaty is obviously only as good as the willingness  of the parties to abide by it. In the case of the New START treaty, we  would expect the Russians to abide by that, as we would expect them to  abide by any other treaty. Well, it turns out that at the time that the  New START treaty was ratified by the U.S. Senate, the Russians had been  in gross violation of another treaty--the INF Treaty--and the  government didn't make that clear until after the New START treaty was  adopted.   The Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty is a treaty of several  decades long now that prohibits either Russia or the United States from  developing or deploying a missile that has a range between 500 and  5,500 kilometers. This is a treaty that only binds Russia and the  United States. It doesn't bind China, for example, which does possess  these weapons. So both Russia and the United States would be at a  disadvantage in a conflict with China, for example.   We were simply asking that the President consider whether Russia  abides by the treaties that it signs, and in that regard, whether it  has violated the INF Treaty. Well, it is a question that has already  been answered. The U.S. Government has already confirmed--and others  have as well--that Russia has been in violation of the INF Treaty at  least since the year 2008.   The onsite inspections regime of the INF Treaty terminated in 2001.  It hasn't been particularly easy to verify, but the State Department's  2014 annual compliance report found that Russia was in violation of the  INF Treaty. This is the first time we actually made our knowledge of  this public.   In April of 2016, the U.S. Government, again, in more detail,  revealed Russia's violation of the treaty, and it did so very  explicitly, pointing to the particular type of weapon the Russians had  been developing--a ground-launched cruise missile. In November of that  year, the United States convened a meeting of the Special Verification  Commission of the INF Treaty, and through this and other engagements  with the Russian Federation, we provided detailed information to Russia  about the nature of the violations of which we were aware. This is  important because the modus operandi of the old Soviet Union was to  say: We are not in violation of the treaty. If we are, prove it to us.  Then the United States would have to come forward with information we  had gathered through intelligence sources that would demonstrate how we  found out they were in violation, thus compromising our so-called  sources and methods. We thought this violation was important enough to  do that, and therefore we informed the Russians through the Commission  of what we understood about their program, including information  pertaining to the missile, the launcher, Russia's own internal  designation for the mobile launcher chassis, and the names of the  companies involved in developing and producing both the missile and the  launcher. We gave information on the test history of the ground- launched cruise missile program--the GLCM--that we were aware of,  including the coordinates of the test and Russia's attempts to  obfuscate the nature of the program. We provided all of this  information.   We also provided knowledge about the range--between 500 and 1,500-- and the fact that violating the treaty with this missile was actually  distinct from two other missiles that Russia had developed. I will not  give you the descriptions of them, but we have them, and we made all of  that public.   We even gave, in a subsequent report, the 2018 annual compliance  report, the specific designator for this missile, the 9M729.   We continued to raise these issues throughout 2017, 2018, and in fact  it wasn't just the United States. In December of 2017, the North  Atlantic Council urged Russia to address the serious concerns raised by  its missile system ``in a substantial and transparent way, and actively  engage in a technical dialogue with the United States.''   Just a couple of weeks ago, on November 12, NATO Secretary General  Stoltenberg stated in a speech that  [[Page S7121]]  ``the deployment of new Russian missiles is putting this historic  treaty in jeopardy.''   He was talking about the New START treaty. He completed his thought  by saying: ``Russia now acknowledges the existence of a new missile  system.''   If Russia cannot be trusted to comply with treaties and if we have  this long history of violation of the INF Treaty and now the President  is being asked to consider reupping the New START treaty, we urge him  to consider this in the context of Russia's current violations.  Clearly, at a minimum, this would call for additional verification and  enforcement with respect to the New START treaty.   It seems to me it calls for more than that because Russia has clearly  believed it is in its country's best interests to blatantly violate the  INF Treaty and take whatever the consequences are rather than abide by  the treaty. If it believes that with respect to the development of a  new cruise missile, it could very easily conclude the same with respect  to violations of the New START treaty irrespective of any sanctions or  other punishment the United States would mete out.   There is very little one can do to a country that chooses to  unilaterally violate a treaty. You can point it out, you can say they  shouldn't do it, and you can pull out of the treaty itself, but that  doesn't fix the problem; namely, their violation in the first place.   We have actually acted on some things with regard to the INF  violation. In December of 2017, the United States imposed economic  sanctions on the two Russian companies that were involved in the design  of this prohibited missile. We also began examining the range of  military options for the United States, both that were INF Treaty- compliant and also what would happen were we to leave the INF. By the  way, the President has unofficially said that in view of the Russian  violation, the United States will leave the INF Treaty. He hasn't made  that public announcement formally yet, but it is clear this is what he  intends to do. Under the circumstances, one can hardly blame him when  the Russians have gone ahead to develop a missile that threatens both  Europe and U.S. interests, and we need to react to that in various  ways.   One of the things we have done is for Congress to authorize the  administration to study what we ought to do in response, both in terms  of potential active defenses and potential offensive capabilities to  match what the Russians have done. In the 2018 National Defense  Authorization Act, we authorized $58 million to develop active defenses  to counter ground-launched missiles of the prohibited range and  counterforce and countervailing capabilities to prevent attacks from  these missiles and also to establish a program of record to develop an  intermediate range, conventional, road-mobile, ground-launched cruise  missile of our own. There are additional potential military response  options that obviously come to mind, but the point is, there are two  countries to an agreement, and when one country deems it important  enough to violate the agreement, even to suffer whatever consequences  may exist, then the President ought to take this into consideration in  deciding to extend yet another nuclear weapons treaty; in this case,  the New START treaty.   There are some other things I think the United States would want to  consider doing that it can only do if it leaves the INF Treaty, and  that is why I think the President is wise to, in effect, give the  Russians notice that this is what we intend to do. Russia can still try  to come back into compliance, I suppose, by destroying not only the  weapon itself, the cruise missiles it has already deployed, and  destroying the launchers on which these missiles would be launched  because they too would be in violation of the INF Treaty. They have  time to do this.   By announcing in advance his intentions, the President has also given  us an opportunity to think about our future. It doesn't do any good for  defense planners to think about potential weapons or defenses that the  United States could develop if there is never a prospect, in the case  of the offensive weapon, of ever actually building it or deploying it.  That is a career-ender to be sure. The INF Treaty would currently  prohibit that. So nobody is going to spend any time planning activities  for the United States that would themselves be a violation. By letting  Russia know we are now willing to consider doing that, Vladimir Putin  should understand that the President is serious about potentially  withdrawing from the treaty. Hopefully, that would give him time to  think about the consequences and decide to come into compliance, but it  may not.   If it doesn't, and he remains out of compliance, then not only could  the United States potentially develop weapons of our own to counter the  Russian violation, but we could also begin thinking about what this  means in terms of other treaties we have with Russia, changes that we  would want to make in order to ensure that these treaties are worth  complying with.   The New START treaty only applies to the United States and Russia.  What it says is, we will both maintain an existing level of nuclear  weapons--a little over 15,000 each. The United States had to bring our  stockpile down to meet that level. Russia did not. So the practical  effect of the New START treaty, at the time, was for the United States  to reduce its nuclear weaponry and Russia basically to do nothing.   What Russia has done in the meantime, however, is to continue to work  on the modernization of its strategic missile and nuclear weapons  programs. It has developed new missiles. It has tested. It has  developed new doctrine, as I said, in the potential use of nuclear  weapons, and it has a capability for nuclear warhead production that  the United States does not have.   It is not known today, but we don't have a nuclear weapon warhead  production capability. We couldn't do it. We could build one in a lab  or two over time. Russia has a production line, and it is constantly  replacing the warheads it has with new warheads and developing new  missiles, as I said. Now, I think all of that is relevant to the  consideration of whether we should stay in the New START treaty. If we  think Russia will comply with the terms, maybe we would conclude again  that it is wise to stay in that treaty. This is a little hard to  conclude, however, if Russia remains in violation of the INF Treaty.   For all these reasons, we thought it important to recite a little bit  of the history of the New START treaty and to quote from the resolution  of ratification so the President could see what the Senate's intention  was when that treaty was ratified at the end of 2012 and to think about  what those factors mean in today's world if the President has an  intention to think about potentially extending the terms of the New  START treaty.   Again, it doesn't happen until 2021. It is smart to start thinking  about it now, but in thinking about it, instead of just blindly  considering that it is a wonderful thing and we need to move forward  with it without expressing an opinion against extending it, the signers  of this letter wanted the President to appreciate some of the  background and to understand what we thought the intentions were and  what we hoped would occur after the New START treaty was adopted and  ratified and how we thought it would improve the relationship between  Russia and the United States at the time. If anything, conditions have  gotten worse, not better. As a result, these are factors the President  should take into consideration when determining whether to consider  extending the New START treaty.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   