 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman and my good friend for  yielding and for hosting this hour tonight. I look forward to the  comments by all my colleagues from Michigan and Illinois.   Let me just start out by saying a couple of things. I had a great  ninth grade teacher, Mr. Denekas. We learned about how the government  worked. You pass a bill in the House and you pass a bill in the Senate.  I learned later on that the House bill is always better than the  Senate. But in this case,  John Shimkus and I--and he is going to be a  speaker from Illinois a little bit later on this evening--were two  conferees on this bill.   I have got to say that, as we debated this bill, there were some  elements that were not so good. But at the end of the day, as this bill  meshed together, we took the best elements of both the House and the  Senate bill and we got a bill that the President was able to sign.   I can remember being trashed left and right back in November and  December about what this bill was going to do or not going to do: it  wasn't going to provide real tax relief to the working class; companies  weren't really going to give bonuses; this was all just going to be  bogus arguments.   Now, at the end of the day, 2-plus months since the bill was signed  and became enacted, my constituents are finding out good things about  the bill. Yes, they are getting real take-home pay increases from the  jobs that they do. Yes, they are getting bonuses.   I was at a small, little almost farmers market, multigenerational  market down in Niles, Michigan, just north of Notre Dame, Shelton's  Farm Market. They have 83 employees. The owners gave every employee  there a bonus. I talked to one of them who literally stocks the  shelves. He got $600.   He said: You know, Mr. Upton . . .   I said: Call me Fred.   He said: This wasn't just crumbs. This made a real difference.   I said: What are you going to do with that $600?   He said: You know, my wife has cancer, and I bought her a new dress.   He was so excited that that increase in the take-home pay was  actually going to do some real benefit for him and his family.   I was at a groundbreaking at Pfizer, my largest employer, in Portage,  Michigan. Not only did they announce that they are going to, in the  next couple of years, invest $6 billion--that is B as in ``big''--in  new facilities here in North America, they also announced that they are  going to give $100 million in bonuses for all of their nonexecutive  employees. That is real money, and that is thanks to tax reform.   Mr. Walberg talked a little bit about some of the utilities in  Michigan. A little bit earlier today, I was with the chair of Consumers  Energy, a very important player; and the chair of DTE Energy as well.  Yes, because of the reduction in the corporate tax rates, they are  going to pass on those savings, as they want to, to the consumers. In  the case of Consumers Energy, they are going to give back $200 million  in rate relief to virtually every one of their customers that they  serve across the board. That is good news. It has to be approved by the  Public Service Commission, but, in fact, that money is going to be  there.   So whether it is a small business who is now goin to get a lower rate  in that passthrough rate, which means a lot, keeping your deductions on  healthcare, seeing the highest corporate rate being reduced to 21  percent--and I remember well that debate that we had between Mitt  Romney and Barack Obama back in 2012. In September of 2012, the  question was on tax reform, and even Barack Obama said that he would  support lowering that corporate tax rate to 25 percent, because we were  already at the highest corporate tax rate in the world. That is what  this bill did, and thank goodness.    The last point I would make is I was tired of economic growth being  at .7 percent or 1 percent. We can do better than that. This bill is  now starting to lead the way to see that happen. In fact, the report  even this week, I think, is predicting a 3.5 percent growth rate for  calendar year 2018.   That is a far cry from where we were just a few years ago. I dare  say, in large part, it is due because workers are, in fact, getting  more money from their paychecks. We have reduced the corporate rates so  companies, instead of having an incentive to go overseas, as they did  with my largest employer in one of my counties a few years ago, they  now have a reason to come home and invest that money here.   So, Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman for hosting this hour. I  look forward to the other folks' comments tonight.   