 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have been in Congress now for about 18  years--12 years in the House and now 6 in the Senate. It is an honor of  a lifetime, obviously, to represent Arizona here.   After being here so long, I have to say I get a little defensive when  I hear somebody say that Congress is incapable of solving big problems.  Yet it is a hard point to argue after watching the Senate squander the  best opportunity we have had in a long time to pass legislation to  protect young immigrants who are impacted by an uncertain future of the  DACA Program and to strengthen security along the border. Somehow,  despite sweeping public support for both of these items, we have been  incapable of finding a compromise that can garner the support of 60  Senators. To say this has been a disappointment would be an  understatement.  [[Page S1365]]    I do appreciate Majority Leader McConnell's attempt to facilitate an  open debate. I truly believe he wanted this process to provide the  necessary dialogue so as to deliver an effective bipartisan solution. I  am certainly not alone in my efforts to forge genuine consensus on  these subjects. There are a lot of Senators on both sides of the aisle  who want to fix this problem. Unfortunately, as too often happens, the  siren call of politics brought too many of us back into partisan  trenches and blocked any hope of real results.   There are teachers and students and members of the military who are  DACA recipients. They are friends and colleagues who represent the very  best ideas of America. They are hard workers and productive members of  their families and communities. They don't have the luxury of being  able to admit defeat and move on to the next topic.   Likewise, those of us from border States, like Arizona, know that law  enforcement officers who are tasked with patrolling the borders and  protecting our neighborhoods just can't give up and go home. We have  neighbors and family members who simply cannot shrug off failure and  accept the status quo when it comes to securing the border.   That is why I have introduced legislation to extend DACA protections  for 3 years and to provide 3 years of increased funding for border  security. I am the first to admit that this is far from a perfect  solution, but it does provide a temporary fix to these crucial  problems. It begins the process of improving border security, and it  ensures that DACA recipients will not lose protections and be left to  face potential deportation.   We in Congress have too regularly confused action with results and  have been entirely too comfortable with ignoring problems when they  seem too difficult to actually solve. To put it as bluntly as possible,  this is not something we can ignore any longer.   I thank Senator Heitkamp for joining me as a cosponsor on this bill  and for illustrating that the drive to get something done on these  issues is a bipartisan effort. She has been a trusted partner on border  security and sensible immigration reform measures.   We may not be able to deliver a permanent solution to these problems,  but we cannot completely abdicate the responsibility of Congress to  solve them. There are many people whose lives and well-being depend on  our ability to deliver meaningful results here.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of Calendar No. 300, H.R. 1551. I further ask  that the Flake substitute amendment at the desk be considered and  agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and  passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, let me just  say that we had a debate for a week, and I commend the Senator from  Oklahoma for his hard work on this topic and constructive contribution  during that entire time. We considered several proposals, one of which  was this proposal, the Grassley amendment. It did get bipartisan  support, but it still fell well short of the goal. I think there were  39 votes in favor. We had bipartisan support for a countermeasure that  I supported, but we failed to get the 60 votes as well. We got only 54.   I would love to get a permanent solution. I have been working my  entire 18 years in this body to try to get comprehensive immigration  reform through. The problem is what has been proposed as an amendment  here is, for all intents and purposes, comprehensive immigration  reform, which, in moving ahead, would make changes to the legal  immigration structure. That is, simply, too much to bite off at this  time.   As much as I don't like to do it, I am offering something that is a  stopgap, but at least it is for 3 years. At least it will give 3 years  to those who are affected and give us in Congress some time to actually  come to a solution. What we cannot do is force these kids through more  uncertainty. I would love to get to a permanent solution. That is what  I have tried to do for a number of years here. I know the Senator from  Oklahoma has, as well, but we just cannot do it right now.   I prefer to simply go with the 3 for 3 amendment for which I am  asking 3 years of extended protections on DACA in exchange for 3 years  of border security funding at the President's request for this year. I  think that is a realistic proposal for which we can get bipartisan  support here and in the House. I believe the White House can support it  [[Page S1366]]  as well. So I object to a modification of the request.   