 Mr. President, as I have said before, Republicans had two  goals when it came to tax reform. First we wanted to put more money in  the pockets of hard-working Americans right away. Second, we wanted to  create the kind of economy that would give Americans access to economic  security for the long term. To achieve the first goal, we cut tax rates  across the board, nearly doubled the standard deduction, and doubled  the child tax credit. Americans are already seeing this relief in their  paychecks. To achieve the second goal, we reformed our Tax Code to make  it easier for businesses to create jobs, increase wages, and expand  opportunities for workers.   I am proud to report that less than 5 months since the Tax Cuts and  Jobs Act was signed into law, we are already seeing an improved playing  field for American workers. There are a lot of things that go into  giving a worker a secure economic future: a good job, good wages,  opportunities to grow, good retirement benefits, and opportunities to  achieve the education necessary for that good job or that wage hike.  Sometimes a degree or certification can make all the difference between  an OK job and the kind of job that brings financial security for the  long term, but getting that degree or certification isn't always easy.  Sometimes it can be cost-prohibitive, and sometimes it can be difficult  to fit the degree requirements around an existing job.   As I have said before, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is already improving  the playing field for workers and creating the kind of economic  environment that will give more Americans access to economic security  for the long term. Businesses are creating new and better paying jobs.  They are increasing and raising wages, and they are expanding  opportunities. All of these are essential elements of giving workers  access to the careers that will give them access to long-term financial  security. But that is not all. Businesses are also increasing benefits,  including, in several cases, education benefits.   Grocery store chain Kroger recently announced its Feed Your Future  program, which will provide employees with up to $3,500 a year to put  toward their education, whether the employee is working toward a GED or  an advanced degree. Both full- and part-time employees will be eligible  for the program, which will provide employees with up to $21,000 for  their education. The company is even introducing an educational leave  of absence, which will allow employees to take time off for approved  studies without losing their place at the company.   It is not just Kroger. McDonald's is accelerating increased  investment in its Archways to Opportunity education program, thanks to  the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The program will now offer workers $2,500 a  year toward their education costs, up from $700 a year previously.  There is no lifetime cap on the amount an employee can receive for his  or her education. Plus, employees can now work as few as 15 hours a  week and still be eligible for the program, which will make it easier  for employees to combine a job and an education.   Then there is Boeing, which is investing $100 million in training and  education for its employees.   Express Scripts is investing in the workers of the future by creating  an education fund for employees' children.   Disney is investing $50 million in an education program for  employees, and there are more.   It is another way that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is giving American  workers access to the resources they need for a secure and prosperous  future.   