 Mr. Speaker, I know the great intentions of the sponsor  of this legislation. That is not in question. What is in question is  that we have very, very short memories when it comes to healthcare.   We made a commitment when we put the Affordable Care Act together. We  knew it wasn't perfect, and obviously since then we have tried to make  some changes, but we haven't had much cooperation from the other side.   It wasn't mindless. In fact, the medical device industry agreed to  the conclusion. In sitting down in negotiations we started out with one  thought in mind, regardless of what we were talking about: we shall pay  for what we vote on, unlike some other legislation that will go  nameless right now.   We devised the Affordable Care Act so that it could be paid for and  we would not have to add to the deficit. In fact, one of these taxes,  in order to pay for the Affordable Care Act, we are discussing right  now, the medical device tax. It started out at 5 percent. In working  with the industry, we came to a conclusion of 2.3 percent.   So we went from $40 billion raised for the Affordable Care Act to $20  billion, see, because we knew we had to pay for this. That is what  healthcare is all about, and that is why you guys on the other side-- you people have not come up with an alternative, because you don't know  how to pay for anything. So we paid for this.   The Protect Medical Innovation Act. Well, when the Affordable Care  Act was being crafted, the medical device industry--and by the way, the  medical device industry is probably the most scrutinized industry in  the United States. Most of those companies, the 7,000 in the United  States--most of them--are good actors, but a lot of them were not.   Ten years ago I stood on this floor, Mr. Speaker, and pointed out all  the cases against the medical device companies who were bribing doctors  in order for those doctors to recommend the device. That is a fact of  life. I didn't make that up. That is not a political injection here.  This is what happened.   You could shove it off all you want. If I have to come back to the  floor on another occasion and cite chapter and verse the court cases,  you won't be so happy. That is not my purpose today.   What I am saying is, they agreed to the deal. They knew that the  increase in health coverage of millions more Americans would directly  increase the demand for medical devices.    By the way, Mr. Ranking Member, many medical devices  are sold to people old, like myself, who are on Medicare. You continue  to cut Medicare, and you will be cutting off your nose to spite your  face.   Congress most recently passed a delay of the medical device tax as  part of the continuing resolution. This extended the time that they  wouldn't have to pay a dime to the health system through the end of  next year, costing taxpayers $4 billion. Nothing to sneeze at.   Additionally, this year, the industry has stood to benefit  tremendously from the reduction in the corporate tax rate, down to 21  percent. You didn't get that break, and I didn't get that break.   There is nothing that will lead me to believe these benefits will  trickle down to help patients afford the devices they need to survive  or lower the price of those devices in the first place, regardless of  who is paying for them, out of what plan.   I'll go back to the point. We put the ACA together so that it would  be paid for. That is why we had to come up with that money, and we did,  so you couldn't repeal it. And what you are trying to do is choke it to  death. You are trying to bleed it.   What you are doing is forcing more and more people--you just went  from 20 million down to 17 million because of the subsidies that you  wouldn't put through that were in the law, because of the mandate  that was originally in the law.    And what is the alternative? Silence. Health issues are the biggest  issue this year, Mr. Speaker. I am glad I am on the right side.   