 Mr. Speaker, I am, indeed, pleased to join my colleague  from Iowa (Mr. King) tonight, who has been a very strong, tireless  leader on this issue and many other important ones for our Congress and  our country. So I thank him for that and for letting me be here to be a  part of this tonight.   Obviously, this is a very important issue and we need to have a much  better discussion than we have had in a long time in this country.   The moral of the Heartbeat Protection Act is extremely simple to  understand. It is against the law for a physician to perform an  abortion after detecting a heartbeat, other than to save the life of  the mother.   Mr. King was speaking a moment ago about this. For anybody who uses  common sense, life begins at that moment of conception. At that moment  of conception, you have a life. If you don't have a conception,  obviously, you don't have a life.   So how is it that it is even a debate? How do people hide on the  sidelines, in the shadows, somehow debating it as something like,  ``Well, is it really a life,'' or, ``At what line do we draw that point  at?''   That is an important point Mr. King made as well with all the  different ideas of when an abortion is appropriate.   We have a 20-week mark. We have the end of the first trimester, the  end of the second trimester.   What date is appropriate?   We have people these days talking about partial-birth abortion not  being a problem at all. Even in some extreme quarters, some people are  saying that post-birth is somehow an acceptable way and that it isn't  really a person with rights at that point.   We are talking about a much narrower thing here, with the heartbeat  being a true detectable moment of life. When prospective mothers go in  for those ultrasounds, it is a very moving moment for her, and,  hopefully, her mate there with her, to see what is going on inside  there with all those little baby parts that are being formed and the  miracle that life is.   But it is really a telling moment when that prospective mother hears  that heartbeat. That is what is so important in this debate about  having the tool of an ultrasound to show what is really going on here,  for those who try to obfuscate what is happening with the pregnancy.  Let that prospective mother make an informed decision, not one that is  hidden, not one that is obfuscated by, ``Oh, it is just a tissue mass  or something.''   The crime about a lot of this is that a lot of these women are not  being allowed to make an informed decision about what is really going  on.   So this Heartbeat bill that Mr. King is championing here is an  important moment in time for a prospective mom and her mate to be able  to have an informed decision and really contemplate this life that is  happening and the downside of what that abortion might mean.   So, indeed, is it not a crime to murder a human being with a  heartbeat?   It really shouldn't be any different for babies that are yet to be  born.   Arguably, since they are innocent, isn't it more important we protect  their rights?   They don't really have someone to speak for them, except for those of  us who realize what we are truly taking about here: an innocent life  with a heartbeat that will become a life outside of the womb and walk  amongst the rest of us humans with dignity, with passion, with ideas,  with dreams. That is what we are defending here.   It really mystifies me how legislation like this is so difficult to  move through this body, the Senate, the Congress as a whole, or State  legislatures in other types of bills we have tried in order to preserve  life, to preserve the value of life.   Indeed, if we are not a country that is going to value life in all of  its human forms, then what are we?   Our Founders placed a great value on those liberties that have formed  this country. Indeed, right above the dais it says: ``In God we  trust.''   I think God watches what we do here. He is watching what is happening  to these babies and he wants us to tell the truth and know the truth  and be able to project the truth on what is really going on with a  pregnancy or those who are contemplating a very serious decision.   This bill will go a long way toward shedding the light on a  quantifiable moment when there is a detected heartbeat that anybody  around that ultrasound can hear. That should be a reality moment. I  think more times than not, a prospective mother will make a decision  for life, given that.   I commend my colleague, Mr. King, for battling this for those who  have lost their lives so many millions of times in the past and had  nobody to defend them. But he is building momentum on this legislation  and his effort with so many pro-life groups around the country, so many  pro-life legislators that are onboard with this. We need a couple more  of these national groups to get involved and not see the fog, but,  instead, see the clear path that this is.   I implore people to contact their legislators and contact the  organizations that are supposed to be standing for life and make sure  they get onboard with this effort, because a heartbeat is a true  indication of life.   I thank Mr. King for his effort with this.   