 Madam President, today I call for a live unanimous  consent request on my resolution to protect nearly 800,000 West  Virginians and millions of Americans from losing their health insurance  because of their preexisting conditions. This is an immediate danger.  It is life and death for over 800,000 West Virginians and millions of  Americans.   Today oral arguments began in the Texas v. United States lawsuit  being waged by 20 U.S. attorneys general, including West Virginia's  attorney general, that will, once again, allow insurance companies to  have total control to be able to deny health insurance to people with  preexisting conditions. Now that the Department of Justice has  recklessly refused to defend the existing law, people with cancer,  heart disease, asthma, diabetes, or pregnant women are at risk of  financial and physical duress. Today, we have a chance to help right  this wrong.   My resolution, S. Res. 581, will allow the Senate legal counsel to  intervene and defend West Virginians and Americans with preexisting  conditions from this inhumane lawsuit. Even my Republican colleagues  have admitted that millions of Americans will lose their health  insurance if Republican attorneys general succeed.   Now, that is something when my own colleagues, over nine of my  Republican friends in the Senate, have introduced a piece of  legislation that also acknowledges how destructive this will be.   In a press release, my good friend from North Carolina, Senator  Tillis, and nine other Republicans who introduced the bill wrote that  oral arguments in Texas v. United States will begin today, on September  5, and if the judge rules in favor of the plaintiffs, protections for  patients with preexisting conditions could be eliminated. What it  basically says is, insurance companies will be allowed to determine if  you are too sick and too costly for them and they can't make enough  profit or see that there is no end in sight, they will just deny you.   Four hundred thousand West Virginians will be denied. They couldn't  even buy insurance if they could afford it. The other 400,000 in West  Virginia are going to basically have their rates raised or capped. That  means they are one illness away--one illness away--from financial  disaster.   Senator Tillis said this legislation is a commonsense solution. This  is a commonsense solution. We want to fix it together. We are just  asking people, who basically believe the same as we all have agreed on  both sides of the aisle, to ask our attorneys general to stop this  senseless lawsuit and withdraw it. That would cure the problem  overnight, but without it, we need to intervene, and we are asking for  this to happen.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Rules  and Administration be discharged from further consideration of S. Res.  581; that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; and that  the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Madam President, if I could please respond?    Madam President, let me just say that I hear my good  friend from Oklahoma. I understand where he is coming from. I would  only say that if that were the intent--and they keep saying Affordable  Care Act, ObamaCare, TrumpCare, no matter what you want to call it,  politicizing it--we can fix it. We have a fix. We have had a bipartisan  fix lying on the majority leader's desk for over a year now--12  Democrats and 12 Republicans, working together to fix the things we  talked about.   One thing we all agreed on is people with preexisting conditions  should not be left in an inhumane situation where they have nothing to  count on--no insurance whatsoever. We have been down that road before.  This is a correction. We have had this.   Basically, it is against the law for an insurance company to say:  Listen, you are too sick. You have had high blood pressure. You were  born with a heart defect. You had cancer when you were 40 years of age,  and now you are 70; it might return. We don't want to go down that road  again. That is all we have asked for, and even our Republican  colleagues agreed with us too.   If that were the intent, to rule this unconstitutional, then that  would have been in the tax cut bill. The tax cut bill was the mandate.  It had nothing to do with the preexisting condition. That is still the  law. That is still the law of the land. All we are asking is for them  to withdraw their lawsuit. They withdraw the lawsuit, and it is still  against the law for any insurance company--if they pass this lawsuit,  then they are going to be at the hands and the mercy of the insurance  companies to pick and choose life and death for so many thousands of  people--millions of people, 800,000 West Virginians. That is all.   I understand this is a hot topic, but I can tell you one thing,  healthcare in West Virginia is something that is needed. It is  something we now have a chance to fix that we haven't. We have opioid  addiction, and we are able to treat that. Mental illness, we are able  to treat that. Senior citizens, we are able to help them close the  doughnut hole. These are a lot of good things we have all agreed on.   The things we want to fix is what they are harping on, and,  basically, that can be taken care of and keep the Affordable Care Act  where it should be, in the hands of the people who need it.   Right now, we are in jeopardy so I am asking for the consideration. I  understand the objection, and I understand the process here, but  basically what we are asking for is for human decency, and it is  basically the concern of millions of people in America.   Thank you.   