 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, I come to the floor this evening to spend a  couple of minutes talking about the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh  to the U.S. Supreme Court.   We know that the debate has been engaged now for a number of weeks  and that the American people are part of that debate. I have already  expressed my views about the process that led to his nomination. I have  very strong views about it. I think it was a corrupt bargain between at  least two--if not the only two--far-right organizations and the  administration to choose from a list of only 25 individuals to serve on  the Supreme Court. In other words, if you are not on the list of 25  chosen by those groups or at least certainly ratified by those groups,  you cannot be nominated to the Supreme Court.   But tonight I am here to talk about a different set of questions. One  is more specific and one is broader, but both are important. I will  deal with the broader question at some length, but I will raise the  more specific question first; that is, the question of a particular  aspect of the Judge's record.   I happen to serve as the ranking member of the Senate Special  Committee on Aging, and I am alarmed at some of the judge's opinions  regarding older Americans and Americans with disabilities. I will be  walking through some of those cases at a different time, but I have a  series of questions that I think are important to have answers to as  they relate to his views and the potential opinions he would write that  affect older Americans and individuals with disabilities.   Because there has been a failure so far to turn over records of his  tenure in the White House--documents that some believe number in the  millions of pages--it is very difficult to ascertain or even to  formulate questions that relate to just these two topics, among many,  the two topics being his views on Americans with disabilities and the  laws that protect Americans with disabilities and, of course, his views  on programs and policies that relate to older Americans.   Today I have written to Chairman Grassley, the chairman of the  Judiciary Committee, and Ranking Member Feinstein, to demand that the  Judiciary Committee obtain and share with me and my staff all documents  related to older adults and people with disabilities. The Judiciary  Committee is attempting to move forward with Judge Kavanaugh's hearing  before--before--we have seen and had a chance to review his entire  record. Without Judge Kavanaugh's full record to review and without all  of the documents being made available to the committee and, therefore,  to the Senate, no Senator can fulfill his or her constitutional duty to  provide meaningful advice and consent about this nominee for the  highest Court in the land and, I would argue, the most powerful--or at  least the most important--Court in the world.   This duty could not be more important than it is at this moment.   Yesterday, as so many Americans know, it was a very sad day for the  country and one of the saddest days in the history of our Republic for  two reasons. The President's former attorney, Michael Cohen, pleaded  guilty to breaking campaign finance laws at the President's direction,  according to his statement under oath in open court--that statement of  Mr. Cohen.   Meanwhile, Paul Manafort, the President's campaign manager, was  convicted by a jury on eight counts of tax and bank fraud.   Why is that relevant to this discussion about the Supreme Court? I  think it is pretty simple. Serious crimes have been committed by close  associates of the President. That President has now nominated Judge  Kavanaugh to sit on our highest Court, and that particular nominee,  Judge Kavanaugh, has views on Executive power and the power of any  President to take action. These views must be thoroughly reviewed. That  takes not just a review of the record that we have now; I would argue  that to fully examine those views, we have to look at his whole record.  [[Page S5825]]    How can any Senator--how can even the Judiciary Committee--conduct  that kind of thorough review when we might have literally millions of  pages of documents that are not being made available to the Judiciary  Committee and, by extension, to the Senate itself? I don't know how we  can complete that kind of an inquiry just on those questions--questions  of the power of the President and questions on Executive power more  broadly.   So because of what happened yesterday, we are now in uncharted  waters, probably territory that very few Americans have ever walked  through. I don't want to make any historical comparisons because they  are never entirely accurate, but I think it is safe to say that we are  in uncharted territory. So under these circumstances, it is more  important than ever that our courts, up to and including the Supreme  Court, act as independent arbiters in our democracy.   Any Supreme Court nominee, of course, warrants close, careful, and  thorough scrutiny. In this case, this nominee, whose views on Executive  power I would argue are extreme, and a nominee who has questioned  whether the President can be subpoenaed--of course, that nominee, in  this context but even outside this context should be the subject of  thorough examination. And because of what happened yesterday, the  nominee should receive the most substantial, the toughest scrutiny on a  range of questions but, in particular, those that relate to Executive  power.   I will quote just a few lines from a 1998 Law Review article written  by Judge Kavanaugh. He said: ``Congress should give back to the  President the full power to act when he believes that a particular  independent counsel is `out to get him.' ''    He went on to say later: ``The President should have absolute  discretion . . . whether and when to appoint an independent counsel.''   So that is just one brief reference in one Law Review article. There  are other examples we could cite, obviously Executive power--the power  of the President generally but, in particular, the power of a President  in the context of an independent counsel, what we now call a special  counsel--being involved.   These questions are substantial. We know that Judge Kavanaugh, before  he was, in fact, Judge Kavanaugh, was a member of a prior  administration where he served both as White House Staff Secretary and  White House Counsel. Therein lies a lot of information in those  documents about his time there, when he assuredly would have expressed  opinions on a range of questions, maybe a series of statements or  evidence in the record about his views on Executive power, in addition  to what he may have said in a speech or in a Law Review article or  otherwise.   So I believe it would be an abrogation of our constitutional  responsibility to move forward on the Kavanaugh nomination without his  full--without his full--record set forth for the Judiciary Committee  before the hearing begins. And if there are millions of pages still to  review, we should give Judiciary Committee members the time to review  those documents, formulate questions, and prepare for the hearing.   There is no rule or no law that says this hearing has to begin the  day after Labor Day or even a few days after Labor Day. I would think  that the Senate would want to have the full record--or as close to the  full record as possible--before those hearings begin, especially  because we have a particularly urgent set of circumstances or set of  facts--in light of what happened yesterday with the two individuals in  two different courts of law--which could make as a live issue,  potentially, these questions of the exercise of Executive power,  especially because we have a nominee who has expressed views on those  issues. I don't think what I am outlining is in any way unreasonable.  Taking a few extra weeks to review that record should be the subject of  bipartisan support.   So I believe Judge Kavanaugh's full record must be made available for  review. I also believe the Senate must be given adequate opportunity to  review it, and I think because of the facts and circumstances that are  presented with this nominee, with this Presidency, and with this set of  facts, the stakes could not be higher. We don't want to be finding out  down the road in the midst of a confirmation hearing--or even after the  confirmation hearing or even after, potentially, a confirmation vote-- that there are documents in the record that were not brought to the  full light of scrutiny that have a bearing on his views that relate to  these fundamental issues of Executive power. If a legislative branch of  government, in this case the U.S. Senate and, in particular, the  Judiciary Committee--if a legislative branch of government in that  circumstance doesn't discharge its duty to obtain and to review and  then to formulate questions about issues so fundamental as Executive  power and the power of the President, especially in the context of a  special counsel investigation, I am not sure what the role of the  Senate would be in the absence of that kind of review.   So I think this is fundamental. It has nothing to do with a point of  view or a party or a position; this is fundamental to the process of  having a full review of the record.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   