 Mr. President, it is a pleasure to follow my friend and  neighbor to the south and east from the great State of Delaware.   Yesterday, the Senate Finance Committee had a hearing on tax reform.  I had a chance to introduce one of the witnesses, a fellow named David  Cranston from Robinson Township in Western Pennsylvania.   David is the president of Cranston Material Handling Equipment Corp.  It is a third-generation small business founded in 1957 by David's  grandfather. Today, David leads that company--a company he has worked  at since 1983. So for 35 years he has been there. Today he leads a team  of seven full-time employees and two part-time employees, truly a small  family-owned business.   Cranston Material sells and installs material handling and storage  equipment to manufacturing companies, including very large  manufacturing companies, and their products and services help these  manufacturers to store and lift products in the storage process--items  like cabinets, containers, conveyors, cranes, and dock equipment.   As I know the Presiding Officer understands very well, it is small  businesses like this that really make up the backbone of our economy  and the backbone of our communities.   What is it that David Cranston had to share with us as a witness  before our committee? He shared the story of how our tax reform from  late last year is already working and helping his small business.   How is that happening? Well, in a variety of ways. The two most  direct ways are, No. 1, Cranston Material is organized as a subchapter  S corporation. That is a long way of saying they are not taxed at the  level of the corporation itself but, rather, the income that is earned  by the business flows through to the owners of the business and is then  taxed on the individual returns of the owners.    How has our tax reform helped the owners of this business? We built  into the Tax Code an automatic 20 percent discount on the amount of  their income that is taxed. So 20 percent of their income from this  business is not taxed at all. That is true for all small businesses in  America. The 80 percent that is taxed is taxed at lower rates.   The total tax burden for these small businesses is much lower than it  used to be. Why is that important? It is important for a lot of  reasons. David Cranston told us that this is how they are able to  accumulate capital. This is how his business is better able to  accumulate the capital that he describes as the lifeblood of his small  business. It is, in fact, capital that allows these small businesses  like Cranston to take advantage of new growth opportunities.  Specifically, he shared with us an example. The tax savings that he is  already enjoying have helped him expand into a new product line this  year--a product line that he did not carry before, couldn't afford to,  but now he can. In order to launch this product line, he needed to  purchase new equipment, invest in employee training, and build a new  website--all of which are well underway.   He also touched on something else, another way in which our tax  reform is helping his business; that is, the business optimism that he  is seeing, which is encouraging his customers--primarily larger  companies--to increase their own capital spending. That includes, in  some cases, the purchasing of his products. As Mr. Cranston put it, the  tax reform is ``spurring business investment and therefore has set the  stage for economic growth for years to come.''   This increased investment activity that is helping workers and  businesses and small businesses and our economy is exactly what we  envisioned, exactly what we had hoped for, and exactly what we designed  our tax reform to accomplish.   I have to say, the story that David Cranston told us at the Senate  Finance Committee yesterday is not an isolated story. It is completely  consistent with stories I have heard all across the Commonwealth of  Pennsylvania from small businesses; that is, tax reform is working. It  is working for them.   Businesses are, in fact, increasing their investments, exactly as we  predicted they would if we lowered the after-tax cost of making those  investments. For example, just last month, the March 2018 research  report by Morgan Stanley--they surveyed their clients--concluded that  its capital expenditure plans index--it is an index they keep track of  that monitors the amount of capital being put to work in America, being  spent on new equipment--according to them, in March, just last month,  it reached an alltime high. Their characterization: ``Strength in our  index indicates continued momentum in equipment investment through the  second quarter of 2018.'' It is already happening, and they believe it  is likely to continue.  [[Page S2419]]    Some of our friends on the other side who are very critical of our  tax reform were very critical of the idea that business should benefit  from this. They didn't want business to benefit from this at all. I  have to point out the multiple ways they are wrong in their analysis.   First of all, when businesses--especially small businesses but all  kinds of businesses--benefit from a lower tax regime, much of that  benefit flows right to workers. We have seen that in a very direct  fashion. In fact, over 500 known, large companies--big enough that  their press releases get picked up and noticed--have given employees  bonuses, pay raises, increased contributions to their pension plans, or  some combination. There are now millions of American workers who work  for these 500-plus companies who have directly benefited personally, in  their pockets, because of the tax reform. I think this is fantastic,  and it has been immediate. It is already happening.   Over the long term, I think there is an even bigger benefit that will  be accruing to American workers as a result of our tax reform, and that  is the medium-, long-term upward pressure on wages for the people who  work for a living to earn those wages. Why do I say that? The fact is,  the more capital that gets spent, the more productive workers are able  to become, and the more they are able to earn.   Let me give an example that I like. If you go to any construction  site when they are at the stage of doing the site development--when  they are moving the dirt and maybe they are digging a hole for the  foundation--at that stage of the process, you very typically will see  somebody operating a backhoe. There is a guy operating a backhoe. He is  digging the hole for the foundation. You will very often see somebody  with a shovel. He is doing the tidy-up work around the edges. The guy  with the shovel is working very hard. He is probably working up more of  a sweat. He probably goes home with his muscles and his back aching  more than the guy operating the backhoe. But who do you think gets paid  more? It is not a close call; the guy operating the backhoe is always  paid more. There is one reason for that. The reason is that he has a  more advanced set of skills. Because he has those skills and because he  has a major piece of equipment to operate, he is much more productive  than any human being can ever be with a shovel. The more productive  worker is able to earn more.   That is why I am so excited about a reform that encourages businesses  to invest in capital. It is already making workers more productive, and  that means they are going to earn more income. But it doesn't stop  there. All of that capital expenditure, whether it is with David  Cranston's company or whether it is a backhoe--when companies want to  buy that, someone has to build it. There is more demand for workers to  build more of this equipment that is getting put to use. Then after it  is built and it is purchased by the business that can afford it now  because of tax reform, somebody has to operate it. There is still more  demand for workers.   So what happens in an economy when you are close to full employment-- the unemployment rate is around 4 percent, which is unusually low for  the American economy--and you introduce a significant new demand for  workers--well, I would say there are two things that happen. You create  opportunities for people who left the workforce to return, and you put  upward pressure on wages because all the businesses have to compete for  whatever workers are available.   So we have the direct benefit that people have seen in the form of  lower withholdings and more take-home pay. We have the direct benefit  that workers have seen when the companies they work for have decided to  give them a raise or a bonus because they can better afford it. And we  have this indirect benefit that might very well be the biggest of them  all, as workers become more productive because they get to use the  equipment that is put to work when their companies invest the capital  that we have made more available to them.   I am very bullish, as apparently the respondents to the Morgan  Stanley survey were, and I am grateful to David Cranston for telling  his story about how much his small business is already benefiting from  our tax reform.   Mr. President, I would like to make a completely unrelated point, and  that is, I would like to mention that I had an opportunity to have a  long conversation today with CIA Director Mike Pompeo, to discuss his  vision for his role as Secretary of State, should he be confirmed, and  his vision for America's role in the world, the leadership role we have  historically played and how he sees that going forward. I will tell  you, I was extremely impressed. He is a very thoughtful, very  knowledgeable, wise individual. I think he will give great counsel to  our President. I think he will be an outstanding diplomat. I think the  fact that he comes from the intelligence community will inform his  judgment in a very constructive way. I think we are all very, very  fortunate that Mike Pompeo is willing to serve in this capacity. I am  looking forward to his confirmation later this week.   With that, I yield the floor.   