 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, over the past week, the Senate has  debated and amended the financial services and general government  appropriations bill. It is the first time that this bill has the  potential to cross the floor of this Senate since 2007, when the bill  was created. Not one time has it passed the Senate since this  appropriations bill was created.   Usually, this particular appropriations bill is airdropped into an  end-of-the-year spending package or an omnibus without ever being  publicly debated, without ever coming to the Senate floor, without a  single amendment. This year changed that.   This bill has been on this floor this entire week. And it was here  last week. And it is being amended. And it is going through a process.  That may not seem like a big deal to some. That should be a no-brainer  for most Americans, certainly for most Oklahomans. They would think, of  course, the bill is being amended and debated. But that has not  happened since 2007, and we are changing a process, trying to relearn  how to actually pass bills--to debate them and to go through this  process.   I think countless Americans across the country who complain about the  inaction of Congress and all the backroom deals have been justified in  their complaints about this bill. But I am telling you, we are at a  historic turning point of trying to shift this process around. We have  demonstrated that appropriations bills can be debated and amended in an  open, orderly, and fair process for all of the country to see.   I was grateful to accept the role of chairman of the subcommittee  earlier this year because of the agencies and programs that are  impacted by this particular appropriations bill. It affects the lives  of millions of Americans, plays an important role in supporting the  American economy, and promoting private sector growth.   The funding for this particular appropriations bill is $23.688  billion. It includes funding for entities across all three branches of  government, from the White House to the Supreme Court, to a diverse  group of 27 independent agencies and the Treasury.   In fact, more than half of this particular appropriations bill, $12.7  billion, funds the Department of the Treasury, the offices of which  execute important functions that promote economic growth, combat  illicit finance, safeguard our financial system, administer the  Internal Revenue Code, and manage the Federal Government's fiscal  operations.   Last year, the Tax Cut and Jobs Act passed this Congress and is now  law. It provided much needed relief to Oklahomans and all Americans by  lowering tax rates for the middle class, simplifying tax rates for  every American, and dramatically changing how we tax businesses.   The tax reform bill has helped small and large businesses and  individuals throughout this year. In fact, as a direct result of that  bill passing last year, this past quarter, our economy grew at 4.1  percent. Unemployment is down to historic levels. Wages have started to  increase again.   We have seen some significant growth in our economy, but with that  significant growth, from a new Tax Code, there are also significant  changes that are happening in tax administration. This particular bill  provides the funds necessary for the IRS to be able to complete its  work to implement the tax reform bill to ensure that the tax forms and  all of the IT systems are ready for the filing system and April 15. We  want to make sure that Americans get their questions answered because  there will be additional questions coming this next year as they file  under a new system--hopefully a simplified system.   The bill also provides funding for the taxpayer assistance centers to  ensure that local offices in my State--like those in Enid, Lawton,  Oklahoma City, and Tulsa--remain open and available for individuals to  have face-to-face conversations with someone from the IRS and that  there is also the opportunity for them to be able to call directly, if  they have questions for the IRS. These important centers help  Oklahomans resolve tax issues, change tax account information, arrange  payments, as well as get answers to questions regarding the new tax  law.   This bill also includes $159 million for the Office of Terrorism and  Financial Intelligence. It is at the Treasury Department, but it levies  the sanctions against terrorist organizations, international narcotics  traffickers, rogue regimes, and individuals and entities involved in  the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. It is an incredibly  important office that functions in our Treasury.   The State of Oklahoma knows firsthand the devastation that can be  caused by terrorism, and I am pleased that this terrorism finance  entity received a $17.2 million increase in our bill. It increases  their capacity to curb terrorist financing and dismantle the financial  networks that support them. If you stop the flow of money to terrorism  and to cartels, you can stop the flow of drugs and violence and every  other evil thing that they bring.   This bill also includes $118 million for the Financial Crimes  Enforcement Network or what is called FinCEN. It combats money  laundering. In 2018, financial institutions in Oklahoma have filed over  12,000 suspicious activity reports that they identified with FinCEN to  identify suspicious activities or potentially suspicious activities  that helped FinCEN to follow the money and track down drug kingpins,  money laundering, human smugglers, and other criminal enterprises.   Furthermore, this bill makes critical investments in our Nation's  financial markets by providing targeted increases for the Securities  and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.  The SEC--Securities and Exchange Commission--works to ensure that our  financial markets are fair, orderly, and efficient. This helps Oklahoma  companies have access to the capital they need to get started, to grow,  to hire, and to thrive.   Over the past year, the SEC has made protection of Main Street  investors its top priority. This will help ensure that Wall Street  insiders can't manipulate stocks prices for retirees in Norman or give  unscrupulous financial advice to investors in Broken Arrow. I am  pleased we were able to fund this initiative. Households in Oklahoma  have more than $164 billion in mutual fund assets, and the SEC  regulates investment companies that issue these securities so that  families are not victims of Ponzi schemes or fraud that wipe out their  entire life savings. With $164 billion in Oklahoma money invested, it  is incredibly important that we get this regulated and get it done  right.   The bill provides funding, as well, for the CFTC, which ensures that  derivatives markets in the United States are free from fraud,  manipulation, and abuse of practices while ensuring that they remain  globally competitive.   Some people may say: Well, the CFTC doesn't affect me directly. Do  you know what? If you are a soybean farmer or a rancher or you are  involved in oil and gas production in Oklahoma, CFTC markets help these  people hedge their risk. It is very important to them and to our  economy.   I am pleased that the CFTC Chairman, Christopher Giancarlo, is  visiting Oklahoma next week to meet with agriculture and energy groups  face to face and listen to their needs as the agency implements  thoughtful rules and regulations that encourage participation and  innovation in the markets. We welcome the CFTC Chairman to Oklahoma.   The bill also provides $280 million for the High Intensity Drug  Trafficking Areas Program, which supports law enforcement agencies  operating in major drug trafficking regions and corridors. One of those  initiatives in this program is the Texoma HIDTA, which encompasses a  handful of counties in North Texas, as well as Cleveland, Comanche,  McIntosh, Muskogee, Oklahoma, Pittsburg, Sequoyah, and Tulsa Counties.  Those counties are sometimes used as a transnational shipping  distribution area for drugs arriving from Mexico that are destined for  Oklahoma and other parts of the country.   With this funding, the Texoma HIDTA coordinates training, information  sharing, and joint task forces that  [[Page S5497]]  connect 70 different Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies  in Oklahoma and North Texas. For example, this week, from Wednesday to  Friday, the Texoma HIDTA is hosting a training for local street patrol  officers, investigators, and detectives to increase awareness of the  trends, methods of operations, and drug activity of the most commonly  encountered criminal street gangs. It is important that this program  stays in place.   The bill includes $99 million for the Office of National Drug Control  Policy and the Drug-Free Communities Support Program that supports  community coalitions to prevent youth drug use. Many youth have a  difficult time navigating junior high and high school and early  college, trying to stay away from drugs--and keep away. This program  supports grants and nonprofit organizations in towns in my State like  Oologah, Lexington, and Hulbert in their efforts to reduce teen  substance abuse.   The bill also provides funding increases to the U.S. Postal Services  inspector general to address the growing concern of narcotics  trafficking through the mail. This funding increase will enable the  inspector general to address the increase in the number of allegations  of postal employees stealing drugs from the mail or postal employees  assisting drug trafficking organizations in the delivery of narcotics  shipped through the mail.   We have thousands and thousands of great employees in the U.S. Postal  Service, but, sometimes, if we have a bad apple in the group, the mail  itself is used to deliver some of the worst narcotics to Americans. We  need to increase for the inspector general to be able to track down a  bad actor, even in our U.S. Postal Service.   The bill provides full funding to the Federal Communications  Commission to help close the digital divide between metropolitan areas  and rural areas in Oklahoma. We want to protect consumer and public  safety and improve the regulatory process for telecommunications  companies throughout the State. This also sets the precedent for  increasing cell phone coverage in some of the most rural areas in the  country, including rural areas in Oklahoma.   Oklahoma receives the second largest allocation of Lifeline funds in  the entire country, $128 million. But there is some waste and  inefficiency, and there are some individuals even in my State who are  getting Lifeline funds but should not. So we have increased the ability  to be more efficient and to make sure that Lifeline funds are targeted  to people who actually need it the most.   Further, this bill provides full funding for the Federal Trade  Commission to fulfill its mission to prevent anticompetitive mergers  and anticompetitive business practices in the marketplace.   Each of the programs that I just mentioned has a real impact on  Oklahoma and Oklahoma families. But it is important to note that we are  not just sending a check to these entities and agencies, and walking  away.   Prior to passing the bill, we held open hearings to require agency  leaders to publicly defend their budget requests, and we will continue  to hold hearings and have conversations with agency heads and senior  leaders and budget directors about the use of their funds. In some  cases, we have made cuts already, and there will be others that may  have to be made in the future.   Last year, we provided $150 million for the Technology Modernization  Fund at the GSA, the General Services Administration. They came back  this year and asked for $210 million. We said no. We have not seen  results from that program yet, and we don't have any data on it, and I  wasn't going to allocate $210 million to something that we don't know  is working.    The National Archives and Records Administration does incredibly  important work to protect our Nation's history, but we reduced their  budget for administrative expenses in this bill. They responded by  finding more efficiencies to compensate for that. This can be a model  for other agencies and entities.   There are ways to help protect Americans' money, and it begins by the  government remembering that the money that is allocated in this bill is  not our money; it is money that is coming out of the paychecks of hard- working Americans, and they want us to be responsible with it-- rightfully so.   Again, this is a historic week for the Appropriations Committee, for  this particular subcommittee, and for the Senate. I do applaud the  determination of Chairman Shelby and Vice Chairman Leahy as they push  these bills through and publicly debate these bills on the floor.   I also want to thank the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr.  Coons. He has been a great partner in this effort. Our team and his  team have worked very cooperatively together through a lot of difficult  issues.   I appreciate everyone's engagement on these issues as we try to solve  this long term.   I look forward to continuing oversight in the months ahead as we pass  this bill and then watch over how those dollars are actually spent. We  want to make sure that decisions that have been made are best for the  American people, best for the agencies, and best for the future of our  country.   I look forward to seeing this bill completed in just the next few  hours or next couple of days and finishing the work and then partnering  this bill with what the House has passed to get a final conference  report and put it on the President's desk.   With that, I yield the floor.   