 Mr. President, as President pro tempore of the U.S.  Senate, I ask my colleagues to join me in marking a special day.  Exactly 70 years ago today, the State of Israel was established. On the  same day, the United States was the first country to recognize Israel's  statehood. I applaud President Trump's decision to commemorate this  historic anniversary with the opening of the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem.   In the 70 years since its founding, Israel has shared an unbreakable  bond with the United States. I am pleased to be a friend of Israel's  and to have played an integral role in strengthening relations between  our two countries.   It is difficult for me to express the profound reverence I have for  the Jewish people. As a symbol of my respect, I wear a mezuzah around  my neck and have done so every day for almost four decades--I think,  actually, for more than four decades. The mezuzah reminds me of the  affinity I, as a member of the Mormon faith, hold for the Jewish people  and their history. Both Israel and Utah were settled by religious  minorities who sought refuge from persecution--a shared history that  deepens our devotion to democracy and our love of freedom.   Although my schedule does not allow me to be in Israel today, perhaps  it is even more appropriate that I make these remarks here rather than  in Jerusalem, where I would like to be. After all, today should be seen  as an American holiday just as it is an Israeli one. America's  interests, prosperity, and security have benefited immeasurably from  our deep friendship with the State of Israel. Indeed, the world is a  much better place because of Israel, and it is high time the country  received its fair treatment on the world stage. That is why, last week,  I joined Senator Booker in introducing legislation that calls for the  fair treatment of Israel and urges other nations to foster diplomatic  ties with the country and recognize its sovereignty.   Israel desperately needs allies. Indeed, the events of last week are  a stark reminder that Israel has many enemies that seek its  destruction. The Iranian Government directed missile strikes into the  Golan Heights in the early hours of the morning last Thursday. Just  hours before, the Iranian Government announced it may explore enriching  uranium toward acquiring nuclear weapons. I know the Golan Heights. I  have been there. I have looked over the Golan Heights.  [[Page S2634]]    We stand at a historic crossroads. Whatever your ideas about the Iran  deal, whether you were for it or against it, we should remember the  goals and ideas of the Iranian Government have not changed. They are,  as they have been for the last several decades, aimed at the  destruction of Israel.   Our Israeli friends need our help. So my message today is to the  American people, to their Representatives in both Chambers of Congress,  and to all the nations of the world. Now is not the time for  partisanship or political games. Now is the time for meaningful and  unified action in defense of the Jewish people and the State of Israel.   That means a number of things. It starts with all of our getting  behind this President and his new approach to Iran. We can have our  disagreements on his policies in other areas, but taking an aggressive,  holistic posture on Iran should be a bipartisan issue. We must be  willing to confront Iran on its nuclear program as well as on its bases  in Syria, its support for terrorism, and its numerous violations of  human rights and religious freedom. Here in Congress, we should support  the administration's position through legislation.   To that end, I invite my colleagues to join me on a number of  initiatives I have championed this Congress, including the Continued  Support for the Iranian People Act, which holds the Iranian regime  responsible for its human rights abuses. I also call on my friends to  join me in supporting the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act,  which exposes the hypocrisy of the Iranian Government in its funding of  violent causes rather than in its providing for the welfare of its  people.   These actions are just the beginning. We now have an opportunity to  hold the Iranian Government accountable. We should start with curbing  Iran's nuclear ambitions. We would do well to remember that Iran's  nuclear program is not an end in itself but just one of many tools the  government has at its disposal for causing great harm.   In that light, we need to appeal to our partners in Europe and in the  Middle East to not only settle on talking points but on plans of  action. If, indeed, we share the priority of protecting democratic  values and institutions, we must do so by protecting Israel--a beacon  of democracy in the Middle East. We need to both talk the talk and walk  the walk.   The world is a different place from what it was in 1948, and so is  Israel. Today, Israel is on the cutting edge of every innovation that  helps the human condition--from medicine to technology, to irrigation.  As a testament to Israel's strength, it has nurtured partnerships  across the Middle East, Africa, and Asia.   The United States must continue doing its part to foster these  partnerships. Just as important, we must continue leading the charge in  ideas and actions that can help bring about a secure Israel. The task  has never been more urgent. I call on my colleagues in the Senate to  come together on this--to build a future of peace and prosperity for  Israel and its neighbors. Let Israel's founding be a holiday for us  and, indeed, for all nations of the world, and let us pray that we can  soon celebrate this anniversary in more peaceful times.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   