 Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the world witnessed the single  worst performance by an American President on the world stage in world  history. It was a culmination of the worst week an American President  has ever had. As a citizen, I am shocked and embarrassed for our  Nation.   Given evidence, indictments, and facts, the President was given the  choice of taking America's side or taking President Putin's side. The  President chose Putin. I believe the American people, our Armed Forces,  our allies, our lawmakers, and the President's own Cabinet deserve an  immediate apology from the President for his actions.   Having insulted and demeaned our closest military allies and trading  partners, the President doubled down by insulting world leaders  individually and in public, especially those who are most friendly to  the United States. It was disgraceful.   The President even went as far as to say that Germany is totally  controlled by Russia, a comment that makes the President quite  literally the laughing stock of the world. To then go on and take  President Putin's side in defending the Kremlin's attack on the United  States--an attack which this Congress, our intelligence and law  enforcement agencies, our allies, and the American people know in fact  took place--was nothing short of treasonous.   The President has proven himself unable to separate his own personal  interests from his current job as leader of the free world and has  consistently, repeatedly, and now, in full view of the world,  definitively put his own interests above those of the United States and  the free world by siding with the petty, antidemocratic dictator of our  international rival.   The campaign of repression and the straight-up murder of political  and business rivals by President Putin is well established. It is not  something any American leader can or should debate. Using foreign  agents to murder people overseas is the Kremlin's MO, and the President  seems to feel that is okay.   Let us not forget that Russia, on more than one occasion, has allowed  paranoia, fear, and impunity to escalate to such a level that they have  literally shot passenger airliners out of the sky, killing all on  board.   Invading other countries and using the pretext of national security  to expand the Russian empire is not only condoned by this President,  apparently, in some ways, he is seeking to emulate Putin's behavior by  using national security as a pretext for trade wars with our closest  allies and for policies to take babies, toddlers, and other children  from people lawfully seeking asylum in the United States.   Russia is not a government to be condoned; it is a government to be  contained. Yet our President was unable to be critical of the dictator  of our greatest rival in public--and God knows what he did in private.   Mr. Speaker, it is well established that I believe our current  President is a threat to American democracy, which is why I was one of  the first Members of Congress to sign on to Articles of Impeachment  last year. I have already begun consulting with my colleagues about  whether those Articles of Impeachment can be expanded and updated to  include the betrayal witnessed by the American people in the world this  week.   While it is already a full-time job, I will redouble my efforts to  prevent the House of Representatives from taking actions to actively  obstruct justice and undermine law enforcement and the FBI, while  seeking to give the President cover and relief from a genuine, thorough  investigation into the attack on our country by the Russians in 2016  and the attacks that are continuing to this day.   This body, the House, the institution that I love so much and have  served for more than 25 years, cannot be sullied or diminished by this  President or his inability to see the facts about the attack on the  United States.   As a body, we must take action to relieve the President of his  duties. Most Americans probably doubt that the House of Representatives  is even up to the task of being fair, being honest, being impartial  enough to call a spade a spade when it comes to Russian aggression.   But I call on my fellow Democrats and my fellow Members on the other  side of the aisle: If you still believe in truth, if you believe in  democracy, if you believe in the rule of law and our Constitution, you  will join me in holding this President accountable for his actions, in  holding Russia accountable for the attacks on the United States and her  people, and will stand up to defend your country and not just your  party or your own income and career.   This is a moment of destiny when the House as an institution must  rise to the occasion. Mr. Speaker, the whole world is watching.    Mr. Speaker, when Democrats talk about immigrants,  refugees, and asylum seekers, this is the mom and her children whom we  are talking about. She is fleeing Central America to save the life of  her children from violence, systematic corruption, extortion--yes-- rape, and kidnapping.   But the other side wants to change the subject. On every TV screen  this fall, Republicans will show pictures of tattooed gang members  flashing gang signs, looking like murderers. We know. We get your  strategy.   You take your marching orders from Laura Ingraham and Tucker Carlson  quicker than the President takes his marching orders from the Kremlin.   In the same week that the President insulted the intelligence  community of the United States, we are not going to let you insult the  intelligence of the American voter. Immigrants, refugees, outsiders and  outcasts, freed slaves, and survivors, just like this woman and her  children, built this country.   Some of us had our land stolen; some of us were stolen from our land;  and some of us made a very smart decision that we had to get away from  the land we were in so that we could survive. That is who we are. That  is what America is.   Every generation of Americans has had to withstand people in  positions of power labeling the poor, the weak, the outsiders, and  people of different races and ethnicities as criminals, threats, and  the cause of all our problems, as the majority does today. Every  generation of Americans has had to stand up to bullies and racists and  power-hungry politicians and overcome their efforts to divide us as  Americans.   That is also the story of America's greatness: our resilience and our  ability as a nation to overcome the worst instincts of some of our  leaders. That is the story of America, and that is what we are doing  today.   