 Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Hensarling for his  leadership and for moving this important legislation forward.   Mr. Chair, the United States has an opioid epidemic, one that is  claiming more than 115 lives every single day. The faces and the  stories of the opioid crisis and those family members, friends,  students, and loved ones who have been affected by it demand some  solutions from us.   Over 4 years ago, in March 2014, I launched our community action plan  on opioids in the 14th Congressional District of Illinois. Since then,  I have worked with community leaders in my district to update our  action plan with local, State, and Federal policy recommendations.   One of our key objectives is increasing access to sober living  facilities for individuals who have undergone inpatient treatment and  need support as they navigate their recovery. An immediate step we can  take is to allow individuals in recovery to have access to Federal  housing programs, especially transitional housing.   Transitional housing is an important, evidence-based piece of  recovery that empowers these men and women to maintain sobriety,  acquire job training and employment, and find a community.   I have met individuals whose lives have been changed by transitional  housing. Chris Reed from McHenry, Illinois, has been sober since 2009.  He was a founding member of New Directions Addiction Recovery Services,  which opened a sober living house for men in Crystal Lake, Illinois, in  October of 2016. The organization opened a home for women in December  2017 and a third home in McHenry County this year.   According to Chris, he said: ``Sober living and recovery housing  provides structure, support, and accountability that greatly increases  the chances a person with a substance use disorder (SUD) will achieve  long-term sobriety. By providing housing stability along with  appropriate resources--such as job placement, peer recovery support,  social activities, and services to others--people with SUD begin to  disconnect from drugs and alcohol and reconnect with a supportive  community.''   I am proud to support the THRIVE Act, which will expand access to  these life-changing transitional recovery homes through existing  Federal housing programs. This is something Congress can do right now  to prevent opioid overdoses.   Let's make a statement about the importance of support in recovery  and offer resources to individuals for whom a transitional home could  be lifesaving.   