 Madam President, I rise to speak in support of the VA  MISSION Act. I want to begin by thanking the chairman of the Veterans'  Affairs Committee who has shown incredible leadership on behalf of our  veterans for many years, and this bill fits right in that mold.   This is a very important bill for a number of reasons. Obviously, it  is an important bill because it supports our veterans, but it really  has important provisions in it that will make a difference for our  veterans. I want to thank the chairman of the VA Committee. I want to  thank him not only for the quality of the work in this bill but for  building the bipartisan coalition necessary to pass it because it  really does make a difference for our veterans, to whom we owe so much.  [[Page S2859]]    I would like to go through not all but some of the provisions that I  think are really important, some I worked on and some I think really do  make a difference for our great veterans.   As I said, I speak in support of the VA MISSION Act. It is bipartisan  legislation that will help ensure veterans receive the care they so  very much deserve.   This piece of legislation not only strengthens the VA's ability to  care for our veterans, but when the VA is unable to provide that care,  it gives our veterans a choice to seek care in their home communities  and to do it on a basis that is convenient, that works for them, and  then to make sure those healthcare facilities will provide that service  to our veterans because they know they will be compensated for it by  the VA.   That is a huge issue because it is not just about making sure there  is care out there for our veterans but making sure it is quality care  and that it is available to them.   We owe our veterans more than we can ever repay for their incredibly  dedicated service. Expanding veterans' access to healthcare options  closer to home is just one of the ways we can show our deep  appreciation for their service to our country.   Providing this kind of care has proven to be particularly challenging  for our veterans residing in rural areas. I live in a rural State, and  to get that access to quality service in these rural areas is a  challenge. It is a challenge we have to address and a challenge we  address directly in this legislation, which is why I am so deeply  appreciative that we are working to pass this legislation.   In 2014, the Veterans Choice Program was enacted to alleviate  unacceptable waiting times for care at the VA. However, the Veterans  Choice Program has been in need of improvement.   In 2016, I worked to secure and implement the Veterans Care  Coordination Initiative at our Fargo VA health center. The Fargo VA  health center serves all of North Dakota, and it serves half or more of  Minnesota as well. The initiative we worked to put in place at the  Fargo VA--and the Fargo VA does a tremendous job. We have some VA  health centers around the country that obviously need improvement, but  the Fargo VA health center does a top-quality job.   This initiative is an initiative we put together as part of the  Veterans Choice Program. It has allowed veterans seeking community care  to coordinate all of their healthcare through the Fargo VA health  center rather than the third-party contractors that were set up under  Veterans Choice, and obviously we had some challenges with those  contractors. So this allowed the VA health center to provide that  service directly, both if the veteran came into VA for institutional  care at the healthcare center or at one of its CBOCs or if they wanted  to get Veterans Choice care from a private provider in their local  community. The initiative has been very successful and has  significantly reduced wait times for community care appointments.   The VA MISSION Act builds on that very effort. It builds on that  effort by requiring the VA to schedule medical appointments in a timely  manner. When the veterans need healthcare, they have to be able to get  in and get that care in a timely way.   The MISSION Act improves community care initiatives at the VA,  including the Veterans Choice Program, by streamlining it into a single  veterans community care program that will be able to provide better  care for our veterans. That is the bottom line--better care for our  veterans.   Today I want to highlight three priorities we worked to include in  the MISSION Act to provide veterans in North Dakota and across the  country with better care closer to home.   First, the long-term care piece. When we are talking about care, it  is not just medical care; it is long-term care. It is in-home care. It  is nursing home care. It is that whole continuum of care that is so  important. The VA MISSION Act includes key pieces of legislation I  introduced as a stand-alone act. That bill was the Veterans Access to  Long Term Care and Health Services Act, and it focused on that long- term care piece, making sure veterans could get the VA to reimburse  nursing homes and that nursing homes would take that VA reimbursement  and take veterans.   That is why I introduced the legislation, along with some of my other  colleagues, to increase veterans' access to long-term care options in  their communities.   For example, currently, in our State, only about 20 percent of the  nursing homes contract with the VA due to difficult regulations and  reporting requirements. That is not dissimilar from across the country.  That is what we are seeing across the country, only a percentage-- ultimately, a small percentage--of nursing homes that will take that VA  reimbursement because of the redtape and difficulty contracting with  the VA in order to get that reimbursement. A veteran should not have to  relocate across the State because they can't go into a nursing home in  their community because of that reimbursement issue. That is what this  legislation addresses.   Think how important that is. You want your veteran to be able to go  in and get long-term care in their community, close to their home,  close to their family, right? That is what this is all about. Our  legislation will allow non-VA long-term care providers, including  nursing homes, to enter into provider agreements with the VA. These  agreements will cut through the bureaucratic redtape at the VA that has  prevented our veterans from receiving long-term care services closer to  home. This means veterans can access nursing homes and other long-term  care in their communities closer to home and closer to their loved  ones.   The MISSION Act also expands caregiver benefits to veteran caregivers  of all eras. Again, this is a very important provision. The VA's  program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers includes a  monthly tax-free stipend, healthcare coverage under the VA Civilian  Health and Medical Program--if the caregiver is not eligible for  coverage under another health plan--counseling and mental health  services, up to 30 days of respite care services, reimbursement for  travel-related expenses required for an eligible veteran's examination,  treatment, or episode of care, and travel for caregiver training is  also reimbursed.   Currently, these benefits are only available to caregivers of post-9/ 11 veterans. The inclusion of this provision will help support pre-9/11  veterans and the family and the friends who take care of them.   The other provision I want to mention again is really important for  our rural areas and for our veterans in the rural areas. This is a very  important provision. This priority, this provision, removes the  Veterans Choice Program's 30-day, 40-mile eligibility requirement. So  it removes that 30-day wait, that 40-mile eligibility requirement.  Instead, the bill allows veterans to receive care in their local  community when services are not available through the VA or if the  veteran and his VA medical team determine that receiving community care  would be in the best interest of the veteran--again, what is best for  our veterans.   This is a priority we have been working on for veterans in my home  State and really States across the country, particularly our rural  States.   As I mentioned, for example, North Dakota's only health center is in  Fargo. We have CBOCs around the State, but the only health center, the  full-scope health center, is in Fargo. As I said, it covers all of  North Dakota and, frankly, most of Minnesota. We have these community- based clinics out there. While they provide some services, they aren't  always equipped to provide the care necessary for our veterans. So what  does that mean? That means the veteran has to travel in some cases a  long distance.    Under the Veterans Choice Program's 30-day, 40-mile eligibility  requirement, a veteran living within 40 miles of a CBOC meant they  either had to go to that CBOC or travel a long distance to a VA health  center. So they weren't eligible for that community care, as I say,  forcing many veterans to travel long distances, often in inclement  weather, in order to receive VA reimbursed care. This legislation, the  MISSION Act, removes that requirement. So now, when a VA medical center  or CBOC can't provide the service a veteran needs, then those veterans  will be able to access healthcare services in their local community.  [[Page S2860]]    So we have veterans traveling hundreds of miles now, round trip,  inconvenienced, making it very difficult for them and their families.  No more. Under this legislation, that 40-mile requirement and the 30- day limit is taken away. If it is most convenient for a veteran to  access care from a private provider in their community, they can do it.  That is a huge step in making the Choice Program work for our veterans.   Just a few days from now, our Nation will set aside a day to honor  those who made the ultimate sacrifice. It is because of their sacrifice  that we can experience the freedoms we enjoy as Americans. Sending this  legislation to the President's desk is one way we can show our  gratitude for their actions.   I wish to congratulate again the great Senator from the State of  Georgia and thank the Senate VA Committee staff for their leadership,  perseverance, and hard work to get to this point. I am pleased that  both sides of the aisle have come together to support this legislation  and to support our veterans. I am proud to support the VA MISSION Act.  Again, I urge my colleagues to support its passage.   With that, I yield the floor for the Senator from the State of  Missouri.   