 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Reichert of the  Subcommittee on Trade for yielding and for his work on this important  issue.   Protecting Americans' personally identifiable information has been  hotly debated in the Halls of Congress this month. Last week, we  debated appropriate limitations on private companies' access, use, and  distribution of private data.   This week in the House, we are moving a package of bills to improve  the Federal Government's use of Americans' data to ensure that the  government is doing everything to keep its citizens safe.   Private companies should not be selling personal information without  consent, but unequivocally, the Federal Government should not be  selling the personal information of its citizens and armed services  members.   I introduced H.R. 4403, the Moving Americans Privacy Protection Act,  to ensure that Federal agencies are taking the necessary extra step of  removing Social Security numbers, passport numbers, and ID numbers from  shipping information.   Currently, the Customs and Border Protection agency is not taking  this step.   In absence of this action, when Americans move internationally, their  information may be erroneously made public online.   Representatives from the Department of Defense, Department of State,  the DEA, and FBI, and others have heard from their employees on  numerous occasions that their information has been found for sale on  the internet through the manifest disclosure process.   Annual Department of Defense moves alone are enormous in scope, with  roughly 600,000 servicemembers and their families moving every year, of  which 200,000 of those are going international.   In 2014 and 2015, the Army's Surface Deployment and Distribution  Command issued separate advisories alerting servicemembers to this  issue.   We must do a better job of protecting our armed servicemembers who  are making a sacrifice to wear the cloth of this great Nation.   I want to be clear that there is merit to shipping and cargo  statistics. We need to make them available for economic trend analysis,  but that does not mean that we put our citizens and Armed Forces at  risk in the process.   The manifest disclosure process should not be repealed. The CBP  should be required to remove the sensitive data.   Chairman Brady and Chairman Reichert have identified this issue and  unanimously reported the bill out of the committee last week. It is  good governance and bipartisan legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colead, Congressman Pascrell, for his  work on this bill, and I urge its passage.   