 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of Bill Shuster. I am also  supporting the bill. But I want to thank Bill for being a person who is  constructive, visionary, and works across the aisle with constructive  ideas. He has made a difference in this House. His father made a  difference in this House. I thank him for his service.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill. It includes key changes  to the Stafford Act that I have been working on with Mr. McCarthy and  Mr. Bishop for many, many months. I have advocated for over the past  year to permit Federal disaster aid funding to be used to not only  reconstruct what stood before, but to build to 21st century standards.   Importantly, the bill puts an emphasis on pre-disaster mitigation.  The emphasis is on actions taken to lessen the impact of future  disasters. Last year, natural disasters cost the Nation a record $306  billion, eclipsing the previous record of $265 billion set in 2005.   If we fail to do this, if we fail to mitigate, then we will have  forsaken the lessons of Hurricanes Katrina, Sandy, Maria, and now  Florence, or the devastating wildfires of the West. For every dollar  spent in mitigating future disasters, we save between $4 and $8 in  avoided future recovery efforts. This just makes sense.   Last year, when I traveled with Majority Leader McCarthy to Puerto  Rico and to the U.S. Virgin Islands with Mr. Bishop, the chairman of  the committee, to see the aftermath of Hurricanes Maria and Irma, I saw  Americans struggling without power, access to clean water, basic health  services, or shelter over their heads.   The majority leader and I came away from that visit determined to  help these communities. Chairman Bishop joined with us. So I thank the  committee.   I want to thank Mr. DeFazio, too, who like Mr. Shuster is a  constructive, positive Member who wants to make a difference for our  country. My constituents thank him, and the country thanks him.   I come to support a bill that was fashioned by two people who wanted  to make sure that we did positive things in this House. The American  people can be proud of our work today.   