 Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the dean of  the House, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Young), the chairman  emeritus, I think, for most committees in the Congress and many other  great accomplishments for yielding time and for all the work on this  bill.   Mr. Chairman, I find this whole debate interesting in that I have  heard speaker after speaker come up on the other side of the aisle  talking about the importance of their fisheries, talking about how this  bill is going to ruin  [[Page H6072]]  resource management and sustainability of fisheries.   Mr. Chairman, I ask you to take a look at this poster right here, and  I will also spout out just a few statistics.   Between my home State of Louisiana and the dean's home State of  Alaska, I believe we have more than half of the commercial fisheries  landings in the United States, and as demonstrated here, we have more  than half of the recreational fishing in the United States.   I appreciate the concerns that are being raised, but I am not sure  whom they are representing. We represent the recreational fishers. We  have the largest commercial fishing industries in the United States.   What this bill does is this bill simply updates the science. It  allows for updated science. It allows to build upon successful  practices that have been carried out by States for coastal fisheries,  for inland fisheries, allowing for better techniques, allowing for  better science to ensure the sustainability of the fisheries.   Mr. Chairman, how rational is it that someone who represents  Louisiana--and I also want to point to the comments that my colleague  from Louisiana (Mr. Higgins) made a few minutes ago. We both represent  the coast of Louisiana. How rational is it that the two of us and the  gentleman who represents the entire State of Alaska would come out and  advocate for policies that would undermine the sustainability of  fisheries in two incredibly important industries in our State? That is  completely nonsensical.   That is why, Mr. Chairman, this bill is bipartisan. It is why we have  bipartisan support for this legislation by those who have cosponsored  it. It is why the Congressional Sportsmen's Foundation; the National  Coalition for Fishing Communities; the National Marine Manufacturers  Association; the Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partnership; the  Coastal Conservation Association, or CCA; Guy Harvey Ocean Foundation;  Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission; Center for Sport Fishing Policy;  Freezer Longline Coalition; Mississippi State Legislature; Johnny  Morris, who is the CEO of Bass Pro Shops; American Scallop Association;  Garden State Seafood Association; West Coast Seafood Processors  Association; Lund's Seafood; North Carolina Fisheries Association;  Florida Keys Commercial Fishing Association; Gulf Coast Seafood  Alliance; Southeastern Fisheries Association; and many, many others  that have a genuine stake in the sustainability of our fisheries, some  of the leaders in conservation in our fisheries, are supportive of this  legislation.   So let me say it again, Mr. Chairman, this bill improves science. It  uses updated science.   I am not going to point to the decades-long tenure of my friend, but  I think the original legislation perhaps could use some updating, and  so this updates the science, and it provides for more transparency in  the science and allows for public participation. These are all good  things that we need to be supporting.    I do appreciate the input by my friend from California on this  legislation, and I do hope that we can work together to get this to a  posture to where everyone is supportive; but I do think it is important  to refocus the fact that we are the ones who represent the majority of  this economic driver, the majority of these jobs around the country,  and they are the ones that represent these families that, for  generations, have fished recreationally and that we want to ensure can  fish for generations to come.   Mr. Chairman, I also want to thank the gentleman from Alaska for  including our Modern Fish Act, which I think helps to update some  practices where there is increased demand for recreational and  commercial fisheries and providing a little bit better balance there.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support of this important bill. It moves our  science and transparency and public participation in the right  direction. It is going to improve the sustainability of our fisheries,  the jobs associated with recreational and commercial fisheries, and the  economic activity that these sustainable fisheries support.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that a  modified amendment at the desk be considered.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment simply  authorizes a GAO study, a Government Accountability Office study, for  the purposes of evaluating how we currently manage the red snapper  species in the Gulf of Mexico and the South Atlantic.   I want to be very clear, Mr. Chairman. This amendment does not affect  any other region of the Nation. It doesn't affect any other species. It  is a unique scenario that we are facing in the Gulf of Mexico and the  South Atlantic pertaining to the red snapper.   This is a species where the increased demand from both recreational  and commercial fishers has resulted in contentious debate and  challenging situations for resource managers across the Gulf Coast and  the South Atlantic.   This amendment is designed to have the GAO perform a study that would  provide information to resource managers. We have been able to work  through EFPs for the past 2 years, but in the future we are not  guaranteed any type of solution.   When I was a child, we could fish for red snapper year-round. We are  no longer allowed to do that. We were limited by as many as 3 days-- proposed--by the Federal Government in recent years. This is designed  to provide better information, better tools for how we manage these  species moving forward in a sustainable manner.   Mr. Chairman, the modifications that I made to this amendment were a  result of discussions with Members near me right now.   As a matter of fact, someone sitting near me may or may not have  threatened to fillet me with a butter knife if I didn't change some  text in the amendment, so some of the text has been changed to reflect  the very narrow scope of this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from  Alaska (Mr. Young).    Mr. Chairman, I do appreciate the concerns  raised by the gentleman from Alaska. I am committed to working with the  gentleman and to working with my friend from California in trying to  get this amendment in a better posture. I do want to work together with  both the gentlemen to make sure that we get this done in a way that  does not cause injury to other places.   In response to my friend from California, I do want to be clear that  this is information. All this is is information that our committee,  that this Congress, would then have the option to act upon.   I don't think information in this case, on such a contentious issue,  that does have a very unclear future--we have dealt with contentious  issues and bought ourselves 2 years. Beyond that, we are going to be  right back in the same situation.   We are trying to get additional information. I want to say, in regard  to the conflict issues, in regard to the balance of commercial and  recreational, that is good feedback, and I am happy to adopt those  changes to the amendment, to include those as we work through the  process.   I will say it again. I am committed to working with the gentleman.  Mr. Chairman, I sent the gentleman the text of the amendment--the first  person I sent it to--to ensure that I had input from both sides. We did  make some modifications as a result, the changes requested by Mr.  Young, but I am committed to working together with the dean and with  the gentleman from California to perfect this as we move forward.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition, although  I don't intend to oppose the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from  Florida for bringing this issue up.   The lionfish has certainly, according to many reports, been a species  that is causing an adverse impact to red snapper. The solution that he  proposes here is a solution whereby States could submit a modified or a  new exempted fisheries permit, where they could provide for additional  access, on top of their existing allocation, to red snapper in exchange  for harvesting a certain number of lionfish species, which are  predators to the red snapper.   As folks will see, there is a lot of handwriting on this amendment.  We did sit back and make some changes to this, so there is an excellent  chance that there are some imperfections here.   Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for working with us on this. I  thank my friends from Florida and California for working with us on  this as well. It is likely that we are going to need some additional  work on this as we move forward. There are some enforcement issues;  there are science issues; and there is introduction of a new mechanism  that causes some significant concern in the form of tags, in some  cases.   But I, again, thank the gentleman from Florida for raising this  issue, for working to ensure that we continue to have access to red  snapper in the Gulf of Mexico. I look forward to working with my friend  from Florida, as well as the folks across the aisle, in perfecting this  as we move through the conference committee.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   