 Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to address the CRA  we voted to proceed to and on which we will vote for final passage  tomorrow. It is a Congressional Review Act resolution that will allow  us to repeal an ill-conceived CFPB regulation.   Let me start with just a word about the CFPB because this is an  agency that is fundamentally flawed in its design and has been so since  day one.   First, there is a single individual director. There is no bipartisan  commission. There is no board. There is no need for consensus. There is  one-man rule.   Secondly, this one individual can only be removed for cause. He is  part of the executive branch, but the Chief Executive can't fire him.  This makes no sense.   Finally, the entire CFPB--this huge regulatory agency--is subject to  no meaningful oversight. They are not dependent on Congress--the  people's representatives--for taxpayer funding. They just draw whatever  they want out of the Fed, which means the Fed has that much less to  hand over to the Treasury. An individual, rather than a commission, no  ability to remove, except for cause, and not subject to appropriation-- it is a recipe for a disaster. That is what we have had.    It is not just my opinion, by the way. A three-judge panel of the DC  Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that this structure is fundamentally  unconstitutional. I will quote briefly from their decision. They said:  ``The CFPB's [concentration of] enormous executive power in a single,  unaccountable, unchecked Director not only departs from settled  historical practice, but also poses a far greater risk of arbitrary  decision making and abuse of power, and a far greater threat to  individual liberty, than does a multi-member independent agency.''   Fortunately, we have an Acting Director at the moment who gets this.  Mick Mulvaney has testified about these very flaws in the CFPB and  suggested, as many of us have, at least some structural reforms, making  the CFPB subject to appropriations so Congress has meaningful  oversight; requiring that the major rules they pass be subject to a  legislative approval, which is Congress taking responsibility for the  action Congress delegates; giving the President the ability to hire and  fire a Director; and having an independent inspector general so we have  a watchdog.   This is the least we should do. Our colleagues on the other side have  not been willing to agree to any of them, so we have this badly flawed  agency. It shouldn't be surprising that a flawed structure leads to  badly flawed policies. That is why we are here discussing this CRA. It  is about the indirect auto lending guidance, as it is called, that the  CFPB issued some time ago.  [[Page S2209]]    Let me explain a little bit about what this is. Indirect auto  lending--what is that? Direct auto lending is what you might think. It  is when a consumer, a buyer--someone who wants to buy a car--goes to a  bank and lines up financing from the bank. That would be direct auto  financing. Indirect auto financing is when the car dealer provides the  arrangement of the financing for you. The actual financing is  ultimately performed by a lending institution, but the car dealer makes  the arrangements.   Indirect auto loans are actually very good for consumers for a  variety of reasons. No. 1, it is very convenient. You don't have to  shop around to a bunch of banks, as well as a bunch of car dealers. You  get one-stop shopping, and you have both.   No. 2, it tends to be more competition for the consumers' loan. How  many banks are you going to realistically go out and visit when you are  attempting to line up your financing? But the car dealer can routinely  canvass all the available lending options and make sure the consumer  gets the best possible deal.   Finally, as a routine matter of practice, dealers have always been  able to discount the loan as one of the negotiating provisions in a  multipart transaction. That is important to stress here. The nature of  the car-buying experience--for any of us who have done it--very  typically, there are several moving parts, several transactions. There  is the purchase price you negotiate for the vehicle you are buying and  the trade-in value for the vehicle you are parting with. There is the  value of other services you may negotiate for. It is not possible to  judge the overall economics of a transaction like this unless you know  all of the components. The interest rate you pay on the loan is but one  of several important components.   Along comes the CFPB. In December of 2013, they issued a bulletin  that is an attempt to regulate the indirect auto lending. In this, they  warned lenders of a disparate impact liability.   Let me explain briefly what this means. First of all, if lending  policy is discriminatory, it is illegal. If there is discrimination on  the basis of any protected class--and that would include race, sex,  age, gender, and other things--it is illegal. What the CFPB came along  and said is, even if the lending policy is not discriminatory--not on  its face, it is nondiscriminatory--you can still be liable for the  violation of the law if the CFPB thinks there is a protected class,  some category of people, who are paying, on average, a higher interest  rate on their loan. This is the disparate impact theory the CFPB used  in order to attempt to end the ability of auto dealers to discount  loans as part of a negotiated transaction on a car purchase.   Why is this so problematic? There are two categories. First is the  very process by which the CFPB came up with this rule. First of all, it  is actually a guidance, not a rulemaking. What does that mean? That  means they chose not to follow the law, the Administrative Procedure  Act, that requires an agency go through a very systematic and public  process of getting a lot of input and review on a proposed law,  proposed rule, before it goes into effect.   For very good reason, we require regulators to get public input, to  give experts, consumers, and people engaged in the business the  opportunity to examine the rule under consideration and provide some  feedback as to whether there might be unforeseen consequences or flaws  in it. They did none of this. The CFPB did not consult with the other  regulators, as they are required by Dodd-Frank, nor did they do a cost- benefit analysis, which is also required by Dodd-Frank. They surprised  the industry and the consumers by fundamentally reinterpreting how the  anti-discrimination legislation would be interpreted.   Why did they do this? Why did they take this approach? Why did they  circumvent the Administrative Procedure Act? It is a convenient way to  avoid scrutiny. It is a convenient way to impose one's will without  public scrutiny, without any analysis.   This is a very bad process and, not surprisingly, the outcome is  equally bad. The methodology they used to determine discrimination on  the basis of race is really amazing. Since there is no information  about the race of a borrower in financing for a vehicle, the lenders  don't know the race of the borrowers, literally. They have no idea.  Neither does the CFPB, but that didn't stop them from alleging racial  discrimination. They developed a methodology, a system, where they  attempt to guess the race of a car buyer who is financing the purchase  of a car through a loan. They tried to guess their race based on the  last name and geography. They assign a probability to a person being  African American or Hispanic or European American or whatever based on  a surname and geography.    This is a wildly flawed process, which quite predictably led to huge  errors. Independent, outside analysis has concluded that their error  rates could be as high as 40 percent. So 40 percent of the people they  would designate as African American, in fact, are not, or 40 percent of  the people they would designate as European American, in fact, are not.  It is not just that they got their guesstimate wrong about race, but  the manner in which they got it wrong led to the wrong and erroneous  conclusion. In other words, there were systemic flaws that completely  invalidated their conclusions.   Finally, and maybe in some ways most important, they willfully chose  to ignore all the other components of the transaction. They allege that  someone was adversely impacted because they paid a higher rate of  interest on a loan, but they have no idea what the purchase price on  the vehicle was. They have no idea what the trade-in was for the used  vehicle. They have no idea what other services were being offered.   This gets worse. The CFPB decided they needed to make an example of  someone so they could terrorize the industry into ending this practice  of discounting interest rates, and they found a good victim. The  Federal Government owned about 74 percent of Ally Bank at the time.  They had an application before the Fed to change their corporate  organization, which they needed to do. They needed to complete that;  otherwise, they would have to shed whole business lines. It is a long,  complicated story. Suffice it to say, Ally Bank's future existence, as  it was formed, depended on an approval from the Fed for what should  have been a routine change in corporate structure. The Fed made it  clear they weren't going to grant that change until there was a  settlement with the CFPB, so Ally Bank was over a barrel. That was  exactly what the CFPB wanted. Five days before the deadline, which  would have required Ally Bank to divest itself of whole categories of  business, the CFPB shakes them down for $100 million. Four days later,  the Fed approves the application. The CFPB found its opportunity, made  its example, and it had a chilling effect on the market.   Let me wrap this up with what we are talking about here. It is an  unaccountable, out-of-control agency that circumvented the proper  rulemaking process in order to avoid public scrutiny about what they  were trying to do. They imposed their will on an industry that the  Dodd-Frank legislation explicitly forbid them from regulating. They  developed a badly flawed methodology to allege discrimination on the  part of lenders on the basis of race, despite the fact that the lenders  didn't know the race of the borrowers. They picked a victim who  couldn't fight back. They hit the victim with a $100 million fine  without the CFPB knowing that any individual was actually unfairly  treated by Ally Bank. It didn't matter.   Who ultimately pays the price for this kind of behavior? The very  consumers the CFPB is supposed to be serving. Under this very flawed  rule of the CFPB, the goal was to effectively prevent auto dealers from  being able to discount the interest rate on a loan, being unable to  compete with a bank down the road that might be offering a lower rate,  being unable to negotiate a term that might be helpful to a borrower.   Consumers under the CFPB's rule have fewer options, less flexibility,  reduced access to credit, and higher costs. That is why Congress should  overturn this. This is our opportunity to set this right. The House  voted 332 to 96 to repeal this rule. We can do this tomorrow.   Our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have complained about  the use of a CRA in application to a guidance issue. Our Democratic  colleagues  [[Page S2210]]  themselves attempted to do this exact same thing with respect to a chip  guidance that was issued some years ago, and they were perfectly OK  with it then. I don't see why they can't be OK with it now.   It is important to note what this resolution does not do. It does not  change, in any way, the legitimate enforcement of the Equal Credit  Opportunity Act. It doesn't amend that act. It doesn't change  regulation B. The enforcement of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act would  simply continue as it had gone for 30-plus years. Discrimination in  credit providing has been illegal and will continue to be illegal when  we successfully pass this CRA.   I thank Senator Moran and Will Ruder from his staff, John Crews from  my staff. I thank Terry van Doren from Leader McConnell's staff for his  help. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this important  Congressional Review Act resolution.   I yield the floor.   