 Madam President, I thank my friend and colleague, the  senior Senator from North Carolina, for his words about Reverend Billy  Graham. I will only add a few comments.   At one level, mine are very personal. I was telling someone just  yesterday that I have two very distinct memories of times with my  father. One of them was of watching Walter Cronkite, and the other one  was of watching Billy Graham. I was talking to my mother earlier this  week, and she talked about how much my father loved Billy Graham. I  remember, vividly, sitting in front of that console TV with my father,  watching him as he preached the Word of God.   This week is amazing because I find, when one loses somebody so  precious like Reverend Graham, it is a very sad time, but in his case,  America's pastor had brought so much joy to everyone's lives that it  really is a celebration.   Earlier, Senator Burr and I had had an opportunity to offer our  condolences to the Graham family. What was remarkable was that in the  face of every one of them was, maybe, a hint of sorrow but, really,  just a fullness of joy in knowing what their father did when he was on  this Earth and now what he will do in the Kingdom of Heaven.   I think that today is a day we should all look back and ask  ourselves: Could we actually come anywhere close to living the kind of  life that this man lived? With his ministering in some 180 countries,  with over 200 million people actually attending some of his  unbelievable celebrations of the Gospel, and then his touching the  lives of hundreds of millions of people--and billions of people like me  who were watching on TV--the Graham legacy is something that is going  to live on for generations.   I am happy to be a proud Senator from the State in which he was born.  In fact, I live only about 20, 30 minutes from where he lived his early  years. I look forward to going to the funeral on Friday to celebrate  his life, to celebrate his legacy, and to celebrate the many lives that  were changed because he had brought the Word of God to them wherever  they may have been on this planet.   I thank the Presiding Officer for the opportunity to speak about  America's pastor.   To the Graham family, all of them--the sons, the daughters, the  children, the grandchildren--God bless you all. Thank you for sharing  the gift of your family member with so many people across this great  Nation and across this world.   I thank Senator Burr for his kind words. I thank him for his  leadership and for moving forward with the resolution that honors  Reverend Billy Graham's life and legacy.   I yield the floor.   