 Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear friend from Texas Seventh,   John Culberson, for hosting this Special Order. And that is a special  word, ``Special Order,'' because this is a very special lady, Barbara  Bush.   Her husband, George H.W. Bush, and Barbara Bush were not native  Texans, but they got there as fast as they could. The President  embraced Texas right off the bat. He became involved in the oil and gas  industry, black gold, Texas tea in those days. His wife, Barbara,  became the epitome of a Texas woman, a straight shooter, what you see  is what you get; black, white, no gray; family, family, family; love,  love, love.   I will share two stories about her and her husband that show how much  they loved life and what a great sense of humor they both had.   First of all, in 2000, their oldest son, George W. Bush, was elected  to become our 43rd President. Only two families in our country's  history had a woman who had a husband and a son elected to the White  House: the Adams family and the Bush family.   Remember all this controversy, hanging chads, Florida, Florida,  Florida. They persevered, and George Bush was elected our President.  Naturally, the reporters were excited. They approached our First Lady  and said:  [[Page H3697]]  ``Mrs. Bush, in your heart of hearts, your wildest dreams, did you  think one of your sons could become our President, hold the same office  that your husband had for 4 years?''   Barbara, being straight-talking Barbara, said, and I am paraphrasing:  Yes, sir. My boys watched their dad achieve the highest office in the  world. They knew what it took. It took determination, focus, friends,  faith. My sons saw that in their father. They knew what it would take,  and so, yes, I thought one of my sons could become our President.''   Of course, then she gave the coup de grace, the classic Barbara Bush.  She said: ``I have to be honest with you, though. I thought it would be  my smart son,'' meaning Jeb Bush, not George W.   That comment was done out of true love, and that is what Barbara Bush  was all about.   One other story about the President and their family. President Bush,  as he got older, loved to skydive, Bush 41. When he turned 90, he  skydived in Kennebunkport. He had pretty bad Parkinson's. He couldn't  walk. When he landed, he kind of fell over and did what is called a  face-plant.   Friends up there told me that Barbara was on our President for days  before the jump saying: ``Do not do this. You are 90 years old. Don't  jump out of a plane.''   But President Bush had said, when he turned 85, he would do it when  he was 90. He kept his word.   You see the video. Barbara came down there, hugged him, kissed him,  picked him up, loved him.   Back at the house, it wasn't quite the same. Apparently, she said  over and over: ``You old man. I told you not to jump out of a plane.  Look at your face. Your face is all cut up. Never ever do this again.  It won't happen.''    Of course, the President smiled and said, ``I love you,'' and then  moved on.   The next story about their love, their true love, came from their  photographer back home in Houston, Texas. This man has been with the  family for at least 40 years. The Bushes come in there every year for a  big camera shoot.   The photographer said: ``It is getting kind of tough. The President  has bad Parkinson's. He can no longer stand. That means for these  shots, I have to have him sit in his wheelchair.'' And he hates that  chair. If that chair pops up in a picture, he tears the picture apart.   So how does he deal with that fact of our President's attitude with  his wheelchair?   He turns to the First Lady, who is 90 years old, and works her hard.  They have to have the same height differential. He is about 6 feet  tall, she is somewhere around 5-7, 5-8. He is above her. So in the  shots with him in that chair, she has to be below him. It means she is  squatting down. She is 91 years old and squatting down for a picture,  in picture after picture.   The photographer told me, ``I moved her up to the left, had her squat  down, to the right, back, left, over and over and over,'' a true  workout for any human being, but especially a woman who is 90 years  old.   And then he started laughing and said, ``Our President and his wife  are still in love.''   How did he know that? At least 10 times during the course of that  shoot, as our First Lady walked in front of our President, she would  stop and say, ``Stop that, George. Stop that. Stop that, George.''   We all know what President Bush was doing with his beloved wife: He  was saying ``I love you'' in the way that only Naval aviators can say.   That love resulted in a marriage for 73 years. And while Barbara left  us last week, that love is still going strong.   Barbara Bush, President George H.W. Bush, and the entire Bush family,  on behalf of the 850,000 Texans I work for in Texas 22, thank you,  thank you, thank you for your example, your life, your patriotism, your  love, and your family.   The world is a better place because of Barbara Bush. God bless her.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding.   