 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here today to remember the 17 victims  who lost their lives last week in the tragic boat accident on Table  Rock Lake in Missouri.   At one time, I lived in Branson. Our home is now in Springfield,  MO. It is a community that I represented in the Congress for 14 years  before having the chance to represent them in the Senate.    Of course, the community has responded. But one of the reasons the  community has responded in the way that it has is the truly tragic loss  of life. There were 31 people on the boat that was overwhelmed by the  water. Of those 31 people, 17 died. Of the 17 that died, 9 of the  victims were members of the Coleman family from Indianapolis, IN.   Tia Coleman lost her husband, Glenn, and all three of their children.   On Saturday, Tia asked that her family members be remembered as they  were. She said that her daughter, 1-year-old Arya, was a little  fireball with 1,000 different personalities. Her 7-year-old son, Evan,  according to his mom, was a great brother who was extremely smart and  witty and loved life. Her 9-year-old son Reese, according to his mom,  was the happiest little boy and made every day worth living.   Tia's nephew, Donovan Hall, who was the other surviving member of  that family, lost his mother Angela and his brother Maxwell. Tia  described her sister-in-law Angela as a loving mother who would do  anything for her family, and 2-year-old Max loved big hugs.   Tia was laughing through her tears as she remembered her Uncle Ray as  a man who liked to laugh and have a good time.   Tia's father-in-law, Horace ``Butch'' Coleman, is being remembered in  Indianapolis as a legend in the community, having volunteered for more  than four decades as a youth football coach. He and his wife, Belinda  Coleman, were involved in the community. Belinda was described as a  loving mom, a loving grandmother, and as a leader in their church.   Tia asked that all of us keep the Coleman family in our prayers as  they adjust to this terrible tragedy.  [[Page S5239]]    Rosemarie Hamann and William Asher, from the St. Louis area, had just  celebrated Rosemarie's 68th birthday. Their friends say they loved to  dance and live life to the fullest. They both gave back to their  community through local veterans organizations.   William and Janice Bright, from Higginsville, MO, were in Branson  celebrating their 45th wedding anniversary. They are survived by their  3 children and 16 grandchildren, with another grandchild on the way,  who will never get a chance to see their grandparents.   The Smith family of Osceola, AR, is mourning the loss of 53-year-old  Steve Smith, a retired educator, and his 15-year-old son Lance. The  Smiths were very active in their church. Steve was a deacon and Lance  felt the call to the ministry at 15. He had just recently delivered his  first sermon.   Leslie Dennison from Illinois died a hero. This 64-year-old  grandmother pushed her 12-year-old granddaughter to the surface of the  water, helping save that girl's life before she was overwhelmed by the  water.   Former church pastor Bob Williams, who was driving the boat, was  remembered by the Branson mayor, Karen Best, as ``a great ambassador  for Branson'' and an active member of the community.   Certainly in the coming days we will learn more about these men and  women and children and the lives they led and the lives that were ended  tragically. We will also learn about the accident itself.   Senator McCaskill and I were both there on the day after the accident  as Federal officials arrived--the Coast Guard, responsible for  certifying equipment like the boat that sank, and the National Travel  Safety Board, which has the responsibility to investigate the accident  and tell us what happened. Senator McCaskill met with them early in the  day. I met with them exactly 24 hours after the boat sank.   As we were finished with that meeting and looking out at the placid  Table Rock Lake, it was impossible to imagine that was the same lake  that was in videos of what had happened the day before.   Certainly Senator McCaskill and I were also thinking of the first  responders, the medical staff, looking at what mental health care was  available not only for people who survived the accident but also for  the people who responded.   There were people who were on a nearby showboat, the Branson Belle,  who dove off the boat and immediately swam out to do what they could to  help the people who were trying to save their own lives. One boat dock  sent three or four different boats with basically high school guys who  are working at that boat dock in the summer. I am sure if you are a 16,  17, 18-year-old young man, you think everything is OK, but we were both  insistent that they try to have the kind of mental health counseling  they needed, along with the families and the survivors who were there,  and certainly the community, with services that reacted in the right  way.   It is unfortunate that we don't think as much as we should about the  NTSB and their efforts. One of the things that certainly they will be  looking at is their investigation of a similar accident almost 20 years  ago in Arkansas on Lake Hamilton. The questions would be, I think, Did  the Coast Guard do what they were supposed to do? Did the operators do  what they were supposed to do? Did the equipment do what it was  supposed to do? Certainly we will be looking carefully at the report to  decide what needs to happen as a result of that report. Certainly this  is an accident we wouldn't want to see happen ever again.   Since its inception, the NTSB has investigated thousands of aviation  and surface transportation accidents. They are busy right now  investigating what happened in Branson, MO. Other examples are the  Southwest Airlines engine incident in April, the autonomous vehicle  crash in Tempe, AZ, and the collision of the Amtrak train and the CSX  freight train in South Carolina. That is what they do. Its staff and  leadership are on call 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.   Unfortunately, we have had two nominees for the National  Transportation Safety Board who have been pending for consideration for  many months--one a Democrat, another a Republican. The confirmation of  those two people would ensure that the NTSB has a full board to fulfill  its critical mission.   I have been assured that we are going to move forward with those  confirmations later today. I can also assure my colleagues that Senator  McCaskill and I and Congressman Long will be closely monitoring the  investigation as we learn what happened and do what we need to do to  make sure it never happens again.   So with gratitude to the first responders, the medical staff, and the  members of the Branson community who stepped forward to assist in this  tragedy, I close my remarks and turn to Senator McCaskill for whatever  she may have to say about this event.   