 Mr. President, in a moment, I am going to talk about the  immigration debate we are going to have here.   Before I do that, though, I want to recognize that this is  Valentine's Day. I happen to be several hundred miles away from my  sweetheart, but I want to wish my wife a happy Valentine's Day. I made  her a little card. I am sure I probably just violated a rule, but I  don't think anybody can fire me. I want my wife to know I love her and  wish I was with her.   Now, Mr. President, I want to talk a little about immigration reform.  We just heard a discussion. I tell you, sometimes I think I teleport  from this Chamber to the Kennedy Center because there are more  theatrics going on here than you can find down there on any given day.   Let me give you one example of that. The whole indignant position  that the Member from New Jersey just had on ``chain migration'' and  somehow that mean Republicans came up with this term because we wanted  to make a point. Demographers came up with this term decades ago.  People on the other side of the aisle even have references to chain  migration in bills they proposed. End the theatrics. Solve this  problem.   Let's talk about the President's framework. I was presiding just  before I got up here. I heard the word ``hard-line'' used--the hard- line demand of President Trump. I don't agree with everything President  Trump has done. In fact, I said a year and a half ago--and I got  criticized for it--that when you sit down and talk border patrol and  talk homeland security, you are going to find out you don't need a  large, monolithic wall from the Pacific Ocean to the Gulf of Mexico.   After the President was elected and after he got into office, he  listened to homeland security and border patrol, and he came up with a  plan that isn't a long, monolithic wall across the southern border. It  is a strategic plan that actually lets us improve the security of the  homeland along the northern and southern borders. It is a plan that  tries to confiscate tons of drugs that are poisoning Americans in the  tens of thousands of every year. It is a plan that makes sure gang  members are more likely to be incarcerated when they cross the border  illegally and less likely to go into the very communities that many of  the people who immigrate to this country go into. It is a plan to make  those communities safer.   It is a plan to make sure we know the thousands of people that cross  the border illegally are not carrying illicit drugs in a truck or car  or a wheel well, the way they do it today, because it is using  technology to be able to search more vehicles to make sure our homeland  is safe.   It is also a plan that shows more compassion than President Obama's  DACA plan. Right now, they are saying: Let's keep DACA going. Well,  there are 690,000 people who are in DACA. Their future is  uncertain because it is an Executive order. It doesn't have the force  of law. It could possibly be challenged by the court. The President  decided on September 15 of last year, Congress do your job. You have  been talking about immigration reform for two decades. We have an  arguably illegal Executive order by President Obama that President  Trump kept in place for about a year, and then he said: I am going to  give you all 6 months to do your job and come up with something that  has enduring value.    The DACA proposal only provided the illegally present persons who  came to this country--through the decisions of an adult--some certainty  that they wouldn't be deported. It doesn't give them any certainty in  terms of a path to citizenship. People said the President has a hard- line plan. DACA allows 690,000 people who signed up for it to be here  and, hopefully, not have that decision thrown out by the courts or have  the President rescind it.   What we just heard from three or four Members on the other side of  the aisle is that the President's hard-line plan is to have nearly  three times as many people with a path to citizenship, not a piece of  paper that hopefully will be in place for the time you spend in the  United States but citizenship. So the President's hard-line plan  actually legalizes about two and a half times as many people, not to  just let them be here present, to have legal status but have a path to  citizenship. That is hard-line?   I am not sure the President was there when he was running for office,  but he listened. He recognizes he wants to be the President who gets  something done, and he is willing to accept the criticism from people  on my side of the aisle who may not support a path to citizenship. I  do, and the President does.   I find it remarkable that somebody would say a President, who has  endorsed a bill to provide a path to citizenship to 1.8 million  people--two and a half times more than President Obama provided a  temporary and passing status to--is hard-line.   Border security. Why is border security important? Is it just purely  a hard-line deportation force sending people out? No. I already talked  about, No. 1, hundreds of millions of doses of heroin, fentanyl, and  other illicit drugs come across our border every year. We simply do not  have the people, technology, and infrastructure to interdict them. Of  the $25 billion, about $18 billion of it would be spent for border  security. About 10 percent to 15 percent  [[Page S937]]  of that is on the northern border. The remainder is on the southern  border. Some of that will be spent on wall structures.   When all is said and done, less than half of the 2,300 miles will  have a wall structure. The rest will be spent on training additional  personnel. If you have ever gone to a border crossing, you know the  long lines they have there. This is actually creating technology that  has low-intensity x rays where you could drive a vehicle through. The  Border Patrol folks can identify human smugglers, human traffickers,  and drug smugglers without ever having the person get out of the car.  That is what the border security plan is focused on as well. There are  wall structures where they make sense. They don't make sense along  about half of the border.   Let me tell you about the humanitarian case for this, which I find  remarkable no one on the other side of the aisle will bring up. I went  to Texas last year. I went along the southern border. I was on the Rio  Grande, on the Border Patrol boats, on horseback, and at night I took  ATVs around. I heard a lot of stories by a lot of people, including  property owners. Over the last 20 years, 10,000 people have died trying  to cross our border on U.S. soil. We have no earthly idea how many tens  of thousands of people die just trying to get there. So 10,000 people  died over the last 20 years because we didn't know where they were.  They were on American soil, but we didn't know where they were. About  1,000 of them were children. If that is not a case for needing to know  who is crossing the border and where they are--even if they may get  deported if they don't have a legitimate claim to asylum but have this  threat to their safety--then I don't know what else is. I don't see how  border security is hard-line when you look at the facts--not the  theater but the facts.   I think that second pillar of the President's proposal is balanced.  It is less than what he originally wanted, but it makes sense, and it  shows a lot of movement on his part. Again, two and a half times the  number of people are actually getting a path to citizenship--more than  the DACA Executive order proposed--and it has border security that  makes sense and is no longer this idea of a monolithic wall.   We heard somebody say there is a dramatic cut to legal immigration;  that the promise we made to everybody who is in line because of a  family relationship is going to be broken. That is utter nonsense.  There is no proposal like that on the table. The fact is, there are  about 3.9 million people in the backlog who, if the President's  proposal is accepted, will get to this country in half the time it  takes today. There are about 3.9 million people waiting to come to this  country because of a family relationship who we have proposed--that the  President has proposed--should be able to get here sooner.   The diversity lottery is also something, I think, people have been  misled or they are trying to mislead you. I will leave it to you to  decide. The diversity lottery is not ending. This actually comes up  with a reasonable way to use those 50,000 green cards in a way that  lets us draw down the backlog sooner--instead of having somebody wait  17 years or 20 years to get into the country, maybe 8 or 9, but then it  is also with a focus on the underrepresented countries. There are many  countries in Africa--about 15,000--that we would like to make sure they  have an opportunity every year to come to this country. They are from  an underrepresented country. We have already made proposals that said  we are open to other proposals to make that be a part of how the  diversity lottery gets settled. So 50,000 will continue to come. When  we say we are ending the diversity lottery, we are not saying we will  end the entry of 50,000 people; we are talking about modernizing it.   The last time we did any major immigration bill, I was 5 years old. I  think it is about time to look at how the world has changed and maybe  open your eyes and open your hearts to a better way to do it that  benefits the person trying to come to this country and benefits our  country as a result of their entry. I think it can be a win-win.   The last thing on chain migration is, I want to go back and find  everybody who voted for bills in the past, and they voted for a bill  with legislative language in it that referred to chain migration. I am  sick of that kind of garbage on the Senate floor. That is just  misleading. Chain migration is just a process that has been used in the  past--not only by our country but other countries--to kind of link  people together.    I am absolutely sympathetic with some of the things the gentleman  from New Jersey said, but to say that this is some hateful, divisive  term is not paying a whole lot of attention to your job. I have only  been here 3 years. Many of these people who are here voted for language  that had chain migration in it, and now they are saying it is something  the hateful folks in our marketing departments created to be divisive.  That is just untrue.   Now the last thing. When we are talking about legal immigration in  this country--we immigrate about 1 million to 1.1 million people a year  to this country. I don't have a problem with that number. If I had  Members on the other side of the aisle, some of my colleagues, say,  ``Thom, we want to try to maintain that same amount of immigration over  time,'' I would say that I am open to it. Some of my colleagues I have  worked with on this bill may not be. But the way we go about doing it  needs to be modernized.   How many times have I heard that when we have a foreign national here  who graduates with an engineering degree or some degree in STEM, that  we should just staple a green card to the back of their diploma--how  many times have we heard that?--because we need high-end workers. We  need welders. We need carpenters. We need plumbers. We need people to  come to this country to fill jobs, or at some point, our economic  growth is going to be limited by the number of resources we have for  those jobs. Our unemployment is going down. The demand for the workers  is there. But we have an immigration system where about three-fourths  of everybody who comes to this country comes purely because of a family  relationship. I bet that if we dig into it, many of them actually could  qualify on the basis of merit, but right now, it is just a random  selection that doesn't really tie to our needs as a nation and for our  economic growth or for our economic security.   I believe that if we get the immigration policy right, over the next  10 years, we will be building a case to have more legal immigration  here, more than the 1 million or 1.1 million, but if we don't fix this,  we are not going to fix the underlying problem with our immigration  system.   I actually didn't plan on speaking. I just grabbed a couple of these  slides so that I could talk about it. But it is very important to me  for us to--I don't like being a part of an organization that talks a  lot and doesn't get anything done, and over the last 17 years, that is  all these folks have been doing. They say: Reelect me. I promise you  that next year, I will get immigration reform done. Next year, I will  file the Dream Act, and we will get it done.   Well, guess what. It hasn't gotten done under a Republican  administration. President Bush was sympathetic to this issue. He  couldn't get it done. Congress couldn't get it done.   President Obama comes in and says: I am going to fix immigration.  President Obama had the votes to pass ObamaCare. There was a time in  this Chamber when not a single Republican vote was necessary to pass a  bill out of here, right? So if you don't need a single Republican vote  in Congress, on the House or the Senate side, why didn't you get it  done? Because I don't think you have taken the time to construct  something that makes sense, that is compassionate, that is responsible,  and that will have the enduring value of law. So now is the time to get  it done, and the only way we are going to get it done is with  bipartisan cooperation.   If you don't like some of the elements of the President's framework  and you set a hammer to it, fold your hands, and say: If you will not  vote on mine, I will not vote on yours--look at this and tell us how we  can improve it. Tell us what we need to do to get a vote. Tell us what  we can do to moderate this. To call this a hardline bill is absurd. It  is theatrics. It is the kind of stuff that has prevented us from  getting things done for the last 17 years.   I hope people will have an honest discussion and debate. I hope  people will come down here, offer all the amendments they want to, and  I hope they  [[Page S938]]  will be mature enough, if they fail, to move on to the next one because  I, for one, want to provide certainty to the DACA population.   I say to the Presiding Officer, you know better than I because you  are in the Marine Reserves. There are 900 people serving in the  military today--that is more than a battalion, right? We have more than  900 DACA recipients serving in the military. I want to file this bill.  I want to get this bill to the President's desk and say to them:  Welcome to this country. Thank you for your service. I can't wait to go  to your ceremony where you swear the oath as an American citizen.   That is what we can do this week. But I guarantee you, anybody who  sits here and says that the President's proposal is unfair and  insincere and hardline is playing politics. It makes me wonder if some  of them would just as soon have this be the ``if you elect me next  year, I promise I will fix this problem'' campaign speech versus take  this off the table, provide them certainty, and do something different  for a change.   Finally, I started by wishing my wife a happy Valentine's Day. When I  get into these speeches--I worked in business most of my career. I  haven't been in politics very long. I get very frustrated with the lack  of production and with the lack of results. But, Sweetie, I am not mad.  I just get a little bit intense when I talk about an issue where the  solution is within reach. I am not mad. I am frustrated with the  Members of the U.S. Senate who don't see the opportunity to seize this  moment and get it done.   Mr. President, thank you for the opportunity. I probably went long,  and I apologize to anybody else who may be waiting to speak. But this  is the week to get it done. This is the Congress to get it done. This  is the President who has given us a historic opportunity. I hope we  seize the day.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   