 Ladies and gentlemen, more than 40 years ago, our  colleagues, led by Lee Hamilton, realized that our organization offered  a very unique resource to those who still serve our country in this  Capitol, on this floor, and in the United States Senate. We could bring  the institutional memory and the understanding of a Member of Congress  regarding this country's foreign policy decisions that would not be  limited or beholden to the idea of focussing on the next election. That  is the focus of our congressional study groups.   Many of us have often heard the expression, and I think it is  attributed to Arthur Vandenberg, that ``politics stops at the water's  edge.'' Unfortunately, for too many who serve in Congress, interest and  curiosity about our national policies and priorities also ends as the  waters lap our shores.   We have long felt protected by the oceans that define our hemisphere.  For some Members, that has created the luxury of a focus solely on  domestic policies. Information, real information, about our neighbors,  our allies, and the billions who live outside our Nation comes from gut  instinct or old beliefs.   FMC decided, those many decades ago now, that this is not acceptable.  We created the Congressional Study Group on Germany, which was followed  by a group focused on Japan, then one on Europe, and finally, this past  year, the Congressional Study Group on Korea, which was received with  great fanfare.   We sought to leverage the experience and networks created by former  Members to provide a nonpartisan, nonadvocacy resource for active  Members and staff in Congress. Small, informal programs on Capitol Hill  and travel opportunities bring the realities of these countries, and  our relationships with them as Americans, into relief. We also  introduce Members and staff to their peers overseas.   FMC understands that, more than anything, meeting face-to-face with  our partners overseas to face global problems and having a person-to- person, legislator-to-legislator discussion can result in a solution to  more of the challenges we face than any other factor. The bottom line  is it always comes down to personal relationships.   I would like to share a little bit about what each of our  congressional study groups have done this year and what we will do in  coming months both to advance this mutual understanding and to advance  the strategic goals of FMC.   The Congressional Study Group on Germany is, of course, our oldest  study group. This year, elections were held at a time when Germany  became even more critical to a rapidly changing Europe, and we heard a  little bit about this yesterday.   It was into this dynamic atmosphere that FMC sent several delegations  in the past year. This year, travel focused on much of the northern and  eastern portions of Germany. In October of 2017, bipartisan chiefs of  staff from offices of the House traveled to Berlin and Frankfurt.  Meeting with government officials, journalists, civil society, and  students, they learned about the challenges facing modern Germany and  the mutual challenges faced by the United States and Germany.   In April of this year, the Congressional Study Group on Germany  continued outreach to a previously underutilized part of the  congressional family: district directors. A bipartisan group of  district directors traveled with FMC to Berlin and Leipzig, learning  about lessons about workforce development revolutions sweeping through  Germany that could have immediate impacts here in the United States.   The past year, of course, was full of turmoil in the Pacific as well,  resulting in substantial Capitol Hill programming conducted by the  Congressional Study Group on Japan. As concerned about China and the  future of American trade in the region continued to mount, FMC hosted  several bipartisan discussions on the TPP-11, tariffs, and other  potential trade issues affecting the region.   Ambassadors from both Canada and Mexico spoke at a dinner for Members  of Congress about trade and the importance of multilateral trade  agreements. It was the first time that those two leaders had appeared  together, speaking to Members, at a single event.   Within the last month, more than a dozen chiefs of staff, district  directors, and State directors from the House and Senate, on a  bipartisan basis, traveled to Japan to meet with government officials,  including Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's personal speechwriter.   They had a unique opportunity to visit the Fukushima Nuclear Power  Plant, learning more about the cleanup that is occurring, and the  gratitude felt by the Japanese in the region toward America's response  to this disaster.   FMC continued the cornerstone foreign travel program of the Study  Group on Japan, sending our two co-chairs, Congresswoman Diana DeGette  and Congressman Billy Long, to Japan with a bipartisan delegation that  met with Prime Minister Abe during the Korean Summer Olympics. Members  discussed the Korean Peninsula and the continued focus on trans-Pacific  trade before visiting American servicemen and -women at the Yokosuka  Naval Base.    Our engagement with Europe during that study group has also focused  on some of the tremendous changes occurring on the continent and in the  United Kingdom. As Brexit comes closer to reality and the swing toward  rightwing politics continues its spread throughout both Eastern and  Western Europe, the Study Group on Europe focused on ensuring the  congressional family has a full understanding of the challenges facing  our allies, Russia, and all the countries in the region.   Six Members of Congress visited Switzerland toward the end of last  year, meeting with the President of the Swiss Federation and touring  several facilities in Switzerland that have created incredible job  training programs, including Nestle, whose work with apprenticeships  has become one of the gold standards in the industry.   Our outreach to Europe has also continued through the study groups'  Diplomatic Advisory Council, a group of more than three dozen Embassies  and Ambassadors who have agreed to serve as a sounding board for FMC  events, attend programming, and to open their doors to events hosted  for the congressional family. That council has been expanded in the  past year, and we will continue to work to make certain we  [[Page H5663]]  are engaging with as many nations as possible.   Finally, the Congressional Study Group on Korea was launched this  year, beginning with a very large reception on Capitol Hill attended by  more than 100 staff and Members of Congress. That rollout was followed  by the recruitment of more than two dozen Members of Congress and seven  new members of the Business Advisory Council, whose members are anxious  to support programming focused on the Korean Peninsula and its role in  Asia.   Earlier this year, a five-member team traveled to meet President Moon  and to tour Korea production facilities. The members were the first  American Government officials to travel to the region following the  historic summit at Panmunjom between the leaders of North Korea and  South Korea.   In the coming weeks and months, we will focus on creating programming  that targets not only the ``news of the day'' events, but on creating  an understanding of longer term issues that define the relationship  between the United States and our foreign allies.    Mr. Speaker, my good friend, welcome. Great to see you.   As we work to highlight and emphasize the FMC brand, a far-reaching  effort on social media will better utilize the relationships we have  developed on Capitol Hill, at Embassies, in the business communities,  and in foreign nations alongside the efforts of our former Members.   As with the rest of FMC, the future of the congressional study groups  are strong and vibrant. I look forward to watching the incredible  programming and travel opportunities that they provide to continue the  goal set by our Members and Lee Hamilton back in 1970, to truly create  an effective, bipartisan avenue for impactful legislative and knowledge  exchange between the congressional family and our friends and allies  abroad.   I appreciate the opportunity to make these remarks. It is my  understanding that we have some membership business to accomplish, and,  therefore, I will yield back to our president, Mr. Stearns from  Florida.   And again, Mr. Speaker, a real pleasure to see you again.   