 Mr. President, first let me begin by saying this: I  believe Dr. Christine Blasey Ford.   Her raw courage in coming forward will change the national culture  and discussion. She has given voice to millions of women and men who  are survivors of sexual assault, who are afraid to tell their stories,  who felt powerless. Some of these women have contacted my office with  their own stories. I have read them and they are heart-wrenching.   At its core, sexual assault is a crime of power. Dr. Ford has  confronted some of the most powerful in our Nation and told the truth.  I thank her for her courage in coming forward and for empowering other  survivors to do the same.   At this point, with so much unknown, there are serious consequences  to elevating Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court.   We the Senate need to continue our search for the truth about this  nominee, his background, and his record, and, hopefully, we can do that  in a bipartisan way.   Yet everything about the nomination process for this nominee has been  deeply flawed, from the President's outsourcing the nomination to the  Federalist Society, to the majority leader's violating his own new rule  to delay consideration of a Supreme Court nominee until after an  upcoming election, to a highly partisan lawyer's screening Judge  Kavanaugh's documents for public disclosure instead of the nonpartisan  National Archives staff, to the Judiciary chair's rush to hearings,  even though only 7 percent of Judge Kavanaugh's record is in the public  domain.   What are they trying to hide? I think we have a pretty good idea.   Finally, and most disturbing, are the President's and the majority's  inexcusable treatment of the brave women who have come forward with  allegations of sexual assault and misconduct against the nominee. The  Republican leaders claim to want to hear the allegations of sexual  assault has been nothing but a cynical show for public consumption.   The #MeToo movement forced them to open the floor to Dr. Ford, but  her testimony was never really going to matter to President Trump and  the Republican leadership. The majority leader made that clear when he  bragged to an audience of the religious right before her hearing: ``In  the very near future, Judge Kavanaugh will be on the U.S. Supreme  Court.''   Republican leaders questioned why the allegations did not come  forward sooner. Yet the reasons survivors of sexual assault often don't  come forward are well documented and well understood, and they did  everything they could to undermine getting to the truth of Dr. Ford's  allegations--from refusing to honor her request for an FBI  investigation prior to her hearing to severely limiting the Democrats'  time for questions of Judge Kavanaugh before the Senate Judiciary  Committee, to refusing to call other key witnesses, like Mark Judge,  Deborah Ramirez, and others, and to put them under oath. It is  absolutely stunning that all 11 Republicans on the committee abdicated  their responsibilities and ducked public scrutiny by bringing in a  female prosecutor to do their job and question Dr. Ford. It is just  plain political cowardice, and women in New Mexico and around the  country are watching.   Again, after hearing her testimony and reviewing the record, I  believe Dr. Ford. It is worth noting that no Republican Senator has  said she is not credible. Not a single one has said she is not  credible. The majority whip stated: ``I found no reason to find her not  credible.''   The President found her testimony ``very compelling'' and that she  was a ``very credible witness.'' Although, true to form, the President  changed political course and insulted and mocked her in front of a  laughing crowd and television cameras--yet another shameful new low for  the President's treatment of women.   Dr. Ford's testimony was all the more compelling because she was able  to expertly explain how the memory of the assault was seared in her  hippocampus by neurotransmitters that were released in response to the  attack. Her memory of her assailant is fully intact. It insults Dr.  Ford and survivors generally to say, like Republicans have, that they  believe something happened to her but that it was not Brett Kavanaugh.   Dr. Ford is not mixed up, and contrary to what the Republicans would  tell you, there is strong corroborating evidence behind her  allegations. Years before this nomination, she had told her husband, a  therapist, and friends of the attack, and her polygraph examination  supports her truthfulness. Her story even matches an entry in Judge  Kavanaugh's calendar in a number of ways, identifying the attendees she  would have no reason to know.  [[Page S6525]]    There is a narrow window in which it is possible that both Dr. Ford  and Judge Kavanaugh are telling the truth, and that is if Judge  Kavanaugh does not remember it as a result of his consumption of  alcohol that evening. Yet Judge Kavanaugh's performance during the  supplemental hearing, while loud and angry, was not convincing. You  can't find Dr. Ford's testimony credible and, at the same time, push to  put Judge Kavanaugh on the Court.   The burden of proof for a lifetime appointment to our highest Court  is not ``beyond a reasonable doubt.'' The Senate and the American  people must have a high degree of certainty that there was no sexual  assault and that the nominee didn't lie about it under oath. We have no  certainty on either count.   The supplemental hearing brought Judge Kavanaugh's overall  credibility even further into question. While he denied reports of  heavy alcohol use during high school and college, there are abundant  reports in the press and statements from many eyewitnesses to the  contrary. Numerous acquaintances, even friends, have come forward with  information that he often drank to excess during these years. His own  yearbook quotes allude to--brag about--heavy drinking and exploits with  girls. With all of these accounts of heavy drinking from an array of  different credible sources who have nothing to gain by coming forward,  it is hard to believe there is no truth to them.   Evidence of excessive drinking and inappropriate behavior as a  teenager and young adult is not disqualifying in and of itself, but  misleading Congress and the American people about it is. Most troubling  is that there was already evidence before us that Judge Kavanaugh was  not being fully truthful.   We know that when Judge Kavanaugh worked as a White House lawyer  under George W. Bush, Senate Republican Judiciary staff stole  confidential information from Democratic Senators and staff and gave  some of that stolen information to him. Under oath, Judge Kavanaugh  denied that he knew the information was stolen, but if you read the  email correspondence, it is nearly impossible to believe a  sophisticated political operative, like Brett Kavanaugh was, would not  have understood that the information had been obtained surreptitiously.    There are also valid concerns that Judge Kavanaugh, during his 2004  confirmation hearing, misrepresented his involvement with the George W.  Bush torture policy and with certain judicial nominations he handled as  White House Counsel. His sworn testimony in 2004 and in the two recent  hearings leaves me highly skeptical that Judge Kavanaugh has told the  whole truth and nothing but the truth before Congress. I cannot support  a nominee to the Supreme Court without there being a high degree of  certainty that he or she has been 100-percent honest under oath. The  integrity and reputation of the Supreme Court demand nothing less.   The rushed Judiciary hearing with Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh was  designed to appease and not to make sure the American people had all of  the facts. Senator Flake was right to stop the process and call for an  FBI investigation. He is right that this nomination is tearing the  country apart. The American people needed to know the truth. All  relevant evidence should have been gathered and put before us. Senator  Flake is a friend, and I commend him for having stood up for what he  thought was right, but an artificially limited FBI investigation will  do nothing to bring this country back together. Justice could have only  been served by having a full investigation, with the FBI being allowed  to have done its job as it knows how to do it.   With the results in of the FBI investigation, it is clear that the  President, with the Senate leadership in full support, imposed  arbitrary limits on the scope and length of the investigation. Dr. Ford  was not spoken to. Her corroborating witnesses were not contacted. Her  corroborating documents were not reviewed. There was no meaningful  inquiry as to whether Judge Kavanaugh misrepresented his past alcohol  use, which also corroborates Dr. Ford's story. Up to 40 witnesses tried  to come forward, but FBI agents did not contact or interview them.  While we can all read their statements in the newspapers, their  information will not form part of the FBI's investigation record.   There was no bipartisan briefing at which Senators could ask FBI  leaders about the adequacy of the investigation. The FBI's  investigation was not allowed to be a real investigation. Given what is  in the public record but was kept away from the FBI, it by no means  exonerates Judge Kavanaugh. Without having had a real investigation,  the cloud of credible allegations remains. The President and Republican  leaders were, simply, not on a search for the truth, only on a mad dash  to get Judge Kavanaugh confirmed at any cost to the country.   Folks, it is 2018. We are 27 years beyond Clarence Thomas' hearings.  Yet credible claims of sexual assault against a nominee to the Supreme  Court are not taken seriously by the President of the United States or  by the Republicans in the U.S. Senate. The roughshod process  orchestrated by the Senate majority and the President delegitimizes the  claims of a woman who has been subject to sexual harassment and sexual  assault, and it only serves to drive survivors underground. The  kangaroo court-type process orchestrated by the Senate majority and the  President delegitimizes the Supreme Court and will for decades to come.   During the supplemental hearing, Judge Kavanaugh showed himself as  partisan, belligerent, even paranoid, and lacking in judicial  temperament. He rudely shot back at Senators, asking them about their  drinking habits. He accused Members of the minority of misdeeds for  which he had no evidence. He blamed ``revenge'' by the Clintons for the  predicament he was in. He lacked self-control, dignity, and the  temperament of a Supreme Court Justice. His partisanship and lack of  political independence were on full display.   I have never seen a nominee to a Federal court, let alone the Supreme  Court, behave in such an injudicious manner before the Senate. Under  pressure, Judge Kavanaugh did not show himself worthy to appointment to  the highest Court.   This is not a partisan conspiracy as Judge Kavanaugh claimed. We saw  no such allegations for Judge Gorsuch's nomination--a judicial  candidate who shared a similar judicial philosophy to Judge Kavanaugh's  and who, coincidentally, went to the same high school. There were no  unsavory allegations against Judge Scalia or Judge Alito--two judges  whom most Democrats vociferously opposed based on their rightwing, pro- dark money ideology.   Elevation to the Supreme Court for a lifetime appointment is not a  right. It is a privilege. While the Republicans take great umbrage that  Judge Kavanaugh's reputation is at stake, the fact is we have before us  credible allegations of sexual assault and sexual misconduct, and  justice demands that he be called to answer to those allegations. He  should not get a pass.   I have reviewed Judge Kavanaugh's decisions, writings, speeches, all  of his testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee, and the meager  set of documents made available when he served as a White House lawyer  and as part of Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr's investigation. On  the merits, this nominee simply does not represent mainstream judicial  thought. He is on the extreme edge. The American people want a Justice  whose judicial philosophy falls within established parameters, a  Justice who is not on the far end of the ideological spectrum and who  will not put his or her personal beliefs before the text of the statute  or the constitutional provision at issue.   Even before the allegations of sexual assault and misconduct, the  American people opposed this nomination in unprecedented numbers. I,  like the American people, have no confidence that this nominee will  uphold our rights of privacy, a woman's right to choose, and each  individual's right to marry whomever he or she wants. I have no  confidence that this nominee will uphold Americans' rights to  healthcare, consumers' rights to a fair deal, or laws that protect our  environment and combat climate change.   I have no confidence that this nominee will protect minorities'  rights and the rights of Native peoples, in particular, or will uphold  voting rights, will strike down gerrymandered voting districts, which  undermine the principle of ``one person, one vote,'' or will  [[Page S6526]]  rein in dark money, which erodes our democracy, all while the Nation  faces the distinct possibility that Special Counsel Robert Mueller's  investigation will find evidence that the President or his campaign  conspired with Russia to undermine the 2016 Presidential election,  evidence that the President obstructed the Special Counsel's  investigation, or evidence of other crimes. I have absolutely no  confidence that this nomination will hold the President to account if  called to do so.    Judge Kavanaugh is on record saying that, as a matter of policy, he  believes a sitting President should be immune from criminal  investigation while in office, no matter the crime. He has refused to  tell the Senate and the American people whether he believes that, as a  matter of constitutional law, a sitting President may be investigated  and indicted.   I, for one, believe that under the Constitution, if a President  commits a crime, the rule of law still stands and that the Constitution  gives no immunity to a President who is a criminal.   This nomination will shape the course of the Supreme Court--and  American law and lives--for decades. We must have a nominee who has  been fully vetted, who does not stand credibly accused of sexual  assault, whose honesty before the Senate and the American people cannot  be questioned, whose judicial record fits within mainstream  jurisprudence, and who believes that no one--not even the President--is  above the law.   Judge Kavanaugh is not that nominee.   I yield the floor.   