 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Congressman Lamborn  for setting aside this Special Order.   We are following up National Bible Week, so as the listeners know,  National Bible Week is the week surrounding Thanksgiving.   Why is National Bible Week relevant to us today? As those of us who  look at America and see storm clouds ahead, we have got to remember  John Adams' statement: ``Our Constitution was only for a moral  religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any  other.''   We have to remember, if we are going to continue to enjoy the  benefits we have of our Constitution, we must one more time become that  moral and religious people who John Adams warned us we had to be.   One more quote from John Adams on the Bible: ``A society that adopted  the Bible as its only law book and lived according to its precepts  would be a utopia.''   So, clearly, by a moral and religious people, John Adams meant a  people who believe in the Bible.   Now, which parts of the Bible did our forefathers look at? There are  quotes all over the place from our forefathers in the Bible.   It kind of surprised me a couple of years ago when I found out that  the  [[Page H9685]]  book in the Bible that our forefathers quoted the most was Deuteronomy.  How often, when you hear somebody quote a Bible verse, do they turn to  Deuteronomy? Not very often.   Why did our forefathers turn to Deuteronomy? Because the rules and  the buildup to the founding of Israel took place in the Book of  Deuteronomy, which may have largely been by Moses himself.   And I will point out in the room that we are right now, we have a  relief of Moses. We have 30-some reliefs of various great thinkers  throughout society in this room, but whoever put together this room in  the Capitol put Moses in the head position overlooking this Chamber.   Now, I will encourage listeners out there, including clergy, as they  reflect on National Bible Week, to read a book of the Bible you usually  don't read. Read Deuteronomy. Tell your congregation about it. It  was the book that I think our forefathers felt should be read so that  we could duplicate the Jewish republic, which was soon to be founded,  because I think our forefathers wanted America to be a country blessed  by God as well.    Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Congressman Lamborn one more time  for setting aside this time on National Bible Week.   