 Mr. Speaker, again, I appreciate the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Hensarling) for allowing me this time to speak in strong  support of the TAILOR Act and for my colleague, Mr. Tipton, for  bringing this legislation forward.   I am an original cosponsor of this bill, Mr. Speaker, not just  because it is just one of these bills that you want your name on. It is  because I really believe in the concept that right-sizing  [[Page H1582]]  regulation of our community banks and credit unions is what they need  to be able to survive and succeed.   Now, I want to make something clear. The other side has argued that  if one bank wants a regulation one way and another one wants a  regulation another way, it is almost impossible. It is the regulators  that are doing the tailoring. It is the regulators, not the banks, that  would tailor the rules. And if the minority side does not trust the  regulators enough, they should not have extended all this power to them  through Dodd-Frank.   The truth is, Mr. Speaker, every time I meet with community banks and  credit unions in my district, they tell me about the excessive  regulatory compliance burdens that this one-size-fits-all regulatory  scheme has on them, and they describe it as a death by 1,000 cuts. In  other words, it is not one single regulation that makes it difficult to  do business; it is the combination of many under this one-size-fits-all  scheme. That is why this TAILOR Act is so important for the small guy   Since the financial crisis, our Nation has lost one community bank or  credit union a day.    Mr. Speaker, in Georgia, we have lost more banks than  any other State in the Nation, and, today, 52 of Georgia's 159 counties  do not have a community bank headquartered there, and we have three  counties that have no bank at all.   The TAILOR Act is simple. It is a commonsense idea, and I stand in  full support. I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this  commonsense act to right-size regulations for our small banks and  credit unions.   