 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as we all know, we are on the farm bill  this week in the Senate. I express my gratitude to Chairman Roberts and  Ranking Member Stabenow for bringing us this far.   Interestingly, in a town where differences tend to be along partisan  lines and ideological lines, the differences in the farm bill tend to  be largely regional as much as anything else, but they have done a good  job in trying to bring a fair and equitable bill to the Senate floor.  That is reflected by the near unanimous vote in committee for the bill.   The farm bill has always been important. With its being renewed every  5 years, it helps to ensure that Americans and the people who benefit  from American exports around the world enjoy access to the safest,  cheapest, most reliable food source on the planet. The farm bill  impacts many areas beyond food production. It promotes the conservation  of farmland and watersheds. Foreign food aid programs are reauthorized  as part of this bill, and we lay down the policy that affects the  management of our Nation's forests.   I am especially pleased with this year's farm bill and its impact on  my home State and the Presiding Officer's home State of Texas. Among  the most noteworthy provisions is protecting seed cotton eligibility  for the farm bill safety net. This year's bill also retains and  strengthens the Price Loss Coverage Program to help provide Texas  agricultural producers with stability through unpredictable weather and  natural disasters. Finally, the bill promotes animal health and  reauthorizes disease research programs, including a crucial one that  will help the U.S. Department of Agriculture provide research to  contain the spread of the cattle fever tick. I doubt many people have  heard of the cattle fever tick, but it is a real threat to our herds,  our beef herds, and it has the potential to wipe out cattle herds and  cause devastating financial losses.   I want to highlight three areas where I do think the bill could stand  some improvement--first, the Supplemental Nutritional Assistance  Program. There is a lot of good done in the bill for farm and  agricultural programs, but many people don't know that about 80 percent  of the money spent in the farm bill is directed to so-called nutrition  programs. So calling this a farm bill is a bit of a misnomer, since  only 20 percent of its resources deal with farm and agriculture. So we  need to consider targeted ways to ensure that tax dollars used to pay  for these nutrition programs are used wisely.   That is why I will support an amendment that expands work  requirements for those who receive SNAP benefits. It is not just for  work, but for people who are able-bodied who need to train for work or  provide community service as condition of qualifying for this welfare  benefit.   My second related amendment will authorize a pilot program to  encourage nongovernmental partners to help address food insecurity in  local communities. While I salute Chairman Roberts and Ranking Member  Stabenow for attempting to ensure the integrity of our nutrition  programs, I believe these amendments will further promote the goal we  all share.   The last one I will cosponsor with the junior Senator from Kansas,  whose leadership I would like to commend, is one that addresses the  wildfires we have had the last 2 years and the destruction these  natural disasters have provided in farm country.   I see the chairman of the Agriculture Committee on the floor, and I  yield to him if he has a question he would like to ask.    Mr. President, I appreciate the comments of the chairman  of the Agriculture Committee, and I appreciate his efforts to try to  accommodate the concerns I have raised.   Believe me, I understand this isn't his first rodeo. He has been down  this path many times trying to come up with a farm bill that can get  passed by both Houses of Congress and signed by the President of the  United States, and that is no easy task.   I would state on the work requirement for qualifying for the so- called nutrition program, I am aware of the fact that since these are  Federal dollars, many States, even though they have the authority to  impose some work or community service requirement, can waive that  rather easily, since they are not spending their  [[Page S4385]]  money; they are spending the Federal Government's money. So we are  looking for ways to perhaps strengthen that provision.   I hope we will have an opportunity to have a vote on it. My goal is  to make sure we pass a farm bill, but I do think it is important that  we demonstrate our commitment to protecting the Federal taxpayer and  imposing modest work, preparation for work, or community service  requirements on able-bodied people.   I yield to the chairman.    I appreciate the chairman's comments, and I have  confidence in him and his ability to manage this bill successfully  across the floor.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   