 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mrs. Walters from  southern California, for leading the charge tonight on yet another  example of a United States citizen being detained or arrested falsely.   At this point, 59 days into the process, no actual charge has been  brought against Michael Nguyen. Is this justice or is this some kind of  game they are playing with our citizens that isn't appreciated by our  country and, certainly as my colleague, Mr. Lowenthal, was mentioning  just a minute ago, that is something that, if it continues to happen,  we have to continue to reevaluate our relationship with Vietnam?   Now, obviously, we went through some very difficul times in the 1960s  and 1970s, but we have been building on that for a long time. We want  to build on that. We want to have those good relationships and good  trade and all of the opportunities that make our country, as well as  theirs, stronger with positive economics. But that is very difficult  when you have this kind of action going on against a United States  citizen where, in this country, we enjoy due process; we foster due  process; we encourage that.    And so for those whom we trade with, those whom we have partnerships  with, those whom we want to have relationships with, we want to not  only encourage that, but demand that, for the way our citizens are  treated.   In California, we have a very strong population of Vietnamese  immigrants and people from the region who have immigrated to our State,  including in my own district, who have been very enterprising and  become part of the community in the few decades they have been here  now. Why would we not want to continue to battle for these citizens if  they are going to travel back to Vietnam for whatever purpose: tourism,  business, or seeing relatives that maybe didn't come over to the United  States?   So we are here tonight to demand the release of Michael Nguyen as a  citizen of the United States and as a citizen of California.   Michael's family has been wondering for a long time what is going on  with their loved one. It has taken weeks to find out through some kind  of update as to what Michael's status is.   So we strongly, joining in with our bipartisan coalition of Members  here tonight, demand General Secretary Trong and the Socialist Republic  of Vietnam respect the rights of our citizens and consider again the  consequences that might come should this illegal imprisonment continue  or there be more like it in the future.   So we will continue to work together with Congresswoman Walters and  our Secretary Pompeo to ensure that Michael is returned to his family  as soon as possible because, again, he hasn't even been charged with  anything other than being a U.S. citizen in Vietnam. It is high time  that he has his rights restored and not have this be harmful to him,  his family, and our relationships.   