 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 4 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to H.R. 5682, the FIRST  STEP Act. On principle, I cannot support legislation which fails to  address the larger issue of sentencing reform, and, though this bill  makes some modest improvements in areas related to our prisons,  actually it does more harm by cementing into our system new areas of  racial biases and disadvantage that make worse a criminal justice  system desperately in need of reform.   Despite the bill's good intentions, the new incentive system for pre- release custody credits could exacerbate racial biases and, unlike  previous criminal justice efforts, is not balanced with the necessary  reforms to our Federal sentencing system. As Monday's New York Times  editorial observed: ``A partial bill could end up being worse than  nothing.''   The bill excludes large categories of inmates, based on convictions  for various offenses and on immigration status, from being eligible for  the pre-release custody incentives established by the bill.   Second, certain prisoners who are eligible to participate in the  incentive system and who successfully participate in recidivism  reduction programs would face being denied early entry to pre-release  custody if such inmates are judged to have a higher than low recidivism  risk under the new system. It would be unfair to deny these prisoners  what they have earned, and it is counterproductive for all of us to, in  effect, create a disincentive for prisoners who most need recidivism  reduction programming from engaging in it.   Third, the combination of these factors, implemented through a  problematic risk assessment tool, could operate to exacerbate racial  and socioeconomic disparities already present in the criminal justice  system. As the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the  ACLU, the NAACP, the National Immigration Law Center, and dozens of  other advocacy groups warn, ``the exclusions could . . . have a  disparate impact on racial minorities.''   I want to acknowledge the tremendous work of my colleagues on the  Judiciary Committee--Representatives Jeffries, Richmond, and Bass  particularly--for their efforts to improve the legislation. I  wholeheartedly support certain provisions in the current version of the  bill, such as expanding time credits for good behavior, banning the  shackling of women prisoners, and enhanced compassionate relief. But,  unfortunately, these good provisions do not outweigh the potentially  harmful provisions contained elsewhere in the bill.    Perhaps more importantly, it is clear that prison reform alone will  not ameliorate the crisis of mass incarceration unless we address the  principal cause of the problem--unjust sentencing laws. As former  Attorney General Eric Holder writes in today's Washington Post: ``To  reform America's prisons, we must change the laws that send people to  them in the first place. Anything less represents a failure of  leadership.''   It is unfortunate that after waiting nearly 1\1/2\ years to take up  the issue of criminal justice reform, the majority was unwilling to  subject H.R. 5682 to a single legislative hearing or even bother to  obtain a CBO score so we could understand its impact.   I also do not believe we can simply accept as a reason not to change  our sentencing laws opposition to sentencing reform by a Trump  administration that changes its legislative positions on a near daily  basis and that has already done so much to weaken and undermine the  criminal justice system. Nor do I believe more balanced reform is not  viable when Senator Chuck Grassley, the chairman of the Senate  Judiciary Committee, told us: ``For any criminal justice system  proposal to win approval in the Senate, it must include . . .  sentencing reforms.''   Although I oppose this legislation, I remain fully committed to  achieving balanced reform as part of an effort to make our criminal  justice system more just and our constituents more safe. But I do not  believe that passing this bill today would contribute to that goal. I  therefore urge an opposition vote.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr.  Ellison).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode  Island (Mr. Cicilline).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Danny K. Davis).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Bass), a member of the Judiciary Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30  seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Richmond), a member of the Judiciary Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Jeffries), a distinguished member of the Judiciary Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  [[Page H4314]]  Washington (Ms. Jayapal), a distinguished member of the Judiciary  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I have one further speaker, and then I will  be prepared to close.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms.  Jackson Lee), the distinguished ranking member of the Subcommittee on  Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30  seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close if the other side is,  and I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, in spite of the good intentions of this bill, I believe  the restrictions in the incentive system it would create with respect  to recidivism reduction programming could compound the injustices that  occur at earlier stages of the criminal justice process; that its  approval would lessen the odds of achieving sentencing reform; and  that, on balance, the negatives outweigh the positives of this bill.   A broad spectrum of dozens of civil rights and other organizations  agree and oppose this bill, including the Leadership Conference on  Civil and Human Rights, the ACLU, the NAACP, the NAACP Legal and  Education Defense Fund, the American Federation of Federal Government  Employees Council of Prison Locals, the National Immigration Law  Center, and Human Rights Watch.   For the reasons I have outlined today, I reluctantly oppose H.R. 5682  and ask that my colleagues do the same.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   