 Madam President, I rise with my colleague from North  Carolina, my colleagues in the U.S. Senate, and the American people to  honor the life of a North Carolinian, Billy Graham--a man whose life  has literally reached millions around the globe.   Reverend Graham's grace marker will be inscribed this way: ``Preacher  of the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ.''   As the son of a minister myself, I am uniquely aware of the  sacrifices and the responsibility that come with this calling. Indeed,  this is a calling that Reverend Graham fulfilled honorably and nobly,  bringing hope and comfort to millions around the globe. Reverend Graham  was someone who was shaped by his roots on a North Carolina dairy farm,  who committed his life to Jesus Christ at the age of 15, and who lived  the commitment with faithfulness for the next 84 years.   He was married for 64 years to Ruth Bell Graham and was the father of  3 daughters, 2 sons, and now 19 grandchildren. As his casket was laid  in honor in the Rotunda, all of a sudden, I realized that one of those  grandchildren was a graduate of West Point, one of my nominees, and a  soon-to-be lieutenant colonel in the U.S. Army. It was certainly good  to see him.   Reverend Graham preached to almost 215 million people in more than  185 countries and territories on 6 continents. He prayed with soldiers  on the battlefields of South Korea and Vietnam. He preached in poor  villages and at Britain's Windsor Castle, and he provided counsel to  every President from Harry Truman to Barack Obama. He also stood up for  what was right--denouncing segregation and oppression and preaching  jointly with the Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr., in the 1950s. He  lived a life of integrity and of honor.   He spoke words of comfort and hope at the National Cathedral  following the September 11 terrorist attacks, reminding America: ``God  is our refuge  [[Page S1259]]  and strength, an ever-present help in trouble.''   Reverend Graham will be deeply missed. I send my condolences to his  children, his grandchildren, and his numerous great-grandchildren. Yet  Graham himself said: ``My Home is in heaven, I am just passing through  this World.'' Today, we honor the life that he lived, his faithfulness  to the calling, and his impact on millions of individuals around the  globe.   If I may take just another moment before my colleague from North  Carolina speaks, I will read some remarks that were made by individuals  who played important roles in American history.   President Bill Clinton said: ``Some were pressuring Graham to  segregate his audiences by race but he refused.'' Clinton remarked:  ``Graham would cancel the crusade rather than preach to a segregated  audience'' because everyone deserved the chance to hear God's Word.   President Obama said this in his condolences: ``Billy Graham was a  humble servant who prayed for so many--and who, with wisdom and grace,  gave hope and guidance to generations of Americans'' and, I would say,  Americans to come.   Lastly, Martin Luther King, Jr., said: ``Had it not been for the  ministry of my good friend Dr. Billy Graham, my work in the civil  rights movement would not have been as successful as it has been.''   The country mourns the loss of Dr. Graham, but the country  understands the impact of his life--that life as a servant of God, to  preach His Word to everyone he could find, and a career of 84 years. He  exhausted the opportunities that were given to him and will proudly  affect generations that have yet to be born by the work that he did as  a disciple of our Lord Jesus Christ.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, on behalf of Senator Tillis and me, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S.J.  Res. 53, introduced earlier today.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the joint  resolution be considered read a third time and passed, the preamble be  passed, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table with no intervening action or debate.    I thank the Presiding Officer.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   