 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Tennessee for  yielding.   The previous speaker said that we really shouldn't have to do this,  and the answer is that we don't have to do this. Bill Clinton proved on  four occasions that you can balance the budget. It has only been done  five times since the end of World War II. So what we really should be  calling this legislation that is in front of us today is the ``Jesse  James Seeks Clemency Act.''   We are here because of their tax cuts: Invade Iraq, let's have a tax  cut. Invade Afghanistan, let's have a tax cut. The tax cut is the  answer to everything.   The last round, let's borrow $2.3 trillion over 10 years before the  Federal Reserve Board, by the way, has a chance to raise interest rates  three times this year, as they predicted, for the purpose of providing  a tax cut.   Oh, by the way, how about that old song, ``Don't Worry Because Tax  Cuts Pay for Themselves''? This is what we have heard here, and this is  what has put us in this predicament that we are in: $20 trillion worth  of debt.   Now, here is the caveat that they always attach to these arguments,  by the way: If there is a Democratic President, you need to balance the  budget. If there is a Republican President, you don't need to balance  the budget.   Their spending priorities are keen. It is borrowed money to provide  tax cuts for people at the very top, further concentrating wealth.   Let me give you some numbers here that I have paid a lot of attention  to over the years.   On January 19, 2001, when Bill Clinton said good-bye, we were staring  at a $5.6 trillion surplus, four balanced budgets, and record economic  growth, the greatest economic growth spurt in the history of America,  and a surplus of, again, $5.6 trillion.   So what happened? We cut taxes over the objections of many of us in  2001 by $1.3 trillion. Then we had a recession where we were losing  800,000 jobs a month.   Oh, by the way, in 2003, we came back and cut taxes again here by $1  trillion, plus the bonus. Then they decided to do a repatriation tax  holiday, and now they are here like this.   My father used to have a great line. He used to say: At least Jesse  James had enough respect to wear a mask.   This is unbelievable that they would come in with a balanced budget  amendment after what they have done repeatedly all of these years to  wreck the budgets all under the guise of, if we simply cut taxes,  everything will get better.   The reason that this deficit is ballooning is not because of an  increase in spending. Revenue as a percent of gross domestic product  remains roughly at 17 percent to 18 percent. That is the postwar norm-- except for the end of the Bush W. years when revenue as a percent of  gross domestic product went to 15 cents on the dollar because of the  tax cuts and, by the way, increased spending for Iraq and Afghanistan.   So let me remind our Republican friends of this: the priorities have  been wrong. We could have reached an accord on these issues. But today,  to do this, to bring forth a balanced budget amendment, we are going to  disturb the Constitution of the United States to maybe get them through  the next round of congressional elections, because that is all this is  about.   So the tax cuts are going to reduce revenue.   Here is the footnote that you might want to pay some attention to: 83  percent of this tax cut that they voted for--without one Democrat,  incidentally, in the House supporting it--83 percent of the benefit is  going to the top 1 percent of the wage earners in America.   Then they found time, by the way, to double the exemption on the  estate tax. So we are taking the estate tax from $11 million to $22  million.   Remember this about the estate tax: The estate tax is not a tax on  Conrad Hilton. The estate tax is a tax on Paris Hilton. My God, who  could be against that?   When you think about how this has been pursued, it is all about  concentrating more wealth at the very top for people who have said,  ``We don't need  [[Page H3177]]  it.'' There wasn't anybody beating down our doors in the top percentile  of wage earners in America saying, ``Cut my taxes.''   We could have reached an accord on the corporate rate. We could have  done some things in a bipartisan manner to address some of these issues  in making America competitive internationally. But, instead, they chose  to do what they always do: Let's starve the Federal budget, and then  say after we starve the Federal budget, ``Oh, by the way, we have got  to cut Social Security.'' Let's starve the Federal budget of revenue  and say, ``Oh, by the way, we have to cut Medicare''; and, oh, by the  way, let's starve the Federal budget and say, ``We have got to get rid  of Medicaid for people who need it.'' This is why we find ourselves  with a $20 trillion debt.   I will take the Clinton years and the Obama years compared to what  they gave us in terms of Federal revenue forecasts.    CBO accountants came back the other day and said: Let us  tell you right now what is wrong. They gave us hardcore numbers about  economic growth, and they gave us hardcore numbers about debt and  deficits.   Do you know what the answer was? Let's not believe what they have to  say. Let's not pay any attention to what they have to say because it  doesn't square with the philosophy of tax cuts paying for themselves.   So the last point is, if you voted for the tax cuts and you voted for  the omnibus spending bill on the Republican side--because I know no  Democrat voted for the tax cut--today, when you come in, you ought to  wear a mask when you cast your vote because Jesse James would be  honored.   