 Mr. President, I would like to say how glad I am to have  Senator Menendez back in the saddle as our ranking member on Foreign  Relations, and I thank him so much for his speech and for his  leadership on our very important committee.   I join my colleagues from the Foreign Relations Committee in their  critique of President Trump's handling--or maybe we would call it  mishandling--of foreign policy. I am most concerned about how U.S.  power, prestige, and diplomacy have been weakened across the world as a  direct result of this President. The United States has stood as a world  leader of liberal democracy, the rule of law, and human values since  the end of World War II. Our actions abroad have not always been  perfect, but over the decades, we have earned the world's respect  because we have acted on our principles.   After the fall of the Berlin Wall, authoritarian regimes were in  retreat. Today, authoritarianism is back on the march. The President  himself even cheers them on, praising Vladimir Putin, Xi Jinping, and  others who fashion themselves President for life of one-party,  repressive regimes.   In this President's short but raucous and chaotic tenure, he has  diminished our standing within the world community by grossly offending  other nations and their leaders, including many of our closest allies,  by abruptly changing foreign policy with no clear policy basis, and by  denigrating countries and an entire continent with comments laced with  racism. The President issues conflicting messages. World leaders and  international diplomats cannot rely on his word or his tweets. He has  plenty of criticism for our friends and allies but little for strongmen  like Vladimir Putin. The world is alarmed. It is less stable under this  Presidency.   Secretary Tillerson had disagreements with the President, and early  on, the President undercut and sidelined him. The day before Mr.  Tillerson was shown the door, the Secretary broke with the White House  by directly pointing the finger at Russia for using a chemical weapon  on the ex-British spy in his homeland, and this incident shows that the  President will not tolerate daylight between his own corrupt  [[Page S1820]]  political beliefs and the views of his lieutenants.   During confirmation hearings for Mr. Pompeo, our committee must find  out whether he will hold fast to traditional American values or bend to  the President's servility to Vladimir Putin and other autocrats around  the world.   The President's own diplomacy has been chaotic and dangerous. He has  alienated one of our closest friends and biggest trading partners--the  country of Mexico. He insists that Mexico will pay for this offensive  wall that he says is necessary to keep out rapists and criminals.   The President has imperiled our relationships with both Mexico and  Canada with his threats to tear up NAFTA, which he seems to say over  and over again. In my home State of New Mexico, border communities rely  on the integrated border, and border communities rely on the economy  that has been built up over the last 24 years. We have a trade surplus  with Mexico. NAFTA negotiations continue, but there has been a chill on  economic activity in States like New Mexico, Texas, California, and  Arizona.    The President has shaken the world with his grade-school taunts about  nuclear weapons--a deadly serious subject. He chided Secretary  Tillerson that talking to North Korea won't work, undercutting the  Secretary once again, and then suddenly agreed to meet and even  negotiate with Kim Jong Un without the careful diplomatic work needed  to ensure success. I support diplomacy as the best solution, but rash  diplomacy can easily lead to rash wars, and impulsive decisionmaking is  extremely risky.   I hope the President seriously studies the issues between now and any  meeting, brings an experienced team, and sets realistic and achievable  goals for any negotiation. He must understand that diplomatic failure  is potentially catastrophic. A war would likely result in 20,000  casualties a day in the opening week, and Secretary Mattis has warned  that there would be, in his words, ``the worst kind of fighting in  people's lifetimes.''   I do not trust this President to follow the constitutional process  required to go to war. That is why I am cosponsoring S. 2047,  prohibiting any President from launching a preemptive strike on North  Korea. Starting a war with North Korea would only undermine the  security of the United States and our regional allies and should not be  done without approval of the American people through the Congress.   The President's attitude toward Russia and Vladimir Putin complicates  our ability to gain support for our efforts overseas. Russia interfered  with our democracy and continues to interfere in the affairs of our  allies.   There is no good explanation why he has not directed our Nation's  security agencies to take all possible action in response to Russia's  interference with the 2016 election, and increasingly we see in the  special counsel's investigation how Russia is playing a bigger and  bigger part. There is no reason why this administration took so long to  begin to implement Congress's sanctions against Russia. Special Counsel  Mueller's investigation has already produced indictments against  Russians and key officials from President Trump's campaign, but the  President himself does not send the message to deter future  interference by Russia. The President's failure to fight back, his  resistance to sanctioning the Russians, and his subservience to Putin  betray the national trust.   The President's hostility toward Iran's agreement to disarm its  nuclear weapons program is mind-boggling. Director Pompeo reportedly  shares this hostility. But just last week, the commander of U.S.  Central Command, Army GEN Joseph Votel, testified before the Senate  Armed Services Committee that the Iran deal is in our national  interest. Defense Secretary Mattis and the Joint Chiefs of Staff  Chairman, Gen. Joseph Dunford, also agree. Our close allies--also  signatories to the deal--agree it is in the international community's  interests.   This is not the United States the world has come to know, rely upon,  and believe in. The President's failure to protect our national  interest weakens our position within the world community.   Morale at the State Department is suffering as our foreign policy  suffers. Any new Secretary of State must work to reverse this. This  Congress and the world have watched as the President and the Secretary  of State have hollowed out the State Department.   Highly experienced and talented Foreign Service officers have been  fired, pushed out, reassigned to menial tasks, and ignored. Many senior  diplomats have just packed up and left. Nicholas Burns and Ryan  Crocker, who served as Ambassadors in both Republican and Democratic  administrations, have warned that ``we are witnessing the most  significant departure of diplomatic talent in generations.'' On top of  retirements, the number of people who took the Foreign Service exam  dropped by more than half between 2016 and 2017. There is real concern  that this will have a lasting and negative impact long after the Trump  administration.   Director Pompeo will need to answer tough questions during  confirmation: Will he impose congressionally mandated sanctions on  Russia? What actions will be taken to counter Russia's ongoing cyber  warfare? We are on the razor's edge with North Korea. As chief  diplomat, does he support a preemptive strike against North Korea? What  will he do to avoid a disaster? Does he agree with our military leaders  about staying in the Iran denuclearization deal? Will he certify  Iranian compliance if the facts show compliance? Does he support the  President's proposal to decimate the State Department's budget? Will he  continue Secretary Tillerson's plan to decrease staff by 8 percent?  What will he do to recover agency morale, which we hear over and over  is at an alltime low? Will he stand up to this President when long-held  American values are at stake?   Director Pompeo will need to prove to the Senate that he will put the  State Department and the U.S. standing in the world back on track. Our  international partners do not view the United States as the reliable  and strong partner they had in the past. Dictatorships and harsh  regimes are emboldened by our lack of attention to free speech and  human rights.   President Ronald Reagan said at the Berlin Wall that ``the  totalitarian world produces backwardness because it does such violence  to the spirit, thwarting the human impulse to create, to enjoy, to  worship.''   Dictators now smirk and echo our President, saying ``fake news''  about any news outlet that shines a light on their indiscretions.  Leaders like Vladimir Putin are emboldened to continue to try to  undermine our democracy and sow conflict and division within the  American public.   The world is less stable without a strong, principled United States  to lead. It is imperative that the United States preserve and  strengthen its diplomatic power, not sabotage it.   With lack of leadership in the executive branch, Congress must step  up, particularly the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. As I said at  the beginning, I am so pleased that Senator Menendez is back to work  with Senator Corker to try to assert the role that Congress should be  playing in these very important issues.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   