 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am proud that today President Trump will  sign into law a piece of legislation that I fought for called the VA  MISSION Act.   This important legislation will help fix many of the problems  plaguing the VA Choice Program and will work to ensure that our Nation  keeps the promises it has made to our veterans.   This bill is badly needed.   Take Hank, for example, a Montana veteran. Last year it took him more  than 3 months to get an appointment and then another month to get the  glasses he needed. It was clear to him that the Choice Program  representatives were completely unaware of the distance issues that  Montana veterans have to deal with.   And it is not just Hank. All across Montana, we have heard about how  the VA Choice Program has consistently fallen short. It has missed the  mark. Payment delays take up to 8 months. In fact, sometimes we have  bill collectors coming after our veterans for something they should not  be responsible for.   Veterans suffer hours-long waits to talk with representatives about  claims, and veterans get the runaround on receiving the most basic  services. This is unacceptable.  [[Page S3003]]    Our veterans deserve better. That is why the bipartisan MISSION Act  is so vitally important. It helps fix many of the problems our veterans  still face as they try to access the healthcare services they need.   Rural veterans will get greater, easier, and quicker access to  healthcare. Telemedicine services will be strengthened. The oversight  of opioid prescriptions will be increased. There will be greater  accountability in how companies like Health Net manage this new  program. Finally, it will help the VA's medical professional shortage  through scholarship and loan repayment programs for medical and dental  students who commit to serving in the VA.   The problems plaguing the VA aren't just occasional news stories;  they are the daily reality for Montana veterans.   Enough is enough.   Our Nation has a lot of work to do to fulfill the promises we have  made to our veterans. The MISSION Act is an important step forward. I  am proud I have helped get this bill across the finish line and on to  President Trump's desk.   I look forward to honoring our veterans' service by standing with  President Trump today as he signs this important bill into law.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   