 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of the bill  (S. 2152) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for  assistance for victims of child pornography, and for other purposes,  and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on the Judiciary, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Committee on Energy and  Commerce, and Committee on Homeland Security be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (S. 1311) to provide assistance in abolishing  human trafficking in the United States, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on the Judiciary, the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and the  Committee on Foreign Affairs be discharged from further consideration  of the bill (S. 1312) to prioritize the fight against human trafficking  in the United States, and ask for its immediate consideration in the  House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of the bill  (H.R. 68) to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of  1968 to reauthorize the Juvenile Accountability Block Grant program,  and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the  House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.  [[Page H9391]]     Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of the bill  (H.R. 6896) to provide for the continued performance of the functions  of the United States Parole Commission, and for other purposes, and ask  for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House  adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12:30 p.m. on Tuesday, October 2,  2018.   