 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding to  me. I rise in strong support of H.R. 3170, the Small Business  Development Center Cyber Training Act. As a member of the House Small  Business Committee, we look to find solutions to problems and address  gaps in policy relating to small businesses.   H.R. 3170, which was introduced last year, is yet another example of  a tool in the toolbox for small businesses and illustrates the  important role that government can play in areas of cybersecurity,  which continues to develop and is ripe for direction and collaboration.   This is an extremely important bicameral bill. Our small-business  owners and entrepreneurs are the engines that drive people to live,  grow, and succeed in our neighborhoods. We know that our small business  community faces increasing cyber threats in our ever-changing global  economy.  [[Page H3799]]    As seen by the glaring number of cyber attacks on American businesses  in the past few years, it is critical that we work with the private  sector to ensure that these businesses are not stiffed. Many large  companies have the resources to fight these attacks by cybercriminals,  but a lot of small businesses just do not have the time, money, or  expertise.   Every day we hear about issues relating to national security and  cyber attacks. They are threats to us all. We are all a part of  cyberspace, and we have to ensure that proper safety precautions are in  place.    We know that small businesses are especially at risk as it relates to  cyber attacks; therefore, we must ensure that all small businesses have  the ability to invest in the protection needed, but we must ensure  proper coordination. I look forward to working with the chairperson and  the ranking member.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1702, the Small  Business Development Centers Improvement Act of 2018.   I want to thank my colleague, Congressman Blum of Iowa, for working  with me to help American small businesses via this critical Small  Business Development Centers bill.   The small business development centers provide assistance in  Philadelphia and nationwide to small businesses and aspiring  entrepreneurs throughout the United States and its territories. SBDCs  help entrepreneurs from Ogontz Avenue to Broad Street to realize the  dream of owning a business and help existing businesses remain  competitive in a complex, ever-changing global marketplace.   SBDCs are hosted by leading universities and State economic  development agencies and funded, in part, through a partnership with  SBA. SBA advisers provide aspiring and current small-business owners a  variety of free business counseling and low-cost training centers and  business development plans, manufacturing assistance, financial  packaging, lending assistance, exporting and importing support,  disaster recovery assistance, procurement and contracting aid, market  research help and program support, and healthcare guidance.   Mr. Speaker, last week, at the Enterprise Center Minority Business  Development Center in Philadelphia, run by an incredibly capable woman  by the name of Della Clark, I had the honor of hosting the gentlewoman  from New York, Ranking Member Velazquez, at a roundtable for women  entrepreneurs.   I want to take a moment to thank the participants, the audience, and  the community, as this is the type of collaboration necessary to ensure  that we use small businesses and the SBDCs as another tool in the  toolbox to help revitalize our city and remake it. Roundtables like  those last week in Philadelphia are where entrepreneurs can share  information, resources, and expertise, like background on small  business development centers, with those who may not be aware of them.   Access to capital is key for entrepreneurs in Philadelphia that look  to start new business ventures and expand existing ones. Economic  development, both long- and short-term, is a by-product of small  businesses receiving affordable financing to help them create jobs in  their local communities.   This is an example of small business firms utilizing other financial  programs, but this is where SBDCs are so critical because they help us  make the connection to financing that otherwise would be missing.  Traditional lending sources often ignore many communities around the  country, resulting in small business utilization of other financial  programs.   SBDCs began in 1976 with only eight participating universities. In  fiscal year 2017, 188,225 entrepreneurs now receive business  consulting, over 245,000 entrepreneurs are trained, and 14 million new  businesses were created because of SBDCs.   Sometimes small businesses will utilize traditional sources such as  their local banks, but many small bank owners will attest, sometimes  avenues are not available, and that is where the SBA can be a  lifesaver. Among the improvements we can make, we can work to make  SBDCs better through the grants, loans, and other assistance to make  SBDCs the garage of today, so that when an entrepreneur from North  Philly has a dream, guts, and moxie to walk into one, they are not  laughed at and turned away or spurned away. Let's face it: many of the  people who have that dream and inspiration are not experts at  spreadsheets, invoice management, and contract jargon.   This is a goal, as a member of this important committee, to ensure  that any American can use the SBDC as a garage, like the Steve Jobs,  Bill Gates, and Angela Riches of the world. Mr. Speaker, that is what  the American Dream is all about.   I look forward to working with my colleague, Congressman Blum, and  other members of the committee. I especially want to thank all of the  members of the committee working together because, when areas such as  North Philly, West Philly, South Philly, Narberth, Bala Cynwyd, or  Ardmore have investment and capital needs, they know where to go and  whom to ask for the SBA assistance.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, and I encourage them to vote  ``yes'' on H.R. 1702.   