 Mr. President, it is very hard, as the Presiding Officer  knows, to become an icon in television news as station owners change,  as demographics change, and as on-air personalities change. The  ``Guinness Book of World Records'' actually tracks the longest serving  television news broadcaster. In case one is curious, the current record  holder is a broadcasting legend named Don Alhart, who has been  delivering the news in Rochester, NY, for 51 years. I am happy for Mr.  Alhart, but Sally-Ann Roberts could have taken that title from him had  she not decided it was time to pass the baton.   After 41 years at WWL-TV Channel 4, in the great city of New Orleans,  Sally-Ann Roberts is embarking on a new chapter in her life. She is  retiring today. If anybody is worthy of icon status, it is Sally-Ann,  and she is absolutely humble about it. If you talk to her about her  career, she will probably turn the conversation around to you. If you  insist on talking about her career, she will always give credit to her  parents for instilling such a strong work ethic and a love for the Lord  in their children.   Ms. Roberts came to WWL-TV from Laurel, MS. She was working as the  weekend anchor in that small, wonderful town. She didn't even work  every weekend; she worked every other weekend. Talent, though, does not  stay hidden in America. A WWL-TV journalist by the name of Angela Hill,  an icon in her own right, stopped near Laurel for the night. She turned  on the television, saw Sally-Ann, and immediately told her news  director to hire Sally-Ann. Angela recognized intelligence and talent  when she saw it. Very shortly thereafter, Ms. Sally-Ann Roberts had the  city hall beat in New Orleans, and the rest, they say, is history.   For the past 26 years, Sally-Ann has anchored the morning show on  WWL-TV Channel 4 in New Orleans. She is as much a part of the morning  routine in New Orleans as eggs and beignets. Part of the reason people  feel so comfortable with Sally-Ann is her positive attitude and  pleasing personality. During cooking segments, she has been known to  sneak bites of the crispiest bacon. During stories about neglected  children--stories that would break anyone's heart--she would often tell  us that she was shedding light on the need for foster parents, always  trying to be positive.   The Presiding Officer probably knows Ms. Sally-Ann Roberts's little  sister. Her name happens to be Ms. Robin Roberts. Robin is an anchor on  ``Good Morning America.'' A few years ago, Robin was diagnosed with a  very rare blood disorder. A bone marrow transplant saved Robin  Roberts's life. Sally-Ann Roberts provided that lifesaving bone marrow.  Here is a typical story about Sally-Ann. She went through the bone  marrow collection process on a Tuesday and a Wednesday. By Thursday,  she was dressed to the nines and doing a national interview to  emphasize how quick the recovery time is. She wanted to educate America  about bone marrow donation.   Let me say again that Sally-Ann Roberts is an icon, and I don't use  that word lightly. If she had wanted, she would have probably been  anchoring the evening news before a national audience, but she loved  and still loves New Orleans, and that was where she chose to remain.   She has had an extraordinary career as a broadcast journalist. I know  she is excited about what comes next. I suspect she will spend some  time with her grandchildren. I suspect she will continue writing books  and also driving home the importance of bone marrow donation. Sally- Ann, I know, will not just put her feet up and sit. Audience members  like me are grateful she devoted such a lengthy chapter of her life to  Louisiana and to our great city of New Orleans.   God bless you, Sally-Ann Roberts. Thank you for giving so much to our  community and to our State.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   