 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. It is a  great honor to be with the gentleman here tonight, and I commend him  for his great leadership on this issue.   This really, really is a great, great bill. The Supplemental  Nutrition Assistance Program, commonly referred to as SNAP, as we all  know it, is a nationwide food assistance program that provides a  nutritional safety net for low-income families and individuals who meet  certain eligibility requirements.   Now, I think the vast majority of Americans would agree that, if you  work, you should be better off than if you don't work. Our farm bill  makes commonsense reforms to ensure that recipients of these benefits,  those who are perfectly capable of work, have a pathway to upward  mobility, can get good jobs, and ultimately can use their God-given  talents to achieve a very rewarding career. That is what this is all  about.   As we drafted this farm bill, we stayed focused on providing those  who find themselves in unfortunate circumstances the ability to lift  themselves up and the ability to succeed and contribute to society.   Another aspect of the farm bill I want to highlight is in the  nutrition title as well. It provides assistance to low-income seniors  through the Senior Farmers' Market Nutrition Program. This vital  program increases the consumption of good quality food by expanding,  developing, and aiding in the development and expansion of domestic  farmers' markets, roadside stands, and community-supported agriculture  programs.   It does so by providing seniors with coupons that can be exchanged  for eligible foods such as fruits, vegetables, honey, and fresh-cut  herbs.   Mr. Speaker, these are just a few of the commonsense reforms included  in the 2018 farm bill among many, many more. I hope that my colleagues  on both sides of the aisle will take the time to really study and  understand what these reforms will mean to our farm families, rural  America, and the upward mobility created for those individuals and  families in this country who need a helping hand.   