 Mr. Speaker, I thank my ranking member for  yielding to me. I rise in opposition to the right-to-try legislation  that would bypass the Food and Drug Administration's longstanding  review and oversight of drug treatments and endanger patients with  life-threatening diseases.   Many States have passed this right-to-try piece of legislation,  including my home State of Texas, but the States don't have the FDA.  The Federal Government has the right to be able to make sure we can  protect both constituents and consumers. My heart goes out to the loved  ones who are terminally ill and desperate for a breakthrough treatment.  I cannot support legislation that offers false hope to the terminally  ill and their families.   The FDA has a pathway whereby those in need of investigational  medications may seek to obtain them. This program is known as the  expanded access pathway, or compassionate use, and has been in the law  since 1987. Over the last decade, the FDA has a clinical hold on only  two commercial drug development programs due to adverse events  associated with compassionate use.   There are many patient advocacy groups that are opposing this  legislation. Groups such as the Alliance for Aging Research, the  American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network, American Lung  Association, the American Society of Clinical Oncology, the Cystic  Fibrosis Foundation, Defeat MSA, the Disability Rights Legal Center,  and dozens more that are committed to seeking effective treatment cures  to many diseases which are terminal, are against this bill. These  patients' rights groups seek to ensure that the medication that is  offered to individuals is safe, has been tested, and has gone  [[Page H1745]]  through the proper approval process before it is given to a patient.   The most vulnerable and terminally ill individuals deserve to have  access to safe therapies that have undergone the necessary approval  process before being given to those who can least afford to receive  unproven treatment that may do them more harm than good. In addition to  the physical harm which unproven treatments may cause, there is also  the risk of financial exploitation of terminally ill patients given  that such treatments are not covered by insurance. Manufacturers are  not required to cover the cost of investigational treatment.   The majority's decision to go around our committee's consideration  and effort to pass the bill on suspension last week exemplifies what  this legislation is trying to do, circumvent existing rules and  processes that have been created to protect Americans from hasty  decisions.   I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand up for  Americans facing serious and life-threatening diseases by opposing this  unnecessary and potentially dangerous legislation.    