 Mr. President, I am honored to follow my colleagues  here today and to be followed by my great friend and colleague, Senator  Whitehouse, who has been a wonderful partner in this effort and has  helped organize today's colloquy. I will yield to him shortly.   I think the American people are asking a commonsense question: What  is the President trying to hide? What do the Russians have on Donald  Trump?   The intelligence community unanimously says that the Russians  attacked our democracy by interfering in the 2016 election. The only  one who has any doubt about it--in fact, the only public official who  has the temerity to deny it--is the President of the United States. So  the question is, Why?   That is the elephant in this Chamber. That is the question that the  American people demand that we answer in our investigation into  obstruction of justice through the Judiciary Committee and that the  special counsel will be answering in his investigation into collusion  between the Russians and the Trump campaign, as well as subsequent  obstruction of justice.   Some of this investigation involves past events and actions by the  President and others. But, in fact, what is happening daily in real  time is evidence of obstruction of justice. It is as though we were  watching a case in court unfolding before our eyes. All we lack is the  marshalling of the evidence and the closing argument. In a subsequent  speech, I intend to go into great detail on that obstruction case.   From what we know now through the public record, there is a lot more  that the special counsel knows from his investigation, and he will be  making use of it from classified and unclassified sources.   We now know, irrefutably and undeniably, that there is a credible  case of obstruction of justice against the President of the United  States. It is credible and, in many ways, powerful and compelling.   In fact, President Trump has endeavored mightily to stop all of these  investigations into the Russian meddling in the 2016 election and his  connections to it.   Obstruction of justice is a serious crime, essentially consisting of  two elements: No. 1, to interfere with a lawful investigation and, No.  2, that interference has to be done with corrupt intent. Corrupt intent  means any improper purpose.   It doesn't matter that the President, for example, had the right to  fire Jim Comey or to say one thing or another. The question is why he  did it. There can be circumstantial evidence of that corrupt intent in  what he says and does, as well as direct quotations.   If it was to stop or influence an investigation, that is corrupt  intent, and that is enough for obstruction of justice.   My colleagues and I are here today to raise the alarm because where  we are now is that part of the President's corrupt intent, as well as  his interference with the investigation, consists of an all-out assault  on law enforcement and the intelligence community.   In some ways, it is a standard means of defense at trial: When all  else fails, attack the prosecution. I have seen it and experienced it  as a U.S. attorney myself in court. So I know it is a last resort, but  it has lasting implications for the defendant, or whoever is raising  this defense--in this case, the President of the United States. It has  huge, sweeping, enduring, horrific, and reprehensible ramifications. It  is irresponsible in a profound constitutional sense for the Commander  in Chief to be undermining our national security by attacking the FBI  and our intelligence community as institutions.   I wish to remind my colleagues of what our colleague John McCain  said.  [[Page S644]]  My colleague Senator Whitehouse prepared this poster board and will be  using it shortly. He said: ``The latest attacks against the FBI and  Department of Justice serve no American interests--no party's, no  President's, only Putin's.'' These attacks serve the Russians. They do  not serve America's national security because they are done with the  purpose to obstruct justice.   They are the latest in a series of irresponsible and reprehensible  actions that began in the first days of this administration. In January  2017, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates went to the White House to  inform White House Counsel Don McGahn that Michael Flynn had lied to  the Vice President about his relationship with the Russians and he  could, therefore, be subject to blackmail. Don McGahn immediately  briefed President Trump, but the White House failed to react in the way  that a responsible President would. Soon after it was revealed that the  FBI was doing an investigation into Russian meddling, Trump asked FBI  Director James Comey for his loyalty. In effect, he asked for a loyalty  pledge from the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigations. He  cornered Comey privately and said that he hoped Comey would let Flynn  go, referring to the FBI's investigation into Michael Flynn.   Trump called Comey and told him he wanted him to lift the cloud of  the Russian investigation over his Presidency. He then called for the  firing of Andrew McCabe, a potential corroborating witness for Comey's  conversations with Trump.   He asked Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats and CIA Director  Mike Pompeo and Mike Rogers to publicly state that he was not under  investigation. When Comey refused to bend to this pressure, he fired  Comey and misstated the reason for that firing. He lied about it,  claiming it was because of Comey's supposed handling of the Clinton  email investigation, although he later admitted in an interview with  NBC News anchor Lester Holt that the firing was ``because of this  Russia thing,'' and he bragged to Russian officials at the White House  that Comey's firing had ``taken off'' the ``great pressure'' of the  Russia investigation.    But that did not make the Russia investigation go away, because of  the appointment of Special Counsel Robert Mueller. He berated his  Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, for recusing himself from the special  counsel's investigation because he knew Sessions could have stopped it.  He berated Jeff Sessions and privately ranted about it.   Those private rants, along with other private conversations--many of  them now known to the special counsel, no doubt--are evidence that will  be produced by the special counsel.   We know that President Trump wrote a deliberately deceptive statement  for his son Donald Trump, Jr., to cover up the Trump Tower meeting and  to misstate what the purpose of that meeting was--supposedly Russian  adoptions, when, in fact, it was to obtain dirt on Hillary Clinton. He  did it when he knew he was under investigation. That is the key point.   He ordered the firing of Robert Mueller and backed down only when his  White House Counsel said he would resign. Again, the reasons that he  provided, much like the Comey letter that was a lie, the reasons for  his firing the FBI Director were pretextual. He lied about why he  wanted Mueller gone, just as he had lied about why he fired Jim Comey.   In some ways, others are tasked now, in a switch of tactics. He has  no longer threatened to fire the special counsel--at least publicly-- but he has tasked his surrogates and sycophants in Congress to attack  institutions like the FBI, the Department of Justice, and the  intelligence community, along with him. That was the purpose of the  Nunes memo--to discredit the FBI and distract from the investigation.   But if he orchestrated the writing of that memo, if he participated  in drafting it, if anyone in the White House, with his imprimatur or  direction, was involved in crafting that memo, that is evidence also of  obstruction of justice, and it will come home to haunt Devin Nunes and  the White House staff who participated and others in the Congress who  may have been involved, including the staff--all of it because he wants  to stop the investigation, all of it because he is afraid of something  that the special counsel has and that the Russians may have on him.   The fact of the matter is that no one is above the law. If the  President refuses to talk to the special counsel, he should be  subpoenaed to appear before the grand jury. If he fails to voluntarily  appear for that interview with Robert Mueller or his staff, he should  be subpoenaed before the grand jury, and he should be forced to testify  under threat of contempt. And if he invokes Executive privilege, the  outcome will be the same when it is tested in court, as it was in  United States v. Nixon.   We have seen this movie before. We know how it ends because a broad  claim of Executive privilege fails in the face of a lawful need for  evidence in an ongoing criminal investigation.   If he claims a Fifth Amendment privilege--the right against self- incrimination--it will be a powerful testimony to what he fears the  special counsel and the Russians have on him.   We are careening toward a constitutional crisis, and that is why my  colleagues in this Chamber can no longer remain silent. It is why Paul  Ryan can no longer tolerate Devin Nunes to continue with these frantic  antics to protect the President and his ongoing acts of obstruction. It  is why I hope we will adopt legislation to protect the special counsel,  sending a message to the President of the United States that he cannot  obstruct justice by firing the special counsel and precipitate a  confrontation that would match the Saturday Night Massacre during the  era of Watergate. That would throw this country into another  constitutional conflagration that would be profoundly damaging and  enduringly harmful.   This investigation is no hoax or witch hunt. It is real. It is not  about any of us or any of the President's tweets. It is about evidence  and law. It is about facts and statutes. It is about the elements of a  crime that is under investigation. The American people deserve to know  the truth, which is why we must have public hearings in the Judiciary  Committee, and we must have subpoenas for documents and witnesses. It  is why we need to move in the Judiciary Committee with special counsel  legislation that will offer protections that guarantee the American  people that they will know the truth and that the rule of law will be  protected. No one is above the rule of law.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I thank my friend and colleague Senator Whitehouse.   I yield the floor.   