 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  5649, the Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William Mulder Transition  Improvement Act.   In my time on the House Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on Economic  Opportunity, my colleagues and I heard from countless constituents,  including Active Duty and separated servicemembers about how  ineffective the Federal Government's comprehensive Transition  Assistance Program was at placing our veterans in long-term, stable  employment.   Under the leadership of Chairman Roe and Subcommittee Chairman  Arrington, the subcommittee held a number of roundtables, hearings,  meetings to receive feedback from all the stakeholders. We heard from  DOD, the Department of Labor, Veterans Affairs, community providers  and, of course, veterans themselves.   One section of this bill that I would like to highlight and thank  Chairman Arrington for including is section 203, which is bill language  I introduced last year called the Veterans Armed for Success Act.    This section makes grants available to organizations that provide  servicemembers transition assistance of their knowledge, skills, and  abilities to private industry through such means as resume building and  interview training, and it is mirrored off an organization called  Operation New Uniform that does just that in my district in Florida.  This group has a 97 percent success rate in placing veterans in long- term employment.   As we learned through the information gathering process, a successful  transition often relies on the community supporting our veterans and  connecting with the resources that they need. We should help this and  other similar organizations around the country use this model to help  our veterans succeed.   I strongly commend Chairman Roe, Chairman Arrington, Ranking Member  Walz, and all the members of the committee for their incredible work on  this important piece of legislation. You all, along with the committee  staff and other groups that worked so hard on this, should be proud of  the real world impact that this legislation will have.   As I now serve as a member of the House Appropriations Subcommittee  on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, I look forward to  building on this important work with my colleagues to ensure our  veterans are set up to succeed.   