 Mr. Speaker, the first observation I would make is:  When I was raised by my parents, I was taught not to whine and not to  blame others for problems that arose, but, rather, to work hard to  solve them.   I think it is long past time for people in this body to blame people  in another body for the collective inability of the Congress of the  United States to make a decision about something so important as the  budget of the United States of America.   It is a leadership issue for the Democratic leadership and the  Republican leadership of the House to come to an agreement to overturn  the caps of the Budget Control Act. It is time for the Democratic and  Republican leadership of the Senate to do the same and for those two  bodies to come to an agreement collectively to meet our constitutional  responsibilities.   A few days ago, I was on this floor and said that we were confronted  with a number problem. That is, what is our total spending for this  fiscal year? We are in the 129th day of it for the Department of  Defense. What is the total budget number for all of our domestic  spending so that we can have a strong and vibrant economy and people?   We still have a number problem. For the sake of the country, for the  sake of  [[Page H891]]  this institution, for the sake of our committee and the good work that  Chairman Frelinghuysen, Mrs. Lowey, and the members of our committee  have done repeatedly, please let us have some leadership.   Lewis Carroll wrote ``Through the Looking Glass,'' and there was an  interchange in that story:   `` `Well, in our country,' said Alice, still panting a little, `you'd  generally get to somewhere else--if you ran very fast for a long time,  as we've been doing.' ''   `` `A slow sort of country!' said the Queen. `Now, here, you see, it  takes all the running you can do, to keep in the same place.' ''   In September, we did the first CR to December 8 because it was going  to be different then, but we are in the same place. Then we did a CR  for December 22 because it was going to be different then, but we are  in the same place. Then we did a CR for January 19 because it was going  to be different and a new year, but we are in the same place.   Today, we have February 8 because it was going to be different on  February 8, and now it is going to be the fifth time we have done a  continuing resolution to March 23 because it is going to be different  next month. That is fine.   We did our Defense Appropriations bill. We did it in July; then we  did it in September; then we did it in December; then we did it in  February--four times between CRs, repeatedly doing the same Defense  Appropriations bill. We have done it nine times. If we go through this  sequence one more time, Mr. Speaker, I am not going to be able to keep  track of my numbers anymore.   This is a numbers problem, and I would conclude by noting that I, for  one, did not vote for the Budget Control Act, and I would note that an  independently elected Congress set it aside for 2 years because they  knew a mistake had been made. Then a subsequently elected Congress did  away with the Budget Control Act because they had a 2-year deal because  they knew they had made a mistake.   There are negotiations--apparently taking place as we meet here  today--to set it aside for another 2 years because they know we made a  mistake within our legislation, because Chairman Frelinghuysen, Mrs.  Lowey, my chairwoman, Ms. Granger, and I, everybody has been honest. We  are going to set aside sequestration because we need to spend  additional moneys on defense.   How many times does Congress have to hit its head with a hammer to  not fix this problem permanently? Three different independently elected  Congresses have overturned a really rotten bill, and we are still in  the same place. It is time to stop for the sake of this country.   Give the chairman, give the ranking member, give the committees in  both Houses numbers so we can complete our bills. The last time I  looked, every department of this country has completed their work on  fiscal year 2019, are going to present us with their budgets next week,  and they don't know what we are doing this year.   Mr. Speaker, this is unbecoming of a great nation.   