 Mr. Speaker, our previous Tax Code was ineffective and  outdated. For too long, Americans' history of entrepreneurs and  aspiring job creators has been in jeopardy.   The United States now ranks 12th worldwide in business openings. For  the first time in 35 years, American business closures outnumbered  business openings--the first time in 35 years. That means jobs were  vanishing faster than they were being created.   For decades, our country's families have been burdened by countless  hours of paperwork just putting taxes together, confusing tax rules  that you needed an accountant or a lawyer to look at, and unsustainable  rates that cut into everyday hardworking paychecks.   The Code also did little to encourage U.S. companies to invest right  here. Instead, it was only successful in creating new loopholes,  exemptions, and disincentives that pushed more profits and jobs  overseas. The Tax Code just wasn't working. That is why I was proud to  have supported and coauthored H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which  tackled each of these separate issues in ways to support American  families and U.S. job growth.   In the midst of all the rhetoric around here, the partisanship, the  Washington spin outside of this building, it is important that we don't  lose sight of who actually won in this. It is the people in my  district. People in places all across the country. It is Americans who  won by changing the Tax Code.   This bill will allow businesses to grow, to continue to give bonuses  and raises. Small businesses will now have the flexibility to make new  hires and investments, thanks to the new 20 percent deduction for  qualified pass-through companies. It is a deduction to make sure we are  hiring new people.   They will also be able to immediately write off the full cost of  purchases of new and used equipment, making their goals to expand  operations a reality. This gives them the opportunity to take the money  that they are making, the profits that they are making to go out and  buy new equipment, buy new supplies, and be able to hire more people  and bring them into their company.   The bill is also good for agriculture. That is my district's biggest  economic driver. It repealed the harmful estate tax and includes  supportive export provisions that help our local farmers compete and  sell their crops on the national market.   The bill is good for our communities. It creates a new pathway for  investments to flow directly into lower income areas. These newly  designated opportunity zones will receive the necessary capital  infusion to jump-start their economies and support our local residents.   Most importantly, the bill is good for individuals and families. It  cuts rates across the board and doubles the standard deduction. It also  bolsters the value of the child tax credit.   Now, a lot of people have asked me: What is the standard deduction?  Most people just take all of their information for the year and they  give to it their accountant or they put it into the  [[Page H3089]]  system and try to understand the old Tax Code.   The standard deduction was something that most people in my district  did before, but by doubling it, 94 percent of the people in my district  will now utilize the standard deduction. This affects everybody.   Other commonsense provisions, like the earned income tax credit,  adoption tax credit, charitable deductions, and retirement savings  options are all preserved under the bill. That ensures that families  can keep more of their own money.   Now, since this bill passed, being home in the district, I have been  to the bank and talked to people. In the grocery store, people have  come up to me and told me what a difference this has made in their  paycheck--$50 a week, $100 a paycheck, $200 a month. It is real money  adding up to the people in my district.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have supported this bill for the expansion  it is going to enable in our businesses, for the new jobs it is going  to create, and for the people who are going to see it in their  paychecks every paycheck.   I recently did a roundtable. We called in businesses and tax  accountants and experts on the Tax Code, all together, not only to look  at what this new bill has done, but specifically how we would see job  growth in our community. Time and time again, I heard from businesses  independently owned that talked about the expansion that they are going  to see.   We will see a great expansion in growth across this country: seeing  money that was invested overseas coming back and reinvested here,  markets that we have lost that will now be coming back. Manufacturing,  building things again, that is what this bill is all about, supporting  American families and the pursuit of the American Dream.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have supported the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.   