 Mr. President, I ask that my amendments Nos. 4097 and  4098 be made pending and reported by number.  [[Page S7564]]     Mr. President, I understand there will be 2 minutes of  debate on amendment No. 4097.    On amendment No. 4097, I will not ask for a recorded  vote. I understand opposition is enough to defeat it. I want to simply  say, though, that the geopolitical realities here are, if we withdraw  our support for the coalition in the Arabian Peninsula, the fight is  not going to stop. Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are not  going to allow Iran to supply a rebel insurgency with missiles and UAVs  and boats that can reach their citizens.   I suggest we should try to do everything we can to minimize civilian  casualties. That is why this amendment simply says: The United States  can provide information and material that would minimize civilian  casualty and that would help those nations adhere to the law of armed  conflict.   I regret that this amendment will not pass, but I think it will be a  wise course of action for U.S. policy.   I yield the remainder of my time.    Mr. President, my last amendment was about the law of  armed conflict and citizens of foreign nations. This amendment is about  our citizens and our troops.   The Houthi rebels have fired more than 100 missiles into the Arabian  Peninsula, into the Red Sea, and into the Gulf of Aden. They have used  armed, unmanned aerial vehicles and boats to attack in international  waters. They have supported terrorist attacks. All of these things can  range coastguardsmen, sailors, airmen, soldiers, marines, and hundreds  of thousands of U.S. citizens we have in the region.   My amendment will simply say that U.S. forces can engage in force  protection of our own troops and our own citizens in the region. I hope  we can agree that our Armed Forces should be able to take action in  self-defense of themselves and our citizens in the region.   I yield back my time.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   