 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Green. I have had the pleasure  of serving with Mr. Green for about 12 years now, and he has been an  incredible colleague. One thing I can say about Mr. Green: He is good  for his word. When he says he is going to provide something and produce  something, he does. So I appreciate the gentleman's friendship and  collegiality.   Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of H.R. 6140, the Advanced  Nuclear Fuel Availability Act. Every day, we are seeing the devastating  effects of climate change, like the deadly wildfires we just had in  California; severe flooding around the world; and our Nation's  persistent asthma rates, which continue to threaten public health.   The Federal Government has the responsibility to address climate  change by investing in proactive measures to combat this prevailing  threat. We need a diverse--and I repeat, diverse--energy mix, including  nuclear power, which already generates 60 percent of our Nation's zero- emissions electricity.   H.R. 6140 is the future of nuclear technology. It creates a pathway  for tomorrow's nuclear reactors so that we will be able to confront the  realities of climate change.   This bill directs the Department of Energy to conduct studies,  authorizes the Department of Energy to acquire materials, and requires  the DOE to develop a schedule to recover these costs.   The availability of high-assay low-enriched uranium is critical to  these efforts. Federal investments and protocols regarding the  transportation, fuel fabrication, and enrichment to effectively bring  this fuel to market are encouraging.   This bill updates the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's policies and  addresses the development of a robust regulatory regime, the options  for requiring this type of uranium, and the preparation of the  infrastructure required for this fuel.   As we look to the future, small modular reactors, or SMRs, as they  are referred to, will be useful in a variety of settings, from  microgrids to rural areas. And this type of fuel needs to be available  by the time SMRs come to the market.  [[Page H10043]]    The consortium that is formed here is the type of partnership that  will be useful in kick-starting this technology and then turning it  over to let industry take the reins.   I thank my partners on this bill--Mr. Flores, Mr. Upton, Mr. Walden,  and Mr. Pallone--for their leadership on this issue, and I thank our  staffs for their work on this critical legislation.   Mr. Speaker, finally, I thank my friend and colleague Mr. Green,  again, who is retiring this year. He has been a champion for  bipartisanship and compromise, and an advocate for sound policy in this  Chamber. He will be missed. I will also miss the Speaker who is sitting  in the Chair right now.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6140.   