 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Oregon  for yielding me this time. I agree with my colleague.  [[Page H7655]]    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this legislation, not because of  the policy initiatives underlying these bills, but because of how  fiscally irresponsible it is being done.   This week, out of the Ways and Means Committee, we have 10 bills to  be debated and voted on on the House floor, at a total cost of roughly  $90 billion. There was no effort made to try to find an offset or a  pay-for in order to maintain some fiscal discipline in this place. That  is problematic, because we keep digging the hole deeper.   But my name is on a few of these bills. Yesterday we had the repeal  of the medical device tax, legislation that I had authored with my  friend from Minnesota, Erik Paulsen. But that came at a cost of $20  billion. No offset. No pay-for. Just borrow more money from China and  let future generations wrestle with it.   But it made sense policy-wise to try to repeal that in a fiscally  responsible manner, because we were taxing these manufacturers whether  they were making a profit or not. In fact, the pre-revenue companies  were getting hit by the same tax. Policy-wise, it didn't make a lot of  sense.   Today, I was happy to introduce legislation from our friend and  colleague, Ms. Jenkins, on the Restoring Access to Medication Act. This  will make it easier for patients to purchase over-the-counter medicine  with their HSA and FSA account money without having to first run to  their doctor to get a prescription. Just for the sake of efficiency and  the cost savings, policy-wise, that makes sense; but the legislation  comes with a cost, and there was no effort to pay for that.   Also part of this package is legislation I have introduced with our  colleague, Mr. Smith, called the Personal Health Investment Today Act,  or the PHIT Act. This would allow HSA and FSA dollars to be used for  physical exercise, for gym memberships, so that we are investing in the  front end of wellness and keeping people healthy in their lives rather  than the hundreds of billions of dollars we spend at the back end  dealing with chronic disease management.   Policy-wise that makes sense, but the legislation, again, comes with  a cost. No attempt to pay for it. I think that is fiscally  irresponsible.   At the time when we worked on and passed the Affordable Care Act,  President Obama had one major request, that all of it had to be paid  for, all of it had to be offset. We worked hard to accomplish it, and,  in fact, we did, and then some. We did not add one nickel to our budget  deficit or to future budget debt forecasts because of how we dealt with  that in a fiscally responsible manner.   All we are asking is that our colleagues on the other side who are in  charge now and running this place try to practice some semblance of  that fiscal discipline that we showed with the passage of the  Affordable Care Act.   We ought to be working together, finding out what is working with the  healthcare system and fixing what isn't.   What is not working is the elimination of cost-sharing reduction  payments that help health insurance providers spread the risk in the  health insurance exchanges. That is one of the reasons why premiums are  being driven up right now.    What is not working is refusing to provide funding to the navigators,  who help people make the choices with the health plans that they have  available, or undercutting funding for any education outreach with  patients, or the elimination of the individual responsibility component  so that young and healthy people don't get to sit around and wait until  they get sick or injured and then go out and acquire health insurance.  That is not how insurance markets work.   What also doesn't work is an administration that is trying to  undermine the protections that are in place under the Affordable Care  Act for people with preexisting conditions. There is a lawsuit pending  right now. This administration should be defending that preexisting  condition exclusion, and they are refusing to do so. That will  implicate millions of lives throughout our country.   There is a lot that we can and should be working on together to  improve the healthcare system, to reduce healthcare costs for all  Americans. This approach, this piecemeal approach, while policy-wise  there is a lot of justification and explanation for what is happening,  is being done in a very fiscally irresponsible manner, just piling on  the debt.    Mr. Speaker, this comes, by the way, on the heels, in this  session of Congress, of the passage of a major tax cut last year that  will add over $2 trillion to our national debt over the next 10 years  because, again, there was no attempt to pay for it. It comes on the  heels of the passage of a 2-year budget that will increase spending by  over half a trillion dollars, none of it paid for, none of it offset.   Just yesterday, President Trump just announced a $12 billion subsidy  bailout program for our family farmers because of the adverse effects  that they are feeling due to his tariffs. And that is going to be  borrowed money from China, again, to pay our farmers because they can't  now sell their product--guess where--into the Chinese market.   How crazy is this? I hope we are not in an era now where budget  deficits and debt only matters when there is a Democrat in the White  House. Over the last year and a half, that certainly seems to be the  case in this Congress.   