 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman very much for helping  bring this very important bill to the floor. I also thank Chairman  Rob  Bishop from Utah, who also was very instrumental in bringing this bill  to the floor. In addition to that, I thank all of the staff members of  the Natural Resources Committee here in the House for all their great  work. This is so important to our State.   Mr. Speaker, the great State of Maine is called Vacationland. Now, we  have a population of just 1.3 million hardy souls in Maine. However,  every year, our population swells to about 40 million vacationers from  all over the world. We have such stunning natural beauty in Maine in a  pristine natural environment in all these welcoming small towns that it  is no wonder that people flock to Maine.   Now, right smack in the middle of midcoast Maine is our crown jewel  called Acadia National Park, and we just love Acadia National Park in  Maine. We are so proud of this. If you happen to vacation in Maine--if  you haven't, you and your family deserve a vacation to Maine. If you  drive up to Cadillac Mountain, you see this panoramic view of Penobscot  Bay, and coming out of those sparkling waters of the Atlantic are these  green-topped islands. You might rent a bike and go to these terrific,  groomed historic carriage trails that wind through the woods of Acadia.  Take your kids down to Sand Beach, right in Acadia National Park, and  when their toes hit that ice-cold water, they shriek with joy. This is  Maine. We are very proud of Acadia National Park.   Mr. Speaker, I do have to say that a couple of years ago,  unfortunately, Acadia National Park expanded beyond its boundaries.  This is because there was conflict in a couple laws that date back  quite some time. Now, I am very happy that my bill that I worked on  with great help from my fellow Member of Congress, Congresswoman  Chellie Pingree from the First District, clarifies this boundary for  Acadia National Park. It also closed a few loopholes but still allows  the boundaries to be adjusted in very minor ways with abutting pieces  of property.   Now, I made it clear, Mr. Speaker, that I would not sign on to this  boundary clarification issue until one more thing is done, and that is  to protect the livelihoods of hundreds and hundreds of hardworking  Mainers who harvest bloodworms, sandworms, clams, and periwinkles along  the mud flats around Acadia National Park.   Now, those folks who visit Maine from Utah or Kansas and spend a lot  of money to come up and vacation in Maine expect to see the great ocean  in front of them, Mr. Speaker. But because the Moon revolves around the  Earth and the gravitational pull of the Moon causes one of the unique  things in Maine, we have big tides. So if you are vacationing in Maine  and you find out when you wake up in the morning the water is gone,  don't worry about it. Six hours later, it will come back.   Now, the ebb and the flow of the tides in Maine along the coastline  create what we call the intertidal zone. It is a zone between the high  watermark and the low watermark.   Now, in the State of Maine, we are very clear that this land is owned  by the people of Maine, not by the Federal Government. So I was alarmed  a couple of years ago when some of the people called me up and said:  Mr. Poliquin, we worked an entire tide, and someone from Acadia  National Park didn't understand the rules and asked us to turn over our  bucket.   Now, we have hundreds and hundreds of families that rely on  harvesting in the intertidal zone, and we have to make sure that we  have corrected this problem.    Now, this is a clear example of what we call the public  trust doctrine. This common-law document, which we adopted from the  British ancestors, gives public access to this land between high and  low waterlines for the purpose of ``fishing, fowling, and navigation.''   Now, unlike some States, Mr. Speaker, some property owners in Maine  own to the low watermark of the tidal range, so this doctrine is  incredibly important for the public to have access to our flats for  these purposes.   This bill that we are passing today codifies the unique ownership and  public access rights of Maine fishermen on the intertidal who have  worked on this for hundreds of years. Traditional harvesting is meant  to include the harvesting of clams and worms, which are harvested by  hand with a rake at low tide, and the collection of periwinkles. It  also includes accessing intertidal areas by boat at all tides for the  purpose of harvesting these species.   Now, to be clear, the intent of this bill is for ``traditional  harvesting.'' By doing so, this will ensure that our wormers, clammers,  and others who live in the area will continue to be able to do what  they have been doing for many, many years.   Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate again Chellie Pingree, my  compatriot from the First District who did a great job on this, our  staffs, and the staff of the Natural Resources Committee. We extended  ourselves, Mr. Speaker, in a bipartisan way to all the stakeholders in  the area, including the Acadia Advisory Commission, the Maine Marine  Worm Harvesters, the Maine Clammers Association, the National Park  Service, the Friends of Acadia, and all those who want to make this  right for the boundary of Acadia National Park forever to be cemented  in law.    At the same time, we protect the livelihood of some of the hardest  working people you will ever find in this country, Mr. Speaker. These  individuals will rake and dig for these worms in the summertime, in the  hot weather, and in the wintertime when the snow is blowing sideways.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage everybody to vote for this bill.   