 Madam President, I know I was supposed to speak next, but  I know the distinguished Senator from Missouri has a unanimous consent  request, so I yield to him.    Madam President, without losing my right to the floor, I  yield to the distinguished Senator from Minnesota for remarks on the  matter we just moved.    Madam President, I commend my two friends, the Senator  from Missouri and the Senator from Minnesota, for what they have done.   I am going to speak briefly about S.J. Res. 54. It would remove U.S.  Armed Forces from hostilities either in or affecting the country of  Yemen--except those forces engaged in operations directed at al-Qaeda  or associated forces--unless and until a declaration of war or specific  authorization for such use of U.S. Armed Forces has been enacted.   I commend my distinguished friend from Vermont, Senator Sanders, for  the leadership and perseverance he has shown on this issue. He has  rightly insisted that the Congress, which alone has the power to  declare war, act in response to the humanitarian catastrophe in Yemen-- a catastrophe, we have to acknowledge, that the United States shares  responsibility for causing as a result of our support for the Saudi  military.   The Saudi military, by any objective measure, is guilty of war crimes  in Yemen, and it is long past time for us to say: enough.   International outrage over this issue has been building steadily as  the number of civilian casualties in Yemen--one of the world's poorest  countries--has swollen into the thousands as a result of Saudi Arabia's  intervention and ongoing aerial bombardment. We have all seen the  photographs of the dead and the dying, of children who are nothing but  skin and bones. Some  [[Page S7549]]  85,000 children have starved to death--85,000 children--and another 13  million Yemenis civilians are at risk of starvation, according to the  United Nations.   Of course, the Houthis and the Iranians who support them share the  blame for the death and destruction in Yemen, but we are not supporting  them. We are not sharing intelligence with the Houthis and the Iranians  or providing targeting assistance. We are not selling them weapons.  That is what we are doing for the Saudis.   This joint resolution is about more than that. As if the kidnapping  of the Lebanese Prime Minister Hariri, the blockade of Qatar, the  imprisonment of Saudi women's rights activists, and the carnage in  Yemen were not enough, the outrage toward Saudi Crown Prince Muhammad  bin Salman finally boiled over with the horrific, premeditated murder  of Jamal Khashoggi--a respected journalist who dared to criticize the  royal family. Mr. Khashoggi's murder by Saudi Government agents at the  Saudi consulate in Istanbul and the blatant lies by top officials in  Saudi Arabia who tried to cover it up exposed the depth of the  depravity of the Saudi royal family.   I have spoken about that despicable crime multiple times already so I  will not repeat what I have said, but we know the Saudi royal family is  still lying about who was involved. We also know that since long before  murdering Mr. Khashoggi, the Saudi Government has had a sordid history  of abducting, imprisoning, and executing dissidents and others after  sham trials that violate international law.   The vote today on S.J. Res. 54 is the Senate's first response to the  Saudi royal family and to the Trump administration. The disaster in  Yemen is so appalling, and the murder of Jamal Khashoggi was so wicked,  so repulsive, that no amount of money, no amount of oil, and no amount  of lies can obscure it.   The Trump administration lobbied hard against this resolution,  warning that despite the Saudi royal family's many misdeeds, the U.S.- Saudi relationship is too important to risk. No one is seeking to sever  relations with Saudi Arabia. Far more important is that the United  States, which is a great country, stands for the truth, for justice,  for the laws of war, and that we don't stand by when a whole society of  impoverished, innocent people is being destroyed or when top officials  of another government--whether ally or adversary--conspire to murder a  journalist or dissident and lie about it.   We have to make clear, the United States is not for sale, our  integrity is not for sale. If the Saudi royal family hopes to salvage  its tattered reputation and its relations with the United States, it  will need to take far more decisive action to end the war in Yemen and  bring to justice all those responsible, at the highest level, for  murdering Jamal Khashoggi.   Mr. President, my distinguished colleague and dear friend is here to  seek the floor, and I yield the floor.   