 Mr. Chairman, America's farm families have had to weather  a 5-year recession with depressed prices resulting in a 52-percent drop  in net farm income. Two-thirds of our farming operations today are in  economic trouble, and chapter 12 bankruptcies have risen by 33 percent  in just 2 years. So it is no secret that our Nation's farmers and  ranchers are struggling.   I hear all this talk during the past month about a free market, how  everything would be so much better without farm programs. ``We want a  complete, total free market,'' they say. From an intellectual and  philosophical standpoint, I would love that. We all would. But here is  the problem: that isn't the real world.   There is no free market when you have countries all around the world  subsidizing their agriculture production to the hilt. For example,  Communist China agreed to a subsidy limit as part of their accession to  the WTO in 2001. But what do they do? They exceed that subsidy limit by  $100 billion on just three crops alone in 1 year. That is no free  market.   Farm programs account for 0.24 percent of the total Federal budget,  and in return, every individual and family in this country is  guaranteed an abundant, affordable food supply, and the very best  nutritious food at an exceptionally affordable price. That is, quite  frankly, a huge return on a relatively small investment, not to mention  what agriculture means to our rural economies and our trade balance  with the rest of the world.   American agriculture is more than just being the best producers in  the business and feeding the world. It is about food security and  national security. Once a farm is gone, it isn't coming back. It is not  like your local hardware store that goes out of business; it is not  like that space isn't going to be replaced by another business; it  will. Farms, on the other hand, are replaced by developments taking  some of our very best farmland out of production.    Mr. Chairman, we have lost 44 million acres of farmland  during the past 30 years.   Mr. Chairman, passage of this farm bill is absolutely critical to the  livelihood and success of our farm families and food supply. I  encourage and hope that every one of us will vote for this bill.   This farm bill strengthens the farm safety net while making other  vital improvements to current law that will benefit our farm families,  rural communities, and animal agriculture sector--such as the  establishment of a new U.S.-only vaccine bank to prevent Foot-and-Mouth  disease, authorizing $1.1 billion to provide broadband service to  harder-to-serve rural areas, and providing the Secretary of Agriculture  with tools necessary to help combat the ongoing opioid crises which is  hitting rural America especially hard.   Additionally, this farm bill makes common sense changes to the  Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program to encourage work and provide  for job training.   The vast majority of Americans would agree that if you work you  should be better off than if you don't work. Under this bill, we simply  ask that those who are of working age and are perfectly capable, work  20 hours a week. And, if one can't find work we will pay for their job  training so that everyone can attain the skills necessary to get the  job they want.   The unfortunate reality is that we have too many SNAP recipients  stuck in the program with no pathway to upward mobility. Why? Because  current SNAP requirements are outdated and riddled with loopholes that  incentivize the status quo and fail to support those who need it most.  In fact, more than 2/3 of work-capable adults on SNAP are not currently  employed.   Today unemployment numbers are at 3.9 percent. In the year 2000, the  last time unemployment was this low, there were 17 million people on  SNAP. Today, we have more than 41 million people on SNAP yet the  unemployment is exactly the same. Mr. Speaker, if that doesn't  illustrate the problem, I don't know what does.   We must do better.   This farm bill puts this country on the path to do just that. It  makes much needed reforms to ensure that recipients of these benefits-- those who are perfectly capable of work--have a pathway to upward  mobility, can get good jobs, and ultimately use their God-given talents  to achieve a rewarding career.   