 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2851, the Stop  the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act.   This bill is well intentioned but fatally flawed. I agree with the  goal of preventing dangerous synthetic drugs from evading regulation,  but this bill circumvents existing procedures for placing synthetic  analogues on the existing schedule of the Controlled Substances Act,  which reasonably incorporate medical and scientific analysis in favor  of a law enforcement-focused approach that would worsen the mass  incarceration crisis and could undermine scientific research.   There are already statutory mechanisms in place to provide for the  scheduling and regulation of new drugs that may be dangerous if  misused. Those mechanisms require an appropriate degree of  collaboration at the outset among the Justice Department, the Drug  Enforcement Agency, the Department of Health and Human Services, and  the Food and Drug Administration in scheduling synthetic analogues.  This is because each of these agencies is equally important to the  scheduling process.   By marginalizing the roles of HHS and the FDA in this bill, we would  establish a mechanism that does not adequately consider scientific and  medical evidence about the substance in question. Such input is  critical to a process that may result in the imposition of significant  criminal penalties related to these analogue drugs.   Under this bill, not only would the Attorney General hold the sole  authority by himself to schedule these substances, but he or she would  also have the power to set sentence levels for newly scheduled analogue  drugs by establishing equivalencies between each newly scheduled  analogue and drugs that are already controlled.   As a result, this legislation would expand penalties for drug  offenses, concentrate an overwhelming amount of unchecked power within  the Justice Department, overcriminalize certain conduct, and punish  individuals without adequate proof of intent.   While the bill was slightly improved during our committee markup by  eliminating the new mandatory minimum sentences included in the bill as  introduced, the bill, nevertheless, would impose potentially lengthy  maximum sentences for offenses involving these analogues.    I am mostly concerned that substances designated as analogues under  the procedures instituted by this bill could trigger the imposition of  mandatory minimum sentences under other provisions of the Controlled  Substances Act. Although we have been told by the majority that this is  not the intent of the bill, this ambiguity is another reason to oppose  the legislation.   At the very least, the bill would explicitly impose mandatory minimum  terms of supervised release, which, as the Judicial Conference of the  United States observes, undermines the discretion of judges who are in  the best position to make such determinations based on the facts and  circumstances of each case.   We can do more to address concerns about emerging and potentially  dangerous analogue drugs, but ditching scientific evidence and imposing  new mandatory minimums is not the answer.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill.   