 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that following  my remarks, the Senator from Ohio, Mr. Brown, be allowed to make  remarks for about 3 to 5 minutes.    Madam President, I stand here today to urge the very  swift confirmation of my good friend, my former colleague, the current  Director of the CIA, Mike Pompeo, to serve as America's next Secretary  of State.   Mike's resume would put him at the top of any pile. Speaking as  someone who has hired a lot of folks over 28 years in the private  sector and now spending time in public service, his resume shines, but  let's talk about his record of results.   I just returned from a trip to China. I was with four other U.S.  Senators. We visited China, South Korea. In fact, while in South Korea,  we went to the DMZ. I met the Premier of China while I was in Beijing.  In fact, the same week that I met the Premier of China, Kim Jong Un met  with President Xi in Beijing. We spent time with the Prime Minister of  South Korea, as well as time with many other leaders. Their feedback  was very clear. Perhaps this is the untold story we are not hearing in  the United States, in the media, and it is this: The administration's  resolve and their diplomacy is what has brought Kim Jong Un to the  negotiating table.   The administration is moving forward toward a denuclearized North  Korea, and Mike Pompeo has played a critical role in those efforts. As  Secretary of State, Mike would continue to defend and represent  American interests abroad, protecting our national security and making  the world a safer place.   Mike has not just excelled, he has been the best at everything he has  put his mind to over the course of his life. He was first in his class  at West Point, a graduate of Harvard Law School, editor of the Harvard  Law Review. He served our country in the military. He ran businesses  before serving in the U.S. Congress, which is where my path crossed  Mike Pompeo's, as we served as colleagues in the U.S. Congress. Mike  has the resume, the character, and the record of results to make him an  exceptionally qualified leader for this job.   As we wait here in limbo without a Secretary of State, lives are on  the line, our national security is on the line, and our freedom is on  the line. I urge my colleagues across the aisle, please stop putting  politics before America's national interests. For heaven's sake, this  body passed Hillary Clinton through as Secretary of State with 94  votes. I urge them to make the best decision for our country and their  constituents back home and join me in confirming Mike Pompeo as our  next Secretary of State.   