 Mr. President, thank you for the recognition.   I rise on the Senate floor as a Senator from a border State--a State  that borders with the country of Mexico--with a message from my State's  proud border communities: We will not stand by as the President  threatens to shut down the government in an act of political extortion,  as the President tries to force the American people to pay for his  border wall--a wall that would run right through New Mexico and through  so many of the communities and ecosystems that define our State.   I am joining with New Mexicans all along the border and all across  our State who are calling on the President to stop playing politics  with our border communities, with the Federal budget, and with taxpayer  dollars.   New Mexico and other border States have the most at stake in this  fight, and we will be heard.   Last week, we learned of a terrible tragedy along the border. On  December 7, a 7-year-old girl from Guatemala, Jakelin Caal Maquin, died  from septic shock, fever, and dehydration while in Customs and Border  Protection custody. The sadness of the loss of this little girl coming  to our country with her father in search of safety cannot be  overstated. It is truly heartbreaking.   I have called upon Secretary Nielsen, Customs and Border Protection  Commissioner McAleenan, and the Office of Inspector General to  immediately and thoroughly investigate the circumstances of Jakelin's  death. All facts must be brought to light so that no families ever have  this kind of tragedy again.   Jakelin and her father turned themselves in to CBP near a remote port  of entry in New Mexico. That port of entry, called Antelope Wells, was  closed at the time. By the time Jakelin received adequate medical care,  it was too late.   Instead of demanding massive resources for an ineffective wall, the  President should direct the Department of Homeland Security to provide  border stations and CBP officers with the resources necessary to meet  the basic needs of children and other vulnerable individuals.   The Trump administration's cruel policy of delaying immigrants at  commonly used ports of entry for weeks and months at a time inevitably  results in asylum seekers taking more dangerous routes in remote areas.   Instead of creating a humanitarian crisis at the border by refusing  to process asylum seekers, the President should direct DHS to meet the  spirit of the asylum laws and begin treating those fleeing persecution  and violence with the dignity and respect they deserve.   This administration has failed repeatedly to live up to our values as  a nation when it comes to immigration. Sadly, there are tragic human  consequences to the administration's inhumane immigration policies.   This week, we in Congress find ourselves in a familiar position. Once  again, the President says he will shutter the Federal Government unless  we appropriate billions of dollars for his border wall. This obvious  political ploy, aimed at his narrowing base, is  [[Page S7772]]  the same tired and hateful refrain that he has used since the day he  launched his campaign for President.   The President's anti-immigrant attacks are now a staple in his  political toolbox. They are no surprise, but Congress should not give  in to the President's latest anti-immigration tantrum--a tantrum that  is not based in reality and that fundamentally lacks the support of the  American people.   There has been a lot of talk about the border here in Washington--a  lot of talk about what the border needs from a President that doesn't  know the first thing about our border communities.   I proudly represent a border State--a State that shares 180 miles of  border with Mexico, a State that is in many ways defined by our border  and immeasurably strengthened by our relationships with our southern  neighbor, by our immigrant heritage, and by communities and ecosystems  that dot every mile along the border.   I know our border communities. I hear the hopes and concerns of New  Mexico's families and businesses that form the fabric of those border  communities. Let there be no equivocating. New Mexico's border  communities emphatically reject the President's unnecessary,  ineffective, and offensive wall.   Thirty-six communities across New Mexico, California, Arizona, and  Texas have passed resolutions opposing a wall along their borders. Poll  after poll shows that the American people from coast to coast and from  border to border do not support this wall. People in New Mexico and  across the Nation want humane immigration policies, continued community  ties and economic activity between Mexico and our Nation, and smart  border security that will actually make us safer, not an unnecessary  and ineffective wall and not insulting attacks on Mexicans and Central  Americans.   The American people reject the President's latest take-it-or-leave-it  demand that they pay $5 billion for his wall--a wall he vowed during  his campaign that Mexico would pay for, a wall that will not stop  illegal immigration, a wall that would stand before all the world as a  symbol of division, fear, and hostility.   There is little disagreement in the Halls of Congress or among the  American people that we want smart border security, that our  immigration laws need to be reformed, and that we want to stop illegal  drugs from coming into the country. But we do disagree--and strongly-- on how to effectively achieve those goals with limited taxpayer  dollars.   The President would have us believe that hordes of dangerous  criminals have our borders under siege. This is one of his countless  misrepresentations to the American people. The American people have had  enough of misinformation and of blatant distortions.   It is time for some facts. The fact is the numbers of border  apprehensions are down significantly since the early 2000s. Southern  border apprehensions have dropped 81 percent. In fact, the number of  apprehensions at the end of fiscal year 2017 was the lowest it has been  since 1971--the lowest it has been since 1971--and we have the lowest  number of undocumented immigrants in our country that we have had in  over a decade.   The Pew Research Center released estimates just this month that the  total number of undocumented immigrants residing in the United States  is far less now than in 2004--a 14-year low, and the numbers from  Mexico--people whom the President insults as rapists and criminals-- have decreased even more dramatically.   So who are the people coming to our southern border? Apprehensions  between ports of entry consist largely of family units turning  themselves in for asylum, fleeing the terror in their home countries.  They are crossing between ports in part because of DHS's obstacles to  asylum at ports of entry, including inadequate resources for staffing  and infrastructure at our ports, metering individuals trying to claim  asylum, and the ever-increasing Trump-manufactured wait times.    So given the number of southern border apprehensions is at an all- time low and the makeup of our southern border crossings, now is not  the time to raid taxpayer-funded coffers for a boondoggle of a wall.  Now is the time to begin talking across the aisle about how to  meaningfully address the root causes of immigration from Central  America--and not only that. Border walls have not been shown to  effectively increase security or to reduce smuggling or improper entry.   In 2017, the Government Accountability Office found that Customs and  Border Protection could not demonstrate that border walls had any  measurable impact on border security, finding--and this is from DHS-- that DHS had ``not developed metrics for this assessment.''   As former DHS Secretary Janet Napolitano said, ``show me a 50-foot  wall, and I'll show you a 51-foot ladder.'' Walls are not only  offensive; they are ineffective.   While the effectiveness of the President's wall is in question, the  extraordinary high costs are not. The Department of Homeland Security  estimates the cost would be $21.6 billion. The Democratic staff of the  Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee estimates  $70 billion, and those costs are only to build the wall. Any wall would  have to be maintained. Studies estimate maintenance costs would reach  $100 to $150 million a year.   Just as troubling, GAO concluded that DHS is not responsibly spending  the funds already allocated for the wall. GAO reported that ``DHS faces  an increased risk that the border wall system program will cost more  than projected, take longer than planned, and not fully perform as  expected.''   In fact, DHS blew past its September 19 deadline to submit a risk- based border security plan as the law requires. There is no  accountability here. Worse yet, while the President ups his demanded to  $5 billion for a wall, DHS hasn't even spent its funds for border  barriers in the previous year's budget. DHS has only spent 6 percent of  the funds provided on this boondoggle since 2017. It hasn't even  obligated $900 million of its last $1.6 billion appropriation.   The President ignores DHS's failure to spend the money it has been  given while he demands $3.4 billion more than his own budget request.  This is pure extortion. We should categorically reject the President's  demand for $5 billion for the wall, and we should reject any proposal  for a slush fund for the President to use to implement his anti- immigrant agenda.   Of course, Americans are no longer surprised by this administration's  utter hypocrisy when it comes to fiscal responsibility, but the  President's demand for billions of unnecessary funds for his wall is a  particularly galling and offensive example, and it should be called  out.   Budget after budget, the Trump administration says: We can't afford  to provide for Americans' healthcare, to provide for environmental  protection, to provide for quality education for our kids, to provide  for those in society who are struggling the most.   But the President says: We can afford to throw billions and billions  of dollars on a symbolic and wasteful boondoggle of a wall.   That is billions of dollars that could be spent on the priorities  that New Mexicans and the American people actually value--like good  jobs, good healthcare, and good education.   ``Backward'' doesn't even begin to describe this administration's  priorities. The Republicans claim to be fiscal conservatives, but time  and again they show themselves to be fictional conservatives. They want  to spend billions on a wall that doesn't work. They pass tax relief for  the wealthy, leaving working and middle-class Americans high and dry.  And they create massive deficits the American taxpayer will be paying  off in the years to come. This is not fiscal conservatism. This is the  epitome of fiscal irresponsibility.   But the wall isn't just wasteful and unnecessary. It would also do  serious harm to the border region. While a border wall will not  effectively address border security, it will disrupt border  communities, hurt international trade, interfere with private property  rights, and damage habitat and wildlife.   Much of the land along the border is privately owned, and some for  many generations. Approximately 4,900 parcels are at risk. The Trump  administration is already seizing private property through eminent  domain to build its wall. Homes could be confiscated, farms ruined,  neighbors cut off from one another.  [[Page S7773]]    To build the wall, DHS has waived almost 50 laws that protect the  public and protect the environment, including the Endangered Species  Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Native American Graves Protection and  Repatriation Act, among others.   This proposed funding targets the border along the Rio Grande, which  is home to a biologically diverse and rich environment. I have traveled  to this area. Last winter I canoed part of the wild and scenic Rio  Grande in Big Bend National Park, along the Texas-New Mexico border.   This month, I saw a new documentary called ``The River and the  Wall,'' which showed the stunning Rio Grande Valley and part of our  trip.   Adding 65 miles of border barrier through the lower Rio Grande Valley  would damage this area of profound environmental and ecological  significance. A wall harms ecosystems, disrupts wildlife migration  patterns, blocks vital wildlife access to food and water, and fragments  wildlife communities.   These photos show the problems posed to wildlife. This is wildlife  blocked by a fence. Here is fencing that was previously here that  allows the wildlife to get through. Animals can't get over or through  the border wall. They are stopped in their tracks. For many animals,  fragmented habitat has led to endangerment. Chopping up their territory  pushes them closer to extinction. That is the conclusion of career  biologists and wildlife managers of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.  They warned, in a draft letter to CBP, that the wall threatens already  endangered wildlife. According to them, a wall is vulnerable to  ``catastrophic natural flood events, leaving wildlife trapped behind a  wall to drown or starve.''   They recommend that CBP consider technology and other resources and  mechanisms when possible instead of installing walls. The Washington  Post reported last week that Secretary Zinke made it known that Fish  and Wildlife needed to ``support the security border mission.'' So Fish  and Wildlife higher-ups scrubbed the career scientists' wildlife  recommendations in a final letter to CBP on the impacts of the wall.   Science has a hard time competing with politics in the Trump  administration.   To sum it up, the President's border wall will not have any effect on  the number of migrants showing up at our border daily. It will not  deter migrants from making the dangerous journey to cross between our  ports of entry when they are fleeing horrific violence and persecutions  in their home countries. It is wildly expensive. The wall hurts the  communities and economies along our borders. It takes away use and  enjoyment of property from private landowners, and it jeopardizes the  environment and wildlife.   So why does the President want this wall? Its only discernible  purpose is as a political symbol, an offensive and unpopular symbol, a  symbol that America no longer welcomes the tired, poor, and huddled  masses; that we close our doors to refugees and asylum seekers, that we  fear the world and are shrinking from our position as a beacon of hope  for people everywhere.   Since the very beginning of his Presidency, when he issued his first  executive order that banned Muslims from traveling to the United  States, the President's immigration policies have been inhumane and  cruel, and contrary to our fundamental values as a nation. The  President's policy of separating children from their parents  represented a new low in immigration policy. The images of children  housed in cages, toddlers being taken from their mothers' arms, and  parents' pleas for return of their children are unforgettable.   The incompetence of how the administration directed the family  separation policy is only matched by the sheer cruelty of the policy.  They didn't know where parents and children were, could not match  families. They deported parents without their children, making it all  the more difficult for reunification to occur.   The American people opposed this harsh policy by wide margins. While  the courts stopped this illegal policy, we must not forget that there  are still 147 families separated. This is unconscionable, and I will  not rest until each and every family is reunited.   The President's most recent immigration debacle is his call--just  before the November 6 midterms--to send Active-Duty troops to the  border. He wanted 15,000 troops to protect Customs and Border  Protection officers and Border Patrol agents from migrants, including  many women and children, seeking asylum. Retired military leaders have  charged that the President's use of troops is ``wasteful.'' They worry  that our military is being used for purely political purposes. Former  Joint Chiefs Chairman General Colin Powell summed it up by saying, ``I  see no threat requiring this kind of deployment.''   The President's made-up crisis takes our Active-Duty troops away from  their missions and preparedness training and away from their families  over the holidays.   It is costing the American people. According to the Pentagon, this  Presidential stunt will cost us at least $210 million by year's end for  the 5,900 Active-Duty troops and 2,100 National Guard troops who have  been there since April. DHS just requested their stay be extended  through January.   There is no President in my memory who has used division and fear as  a political tool to the extent this President has--not even close.   The President's playbook on immigration is predictable. Every several  months he dreams up a new initiative to rile his base, making sure he  still has their support, but his policies are wrong-headed, unpopular,  and ineffective.   His latest stunt--to shut down the Federal government unless he gets  his wall--is a replay. It didn't work the first time.   There is no art in a take-it-or-leave-it deal that shuts down the  Federal government, that leaves millions of workers without paychecks  just before the holidays, and that shutters critical services that  protect the public's welfare and contribute to the economy.   It is not artful. It is inept.   It is clear from the President's public eruption last week, meeting  with Leaders Schumer and Pelosi, that he will not engage in good-faith  negotiation with Democrats and that he is ``proud to shut down the  government.''   Recently, the Nation came together to honor a statesman and an  advocate for immigration reform. As President, George H.W. Bush signed  the Immigration Act of 1990 into law. He called it ``the most  comprehensive reform of our immigration laws in 66 years.'' The act  increased the number of immigrants allowed to enter the United States,  and it established the Diversity Visa Program and family-based visas-- two programs our current President disparages.   Of our immigrant community, President Bush said: ``Our nation is the  enduring dream of every immigrant who ever sets foot on these shores,  and the millions still struggling to be free . . . this idea called  America was and always will be a new world.''   President Trump's wall is a symbol of division and hostility. It is  wholly contrary to our ``idea called America,'' as the late President  put it.   We must move beyond the political jockeying of government shutdown  threats. The American people don't want the President to shut down  essential services--especially over a border wall that will not work,  they don't support, and doesn't represent the goodness of our ``idea  called America.''   Take it from a border State like New Mexico. We can't afford a  government shutdown, and we don't need the President's wall.   Thank you.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   