 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I offer this amendment along with  Congressman Emmer of Minnesota, and I want to thank him for his  continued support on this issue.   Our amendment would provide $250,000 to initiate the creation and  distribution of the Atomic Veterans Service Medal.   Last fall, an amendment to create this medal was dropped from the  NDAA conference report. I find that shocking, as this amendment, which  I offered along with Mr. Emmer, was approved by the House unanimously  by a vote of 424-0.   Last month the House once again voted to include the Atomic Veterans  Service Medal in the fiscal year 2019 NDAA. I respectfully ask my  colleagues that we now provide the necessary funding to honor these  veterans and initiate the process to provide them with this service  medal.   Between 1945 and 1962, about 225,000 members of our Armed Forces  participated in hundreds of nuclear weapons tests. Now known as atomic  veterans, these GIs were placed in extremely dangerous areas and were  consistently exposed to potentially dangerous levels of radiation. They  were sworn to secrecy, unable to even talk to their doctors about their  past exposure to radiation.   Presidents Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush recognized the atomic  veterans' valiant service and acted to provide specialized care and  compensation for their harrowing duty.   In 2007, our allies, Great Britain, New Zealand, and Australia,  authorized their versions of this medal to honor their atomic veterans  who served with the United States.   Regrettably, the Pentagon remains silent on honoring our atomic  veterans, arguing that doing so would diminish the service of other  military personnel who were tasked with dangerous missions.   Well, I find that a pitiful excuse.   Tragically, more than 75 percent of atomic veterans have already  passed away, never having received this recognition. They served  honorably and kept a code of silence that most certainly led to many of  them passing away prematurely.   Past administrations and Congresses have dealt with the thornier  issues of legality and compensation. What remains is recognizing these  veterans' duty, honor, and faithful service to our Nation. And time is  running out.   Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support the McGovern-Emmer  bipartisan amendment on atomic veterans, and I yield back the balance  of my time.   