 Mr. Chairman, I rise today as a proud member of the  House Appropriations Committee in strong support of H.R. 6157, the  fiscal year 2019 Defense Appropriations bill.   This legislation makes critical investments in restoring our  military's readiness, supports our men and women in uniform with the  largest pay increase in 9 years, and furthers Congress' commitment to  making America safer and stronger.   I also want to thank Chairwoman Granger and her staff for including  funding for several programs that are important not only to our Nation,  Mr. Chairman, but also to my district in northeast Florida. This  includes the procurement of 6 E-2D Advanced Hawkeyes, 10 P-8A Poseidon  aircraft, 24 F/A-18 Super Hornets, 3 MQ-4C Triton unmanned aerial  vehicles, and funding for the Air Force's potential purchase of a light  attack aircraft.   As a representative of Naval Station Mayport, which is the East Coast  homeport for the littoral combat ship, I am especially proud to see the  committee reject the Navy's request of only one LCS for this fiscal  year. Procuring three of these small surface combatants, in addition to  funding two LCS training facilities at Mayport in the MILCON/VA  appropriations bill we passed earlier this year, is proof of Congress'  continued support of this program and to the health of our Nation's  shipyards. Both are essential to the future of our Navy and to our  national security.   As we continue to see global threats on the rise and our peer  adversaries invest more and more in their own capabilities, I believe  we have the responsibility to give our brave men and women in uniform  the tools they need to protect this Nation. This bill builds on the  progress we made in fiscal year 2018 to do just that.   Again, I would like to thank Chairwoman Granger, Chairman  Frelinghuysen, and both of their staffs for their hard work on this  very important piece of legislation, which I hope the President can  sign before the end of this fiscal year.   