 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Congresswoman Clarke,  for leading this critical Special Order to speak about the national  epidemic of gun violence, an important topic to all of us.   Sadly, though, Mr. Speaker, it seems that most Members only need to  dust off their talking points from the last mass shooting, which was in  Florida at Parkland. As the Grammy-winning artist, Kelly Clarkson,  noted over the weekend, the same script plays out: vigils are held and  the dead children are in our thoughts and prayers and life goes on,  with most of the rest of us hoping and praying that our loved ones will  not become a victim.   Let me repeat that, Mr. Speaker. The same old script, which we play  the same old game over and over again, we have these vigils, we come to  this floor, we make these prayers, and the reality of it is, we hope  and pray that someone will not become a victim.   Yet nothing gets done because the GOP leadership refuses to do  anything about gun violence. The Black community is at a critical time  because we have a lot to lose, because too many of our neighborhoods,  unfortunately, have been subject to gun violence at a consistent rate,  crimes which often goes unpunished because of unreliable and reluctant  witnesses.   And the same President who asked what do we have to lose, twitters  away his time in a tunnel. It seems like he has no conscience when it  comes to these children dodging bullets, because he does nothing but  cower and duck responsibility.   On February 14, this Nation once again witnessed a horrific tragedy  that took place at a high school in Florida. Seventeen lives were taken  at the hands of a gunman with too much firepower. And now, another  shooting, 3 months later after Florida and 7 months after Las Vegas in  October. The horror and the tragedy that shook the Florida high school  should have been the last.   Yet, tragically, our Nation has lost too many loved ones at the hands  of gun violence, at the point where we often see the same reaction:  hand-wringing, blaming going around, but nothing is being done to stop  the violence. And now in a small town in Texas, it is being done again.   The city of Philadelphia knows all too well the lives lost at the  hands of gun violence. In 2017, we saw our city experience its largest  homicide epidemic since 2012. There were over 317 homicides in  Philadelphia, according to data from the Philadelphia Police  Department. And with the continued surge of gun violence in  Philadelphia, last year I handed a letter to the Pennsylvania attorney  general, Josh Shapiro, outlining our Commonwealth needs to use all  resources possible to advocate for commonsense gun reform.   Since I handed that letter to our Commonwealth's attorney general, we  have had more heartbreak in America,   [[Page H4278]]  including the unspeakable tragedy at a church, a place of worship and  refuge in Texas, and a mass shooting at a concert in Las Vegas,  Florida, and now Texas.    Too often these tragedies occur because there is unimpeded access to  guns. There are over 300 million guns in America. Most are owned by  law-abiding citizens without harmful or dangerous intent, yet a gun in  the wrong hands can lead to the horrific situations witnessed most  recently in Las Vegas, Texas, and Florida.   Nearly 1.7 million children live in a home with a loaded, unlocked  gun. Every year, thousands of kids are killed by firearms as a result.  Our goal here in Congress must be to make sure our communities and our  churches and our children are safe.   When we hear from the President on these matters, you listen to a  voice that does not sound like the Commander in Chief or the soother in  chief, but a President who, frankly, does not understand his job and  too often lacks empathy, which was the case shown last week.   We are in the business of doing no harm. As elected officials, we are  here to help move our neighborhoods forward, not backwards. I stand  before you today to tell you, just as I have always done, I will  continue to advocate for commonsense gun reform to keep everyone in our  neighborhoods safe. It is evident that we must do more than the current  status quo.   I say to you, Mr. Speaker, today, under the leadership of our  chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus and the leader of this  Special Order, Congresswoman Clarke, that we are determined--we are  determined to stay as long as we have to and continue to be in  everyone's face about this issue.   Enough is enough. You have heard Members this evening say it about  their districts, but it is not just in our districts. It is all across  the country. Enough is enough. We all have to collectively recognize  that this is not Democrat or Republican, but this is about the people  in America.   So, Mr. Speaker, I say to you and to my colleague, who is leading  this effort--and I thank her for showing the kind of leadership that is  necessary in this effort, and she is doing a fantastic job in the great  State and city of New York--in Brooklyn, that is. I want to make it  very clear. She is leading this effort.   