 Mr. President, thank you.   I thank the Senator from Rhode Island, who has been a great advocate  for moving this country forward on everything from campaign finance  rules to labor, to justice, and to keeping our planet as clean as  possible.   During his campaign, Candidate Trump made a lot of big promises to  workers in Ohio and across the country. He told them he would put  American workers first, but too often the people he has put in charge  have a record of doing exactly the opposite. That is certainly true of  the two nominees to the Department of Labor and the National Labor  Relations Board whom we will consider this week, Patrick Pizzella and  John Ring.   Think about this. They have spent their careers working to strip  workers of their rights, defending corporations that are accused of  mistreating workers, and trying to undermine collective bargaining  rights.   Mr. Pizzella worked for disgraced former lobbyist and convicted  felon, Jack Abramoff. They worked on the same lobbying team at the law  firm of Preston Gates, trying to keep workers from being protected by  Federal labor laws. These are the candidates the President of the  United States, who talked about empowering workers and being on the  side of workers, has nominated, one for the Department of Labor and one  for the National Labor Relations Board. They have been busy through  their professional careers--and very well paid doing it--trying to keep  workers from being protected by Federal labor laws.   I know everyone is entitled to representation, but when you devote  your life to keeping workers from having collective bargaining, keeping  workers from working in a safe workplace, and defending companies who  are accused of mistreating workers, it makes you wonder.   Mr. Pizzella also previously served at the Department of Labor, but  his record there gives us no reason to rehire him at the Department of  Labor. He worked at the Wage and Hour Division. He was supposed to look  out for workers being cheated by their bosses out of the paychecks they  had earned.   All over my State, from Cleveland to Cincinnati, from Ashtabula to  Lima, from Marietta to Bryan and Toledo, I  [[Page S2030]]  hear stories of workers who simply couldn't fight back when their  employers would occasionally cheat them out of a paycheck or overtime  or misclassify them. We know most employers don't do that, but we know  it happens with some regularity in communities all over my State and  all over our country. That is why it is so important to have someone at  the Department of Labor who looks out for the worker who doesn't often  have a strong voice, as opposed to always siding with the employer on  every issue.   Instead, an independent review by the Government Accountability  Office found that when he was in his Department, the Wage and Hour  Division was ineffective and actually discouraged workers from lodging  complaints to get their hard-earned money back. So when a worker felt  that he or she was cheated in the workplace, when Mr. Pizzella was in  the Wage and Hour Division, those workers were reluctant to lodge  complaints to get their money back because the Department of Labor was  not on their side in those days.   This is the man who wants to be Deputy Secretary of Labor. He would  be the second highest ranking official in charge of looking out for  working men and women. His record indicates he would be more interested  in looking out for corporations that want to take advantage of their  workers. Isn't there enough of that in this country without the  government siding with the richest, most privileged people in the  country, the large corporations in the country against workers who  simply don't have much of a voice? We are going to put government on  the side of those corporations against those workers.   John Ring's nomination to the NLRB may be even worse. He has been  nominated to be on the National Labor Relations Board. He is supposed  to be a neutral arbiter between workers and management. He has spent  his career representing employers. He has attacked the agency he is  seeking to join. So much is at stake with this nomination. It will  likely result in a 3-to-2 anti-worker and anti-labor majority on a  board that has enormous influence over American workers. It will mean  big advances in the decades-long campaign to chip away at workers'  power in the workplace.   We need someone in both of these jobs--Mr. Pizzella at the Department  of Labor and Mr. Ring at the NLRB--who wakes up every day thinking: How  do I help American workers? How do I help American workers have a safer  workplace? How do I help American workers get paid fairly? How do we  make sure companies do the right thing as they treat their workers?  That is what they should wake up every day thinking. Instead, President  Trump has nominated and is hiring two people who have spent their  careers trying to push those workers down. What these folks don't seem  to understand is that it is not corporations that drive the economy; it  is workers.   There is a problem in this institution. The leaders in this  institution--the majority leader down the hall, Senator McConnell-- think you grow the economy from the top down. They think you give the  richest people in the country tax cuts, you give the largest  corporations in the country tax breaks, and it will trickle down and  help workers.   No, that is not how you grow the economy. You grow the economy from  the middle out. That is why we had greater job growth with President  Obama after the auto rescue in 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, and  2016. More jobs were created in almost every one of those years than in  2017--President Trump's first year in office.   If work isn't valued, if corporations shortchange workers with the  help of lawyers like Mr. Ring and Mr. Pizzella, then Americans can't  earn their way to a better life for their families, no matter how hard  they work.   In my hometown of Mansfield or where Connie and I live in Cleveland  or in Cranston, RI--Senator Whitehouse's hometown, where my daughter  and son-in-law and two grandchildren live--how many times do I hear  people in these communities say: You know, I am working harder than  ever, and I have less to show for it.   President Trump is going to put two lawyers in key places in the  Federal Government who are going to stack the deck even more against  those workers. The last thing we need is more people serving in  Washington who don't value work and who don't respect the Americans who  do it.    I urge my colleagues to listen a little more to the Americans we  serve. As President Lincoln said: Go out and get your public opinion  bath. Listen to workers--not just employers, not just lawyers, not just  to country clubs. Go to where workers hang out. Listen a little more to  the workers we serve and a little less to big corporations, which it  seems these days are trying to squeeze every last penny out of their  workers.   Mr. President, reject these nominations.   