 BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my  colleague from Colorado who has done such a wonderful job of organizing  us, month in and month out, to stand here on the House floor, really,  more than anything, in a sincere and genuine effort to attempt to  prevent a constitutional crisis from happening.   It is vital--not as Democrats or as Republicans, but as Americans--it  is vital that we allow this special counsel investigation to continue  and to reach its natural conclusions, whatever the facts may show.   I certainly hope, and I believe, that all of us should hope that it  won't show collusion; that it won't show anything more than what has  been reported about interference in our 2016 elections. But it is vital  to the integrity of our democracy and our national security that we  know that for sure.   Now, one would think--given the record interference, really attack,  from the Russian Federation upon the United States during the 2016  election, just as they have in other country's elections, such as  Germany, France, and of course repeatedly on the Ukraine--one would  think that the President of the United States would say, yes, we must  get to the bottom of this.   Instead, this President has not once asked his staff--as far as we  know, and as has been verified by folks like the Director of the DNI  and the Director of the CIA--has not once made it the mission of the  U.S. to combat this interference. That is worrying.   We also know now that on two separate occasions, the President has  seriously considered firing the special counsel. That is exactly what  President Nixon did in October of 1973, what has been called the  Saturday Night Massacre, that prompted a constitutional crisis then. It  would prompt a constitutional crisis today.   Now, the President keeps calling the Mueller investigation a witch  hunt, which is interesting because that is the exact term that  President Nixon used. And if you look at headlines from that day, it  was exactly the same term Nixon used. But the President calls it a  witch hunt and says it hasn't produced anything.    So far, the investigation of the special counsel has produced 17  indictments, including 5 guilty pleas--some witch hunt. I don't think  those 17 individuals under indictment consider that a witch hunt and,  certainly, the 5 individuals who have already pled guilty, including  one who worked in this White House.   So I will pause there, because I know there are a number of our  colleagues who want to speak on this important issue. This is something  that should unite us all. I am appreciative to those Republican  colleagues, especially in the Senate, who have spoken out publicly and  say that they support the Mueller investigation and support the  independence and integrity of it, but it is time that we don't just say  that we support it.   I do think it is time that we have legislation that protects it so  that we can ensure that this investigation will reach its natural  conclusion.   