 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for  bringing us together for this hour to pay tribute to our American hero  who served on the front lines of our Nation's history for, really,  almost a century.   From the skies of the Pacific to the Yale baseball diamond, to the  oilfields of Texas, to the floor of the United States House of  Representatives, to the streets of Beijing and the halls of the White  House, President George Herbert Walker Bush led a life of humble  leadership, courage, and conviction.   Over five decades, he built an unmatched resume. His accomplishments,  while impressive on their own, are extraordinary when bundled together.   After the war, he left his New England home to move his young family  to west Texas, where he pursued an oil career and later served the  people of the Seventh Congressional District here in the United States  House of Representatives.   As a leader, President Bush faced some of the greatest challenges of  his time: He worked to open new paths of diplomacy in China; he helped  to restore confidence in the Central Intelligence Agency; and he worked  alongside President Reagan to make America great.   Though he is perhaps better known for making waves overseas, our 41st  President achieved new heights at home when he opened new doors for  Americans with disabilities.   While President Bush had a robust resume stacked with prestigious  jobs at critical times in American history, most of us will remember  him from the roles he held most dear: for 73 years, President Bush was  a devoted husband of Barbara Pierce, a legend in her own right, with  whom he built an honorable family of children, grandchildren, and  great-grandchildren. Together, President and Mrs. Bush wove their own  story of the American Dream.   There is no doubt that President Bush made the State of Texas, the  United States of America, and the global community a better place to  live. On behalf of my constituents in the 26th District of Texas, I  thank him for his matchless service to our country, and I join a  grateful nation to thank the Bush family for sharing him with us.   