 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, it was 2 weeks ago yesterday that the  tragic incident in Parkland took place--one of many that have impacted  our country over the last decade and beyond. That community in  Parkland, FL, and the residents of the State of Florida whom I  represent--and, frankly, the entire Nation--have demanded not just  action but immediate action.   We know--and anyone who watches this process is well aware--that  there are deep differences on how far and how much we should restrict  the Second Amendment right of every American. We know there are deep  differences about whether some of those proposed restrictions work. I  imagine those debates and those differences will not be easily resolved  and will continue, but I also know there is widespread support and  agreement that we must act now--as soon as possible--to do everything  we can to prevent another tragedy like Parkland from happening anywhere  else ever again. That is a consensus position. No matter where one  falls on this debate, no matter how one feels about how far or how  restricted restrictions on gun sales in America should be, no matter  what your views are on that, I don't know of anyone who is in favor of  school shootings, and I don't know anyone who is in favor of seeing  another one happen. There is common ground in that regard.   What I have tried to do, over the last couple of weeks, is undertake  efforts to determine what changes in Federal law not only could have  prevented this attack but could prevent future ones. In that vein, I  have met with State and Federal law enforcement investigators involved  not just in this case but in gun laws in general. I have met with  students and with teachers from Marjorie Stoneman Douglas High School,  including two teachers who were injured in the attack. I have met with  school board administrators. I have met with the community at large,  including an appearance last week at a nationally televised townhall. I  have been in contact with several of the parents of the victims who  lost their lives. I have also spoken to experts in firearm sales. I  have spoken to a number of federally licensed firearm dealers who  talked about some of the frustrations they have with our existing law  and their inability to address people who ultimately turn out to be  individuals who should not own any gun of any kind.   So based on these meetings, based on all of this input, and based on  all of the other research that is out there leading up to now, the  first thing I want to say is, I actually believe this attack could have  and should have been prevented if current law had been fully enforced.   This killer was a well-known danger to the school district. He was a  well-known danger to the Broward Sheriff's office. He was a well-known  danger to his neighborhood. He was also the subject of two separate and  specific warnings to law enforcement agencies: a call to the Broward  Sheriff's office last November, a call to an FBI hotline in January.   In essence, we are always telling people, if you see something, say  something. People saw something and people said something and other  people saw it as well over a course of time. Yet somehow this deranged  and violent individual was able to pass a background check and purchase  not 1 but 10 separate firearms, and this deranged and violent  individual was ultimately able to walk right into the school a few  minutes before dismissal and take the lives of 17 innocent Floridians.   This tragedy is the result of a massive multisystemic failure--a  failure involving Federal agencies, State agencies, and local  authorities who all failed to both identify the threat he posed and  coordinate a response to stop him before he took action. It is this  failure I hope we will focus on by addressing the shortcomings and  vulnerabilities in our current laws and in our current policies. We may  still have a debate on the broader issues of regulating gun sales, but  irrespective of that debate, we still must and should do this.   So today I wanted to come here for a few minutes and announce a  comprehensive plan--not a simple bill you just vote on and move on but  a series of measures I believe could prevent these attacks before they  happen and that also help schools protect their students and their  teachers. I believe these ideas should all enjoy bipartisan support,  and, if passed, could and should help prevent the next potential mass  shooting.   These are ideas I outline not just because they work, but because I  believe we can get the votes to pass them. Sixty votes in the Senate, a  majority in the House, and the signature of a President--that is what  it takes to turn an idea into a law, and these ideas I am about to  outline both work and, I believe, could enjoy that widespread support.   One of the things we have learned is, our schools are woefully  unprepared to prevent an attack before it occurs. Furthermore, during  my visits to the site of the attack and my followup meeting with  teachers at the school, I learned of various changes to school  facilities and practices which could have stopped this attack or  improved the response. Therefore, I will be joining later today with  Senator Orrin Hatch and others in introducing the STOP School Violence  Act.   If passed, this law would provide Federal grants to do some important  things that would have been really helpful in this case: strengthen  school security infrastructure of the school, provide school training  for everyone--administrators, teachers, even students--to be able to  identify threats and to report them. Something that really would be  helpful is the creation of a school threat assessment and crisis  intervention team. There is a successful program in Los Angeles that  does this. That is a team that is a coordination between law  enforcement, other State agencies, school districts and the like where  they are all talking to each other about students and former students  who may pose a threat of violence and intervene before they act.   A second issue we identified is that even if law enforcement, school  administrators, or family members believe an individual poses the risk  of committing an act of violence, they have very few options to prevent  them from purchasing any gun or taking away the guns they already have.  [[Page S1304]]    Therefore, I intend to present a new law--perhaps in coordination  with others who are working on it now--that will lead to the creation  of gun violence restraining orders, something that will give law  enforcement and close family members the option of obtaining a court  order to prevent gun sales or remove guns from individuals who pose a  threat. To be clear, the due process in such a situation would be on  the front end, not on the back end.   The third issue we uncovered is, Federal law appears to discourage  school systems from reporting dangerous students to law enforcement. I  don't support criminalizing all school misconduct, but a student who  has threatened violence, who has exhibited violent behavior needs to be  reported to law enforcement. A student who has committed a crime by  issuing a threat of death using social media--a crime under Florida  law--that needs to be reported, but under Broward County school  policies, pursuant to something called the PROMISE Program, reporting a  student, a dangerous one, to law enforcement is the sixth step--step  6--in their plan. Therefore, I intend to propose changes to the Federal  Youth PROMISE Program so a school district plan under this program does  not delay and does not discourage law enforcement from being alerted to  dangerous and violent or hazardous behavior.   Fourth, we need to strengthen background checks. That is why I have  joined with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle pushing for the  immediate passage of Fix NICS--something that will require all Federal  agencies and incentivize every State to fully report relevant  information to the national background check database--because a  background check is only as good as the information that is on it. This  deranged killer was able to buy guns on 10 separate occasions because  he would have passed any background check because none of this stuff  that was known about him was reported to that system.   Fifth, we must begin to prosecute the purchase of guns by people  prohibited from doing so. Next week, I hope to be joining a bipartisan  group, led by Senators Toomey and Coons, in filing the ``Lie and Try''  bill, which will require the FBI to notify States when someone who is  not allowed to buy a gun, tries to buy a gun and fails the background  check, so they can be investigated, so they can be prosecuted.   In addition, we will be presenting a new law to provide more  prosecutors to go after straw purchases, which is where someone buys a  gun on behalf of someone else because that someone else could not pass  the background check.   Now, there are some additional reforms that I am open to: the  possibility of looking at age limits on semiautomatic rifles, the  notion of looking at what could be done with high-capacity magazines.  We will continue to explore and look at those. These reforms do not  enjoy the sort of widespread support in Congress that the other  measures I have announced do, and, in order to successfully pass, these  ideas will have to be crafted in a way that actually contributes to  greater public safety but also do not unnecessarily or unfairly  infringe on the Second Amendment right of all law-abiding adults to  protect themselves and their families, to hunt, or to participate in  recreational shooting.   Ultimately, there are things we can do that have widespread,  bipartisan support that we can act on, that we can get passed, that  will actually make a difference. These are impactful things.   I urge the Senate and the House, all of my colleagues here, do not  hold hostage a piece of legislation that would work and that we all  support because it doesn't have everything you want. There are things  we can act on and do, and there are things we can continue to argue  over, debate, and perhaps do in the future, but on the things we agree  on--and they happen to be things that could have prevented this attack  and will prevent future attacks--let's get those done. I have outlined  those here today. There may be others, but we owe it not just to the  victims and the families of Parkland but to all Americans everywhere;  for this attack may have happened in Southern Florida, but there is no  reason it can't happen somewhere else and, I fear, will happen  somewhere else if we do not fix the deficiencies and the flaws in our  policies, in our laws, and in the way they are enforced.   We have learned from this incident what is wrong with our system. Let  us fix it. We have an opportunity to do so while we continue to debate  and work on the issues we do not agree on. That is what I hope we will  do, and that is what I commit to doing everything I can to achieve.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   