 Mr. President, let me express my thanks in return to  Chairman Daines for being such a fantastic guide and a fantastic  partner on this subcommittee budget. I am excited to bring this to my  colleagues this morning. I will note that he took over midstream from  Senator Lankford, who began this process. I will also note that we  didn't really get moving so quickly to a conference committee until  Senator Daines took over. I give him great credit for adding so much  and being such a great partner in all of this.   I really don't need to go through all of the important initiatives  Senator Daines already did; maybe I will spend a minute doing so. I  would note that we made progress on some issues that had been stalled  in the Legislative Appropriations Subcommittee for a long time--such as  intern pay or the requirement to file campaign finance reports online-- I think because we were able to do this budget on its own, with a real  process, with a real committee debate, and with a real conference  committee. When these budgets get tied up in giant omnibus  negotiations, it tends to be that only the top four or five issues in  the omnibus get the attention from the folks in the room. These budgets  are very important, but maybe because they are a little bit smaller  than the budget for HHS or the Department of Defense, they go untended  to.   As we return to regular order, not only do I think that is a breath  of fresh air for democracy, it is not good news for anybody when the  decisions over a budget get decided behind closed doors amongst a very  small set of people appointed by the Democratic leader and the  Republican leader. It is also good government because when we do these  budgets one by one, we get to flesh out some very important and  sometimes controversial issues that we might not get to address when  they are all lumped together in a massive package.   I hope this is now the way we do things. I congratulate Senator  McConnell and Senator Shelby for setting the tone. I know there are a  couple of conference committees tomorrow on some other packages. I hope  they go as well as ours did.   In this budget, we did some very good things. We have a long list of  deferred maintenance here on this campus. We have 16.5 million square  feet of buildings. We have millions of visitors who come to experience  the U.S. Capitol. We provide $734 million for the Architect of the  Capitol to make those targeted investments.   Accountability and transparency were things Senator Daines focused on  as chairman. We will have 50 additional auditors and investigators at  the Government Accountability Office. That is the office which makes  sure that we are doing our job, that we are spending taxpayer dollars  wisely. When they issue reports, the taxpayers save money, and now they  have the ability to do more of that great work.   It also provides full funding for the Capitol Police. I want to  specifically thank Senator Daines for working with us to include in  this budget an initiative that we started here in the Senate to improve  protections and coordination for Members' security off campus, to  recognize the new and emerging threats that exist in and around  Washington, DC.   Finally--I have said it before, but I will say it again--there is a  breakthrough, a small amount of money to help compensate interns. Lives  change when they get to experience something like working for their  Member of Congress, for their Senator. It opens their eyes to a set of  experiences that would not be available to them otherwise.   Under prior practice where very few Senate offices paid for those  internship experiences, you had to be a child of means in order to get  here. Now, hopefully, with this small amount of money we are giving to  our interns, we will have a much greater pool of applicants and a much  greater pool of young men and women who will be able to be here and  work in our offices. I think that is good for this place, and I think  it is good for the kids who are going to get to experience government.  Faith in government and belief in civic participation couldn't be lower  today. Giving more kids from diverse backgrounds access to the Federal  Government is a very positive development.   Again, it has been a joy to work with Senator Daines. It is great to  be on a conference committee. I had heard rumors about conferences  committees, and we got to sit on one and hammer out a budget with our  House colleagues. I hope it sails through as we move to final debate  and passage.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   