 Mr. President, I come to the floor to today to pay  tribute to an American hero, a beloved colleague, and a friend, a man  who lived a life that embodied service, sacrifice, and statesmanship, a  patriot whose presence here in the U.S. Senate will be sorely missed  for years to come but whose legacy will last for generations.   As so many of my colleagues have said in recent days, you never  forget your first time meeting Senator John McCain. For me, it was  early 2006, when I was appointed to the U.S. Senate and in the midst of  my campaign for a full term that November. Naturally, I wanted to  establish a record that could show I was an effective Senator. I had  submitted an amendment to the budget aimed at reducing the burden on  New Jersey taxpayers, and while the Republican majority wasn't thrilled  I was the one putting it forward at the time, it had strong bipartisan  support. It could have easily passed with a voice vote but I wanted to  get my colleagues on the record. I wanted a rollcall vote, so that is  what I requested.   Shortly thereafter, Senator John McCain came barreling towards me on  the floor, calling me out. ``Bob, you are a jerk!'' he said.   I was taken aback. We weren't on a first-name basis back then.  ``Senator,'' I said, ``what is the problem?''   ``This didn't need a roll call vote. That makes you a jerk!''   Well, at that point, the Hudson County in me kicked in, and I fired  back with some language I think is best left out of the Congressional  Record.   Senator McCain stormed off, leaving me bewildered. Wasn't this  supposed to be the world's greatest deliberative body?   I walked over to minority leader Harry Reid to ask what that was all  about. ``Welcome to the Senate, that's John McCain,'' he said.   Apparently, John had a foreign trip scheduled, and he was anxious to  leave Washington, so my rollcall vote was a kink in his schedule.   Later, when I retold the story to my friend Senator Lindsey Graham,  he said, ``Good for you for standing up to him, Bob. You earned his  respect.''   I share this story today not as an example of John McCain's temper-- which he was well known for, along with his biting wit, of course--I  share it for two reasons. First, it is a reminder that John admired  people willing to stand their ground, not out of stubbornness or rigid  partisanship but out of principle. He respected people for the strength  of their convictions.   The second reason I tell this story is because it is a reminder that,  to John McCain, being a U.S. Senator was about more than passing laws.  It was about championing American values around the world. Whether he  was traveling abroad to meet with our troops or foreign heads of state,  Senator McCain never hesitated to stand up for American ideals of  democracy, human rights, and freedom on the global stage.   Yes, he was a relentless advocate for the American military, but he  ultimately believed that our Nation's strength came not just from the  might of our military but the power of our ideals. I saw Senator  McCain's commitment to those ideals up close back when I served as  chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, during which he was  a member.   Russia, which had opposed Ukranian independence from the moment it  was declared in 1991, had invaded the sovereign nation of Ukraine and  illegally annexed Crimea. John and I both understood then that Putin's  annexation of Crimea wasn't about a territorial dispute. It was a about  exerting Russia's geopolitical power and undermining the liberal  international order the United States helped build in the aftermath of  World War II and worked to strengthen throughout the challenges of the  Cold War.   John was instrumental in crafting and passing the package of  sanctions we put forward to counter Russian aggression and promote the  interests of the Ukrainian people in their ongoing struggle for  sovereignty and freedom. He understood better than anyone that we had  to stand on the side of the Ukrainian people, not just because of  Russia's hostile takeover of Crimea, but for the Kremlin's years of  interference in Ukraine, from its cyberattacks on Ukrainian  infrastructure to its deliberate efforts to manipulate and corrupt its  democratic process.   I will never forget his support and counsel as we worked to pass the  Ukraine Freedom Support Act in the months that followed, a piece of  legislation that made crystal clear America's unwavering support for  the people of Ukraine and their right to sovereign self-determination,  democracy, territorial integrity, and freedom.   Senator McCain believed that, as Americans, we have a responsibility  to support all people in their struggle against tyranny, to stand up  for human dignity against those who deny it, and to share American  ideals like freedom, democracy, and human rights around the world,  bringing hope to the hopeless and light to the darkest corners of the  Earth. Perhaps that is because John himself spent so many years in one  of the Earth's darkest corners, as a prisoner of war in Vietnam. His  commitment to country was tested in ways that few of us can imagine-- the pain he suffered, the torture he endured, the faith he kept. There  is no question in my mind that John's time spent as a prisoner of war  shaped him as a legislator and not just with respect to foreign policy.  He may have been a staunch Republican, but he never treated his  Democratic colleagues as if they were evil, perhaps because he had seen  real evil. Disagreeing on the issues didn't make us enemies, because we  were all Americans.   Some have accused Senator McCain of abandoning his conservatism  whenever he sought common ground. Those accusations are foolish. Take  it from me as a Member of the bipartisan Gang of 8 who worked on  historic immigration reforms back in 2013. When I entered those  negotiations, I did so with a healthy dose of skepticism towards  Senator McCain, and I imagine he did so with me same way. After all, I  was the Hispanic Democrat from New Jersey who never hesitated to voice  my problems with the McCain-Kennedy immigration negotiations of 2007  loudly and clearly.   It is easy to demonize the other side from afar, but when you sit in  a room with someone for probably 100 hours of negotiations, as I did  with Senator McCain, you begin to lift, ever slowly, the veil of  distrust between you. You soon realize there is far more that unites  you as Americans than divides you as partisans.   John never relented in his commitment to border security, just as I  never relented in my commitment to bringing the undocumented out of the  shadows and towards a path to citizenship. We disagreed pretty much  constantly; yet we built trust. We engaged in the give-and-take of  compromise, and we emerged from the Gang of 8 negotiations with a  compassionate and comprehensive immigration reform bill that ultimately  passed the Senate with a bipartisan supermajority.   That historic legislation never received a vote in the House of  Representatives, but I remain as committed as ever to the cause of  comprehensive immigration reform; reform built on mutual trust and  good-faith compromise, on both pragmatism and idealism, and on a shared  commitment to solving the greatest challenges of our time.   John McCain wasn't perfect. No one is. John McCain made mistakes. We  all do. But what made him a giant of the Senate, in my opinion, was his  willingness to put country over party and patriotism over partisanship.   In recent days, there has been a lot of discussion about what would  be a fitting tribute to Senator John McCain. I would certainly name a  building in his honor and hope we do, but I don't think we should stop  there. I believe it would be a great tribute to Senator John McCain if  all of us here in this body strived to look at each other through his  lens. We are humble servants for something far greater and bigger than  ourselves. We are bestowed by the American people an opportunity to  make an imperfect nation even better, and we are far more likely to  succeed at that mission when we can rise above the politics of  division, look beyond the news cycle, and work relentlessly toward  common cause.  [[Page S5986]]    