 Madam Chair, I rise in strong opposition to this  amendment.   You are 840 times more likely to get a disease or have a problem by  drinking unpasteurized milk. And 60 percent of the people who are  impacted by this are kids under 20 years old who have not bought the  milk; their parents bought it.   This is not something we should be doing. All of the folks who are  involved in this, veterinarians, the CDC, FDA, all of them oppose this.   The International Dairy Foods Association and the National Milk  Producers, who don't always agree with each other, both oppose this  because they are concerned that, if something happens and people say it  is milk, they are not going to know the difference between raw milk or  pasteurized milk or whatever it is.   This is not a good situation for maintaining our markets in the dairy  product area. Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to oppose this  amendment.    Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition, even  though I am not opposed to the amendment.    Madam Chair, this is maybe not a bad idea, but I just  want to point out that the Secretary can already do this. I don't know  exactly why we are doing this, but I guess that is a decision between  the authors and the Secretary. They can already do it.   The thing that I am little bit concerned about is that this might  help a little bit with beginning farmers, but, frankly, we are not  doing enough in the underlying bill to put the money in there that  would actually do some good for beginning farmers and ranchers. That  would be more important than naming a coordinator if we don't have  enough money to do what we want to do.   I am not going to oppose the amendment, but I just want to point out  that this is good intentions, but this is something that could be done  anyway.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have no further speakers or discussion,  so I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I am going to claim the time in opposition  so that I can support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, even  though I am not sure I am opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I want to raise some issues.   We have got problems in a number of different areas, not just with  black vultures, caused by the Migratory Bird Treaty with Mexico and  Canada that we signed in 1973.  [[Page H4225]]    Apparently, black birds are sacred in Mexico. Because of that, we are  in this situation. That is why you need this bill.   It eliminated crow hunting for a while, until we were able to define  it in the States. It says in the treaty that if they are about to do  damage, then you can take them. So, in Minnesota, we passed a law that  says that crows are always about to do damage so that we could have a  season.   I have still got a big problem with cormorants. We can get  depredation permits for cormorants, but it is not adequate. We had a  hunting season that we got through here. We got the Fish and Wildlife  Service to supposedly do this, and then they screwed it up. So we have  got cormorants out there eating fish in my neck of the woods and other  places causing a big problem.   I have got wolves, which is a little bit different situation, but  that is the Endangered Species Act, in which it was claimed there was  no problem with. Well, I can tell you, there is a problem with the  Endangered Species Act in terms of wolves. We need to fix that. Four  different times I have been promised to get that fixed, and we haven't  been able to do it.   I am frustrated with this whole process. I am going to support your  amendment, but I would like to get some further clarity on cormorants  and timber wolves, if we could.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Conaway), chairman of the committee.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I rise to support this repeal.   Mr. Chair, I just want to caution people that I am worried about us  getting this through the Senate. I spent a lot of time trying to work  this thing before, had a number of meetings with Gina McCarthy. The  underlying problem with this is that we have four different agencies  that have jurisdiction over what a wetland is.   We passed in 1985 the wetland, the swampbuster bill in the farm bill.  We still, to this day, cannot define what a wetland is. And what I am  worried about when they do this new regulation, which they are probably  going to have to do to replace the old one, they are not going to be  able to come up with a definition because we haven't been able to do it  in 20-some years.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   