 Mr. Speaker, whether you are a Republican  or a Democrat or an Independent, you don't want corruption in your  government. Unfortunately, multiple members of Donald Trump's Cabinet  have engaged in massive fraud, waste, and abuse, largely by using  taxpayer funds on luxury private air travel.   Democrats have been calling repeatedly for investigations into  Trump's ``Cabinet of Corruption.'' Unfortunately, the Republican- controlled House has largely protected these officials at every turn.  So I am going to highlight to you some of the more egregious examples,  and we have added up the numbers.   Representative Torres gave very specific examples, but we are going  to give you the big numbers so you understand how much corruption there  is.   It all started with former Health and Human Services Secretary Tom  Price, who spent half a million dollars of taxpayer funds on private  and military jet travel for no good reason. He could have taken  commercial. He chose not to.   Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin looked at that and must have said  ``what a great idea,'' because he doubled that spending. He spent  nearly $1 million of taxpayer funds on at least seven military jets,  for no good reason, because he could have flown commercial, just like  his predecessors.   And then we have Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, who took multiple  trips that added up to thousands of dollars on expensive private jets,  as well as about $139,000 to renovate his office doors.   Then we have former Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin, who  spent $122,000 of taxpayer funds on a trip to Europe with his wife,  largely to do sightseeing.   But EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, he takes this to a whole new  level. He is so creative in his corruption. You will be very impressed  to hear how ingenious he is.   First of all, he spent over $40,000 on a private phone booth of your  hard-earned taxpayer funds. For most Americans, we know there is a very  simple way to make private phone calls from your office; it is called  closing the office door. But no, he didn't do that. He spent your hard- earned money to have this private phone booth for him to make his phone  calls.   Then he managed to find a way to live here in Washington, D.C.,  cheaply, by getting a below-market rate condo deal, $50 a night; and  then he structured the lease so that the landlord had to keep the condo  open for the entire time for 6 months, but he only had to pay for the  days that he stayed there. No ordinary citizens could have gotten that  lease.   Then he spent over $200,000 of your hard-earned taxpayers' money, on,  again, first class travel and chartered flights.   The Trump administration's ``Cabinet of Corruption'' is sticking  Americans with a raw deal. Democrats believe that hardworking Americans  deserve a better deal, and my bill, the SWAMP FLYERS Act is very  simple. It will prevent administration officials from using taxpayer  funds for private air travel, ensuring that government officials are  not using your hard-earned taxpayer dollars to fund their lavish  lifestyles.   If my colleagues care about protecting our tax dollars and preventing  these obvious abuses, they will vote ``no'' on the previous question  and call up H.R. 3876, the SWAMP FLYERS Act, for a vote.    Mr. Speaker, as has been said, music is  the lifeblood of culture that can transform world views, transport  listeners, and inspire social movements.   Ensuring that the law keeps up with music and its changing forms is  crucial. With the support of music publishers, artists, songwriters,  streaming services, and other stakeholders, the Music Modernization Act  will propel the music industry into the 21st century and beyond. I am  proud to be an original cosponsor of the act.   I want to thank Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member Nadler, as well as  Representatives Collins, Jeffries, and others for their hard work on  this bill.   As the Representative for California's 33rd Congressional District,  these issues hit close to home. My district sits at the heart of  California's music industry. It is home to thousands of brilliant  songwriters, publishers, engineers, record producers, recording  artists, and musicians.   I am proud to have worked with such a unique and engaged community.  They make up different threads of the industry's fabric, but share a  common goal of developing solutions to some of the most complex and  longstanding copyright issues facing our country. Today, we honor that  legacy by moving Federal music copyright forward.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   