 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and  I thank him and the chairman of the committee for supporting my  commonsense bill with the gentlewoman from Georgia (Mrs. Handel), my  colleague.   As millions of taxpayers across this country prepare to file their  returns on time this week, we must ensure they have the resources they  need to properly comply with the law.   Taxpayer Assistance Centers play a critical role in communities  across this country. Over 3 million Americans visited one of these  centers in fiscal year 2017, many of whom traveled considerable  distances to get their questions answered face-to-face. Arizona's five  Taxpayer Assistance Centers help thousands of individuals every year.   Ensuring compliance with a complicated Tax Code can be challenging  for families. With the new tax law set to substantially change the  current Code, it is more important than ever for taxpayers to get  answers that will affect their bottom lines.   Over the past few years, dozens of Taxpayer Assistance Centers across  the Nation have closed as the IRS sought savings. According to the  national Taxpayer Advocate, over 7 percent of these centers have been  shuttered since 2011. Closing one of these centers, which often receive  walk-in visits, with little or no clear public notice is disruptive and  undermines fairness.   While the IRS offers virtual help and assistance to taxpayers, the  reality is that many older Americans and those with disabilities cannot  meaningfully access or utilize such technology. People who are honestly  trying to comply with the law should get the help they need, face-to- face, on a timely basis.   People in rural counties spend time and money to drive hours away to  get their questions answered at Taxpayer Assistance Centers. That is  time away from running their businesses, from their jobs, and from  their families. Issues like transportation barriers and childcare often  complicate the process.   Our commonsense bill simply affirms the taxpayers' right to quality  service by requiring the IRS to notify Congress and affected  communities at least 90 days before closing down a Taxpayer Assistance  Center.   Providing accessible, quality service to the people we represent is  the most basic and important function we have as Members of Congress.  While exploring innovative ways to expand technology is a smart  strategy for Federal agencies and one Congress should encourage, we  must make sure in-person service remains a viable and meaningful option  for those Americans who need it, especially for the agency that,  arguably, has the greatest direct impact over the most people in the  country--the IRS.   This bill will hold the IRS accountable for making sure communities  impacted by a Taxpayer Assistance Center closure have adequate notice  and are informed sooner about alternative sources for assistance.   I thank Congresswoman Handel for working with me on this bipartisan  bill, and I urge my colleagues to support its passage.   