 Mr. President, President Trump has nominated Bernard  McNamee to be a member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission,  FERC.   FERC is an independent agency that regulates the interstate  transmission of electricity, natural gas, and oil. FERC also reviews  proposals to build liquefied natural gas, LNG, terminals and interstate  natural gas pipelines, as well as licensing hydropower projects.   Historically, FERC has been independent and nonpartisan. I am  concerned that, if confirmed, Mr. McNamee would threaten the  nonpartisan independence of FERC.   Mr. McNamee has a long-standing history of being an opponent of clean  energy and led Texas's efforts to challenge the Obama administration's  Clean Power Plan.   In remarks before the Texas Public Policy Foundation, TPPF, and  sponsored by Koch Industries in February 2018, Mr. McNamee said fossil  fuels are  [[Page S7337]]  ``key to our way of life,'' but renewable energy ``screws up the whole  physics of the grid.'' He also portrayed industry lawsuits with  environmental groups as a ``constant battle between liberty and  tyranny.''   While at the Department of Energy, Mr. McNamee was a key player in  the agency's failed attempt to bail out the coal industry and upend  wholesale energy markets.   Furthermore, I am very concerned that Mr. McNamee will take us  backwards in the fight to combat climate change. Just recently, the  Trump administration tried to bury the release of the Fourth National  Climate Assessment report and its alarming statistics on the realities  of climate change. The report found that annual average temperatures in  the United States are projected to continue to increase in the coming  decades and that human health and safety, our quality of life, and the  rate of economic growth in communities across the U.S. are increasingly  vulnerable to the impacts of climate change. In my home State of  Maryland, the report found that one of Maryland's crown jewels, the  Chesapeake Bay, will experience stronger and more frequent storms, an  increase in heavy precipitation events, increasing bay water  temperatures, and a rise in sea level.   FERC's independence is critical to its mission, and Mr. McNamee, if  confirmed, would be a significant departure from that.   His history as being a supporter of the fossil fuel industry, an  opponent of clean energy, and an opponent of progress to combat climate  change are alarming. I oppose his nomination to be a member of the  Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC.   