 Mr. President, thank you very much for the recognition.   I say to Chairman Murkowski, thank you for those very kind words. It  is, once again, always a pleasure to say we have worked with each  other. I know there are issues sometimes we disagree on, but we listen  to each other, we work through the issues, and we always come back to  try to reach a financial result, and I think that is what the American  people and what Alaskans and New Mexicans want us to do.   As the ranking member of the Interior Department's Appropriations  subcommittee, I thank my colleagues for being part of a remarkable  process on the floor this last week, and I want to again thank my  chairman, Senator Lisa Murkowski, and commend her for managing the bill  in the way she has managed it and the leadership she has shown in this.   I am particularly proud that we have moved this bill without the  addition of contentious authorizing matters or poison pills, which is  quite an accomplishment. What we really want is the appropriations  process to work the way it has worked and let the authorizing process  work. Senator Murkowski has been involved in both of those things-- authorizing and appropriations--as I have been.   Unfortunately, there are still some poison pill riders in the House  bill. By voting to send the Senate Interior bill to the conference  without adding controversial items, we are, as a body, telling the  House we will reject these poison pills once again. That message is  important because the funding in this bill is critical to meet wildland  firefighting needs, it is important for supporting National Parks and  Public Lands, and to continue the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   We need to pass a final bill to fund the Environmental Protection  Agency, support arts and cultural institutions, and meet our Nation's  trust and treaty responsibilities with our Nation's Tribes. As Senator  Murkowski well knows, she has a very large number of Tribes in Alaska,  and I have a significant number of Tribes in New Mexico. We try to work  very closely on those Tribal issues to see that Tribes are included,  and we take care of those consultation, government-to-government,  sovereignty issues.   There are other important issues to work through, including a  proposal by the Department of the Interior to begin a major  reorganization of the agency. Last week, the Department notified the  subcommittee it plans to move forward during this fiscal year with  efforts to change its regional boundaries, with more changes expected  in fiscal year 2019.   While this request is only the first step, I want to note that I have  been asking Secretary Zinke for months for information about the  Department's plans, and I have yet to get answers to my questions. We  have submitted very specific questions to him; we haven't gotten  answers. I hope Chairman Murkowski will work with me to ensure that no  changes are made without bipartisan agreement from Congress, Tribes,  States, and stakeholders.   This is one of the many issues this subcommittee has on our very full  plate as we move to reconcile the House and Senate Interior bills. I  hope to be back on the floor of the Senate very soon with a conference  report we can pass with broad support.   As I conclude, I would like to thank Chairman Shelby and Vice  Chairman Leahy for providing outstanding leadership through this  process. We wouldn't be here without the excellent work of the  Appropriations full committee staff, including Shannon Hines, Chuck  Kieffer, and Chanda Betourney, as well as my own subcommittee staff,  Rachael Taylor, Ryan Hunt, and Melissa Zimmerman, and the excellent  majority staff as well, led by Leif Fonnesbeck.   I would also like to thank Senator Merkley, who serves on the  Appropriations Committee with me, and I believe on my subcommittee, for  his courtesies today to allow us to appear, talking to each other and  having a colloquy.   Let me also say that Senator Merkley is a very important member of  the Appropriations Committee. He stands up for all of these issues I  talked about, and I thank him so much for that.   Mr. President, again I want to thank my colleagues for being part of  a remarkable collaborative process on the Interior appropriations bill,  as well as the other appropriations bills we have had on the floor this  past week. I believe that with the amendments we have voted on and  included, we have improved this bill and made it a stronger, bipartisan  product.   I want to, again, thank my Chairman, Senator Murkowski, and commend  her and her very fine staff for managing this bill on the floor, and  for working with me throughout the appropriations process.   I want to remind everyone that this bill came out of Committee on an  affirmative vote of 31 to zero. I hope that it receives the same  unanimous support when we pass it here in a short while.   While I believe this goes for all four bills, the Interior bill is  filled with bipartisan priorities that all sides can and should  support. I can't emphasize enough just how important the funding in  this bill is for my home State of New Mexico and for so many States  across the West.   Given how important this bill is, I am particularly proud that we  have done all this without the addition of contentious authorizing  matters or poison pill riders.   Unfortunately, our colleagues in the House have not followed suit.  There are nearly three dozen riders in the House-passed bill, the  majority of which are outright poison pills. For the most part, we have  seen iterations of them over the last 8 years.   By voting to send the Senate appropriations bill to conference  without  [[Page S5531]]  adding controversial items, we are, as a body, telling the House that  we will reject these poison pill riders once again.   So I look forward to having the opportunity to conference this bill  and to work to pass a clean appropriations bill on a bipartisan basis.   After all, we have so many important issues that we need to address,  and we especially want to address them by the beginning of the fiscal  year.   We must ensure that firefighting needs are met.   We must work to pass a bill that supports the core work that the  Environmental Protection Agency does to protect human health and the  environment.   We must work to meet our Nation's trust and treaty responsibilities  by increasing funding for Tribal priorities, including healthcare,  education, public safety, and social services.   We must fund our national parks and other public lands, protect our  treasured landscapes through the Land and Water Conservation Fund and  ensure that our Nation's arts and cultural institutions are supported  with strong funding levels.   Finally, we must work through other important issues--including a  proposal by the Department of the Interior to begin a major  reorganization of the agency.   Last week, the Department notified the subcommittee that it plans to  move forward with efforts to change the regional boundaries of its  bureaus as part of a multiyear effort to reorganize the agency this  fiscal year, starting in late August.   Our subcommittee is now reviewing the Department's request through  its reprogramming process, which allows us 30 days to review and  approve reprogramming proposals. I am cognizant that this request sets  the stage for the Department to make other changes to agency operations  as proposed in its fiscal year 2019 budget.   I have been asking Secretary Zinke for months for more information-- basic information--about the Department's plans and how the  reorganization will affect work on the ground with States, Tribes, and  other partners. I want to know what happens to the Federal jobs that  are currently located in New Mexico and other Western States.   So far, I have yet to get answers to my questions, and I have real  concerns that the Department is intent to move forward with this first  step before the agency has completed Tribal consultations, or fully  answered the questions of states, Tribes, and Stakeholders about the  big picture.   My questions are the same I would ask any administration: What is the  cost-benefit analysis? Who will be moved and where? What are expected  impacts to services? And what will the new structure and organizational  chart be?   I hope my Chairman, Senator Murkowski, will work with me as we try to  get answers during the conference process and will work with me to  ensure that no organizational changes are made without a clear plan and  without bipartisan agreement from Congress.   This is one of the many issues that this subcommittee has on our very  full plate as we go about reconciling the House and Senate Interior  bills, but I hope to be back here on the floor of the Senate very soon  with a conference report we can pass with broad support.   As I conclude, I would like to thank Chairman Shelby and Vice  Chairman Leahy for providing outstanding leadership that has culminated  in this bill being ready for the Senate today. Passage of this bill is  quite an achievement.   We wouldn't be here without the hard work of the full committee staff  members, led by staff director Shannon Hines for the majority, and the  lead staffers for the minority, staff director Chuck Kieffer and deputy  staff director Chanda Betourney. I want to again highlight the  excellent work of the staff members of the Interior Appropriations  Subcommittee, whom I have already thanked in the record.   Mr. President, I yield to Senator Merkley.   