 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues in this body  for their hard work and their true bipartisan efforts to address the  opioid and drug crisis in the United States. The legislation before us  will help to combat an epidemic that touches the lives of almost every  person in our country.   In Montana opioid overdoses have claimed the lives of 700 people  since 2000. From 2013 to 2014, 42 percent of all drug-related deaths  were caused by opioids. With easier access and a larger supply on the  street, we are finding opioids in the hands of more and more people. It  is tearing families apart. It is devastating our communities.   While we must focus on combating the opioid crisis, we must also  continue to address a related but separate epidemic that is wreaking  havoc in Montana and in many other States; that is, the methamphetamine  epidemic.   In Montana, meth is destroying families and communities and  disproportionately impacting our Tribes. In fact, we have seen a 415- percent increase in meth cases from 2011 to 2017, and a 375-percent  increase in meth-related deaths in that same timeframe.   To put this in perspective, in 2013, law enforcement seized 40 pounds  of meth. In 2017, that number more than quadrupled to 188 pounds.   Almost all meth in Montana is smuggled across the southern border. We  have seen a dramatic increase of that drug flowing from Mexico into our  communities.   Meth is linked to more violent crimes and robberies than any other  drug. Meth is highly addictive. It is destructive; it destroys the body  both inside and out.   We are seeing sad story after story on the effects and impacts of  meth and drug use in Montana making headlines. In fact, just last week,  a man was charged with leaving a baby in the woods near Lolo Hot  Springs. He admitted he was high on meth and bath  [[Page S6166]]  salts. According to reports, he left a 5-month-old in the woods because  ``he grew tired of carrying it.''   While this is a despicable and horrible story, this is just one of  many we are seeing across Montana. I am thankful--I am thankful for  those on the ground in Montana for diligently working to combat this  crisis, including our very own attorney general, Tim Fox, as well as  our local law enforcement.   At the Federal level, our goal must be to partner with States and  communities to overcome this devastating reality, and that is why I  fought for specific provisions to be included in this opioid bill we  are going to pass this week.   My bipartisan legislation, the Mitigating METH Act, expands the  State-targeted response to the opioid crisis grants to include Indian  Tribes as eligible recipients and is included in this broader  legislation that we have before us. This initiative is extremely  important to curbing substance abuse on Indian reservations.   The STOP Act, another bipartisan bill that I have cosponsored, is  included in this package before this body. This bill helps stop illegal  drugs from crossing the border or being shipped through the Postal  Service.   Additionally, programs like the high intensity drug trafficking  areas, drug courts, and the COPS Anti-Meth Program are all reauthorized  in this package, and I can tell you something: These are vital  resources in combating meth use in Montana. Without these tools, we  will continue down a dark path, but I believe, with these programs and  by passing this bipartisan bill in the U.S. Senate, we can begin to  finally curb this problem.   I truly want to thank my colleagues, and I look forward to passing  this legislation and sending this to the President's desk.   