 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to S. 139,  which is the FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act.   I have stood on this floor debating the PATRIOT Act after 9/11. I  fought for reforms in 2015 with the USA Freedom Act. And now here we  are debating the latest need to balance privacy and security.   Since Congress last reauthorized section 702, we have learned a great  deal about the operation of this program. These revelations have  highlighted the risks that it poses to privacy and civil liberties.  This program needs to be reformed, but, Mr. Speaker, this is not the  bill to do it.   Rather than provide meaningful reforms, the FISA Amendments  Reauthorization Act would reauthorize section 702. However, as we are  all well aware, the program routinely sweeps up millions of innocent  Americans' emails.   The warrant requirement in this bill applies to only fully  predicated, official investigations and not to the hundreds of  thousands of searches the FBI runs every day just to run down a lead or  check out a tip. The loopholes are too great to ensure proper  protections.   In this morning's Washington Post, on page A4, an article says, in  part, FBI officials told aides of the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Nadler), last week ``that under the proposed bill, they anticipate  rarely, if ever, needing permission from the Foreign Intelligence  Surveillance Court to review query results, according to one of the  aides.'' And this was not denied by  [[Page H106]]  the ranking member of the Intelligence Committee, the gentleman from  California (Mr. Schiff).   We are going to hear an awful lot about warrants on the floor and how  this fixes the problem, but here the FBI has said in no uncertain terms  to one of our congressional aides that they are never going to have  to use this warrant requirement, which was drafted by the Justice  Department that has opposed warrants all along. If ever we have seen  the fox not only watching the henhouse but inside the henhouse, this is  it. It isn't even a fig leaf being small or otherwise. It is simply a  way to divert the attention of this Congress away from what is really  going on.    Furthermore, the bill would provide a path for the NSA to restart the  practice of ``abouts'' collection, which has been described by the  ranking member. The proposal grants some committees 30 days to review  any effort to turn ``abouts'' collection back on, giving Congress  little or no say on this matter. We all know that we can't do anything  in 30 days around here, and yet the bill restricts us from doing that.   Finding a bipartisan and balanced solution is very possible. I know  because I have done it twice with the PATRIOT Act and the Freedom Act.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Rogers of Kentucky). The time of the  gentleman has expired.    The House Judiciary Committee passed the USA  Liberty Act with bipartisan votes. This bill fails to do these  necessary reforms. The program should be reauthorized if done in the  right way. This bill is the wrong way. It is time for Congress to put  the F for ``foreign'' back into FISA. There is no F for ``foreign'' in  this bill.   