 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last year, Colorado had a great snowpack  in many areas of the State. In fact, the moisture, rain, and snowpack  in many areas of Colorado led to a lot of growth, a lot of great spring  grass, and a lot of undergrowth that came in. The problem is, when you  have a wet year followed by a dry year, that same growth then turns  into tinder during a drought.   That is, unfortunately, what we have seen in parts of Colorado this  year. Many parts of Colorado are experiencing some of the driest  conditions they have seen in 70 or 80 years.   On June 1, the 416 fire in Southwest Colorado was started. It started  burning, and now about 35,000 acres of land have been gobbled up by  this wildfire. There are also a number of other fires across Colorado:  the Burro fire, the Buffalo Mountain fire, and there was a fire between  Redvale and Montrose, CO.   I come to the floor to bring attention to some of the actions we have  taken, though, that have helped with fighting these fires and to talk  about policies we need to put in place that can do a better job giving  more tools to fight these fires and what we can do to help make  firefighters do their jobs in a better, safer way.   If you look at what we did these past years--a couple of months ago,  we passed a bill that fixed the fire-borrowing crisis, which had  consumed our wildfire fighting budget each and every year. What  happened is that Congress would fund firefighting based on a 10-year  rolling average, and then they would exceed that cost of the  firefighting budget and consume other parts of the Forest Service  budget, cannibalizing other parts that would go toward mitigation to  prevent next year's forest fires just to fund the firefighting efforts  of this year's fires. So we have never really caught up with the cycle.  Over half of the budget of the Forest Service--at least prior to this  fix--was being consumed on fighting forest fires.   This Congress did a great job with a bipartisan fix that now actually  allows us to treat it more like a normal, traditional disaster instead  of cannibalizing other funds within the Forest Service.   I asked one of the Forest Service representatives, employees, at the  fire: Are you able to make better decisions knowing now that you have a  budget fix in place? The answer was yes. So we are actually able to  fight fires.   We have a map right here. The city of Durango, CO, is basically right  here. This fire is moving, and we are able to fight this fire better,  knowing that we have the funding, the resources necessary, to  adequately supply these firefighting efforts.   At least as of a day ago, we haven't lost a home from this 35,000- acre fire, even though nearly 2,000 homes have been evacuated. I think  that is a remarkable feat, an accomplishment. Great credit needs to go  to the 1,300 firefighter personnel who are on this fire and the Burro  fires 10 miles over the mountain. They have not lost a structure as a  result of their efforts and the tools that we have helped to give them.   To the personnel: Thank you for the work that you continue to do.   To the people of Colorado who may have scheduled a vacation or  planned a vacation in Durango and Silverton, CO: Know that these towns  remain open, that you can still go to Durango, CO, that you can still  go down the river, and that you can have an incredible time with your  family.   I encourage people across this country not to cancel their vacations,  not to cancel their plans, but to go ahead and visit. This town, this  State, needs you now more than ever. I encourage people to recognize  that, yes, there may be a fire in the forest, but it is not in the  town. It is perfectly safe to go visit, to be there, and I hope they  will because both Silverton and Durango need you now more than ever.   We also know that our land managers can use better policies in terms  of reducing fuel loads and making sure they can get into the forest to  reduce the potential for a serious conflagration--the types of which we  have seen more and more of recently--to help give them better tools to  cut through litigation and the analysis paralysis that has tied our  decision makers' hands when it comes to fighting fires.   One of the things I have heard at other fires in Colorado, outside of  the 416 fire, is the concern about drones. I hope every person  listening to speeches and the news reports will take to heart that when  you fly a drone, when you fly a UAV over a fire because you think it  would be neat to get pictures of it, understand that you are putting  people's lives at risk, and you are stopping--you are putting a halt-- to significant elements of the firefighting effort.   What do I mean by that? One drone will shut down the air tanker  program--no more slurry efforts, no retardant flying in, no more  helicopters flying in, no more airplanes flying in and dropping  retardant that can stop the spread of the fire. Please, please, stop  interfering with active firefighting efforts.   Scott Tipton and I will be introducing legislation that will increase  penalties on people who are interfering with firefighting efforts by  flying a drone over a wildfire. It has to stop. It is putting people's  lives at risk, and it is certainly allowing these fires to spread  because they have to shut down their firefighting efforts.   We can't fight these fires at night with tankers. We are working on  that. We have other legislation that will allow night vision goggle  research to be done to help make this effort happen, to be able to help  fight these fires, but we can't do it now. So when you take out an hour  or 2 or more of the day, that means those tankers can't get in, that  means more acres are burned, and that means more lives are put at risk.  Stop it. You are hurting people.   This is something for which we have to give more tools to our  decision makers and land managers to help reduce the fuel, cut through  the litigation, the  [[Page S4017]]  redtape, and reduce the number of lawsuits that are preventing these  forests from being managed in a healthy manner. Let's do that. Then we  have to make sure we continue with other policies to get more dollars  on the ground for fuel-reduction efforts.   Long-term consequences of this fire, though, will remain because long  after the smoke is gone, the effects will be felt. When there is a  rainstorm, we will have hydrophobic soil conditions that will create  debris flows that go into the river, causing conduits to be impacted,  perhaps wiped out, and the viaducts that are going to be affected, the  water conduits that will be affected through debris flows, the drinking  water systems that could be impacted throughout, and the flooding  potential that dramatically increases. Those effects will have to be  dealt with, but there are other effects too.   When you are dealing with businesses here that rely on the use of the  forest, particularly in the summer, those seasonal businesses are  impacted right now and are going to need help, and the Small Business  Administration, the Department of Commerce, and others could help  provide disaster relief to these businesses. If you are relying on a  forest for your business during the summer and that forest has been  closed, obviously your business is greatly impacted. That is something  this Congress will have to continue to work through as we address the  impacts on seasonal businesses throughout Colorado--and around the  West, for that matter--that have been affected by these wildfires.   To this Congress: Thank you for the work you did to fix the practice  of firebombing, for putting an end to it, and for allowing us to budget  regularly for wildfires, making sure we have the dollars necessary to  do this without impacting forest programs that would have reduced next  year's fires.   Let's stop dangerous activities. Stop flying drones, interfering with  wildfires. Let's work on policies that we can innovate to bring new  science, new expertise, new research to allow us to do a better job of  fighting fires.   I hope people will remember that Durango and Silverton remain open;  all of Colorado remains open. Come visit, and spend your time. There  are great memories you could make with your families in our forests, in  our incredible and beautiful environment of Colorado and the West.   Mr. President, I thank you. This is one more important thing to  remind us that we are all in this together, and I thank this Congress  for the work they have done.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   