 Mr. Speaker, I am pleased the House is considering my  bill today, H.R. 4824, the Rural Broadband Permitting Efficiency Act of  2018.   I want to express my appreciation to Senator Orrin Hatch, who  introduced the bill in the Senate, as well Chairman  Rob Bishop for  moving the bill through the Natural Resources Committee.   I would also like to thank various stakeholders that have taken part  in the process creating this bill. Additionally, I would like to thank  the 12 Members who joined me on this important bill as cosponsors,  including my good friend from Montana (Mr. Gianforte).   The need to give greater access to high-speed broadband services for  rural communities is broadly supported, evidenced by the diverse  coalition of stakeholders supporting my commonsense legislation,  including NTCA, WTA, the American Library Association, the Utah  Education and Telehealth Network, the Utah Governor's Office of  Economic Development, the Utah Rural Broadband Association, and the  Navajo Nation, to name just a few.   The purpose of my bill is simple: We need to do a better job  connecting our rural and remote communities with greater access to  broadband and high-speed internet. I believe that increasing access to  broadband services in rural areas, like many places in my home State of  Utah, is an important first step to help bridge the digital divide and  to provide an enhanced quality of life for these areas. This  infrastructure is critical to ensure schools, hospitals, libraries, and  small businesses have access to modern-day internet speeds. This  legislation will provide economic development opportunities for small  businesses and residents in our rural towns.   Currently, the permitting process for a broadband project across  Federal lands can take many years, in some cases, as much as 8 or 9  years. In my view, this is completely unacceptable. My bill improves  and speeds up the permitting process on Federal lands, while also  safeguarding and enforcing current-day Federal environmental laws.   I have visited three different Native American Tribes since my  election to Congress and have learned some of the unique problems  facing these communities. I was proud to work with several Native  American Tribes, including the Navajo Nation in my district, to ensure  Tribal governments can utilize these new programs established within my  bill.   I was touched by a letter of support I received this week from  President Begaye, the president of the Navajo Nation. I have visited  the Navajo Nation three times since coming to Congress, and I hope this  bill passes so that, on my next visit, we can celebrate the passage of  this bill together.   My bill is a big win for Americans living in rural communities,  especially Utahns, and I encourage my House colleagues to join me in  voting in support of H.R. 4824. I hope the Senate will also quickly  take up this measure and send it to the President's desk.   