 Mr. President, I am very happy to join my colleagues  to express our view of how pathetic this new Clean Power Plan  replacement rule is and how it really makes fools of huge portions of  the American people.   For farmers who are out there facing drought and floods like they  have never seen before as our weather extremes expand, this makes fools  of them. This makes losers of them. For people who live near our  forests or work in our forests or enjoy using our forests, and for the  people Senator Merkley just spoke of, for those downwind from our  forests when they burn--they are made a laughing stock by this new  rule. The wildfires that are tearing through our forests are expanding  both in season and severity. In some States, where there used to be a  wildfire season, there isn't a season any longer. Any time could be  wildfire time. This is all new and unprecedented.   For hunters, for fishermen, for skiers, for outdoor enthusiasts of  all kinds, the changes that are happening to the species and the  weather patterns that folks have come to rely on are damaging. This  plan ignores all of it.   Its harm to coastal communities is particularly important to Rhode  Island and to the Presiding Officer's home State of Louisiana. We have  coastal communities facing dramatic sea level rise. We are seeing new  risks for local communities from storm surge as well as from sea level  rise. We are seeing great American cities filled with seawater on  bright, sunny days just because high tide and sea level rise combine to  bring flooding into what once was dry land. All of these concerns are  made a mockery of by this phony EPA rule.   Even if you are not a farmer or even if you don't care about or live  near forests, even if you have no interest in the outdoors, even if you  don't live on or visit the coast, you are a part of the American  economy, and the American economy is going to take a whack from our  failure to do right by the environment and from our failure to win the  transition to a low-carbon economy. We are all involved in this  together, and we are all, in that sense, made losers and made a mockery  of by this ridiculous rule.   The only other thing I would add is that we are a country that has  for a long time been proud of our reputation and example. One of our  Presidents said that the power of our American example has always  mattered more in the world than any example of our power. Well, what an  example we are setting now, the only Nation in the world not to  participate in the Paris Agreement. Even the Syrians got in, for Pete's  sake, and here we are, strange outliers.   We try to compete in the international contest for the way that  people live, putting forward our American system of government and our  American way of life. Our American system of government is not looking  so good right now on this question, and as the inevitable march of  climate change and deep climate havoc continues, our failure to act is  going to look worse and worse. People are going to ask questions, and  we don't have good answers for those questions. The truth is, the  reason we are not doing anything about this is the corrupt influence of  the fossil fuel industry, period, end of story.   I was here during the years when we had bipartisan activity in the  Senate on climate change. There were multiple bipartisan bills floating  around. There were bipartisan hearings. In fact, the first climate  change hearing in the Senate was chaired by Republican Senator John  Chafee of Rhode Island. All of that came to a shuddering halt in  January of 2010, when the five Republican judges on the Supreme Court  gave to the fossil fuel industry a pearl beyond price: the Citizens  United decision that allowed unlimited political spending by big  special interests--unlimited--and it took the fossil fuel industry  about 2 minutes to figure out how to make that hidden dark money  political spending. The result has been the absolute shutdown of  bipartisanship as the fossil fuel industry has moved to exercise full  dominion over a once great Republican political party.   I see the majority leader on his feet, from which I deduce that he  may seek the floor, in which case, as a courtesy, I am most inclined to  yield it to him.   Is that the case, Mr. Leader? Does the leader seek the floor?    I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I will take a minute to conclude my  remarks and then yield to Senator King of Maine, who I believe will be  followed by Mr. Van Hollen of Maryland.   The rule we are looking at is basically about 98 percent Scott  Pruitt, if you look at the timing. Scott Pruitt had one of the most  disgraceful tenures in any Cabinet position in the history of the  United States. To the extent I have anything good to say about him, it  is that he wasn't very good.   The EPA, following the direction of the fossil fuel industry, lost  over and over again as its phony sham activities, rulings, and  regulations were challenged in court. What we saw over and over again  was the process at the EPA was a sham; that the review of public  comment was a sham; that the legal analysis they had to go through was  a sham. As a result, they came up with rules, regulations, and policies  that were a sham.   Once you expose some of that stuff in court, where people have to  tell the truth, discovery has to happen, you see documents, and you get  judges who are not in tow to the fossil fuel industry, it doesn't look  so good. I think probably our best hope for this phony-baloney dirty  power plan that Pruitt 98 percent put out--and the new Administrator, I  guess, we should give him 2 percent partial credit--is it is not likely  to last very long. It is not likely to survive judicial scrutiny. It,  like so much else the EPA has done in this administration, is  completely fossil fuel-funded, phony, and a sham.   I yield the floor.   