 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment deals with flood  control levees and the way the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is  assessing and rating these vital community-based, flood-defense  systems.   The Corps has been developing levee risk ratings around the United  States without the close involvement of local project sponsors, and  this is unacceptable.   What is more, the agency is trying to characterize ``flood risk to  our communities'' without routinely offering viable solution  alternatives or well-informed site-specific cost estimates for these  solutions. According to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Levee  Portfolio Report from March of this year, the agency indicates the  following on page 28: `` . . . there may be reluctance to share risk  information with the public when an immediate and viable risk  management solution has not been identified.''   Reluctance? Reluctance indeed.   The Corps has been developing a risk-rating tool called the Levee  Safety Action Classification, or L-SAC. Local levee systems and  affected communities are labeled as either very high risk, high risk,  moderate risk, low risk, or very low risk for flood inundation.   Thus far, 13 percent of the Corps' program levees are in the very  high, the high, or the moderate risk categories.   Notably, these systems are estimated to have 8 million people that  live or work behind them. My own district includes such an area near  Freeport, Texas, where nationally-significant manufacturing and R&D  operations have occurred since 1940.   These Corps ratings, which are to be widely broadcast to affected  citizens, businesses, and community leaders, will have significant  consequences for life safety and important secondary concerns like  property values, economic development, zoning, and local governance.   These ratings have been formulated without the sort of close local  engagement that is required for successful flood hazard mitigation.  Moreover, according to the Corps itself, the ratings are not  accompanied by viable solution alternatives and cost estimates for  these solutions.   We can and must do better than this.   My amendment enhances the Corps' L-SAC risk tool. It should not only  assess levee system locations, conditions, and failure consequences  from a Federal perspective, but also include affected levee owners and  operators in communities in a completely integrated way to assess,  communicate, and mitigate the full range of flood risks.   Only then will we progressively improve the L-SAC scores and, more  importantly, improve local safety conditions with viable long-term  economic solutions.   This amendment does not remove Corps risk assessment and  communication duties that were assigned by the  [[Page H4838]]  Congress in the 2007 WRDA. To the contrary, it supplements these duties  by assuring, A, that individual levee system L-SAC ratings are  transparent; and, B, that they play a meaningful role in expanding  options and improving life safety outcomes.   This is a nonpartisan, meritorious proposal with national  application. It increases transparency and it improves both risk  communication and actual risk mitigation.   Finally, considering the scarcity of available taxpayer resources  necessary for actual infrastructure improvements, my amendment also  cuts some fat.   For example, number one, it foregoes reestablishment of the Committee  on Levee Safety. That committee produced a draft report in January  2009, and later updated, that formed the basis of the 2014 WRDA, which,  by and large, has not been executed.   Number two, the amendment eliminates the unfilled position of  ``Administrator of the Levee Safety Program'' and accompanying  authorization for ``such staff as necessary.'' The Chief of Engineers,  the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works, eight Corps  Division Commanders, 38 Corps District Commanders, multiple agency  programmatic chiefs, and existing staff would seem sufficient to me to  execute appropriate levee-related policy authorized by Congress.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, with that in mind, from the  gentleman from Louisiana, if we can work together on this in attempting  to address this.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous  consent to withdraw the amendment.   