 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment would increase funding for the  Department of Defense health programs by $1 million to improve  coordination between DOD and the VA on research and findings related to  toxic exposure to burn pits.   As you know, burn pits were commonly used on U.S. military sites  during the Iraq and Afghanistan wars to burn all types of waste from  chemicals, paint, and medical and human waste to munitions, petroleum,  plastics, and rubber. But, also, as you know, many members of the  military, who were exposed to burn pits, are beginning to experience  negative health effects from the toxic smoke that they inhaled while on  duty.   That is why I am offering this amendment: to increase cross-agency  communication and research so that the Departments can assist those  suffering more aggressively and quickly.   On May 7, I met in Vermont with a group of National Guard members,  led by Pat Cram, who have been impacted by burn pit exposure. Pat is  the wife of Sergeant Major Mike Cram of the Vermont National Guard, who  died this past December from prostate cancer, believed to be a direct  result of his exposure to burn pits in Iraq and Afghanistan, where he  did several tours.   Sergeant Major Cram first deployed to Iraq in 2004 with a group of  MPs from the 42nd Infantry Division of the Vermont National Guard. They  joined up with the 278th Tennessee National Guard Calvary in Iraq. All  21 soldiers from this group, who deployed together for 18 months,  returned home safely, thank God.   But since their safe return, that same group has lost two members  from prostate cancer, and another has been treated for it. They  believe, and some of the medical professionals believe, that the  explanation is that it occurred as a result of exposure to burn pits.   This funding would provide some resources necessary for the VA and  Pentagon to work on the issue together effectively so that we can  address the direct relationship between burn pits and severe health  conditions.   This amendment idea aligns with a June 2018 GAO recommendation that  highlighted the need for these Departments to work together to solve  this issue. This is reminiscent, potentially, of the Agent Orange  situation where, for many years, people were trying to figure out what  the cause of the cancers were, and it turned out, after a lot of  investigation, that it was directly related to Agent Orange.   Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Granger, who, on occasion, I have  traveled with and whose service I have really respected, and Ranking  Member Visclosky, for their attention to this issue and willingness to  help.   Mr. Chairman, I thank the great group of Members who worked with me  on this amendment, including Representatives Soto, Bilirakis, Gabbard,  Wenstrup, Ruiz, and Rosen.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support for my amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for her support, and  I yield back the balance of my time.   