 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4809, the  Guidance Out of Darkness, or GOOD, Act.   Mr. Speaker, those who must live their lives or run their businesses  according to a set of rules have a right to know what those rules are.   To foster accountability and transparency in Federal regulation,  Congress passed the Administrative Procedure Act in 1946, which  required disclosure or publication of administrative rules.  Unfortunately, the law contains an exception for what we commonly refer  to as guidance documents.   Guidance documents are sporadically posted on agency websites and the  websites of component agencies and offices, while some are not posted  at all. That inconsistency places burdens on regulated entities.   Small businesses are especially harmed because they do not have the  resources to hire full-time compliance staff. Instead, small-business  owners have to take the time and energy away from their businesses to  stay up to date on each new regulatory guidance.   The GOOD Act requires transparency and consistency in the regulatory  process.   The public deserves to know what guidance documents are out there.  They deserve to know how the agencies administering our laws interpret  those laws and regulations.   H.R. 4809 requires agencies to post their guidance documents online  in one centralized location. Agencies create these documents and expect  the guidance to be followed. They should, therefore, have no problem  gathering and posting these documents for the American people to see.    At the request of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee,  dozens of agencies have disclosed information to us on their use of  guidance documents. The results have been staggering.   To date, agencies have provided lists of more than 18,000 guidance  documents issued just in the past decade, and that is just a portion of  Federal guidance documents. There are a handful of agencies that have  been unable or flat out refused to produce a list of guidance documents  for the committees.   I believe we would agree this is a red flag. If an agency doesn't  bother to keep track of its guidance documents, then how in the world  can businesses and taxpayers be expected to comply with them?   The burden should be on the agencies to make guidance documents  publicly available and easy to find. That is all this bill does. It  requires agencies to post information they should already have in a  central location so it can be easily found. This is a small step  agencies can take that will have significant benefits, alleviating  burdens on regulated entities and the public.   I thank the bipartisan group of my colleagues who supported H.R. 4809  during committee consideration of this bill, and I urge all Members to  support this legislation. Why? Because this legislation is commonsense  reform that Members of both parties can support in the name of good  governance and transparency.   Mr. Speaker, there is one additional item that is common sense that I  believe both parties could support, and that is wishing my wife a happy  birthday today.   