 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Montana for  organizing this tonight.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring this Chamber's attention to the  multitude of wildfires that have devastated the Western United States.   Now, Mr. Speaker, the West is on fire and has been on fire since  April of this year. This has undoubtedly been one of the worst wildfire  seasons in recent memory.   Last month, more than 100 active fires scorched nearly 2 million  acres, killed at least 12 people, and caused hundreds of millions of  dollars in property damage. As of today, more than 75 wildfires  continue to burn throughout the United States.   Wildfires are getting worse, in fact, in the United States just as  they are getting better in more similarly advanced nations. A study  published in Science last year found that the amount of acreage burning  globally has declined by 25 percent over the past 18 years,  irrespective of climate and temperature variability. The study's  findings point to day-to-day human factors, especially land management,  as the most consequential determinants of wildfire acreage burned.   Substantial research and common sense continue to suggest that an  imprudent combination of prematurely extinguished spontaneous small  burns preventing controlled burns and limiting brush, hazardous fuel,  and timber thinning to near-negligible amounts is producing tinderbox- like conditions in our forests, conditions that overdetermine the  eventual outcome of catastrophic wildfire.   Our misguided land management assumptions, practices, and policies  have ended up as a highly significant factor in ensuring our country's  experience with wildfires is worse than that of similarly situated  peers. The sad truth is that mismanagement has left our forests  vulnerable to insects and disease ripe for catastrophic wildfires.   That is why the Western Caucus led efforts to pass a strong forestry  title in the farm bill. The House base bill includes 10 categorical  exclusions that allow for active management of our Nation's forests and  critical response.   On September 13, a letter spearheaded by the Western Caucus from 40  bipartisan Members of the House was sent to the farm bill conferrees  urging conferrees and leadership to include active forest management  provisions in the final version of the farm bill. The base bill also  reauthorizes the Landscape Scale Restoration Program.   The first meaningful step that can be made to ensure that we can  mitigate the frequency and intensity of wildfires next year is for the  farm bill conference committee to include these forestry provisions  within the final conference report. Otherwise, next year's wildfires,  sadly, may be larger than this year's and will be the result of this  Congress.   