 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment has bipartisan support, the  support of my colleagues from Louisiana, who have also been hit hard by  hurricanes, Mr. Richmond and Mr. Graves, and I am from Texas.   Your word is your bond in the State of Texas, and I would hope that  everyone here in Congress or across this great country would want to  say the same thing about their own State. Credibility, trust, and  keeping your promise is always important, but especially in times of  disaster and crisis. And when Federal agencies like FEMA are called in  to help communities ravaged by a natural disaster, we should expect  nothing less.   Anyone who has ever experienced a federally declared disaster knows  that after ensuring the immediate health and safety needs of those who  are affected, the top priority is to get the hazardous and dangerous  storm damage cleaned up.   As long as tree limbs, trash, and other debris remain in the streets,  things cannot get back to normal, and they are a health and safety  hazard. Kids cannot go back to schools, restaurants and shops can't  open for business, the economy is at a standstill. And so when a FEMA  employee, like a technical assistance contractor, or TAC, lays out a  path for a mayor, a county judge, a county commissioner, or any other  State or local official to get the federally funded debris removal  process under way, they can and should be counted on to honor their  commitment and their responsibility.   My amendment will ensure that that will be the case by holding FEMA  accountable to the promises made and the contracts authorized by its  own employees. Under my amendment, if a local government entity can  show and the Department of Homeland Security Inspector General can  certify that a local government was acting at the direction and the  consultation of a FEMA technical assistance contractor regarding  disaster relief efforts, government bureaucrats here in Washington  cannot simply change their minds a few years down the road and decide  to foot the locals with the bill.   So while this amendment is certainly about fairness, equity, and  certainty for local governments, it is also about accountability for  Federal officials. FEMA officials will know that the advice and the  recommendations that they offer actually matter. Local officials will  rest assured knowing that the contracts and work that they are doing is  valid and reimbursable. This means getting disaster-damaged  municipalities up and running sooner, shortening the timeframe that  their citizens and businesses need Federal assistance, and save  taxpayer money.   I urge all of my colleagues to help ensure that our government can be  trusted to do what they say it will by supporting this bipartisan  amendment and the underlying bill.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman from Oregon's  opinion, but, remember that this is an inspector general's. They have  to pass on this. This is not just a mistake. All the T's were crossed.  All the I's were dotted. The Babin amendment protects our communities  because it requires FEMA to keep its word.   Under current practice, a local community can follow all of the FEMA  rules and restore your community after a disaster, but then, years  later, FEMA can come back and say: Oops, we know we told you to do it  that way and we personally approved and reimbursed you for every bill  that you sent to FEMA; oh, but we did it wrong. We know that you did  exactly what we told you to do; however, we should have told you  something differently. Please pay us $3 million.   I think that this is not just pertinent to District 36 in the State  of Texas that was hit by a hurricane years ago. This is pertinent to  every district across this country that will be suffering from a  disaster sooner or later.   Anyone who has a FEMA disaster this year or next, will no doubt be  here on the floor in the future to offer this very same amendment.  Please join me today in passing our amendment, and let's make FEMA keep  its word.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   