 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 477, S. 3093. I  ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and  passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator  Heller and Senator Cornyn may join in a colloquy with myself.    Madam President, I want to talk about my motivation for  offering this unanimous consent request.   The people listening to the debate may not understand, but we have a  courtesy in the Senate where we make colleagues on the other side of  the aisle aware of our intent.   Before I do that, I yield the floor to Senator Durbin.    Madam President, Reserving the right to object, I first  wish to acknowledge that Senator Durbin has worked hard to address the  DACA issue. I don't think there is a lot of daylight between Senator  Durbin and me on the need for a path to citizenship and having the DACA  legislation move forward. I think there are voices trying to come  together to try to come up with a just solution to a myriad of  immigration issues.   However, this particular unanimous consent request is in reference  to, I think, a bill that was introduced earlier today, and we have not  had an opportunity to study it. I think it is another positive step in  the process of maybe bridging the gap, but in the absence of being able  to analyze it and reconcile it against the bill I am actively involved  in that the Senator mentioned, I have to object.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator  Heller, Senator Cornyn, and I be allowed to enter into a colloquy.    Madam President, I was trying to explain to those who are  watching this what is going on. What is going on is, we actually have a  very collegial environment, where we come to the floor and ask  unanimous consent on something, and if somebody doesn't object, the  bill moves out of the Chamber. We don't surprise people. We inform them  so they are able to come to the floor and register their objection,  which is exactly what Senator Hirono did today. So you could ask  yourself, why would I come down here and offer up something I knew was  going to be objected to and not move forward? Because I think it is  pretty important for people to understand we are making progress, and  it is pretty important to keep this issue and this discussion active in  the U.S. Congress because Congress needs to act.   Regardless of where you are on the Trump administration's position,  it is Congress's job to set long-term clarity. It is our job to set  policy that can't move based on who happens to be in the White House.  It is our job to fix the immigration problem, not the President's. This  is the first step, in a number of things we need to do, to fix the  failed immigration system in this country and to fix what I think are  legitimately some injustices going on.   I have to disagree--I think it is interesting--and I look forward to  reading the measure Senator Durbin put forth for unanimous consent. In  his comments, he said a part of the baseline language came from a bill  I have been working on with Senator Feinstein, the Keep Families  Together and Enforce the Law Act.   What we are trying to do is figure out a reasonable, fair way to keep  families together, to have families prioritized so they can go before a  judge and determine whether they have a legitimate asylum claim, and to  move as expeditiously as possible.   So this bill--if you heard Senator Hirono, you would think it is some  heartless, uncaring--I think the words were ``partisan political  stunt.''   Let me just tell my colleagues briefly--and I know Senators Heller  and Cornyn will speak as well--this bill has agreement on most of the  provisions. We want to make absolutely certain that if the families  have to be kept together while they are going through the adjudication  process, that it is in proper facilities. We want to make sure that if  the parents want their children with them while they are being  detained--which is, on average, about 40 to 60 days before they get  their case cleared--then they can.   We also want that time period to be reduced, which is why we agree  that we need to add an aggregate of about 700 judges to draw the  backlog down, but until the backlog gets drawn down, parents with  children get to the front of the line. We want to make sure there are  an adequate number of attorneys--about two and one-half to every one  judge we are adding--so we don't get clogged up in the courts.   This discussion about indefinite detention is just simply patently  false. We are talking about a matter of 40 to 60 days. We want to draw  that backlog down even further. We want to make sure these images of  people being held in tent cities never occurs. We want to make sure we  have adequate family facilities while they are being detained going  through a legal process.   We want to also do the one thing I heard in Senator Hirono's  comments--I am not an attorney, I believe Senator Hirono is--but it is  false. The fact is, there is a court order that actually prevents  children from being detained  [[Page S5330]]  for more than 20 days. So now we have this catch-22, where you detain  the parents because they crossed the border illegally. They are being  detained to process their immigration case, and they happen to have  children, but you can't keep children for more than 20 days, so that is  why the separation is occurring.   We are not talking about eliminating the whole Flores agreement. What  we are saying is, we need to have very clear language that allows us to  keep these children with their parents who are being detained pending  court procedures. These are not unaccompanied children who would still  be subject to Flores and who would be placed in the community within  about 20 days, but there are other reasons--including some of the 2,500  or so whom Senator Durbin mentioned--we may need to keep them a little  bit longer.   For example, what if their parent or guardian has been convicted of  human trafficking or child abuse or some other charge, and we need to  make sure it is the right setting for that child to go to? We are  holding the same standards for these guardians or these parents that we  do for any American citizen when we are trying to determine whether  that child is going to be in a safe setting. Those are the sorts of  things we put into place within narrowly tailored language, which is,  my understanding right now, the only sticking point.   I came to the floor today to propound this unanimous consent request  so we can start having this discussion in front of the American people,  and we put pressure on ourselves to solve this problem.   This is not a problem for the President to fix. It is Congress's  problem for the President to fix, and then it is the administration's  responsibility to act on the will of Congress.   So I am going to continue to work with people on both sides of the  aisle to do everything I can to eliminate the partisanship, the  polarizing rhetoric, and fix this problem for these children who  deserve and must be--should be--with their parents and put them in a  setting that I think is respectful and safe.   I yield the floor to Senator Heller.    Mr. President, I am here again this week to fulfill a  promise I made after becoming deeply involved in a situation involving  a Presbyterian minister who has been held in prison since 2016 in the  country of Turkey.   I have traveled to Turkey a couple of times, and I have met Pastor  Brunson. He is from an area in Western North Carolina. He is actually a  part of a church affiliated with the Reverend Billy Graham. He has been  a missionary in Turkey for about 20 years. In October 2016, he was  incarcerated and accused of being a part of plotting the coup attempt-- an illegal act for which people who were involved should be held  accountable, but he was not one of them--and, also, suspected of  terrorist activities.   Back in the late winter, after almost 19 months in prison without  charges, after the indictment was issued, he was concerned that the  American people were going to look at this indictment and turn their  back on him. I felt like I needed to be able to look him in the eye and  tell him nothing could be further from the truth. So I traveled to  Turkey and met with him in a prison outside of Izmir to tell him that I  would continue to be his voice and that I spoke for a number of  Senators who are also concerned with this. More than 70 signed onto a  letter expressing their concern. This is not a partisan issue. This is  about the illegal incarceration of a Presbyterian minister in a NATO  ally, Turkey.   Pastor Brunson has been imprisoned 656 days, counting today. We just  got word this morning that the Turkish authorities have agreed to  release him on house arrest. So we are going to get him out of the  situation he has been in for about 16 or 17 months, in a cell designed  for 8 people that had 21 in it. Now he is at least going to be able to  be under house arrest and held outside of prison.   For as long as I am in the Senate, I will come to this floor every  week and advocate for Pastor Brunson and a number of other people who  are detained in Turkey for what I believe are inappropriate reasons-- reasons that wouldn't keep you in jail overnight in the United States.   Under the emergency authorities that President Erdogan had, they were  swept up and some have been convicted. We have a NASA scientist who  also has family in Turkey. He was arrested when he was over there,  apparently for being a conspirator in the coup attempt. We have State  Department staff and Turkish nationals who worked with our State  Department and our Embassy over there who are in prison. We have to  have a watchful eye on everybody.   I am glad that the Turkish Government is moving in the right  direction with Pastor Brunson, but he is still effectively detained.  Now it is under house arrest. So I will continue to work for Pastor  Brunson's release, but I also want to make sure that the other people  who are, in my opinion, illegally and inappropriately detained in the  Turkish prison system also have a voice here in the U.S. Senate.   Again, I appreciate the Turkish officials taking this step to release  Pastor Brunson and to put him on house arrest, but I will guarantee  that, for as long as I am a U.S. Senator and there is somebody detained  in Turkey, they will have a voice here in the U.S. Senate.   I hope that by next week or in the next couple of weeks Pastor  Brunson is back in the United States, and I hope I don't have a reason  to come to this floor and speak on his behalf and be his voice.   