 Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairman, Mr.  Shuster, and the ranking member, Mr. DeFazio, for bringing a bipartisan  bill to the floor.   This is a piece of legislation that is long overdue. I think we have  had--how many extensions?--five extensions. This bill is needed for air  traffic.   As everybody knows in this room, if you take Alaska, which is 2\1/2\  times the size of Texas, we don't have any roads; we have air travel.  Everybody travels in Alaska, probably more than you travel in your car,  by airplane. So this bill handles a lot of the problems in Alaska that  we have been addressing through the FAA, which plays a major role.   Number one is Essential Air Service. Many people don't understand the  history of Essential Air Service.   When we deregulated the airlines, Alaska was left out. Senator  Stevens and I kept regulated airlines for 2 extra years until we got  the commitment from Essential Air Service so we can serve our  communities, and this committee has always seen to it that that did  occur.   Now, it has been used in other rural areas of America. I understand  that need.   There will be an amendment to do away with Essential Air Service. I  hope all of you will vote against that. It is crucially important to my  State.   We have another small issue that has come up--and I want to thank the  chairman again--which is lithium batteries. These were talked about,  and it was just talked about by the ranking member.   In my State, again, we don't have highways, we can't truck things, so  an air carrier that has no passengers can transport lithium batteries.  They were not allowed to do that under the toxic transportation clause  in our law that says they can't do it.   I will tell you, again, that it takes care of the Alaskan Part 121  pilots, who are subject to burdensome Terminal Aerodrome Forecasting  regulations. This will allow pilots to use area forecasting for  weather, et cetera, for flying our airplanes.   This is a good bill. I am really proud of what Congressman Shuster  has been able to do. I believe this will be Congressman LoBiondo's last  bill working on something of this significance for the United States of  America.   We do have a great air system. I will say that it has worked, it is  working, and I am quite proud of the people who work for the airlines.   I will only make one suggestion in closing, Mr. Chairman. I am a  little concerned about some of the airlines making the spaces a little  bit narrower, less legroom.   I think, frankly, when you have less legroom, you have safety  problems. I say that because it is awful hard, in a 3-year-old seat, to  get people out from the window if there is an accident when they are  all jammed together. So I am just respectfully suggesting the airlines  don't take away any more space; in fact, give some of it back.   Mr. Chairman, this is a good bill. I urge my colleagues to support  it, vote for it, and let's get this bipartisan piece of legislation  passed.   