 The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we have been focused on the U.S.-Mexico  border, where the prospect of children being separated from their  family has shocked and horrified many of us. We have been working to  come up with a solution to this problem. That includes President Trump,  who yesterday called  [[Page S4266]]  on Congress to preserve family unity, while calling for a zero  tolerance policy when it comes to violating our immigration laws.   I would like to provide a little bit of context for how we got here  and offer a proposed solution. Just like under the Obama administration  in 2014, when we saw tens of thousands of unaccompanied children coming  across the border into my State of Texas from Central America through  Mexico--I remember at the time President Obama called that a  humanitarian crisis, and, indeed, it was--trying to find a way to deal  with this flood of humanity coming across our border in a safe and  humane manner was a huge challenge for the Federal Government, for  local communities, like McAllen, TX, and for various faith-based and  other organizations. But come they did.   Between August 1 of last year and May 31 of this year, the number of  families apprehended at the southwest border rose 58 percent, compared  with the same period a year earlier. Of course, just like the  humanitarian crisis of 2014, most of these individuals came from  Central America. I think it is important to point out that even though  these are not unaccompanied minors in the same number that we saw in  2014, we are still seeing so far this year roughly 30,000 children  coming across our southwestern border from across dangerous territory  in Mexico and from Central America, transported by human traffickers  and the cartels, for whom this is their business model. Let me explain  for a minute.   Recently, an expert on this topic made the point that these criminal  organizations that run children, families, and other adults across the  border are ``commodity agnostic.'' That is what he said. In other  words, they don't care whether it is drugs, contraband, children, or  adults. Whatever it is, they are in it for the money, and they have  found an incredibly profitable business model in transporting all of  those commodities, if you can call them that, from Central America and  across the Mexican border.   For those who are worried about the opioid crisis here in America,  which we all are, it is not just about prescription drugs--that is a  huge part of the problem--but it is also the heroin that is frequently  substituted for the prescription drugs because it is cheap and it is  more plentiful. So all of these are good reasons, in my mind, for us to  be very focused on what happens at our border.   My State happens to have 1,200 miles of common border with Mexico,  and we are at ground zero when it comes to the border security  challenges and when it comes to the humanitarian crises and to the law  enforcement challenges that go along with it.   This Friday, Senator Cruz, my colleague from Texas, and I will be  traveling to Brownsville and McAllen, TX, to once again get an idea of  what the facts are on the ground. We have been there many times before,  of course, and have worked hand in glove with our local and State  officials, with our faith-based organizations and with everybody who is  concerned about what is happening at the border, including the Border  Patrol, the Texas National Guard, and the like.   I want to make one point when it comes to those who enter our country  in order to claim asylum, as many of these people do from Central  America. They claim a fear of persecution as the basis for a claim for  asylum, but those who present themselves lawfully at ports of entry-- those are the bridges that enter into the United States--can do so and  claim asylum without violating any immigration laws. As Secretary  Nielsen, the Department of Homeland Security Secretary, said, it is  only those who try to enter the country in those vast areas between the  ports of entry, which is exceedingly dangerous, by the way, who violate  our immigration laws when they enter the United States illegally. When  they come with a child, whether it is their biological child or  somebody they claim is their child--maybe the cartels have figured out  that if they pair these people up, they have found another way to  exploit vulnerabilities in the system--it presents the challenges that  we have seen here in the last few days.   I want to emphasize that we have seen the arrival of families and  children before. So none of this is new, but we do need to put what is  happening now in proper context. As the Secretary of Homeland Security,  Ms. Nielsen, has said, if the situation in your home country is  dangerous and if you have chosen to seek asylum for your family in the  United States, there is no reason for you to enter the United States  illegally. We saw this during the previous policy that was since  eliminated by the Obama administration of Cuban refugees who, because  of a unique policy called ``wet foot, dry foot,'' once they crossed  over our ports of entry, they were entitled to seek refuge in the  United States under the laws at the time. So none of this is new.   As I said, people with a credible fear of persecution in their home  countries may present their claims through a normal, well-defined  process. There is no reason for somebody to expose themselves, much  less their children, to the dangerous, remote regions--areas I call the  wild, wild west--down along the border in order to try to sneak through  by illicit means.   But people do sometimes falsely claim a credible fear of persecution.  In other words, they don't qualify for asylum. So that is why it is so  important for us to give them an opportunity and to insist that they  present those claims to an immigration judge on a timely basis so those  claims can be properly evaluated.   The Trump administration has made the very commonsensical decision to  have a zero tolerance policy when it comes to illegal immigration. They  have made the decision to fully enforce our laws by prosecuting adults  in criminal courts when they are apprehended crossing our borders  illegally. In my opinion, that is exactly the right decision--enforce  the laws as written. The relevant laws--the ones that criminalize  illegal crossings--have been on the books for a long time. They are a  product of congressional action and Presidential approval, like all  legislation. These are not something that President Trump created out  of whole cloth, as some people would have you believe. But the truth is  that often these laws were not enforced by previous administrations  and, particularly, when families were involved. Now that they are being  enforced, the adults are, unfortunately, under the status quo,  separated from families as part of the legal process as it plays itself  out. It is not because of any desire to separate families and children,  but rather because of previous Federal court decisions, consent  decrees, and statutes that Congress has passed that require children to  be placed in a separate, safe setting. In other words, we don't want to  place children in a jail cell with hardened, potentially violent  criminals because the adult that brought them into the country has  violated our criminal laws. So putting the children in a safe, separate  setting was really motivated by the best of intentions.   The relevant authorities are important to acknowledge because, as the  New York Times has stated this last weekend, contrary to what you may  have heard, ``technically, there is no Trump administration policy  stating that illegal border crossers must be separated from their  children.''   What there are, instead, are many variables that are hard to  disentangle from one another, and, I think, unfortunately, those who  would like to create a false narrative here have taken advantage of the  complexity of these laws and the situation in order to claim some sort  of sinister intent to tear children away from their parents  unnecessarily. That is not the goal. In fact our goal is just the  opposite: How do we keep these children with their families, pending  the decision by an immigration judge of whether or not they have a  viable claim to asylum or some other benefit.   The so-called Flores agreement is one of those laws that are required  to be observed which requires that children can be held no longer than  20 days. A Ninth Circuit opinion applies the Flores bill to family  units, protracted timelines for asylum claims, limited detention  facilities, and a division of responsibility among ICE, or Immigration  and Custom Enforcement, Health and Human Services, and other agencies.  All of this adds to the complexity of this situation.   Most of these factors are pretty uncontroversial. I think every  Member will agree with the Trump administration that we should never  place children in prisons or jails with hardened,  [[Page S4267]]  potentially violent criminals when their parents are being lawfully  prosecuted for entering the country illegally.   We need to see that this is how we got to where we are now. They are  entirely reasonable decisions that seemed to make sense at the time-- that children should not be held for any longer than is strictly  necessary, that they should never be detained with adults in a jail  cell in potentially dangerous circumstances. A lot of that seemed to  make sense at the time. By the same token, I and many others certainly  don't want family members to be separated from one another as a  consequence of officials doing their duty and enforcing the laws they  are sworn to uphold.    I know Customs and Border Protection leaders like Manny Padilla,  chief of the Rio Grande Valley sector, and David Higgerson, and all of  the other men and women who work under them in the Rio Grande Valley,  are trying to do their job. They are trying to enforce the law. That is  what we have asked them to do. That is their duty. It is a good thing,  and I think we should all appreciate their attempt to do so in a very  complex environment.   This is where I have some questions for the minority leader Senator  Schumer and others. Senator Feinstein, my friend from California whom I  have worked with on a number of pieces of legislation, secured the  support of all Members of the Democratic side of the aisle on a piece  of legislation which does nothing to ensure that the law will be  enforced. Sure, it purports to deal with family separation but  basically provides a get-out-of-jail-free card to any adult who  illegally crosses the border. In fact, they go from a zero tolerance  program by President Trump's administration to a zero enforcement  program, thus creating an incentive for people to illegally immigrate  across the border and making it almost impossible for law enforcement  to enforce our immigration laws. That will continue to be a draw on  people from different parts of the world who would love to move to the  United States.   We can be sympathetic. We can be concerned. We should do everything  within our power to help them so they can live in their own country  safely, but we know we simply can't have an open border policy so  anybody and everybody who wants to move to the United States can do so.  That is why we have exceptions like asylum claims that have to be  decided by an immigration judge.   Yesterday, Senator Schumer said President Trump alone could fix this  situation by signing a Presidential order, but even though the  President has stated his decision to do so, I think that is likely not  going to be decided finally by the President but rather by the courts  when that Executive order is challenged based on the other legal  considerations I mentioned a moment ago: the Ninth Circuit decision, a  consent decree in the Flores case, and other statutes.   I don't think our friend, the Democratic leader, actually believes  President Trump can do this by a flick of a pen, as he said; otherwise,  he wouldn't have cosponsored the bill by the Senator from California to  address this situation. Why in the world would he propose legislation  if he actually sincerely believes the President alone can fix this  problem?   The truth is, we in Congress and the President have a shared  responsibility and a role to play in addressing this crisis at the  border, but the result of the proposal by the Senator from California,  embraced and cosponsored by the Democratic leader, is that it makes it  impossible to enforce the laws Congress has written when it comes to  adults illegally entering the United States when they are accompanied  by a child.   We should not be under any illusion that the criminal organizations  that facilitate the movement of people from other countries into the  United States--they understand these gaps in our laws. That is why they  sent tens of thousands of unaccompanied children into the United States  in 2014, creating that humanitarian crisis. They know well that because  of the gaps in our law that allow adults with children to be treated  differently, they are exploiting that for financial gain.   The result of the proposal by the minority leader and our Democratic  colleagues means it is impossible to enforce laws that Congress has  written. Ending zero tolerance means ignoring the law, and that amounts  to ignoring the will of the people who put Members of Congress in  office and ending our respect for the rule of law. Ending zero  tolerance, as they would seek to do, means tolerating criminal  activity. As I mentioned, these are organized criminal organizations-- they are sometimes called transnational criminal organizations--and  they will trade in anything that makes them money: People, guns, drugs,  any sort of contraband we can imagine. Not applying the law to illegal  entry does nothing but fuel them and feed their money machine, which is  why they continue to do what they do.   The other concern I have with the legislation proposed by our  Democratic colleagues, even though they have said only the President  can fix it, is that while legislation from the Senator from California  does seek to keep families together--a goal we share--it doesn't  specify where those families should be held. That is a big problem  because when it comes to the safety of these children, we don't want to  leave that open to interpretation or misunderstanding. We want to be  sure and clear that these families are kept in separate residential  housing facilities, away from hardened and potentially violent  criminals, but our Democratic colleagues' bill that every single one of  the Democrats in the Senate has signed on to doesn't even address that.  As I said, in fact, their bill would likely result in many adults  entering the United States illegally getting off scot-free because of  the no enforcement zone, basically extending within up to 120 miles  from the border. Basically, Federal law enforcement authorities, not  just the Border Patrol but the FBI, the U.S. attorneys, and others,  would be essentially prohibited from prosecuting anybody for violation  of our laws.    Now, all of us sat up and paid close attention when former First Lady  Laura Bush and the current First Lady Melania Trump expressed their  concerns about family separation and called on us to find a better way  to answer the current crisis, and I agree with them. In fact, we have  gotten off to a pretty good start.   Led by our colleague from North Carolina, some of our colleagues and  I, just a few minutes ago, introduced a bill called the Keep Families  Together and Enforce the Law Act. The goals of this legislation are  pretty straightforward: keep families together in safe, secure  facilities while their cases are waiting to be decided by a court.   We set mandatory standards of care for family residential centers to  make sure they are hygienic and safe and the sort of place where we can  treat people compassionately.   We also authorize 225 new immigration judges because of the huge  backlog that makes it hard to handle all the cases that come across the  border. We give these families a chance to move to the head of the line  to get their cases decided on an expedited basis so that while they are  being detained in these safe, secure, family facilities, their cases  can be decided quickly. Also, if they are entitled to an immigration  benefit like asylum, they could be afforded that on a reasonable  timetable and not left in limbo for any longer than absolutely  necessary.   Now, I believe, talking to my friend the senior Senator from  California, Mrs. Feinstein, that these are elements of a bill we might  be able to agree to, Democrats and Republicans, in order to address the  common concerns we have about family separation. Throughout the course  of our discussions, though, it has become clear this is something we  all believe; that families crossing the border should be kept together.  Where we may differ is whether that should also go along with a joint  commitment to enforce our immigration laws, but, as I said earlier,  this is not an either-or situation. We can keep parents and children  together while, at the same time, remaining resolute in enforcing our  immigration laws--something I believe we should do.   The Trump administration has said it will not tolerate any violation  of those laws and that all offenders will remain on the table for  prosecution, but there is no reason for our Democratic colleagues to  oppose what I have  [[Page S4268]]  laid out. Either we are or we are not a nation of laws, with a  government that enforces those laws, or we are a nation with no law and  open borders; simply waving through anybody who wants to come into the  country at their discretion.   So I would urge all of our colleagues to work together to continue  talking about and supporting a bill that represents these shared  values. If we come together, we can resolve the situation swiftly and  ensure that these children are kept together with their families and,  as I said, that they can be expeditiously presented before an  immigration judge so they can present any legitimate claim they may  have to any immigration benefit. I think that is a commonsense solution  to this problem, and I look forward to our colleagues working together  to try to solve it.   I yield the floor.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator Tennessee (Mr. Corker) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain).    The following Senator are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Corker). and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. McCain).   