 Mr. President, I want to thank Chairman Barrasso,  Ranking Member Carper, and Senators Inhofe and Cardin for all their  hard work to advance the America's Water Infrastructure Act of 2018 to  the Senate  [[Page S6709]]  floor so we can make the much needed improvements to our Nation's water  infrastructure. I would also like to express my appreciation to the  hard-working staff of the Environment and Public Works Committee who  spent literally countless hours working on this important water  infrastructure legislation. The path to getting this bill to the Senate  floor has not been easy, and it would not have happened without the  strong bipartisanship shown by EPW leaders.   This bill gets us back on track to authorize critical water  infrastructure projects across the country every 2 years, ensuring our  economic vitality and competitiveness. America's Water Infrastructure  Act is in lockstep with President Trump's vision for infrastructure by  growing our economy, cutting redtape, protecting our citizens and their  property, and improving transparency, all the while being fiscally  responsible.   I am particularly pleased, this bill also includes the Securing  Required Funding for Water Infrastructure Now Act or SRF WIN Act  legislation that I had an opportunity to introduce with Senator Booker.  The SRF WIN Act was a truly bipartisan effort, and I would like to give  special thanks to our cosponsors, Senators Barrasso, Cornyn, Inhofe,  Capito, Wicker, Hyde-Smith, Feinstein, Casey, Baldwin, Manchin, and  Senator Whitehouse.   The fact that the SRF WIN Act has cosponsors from across the country  with vastly different political ideologies makes an important point  that infrastructure investment is not a rural issue or a big city  issue. It is not a red State or blue State problem. This is a national  emergency, and it is time we put partisanship aside and show the  American people we can work together to provide safe and reliable  drinking water and wastewater services to Americans in every part of  the country.   The SRF WIN Act is a result of months-long negotiations. It blends  the best ideas available to ensure this commonsense, bipartisan  legislation will work effectively and efficiently, providing millions  and potentially billions in project dollars to communities that have  traditionally not had access to these types of funds.   What the SRF WIN Act does is simple. It combines the efficiency and  trust associated with the State Revolving Funds with the leveraging  power of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act. This  legislation makes the process easier and more affordable for States and  communities to access Federal water infrastructure funding. Simply put,  the SRF WIN Act is a critical component to future water infrastructure  financing.   Congress needs to do a better job providing basic public services  such as safe roads, bridges, and an up-to-date water infrastructure  system. By passing America's Water Infrastructure Act of 2018, Congress  has made water infrastructure investment a top priority. This bill is a  victory for job creators, small and large businesses, every single  State across the country, and consumers. I am pleased to see support  for this bill in the House, the Senate, and the White House.   I urge my colleagues to pass this important legislation, and I again  thank Chairman Barrasso, Ranking Member Carper, Senators Inhofe and  Cardin for their strong bipartisan work. They set a great example of  the good policy outcomes that can be accomplished if we work together.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   