 Madam President, I come to the floor to discuss one of  the most significant responsibilities I have as a U.S. Senator; that  is, providing advice and consent to the President's nominee to the  Supreme Court.   I just had the privilege of hearing from my distinguished colleague  Senator Hatch, Chairman and President Pro Tempore Hatch. I have heard  about the scandals: He drives a minivan. He goes to church on Sunday.  For heaven's sake, he is a Redskins fan?   I applaud the chairman for frankly sharing perspective around some of  the ludicrous arguments being made by the other side about moving  forward with an outstanding nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court, Judge  Kavanaugh.   Confirming a Supreme Court Justice is a lifetime appointment. Laws  come and go, but judges stay on the bench for a lifetime. So it is  critical that we confirm the right person to serve on our Nation's  highest Court.   The American people want a Supreme Court Justice with impeccable  academic credentials--someone who does not legislate from the bench but  upholds the rule of law and follows the Constitution.   A few weeks ago, I had the pleasure of meeting Judge Kavanaugh in my  office. I can say, without a doubt, Judge Kavanaugh should be and is  ready to be our next Supreme Court Justice. Judge Kavanaugh is one of  the most qualified people to ever be nominated to the U.S. Supreme  Court. You may hear from the other side that he is out of the  mainstream. That is simply not true. In fact, the Supreme Court has  adopted Judge Kavanaugh's reasoning more than a dozen times. This gives  him one of the most impressive records of any Federal appellate judge  and hardly places him outside of the mainstream.   During my meeting with Judge Kavanaugh, we had a very thoughtful  discussion about the Founders' vision and intent when they crafted the  Constitution. We discussed the separation of powers. We discussed the  importance of the Second Amendment. Just as he does with his rulings on  the court, Judge Kavanaugh did not focus on his personal opinions but  rather he brought it back to the text of the Constitution and the  historical understanding required. That is exactly what we need on the  Bench from our highest Court.    I want to thank President Trump for nominating such an outstanding  and well-qualified jurist. I would also like to thank Chairman Grassley  for committing to a fair and transparent process for moving Judge  Kavanaugh through this process so that he can be confirmed prior to the  Supreme Court's October term.   I am most confident that Judge Kavanaugh will serve well. I look  forward to casting my vote to confirm him.   I yield back my time.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   