 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I was fortunate enough this week to attend  the American Farm Bureau Federation's annual convention in Nashville,  where I had the opportunity to headline a discussion of the farm bill,  along with my colleague from Kansas on the  [[Page S94]]  Senate Ag Committee and the gentleman from Texas, Congressman Conaway,  who is leading on the House Agriculture Committee, during the  President's commodity meeting. The American Farm Bureau hosted other  farm groups and commodity organizations from across the country to talk  about the next farm bill and to try to bring consensus as to what  agriculture is looking for in farm policy.   In my opportunity to visit with people at the Farm Bureau's annual  meeting, in my remarks, I paid particular attention to the farm bill.  It is a farm safety net. When we talk about a farm bill, I suppose we  ought to highlight that only a small portion of the farm bill is  actually related to farm programs. There are a number of titles to the  farm bill, and most of the money in a farm bill is spent on nutrition  programs and mostly SNAP, but there are other important components of a  farm bill--rural development and conservation. In addition to that  topic, which I have been on the Senate floor speaking about before, are  food aid and support for those who are experiencing famine around the  globe. My opportunity to be with farmers and ranchers from across the  country gave me an opportunity to not only speak about my views as to  what a farm bill should contain but, more importantly, for me to hear  what they had to say that was important to them.   Farm Bureau members from across the country made it clear to me,  first of all, that they would like to see Congress--Republicans and  Democrats in the House and the Senate--and the administration work  together in a bipartisan fashion to get a farm bill done and, prior to  that, to get a disaster relief bill completed, which I hope we will do  yet this month on the Senate floor--both the disaster bill that needs  to get to the President's desk as soon as possible and also a farm bill  that needs to be completed in a timely fashion. The current farm bill  under which we are operating expires in 2018.   Of the things I want to highlight that I heard from Farm Bureau  members while I was there is certainly the importance of crop insurance  and the value it provides, particularly for those of us who live and  farm and work in places where the weather is not often our friend, as  well as just the challenges the current farm bill is creating in  Kansas.   Particularly, the safety net programs PLC and ARC don't work as well  as they should or could. Part of that has to do with timeliness, and  part is the inability and the difficulty in farmers having to choose  between two programs and to predict for a long period--the life of the  farm bill--which makes the most sense to them economically. Whether  they are going to have high prices, low prices, good weather, or bad  weather is a hard thing to know in the life of a farm bill. Again,  because of the issues we have with the current farm bill, timeliness is  important because those provisions that are less than satisfactory  today will be extended if we aren't successful in completing a farm  bill this year.   While the topic of conversation generally revolved around the farm  bill, I want to indicate to my colleagues that so much of what I heard  was about trade, particularly about NAFTA. The reality is, 98 to 99  percent of the mouths to feed are outside of the United States. Farmers  and ranchers earn their livings by feeding a hungry world, and exports  matter to us. There was a lot of concern expressed to me and among the  farmers and ranchers who were gathered there about the potential of the  withdrawal by the United States from NAFTA. Kansas is a good example.  Our largest importer--the place to which we export the most  agricultural commodities--is Mexico.   It is not just about commodities. In addition to the commodities,  there are manufacturing jobs related to food and food products. There  are 36,000 jobs that generate more than $5.7 billion in economic  activity, and approximately 14 percent of all jobs and 10 percent of  all manufacturing jobs are tied to the food and agricultural sectors.  So, when we talk about trade and exports, we are not just talking about  shipping a ton of wheat or a carload of wheat to another country; we  are also talking about all of the jobs here in the United States. It is  not just in growing commodities and not just in raising cattle but all  of the jobs that come from taking those commodities, turning them into  food, and exporting the food to other countries as well.   I have had this conversation with people within the administration  and with my colleagues in the U.S. Senate. I do believe the tax bill we  passed will improve the economy and that farmers, lots of other  business men and women, manufacturers, and others will experience  greater economic opportunity as a result of the passage of the tax  bill. I would highlight that the tax rates are a lot less important if  we don't have income. If something would happen in which we would not  be exporting--for example, if there would be a withdrawal from NAFTA-- the outcome could be that the tax rates would become semi-irrelevant  because the income levels of farmers and ranchers and those who would  have jobs in the food sector would be significantly diminished. Less  income means tax rates don't matter as much as they otherwise would.   Things are really difficult in agriculture today. Commodity prices  are at low prices historically. The challenges are great. Weather, as I  said earlier when speaking about crop insurance, is not always our  friend. Across Kansas, the plea is for rain or snowfall or moisture. It  is dry statewide. The challenges the producers in my State but really  those across the country face are low commodity prices and weather,  which are significant. What that means is, we need every additional  market. We cannot afford to lose any market to which we sell those  commodities. More markets mean higher prices, and more demand means  higher prices. Today, we need every penny we can gain on a bushel of  corn or wheat or soybeans or grain sorghum. We need to make certain we  don't lose markets but that we gain markets.   I commend the President for traveling to Nashville and speaking and  meeting with the American Farm Bureau. I believe it has been 30-plus  years since a President attended a Farm Bureau annual convention. I  know, in my own experience both in the House and the Senate, reporters  have often asked me to analyze what I have heard or haven't heard in a  President's State of the Union Address. It has always been my practice  to listen to a State of the Union Address and hear whether a President  speaks about agriculture, about farmers, about ranchers, about rural  America. Here we had a President who traveled to Nashville and spent  time with those farmers and ranchers of America, and I am pleased the  President did so.   I continue to encourage the administration to remain mindful of the  role agricultural trade plays in our economy. I would indicate that our  withdrawal from NAFTA is a high-risk strategy--a negotiating tactic,  perhaps. It is true we have the highest quality of agriculture products  available in the world, but other countries are very interested in  taking our markets, and any indication that our markets are not going  to continue gives countries like Argentina, Brazil, and others the  opportunity to make the case that they will be stable suppliers. The  things we raise in the United States they can sell and provide in those  countries as well. My point is, we don't have a corner on the market,  and any suggestion that we are not a stable supplier or that the  trading relationship is going to diminish or disappear between two  countries means that others are eagerly seeking to take those markets  away from us.   Given the impact on our Nation's economy, I urge those conference  attendees, those people I visited with in Nashville, to continue to  convey to all of those policymakers the importance of trade and the  importance of trade agreements.   The administration has a desire to develop bilateral as compared to  multilateral trade agreements, and I encourage those negotiations to be  ongoing today. We don't have any time to waste when it comes to finding  new markets and trading relationships with other countries.   Again, I appreciate the President traveling to Nashville and spending  time with farmers and ranchers, and I appreciate the agenda he outlined  in regard to regulatory relief, as well as the issue of broadband, on  which the President spent a significant amount of time, providing  technology to a part of  [[Page S95]]  the country that has, in many instances, been lacking or woefully  inadequate.   But the bottom line is that rural America needs income. We can do  lots of things to improve the quality of life in rural America, but in  the absence of farmer success, in the absence of a farmer and rancher  earning a living, the ability to attract our children or others to come  back to the farm and the ability to retain our young people in the  community to work on a farm diminishes greatly.   One of the questions I received was from a young lady studying in  Texas, and this was her question: What are you doing to make certain  that young people have a chance to be farmers? While my answer was less  than perfect--it is a hard one to answer--it is an important question.  The reality is that the chances of young people having the opportunity  in agriculture to earn a living is totally dependent upon the economic  success of those individuals in agriculture today and what the future  holds. We can find a few programs that might encourage young people to  be able to enter agriculture as a profession and as a career, but the  reality is that it will only work when they are earning a good living,  and that comes, once again, from the safety nets, including crop  insurance, which will be included in a farm bill as it works its way  through Congress this year, but also in the opportunity to see that  every market around the globe is available to the U.S. farmer and  rancher so that he and she will earn a living and so that they will  increase the chances that their sons and daughters have the opportunity  to work side by side with them into the future.   I especially want to thank a few people from the American Farm Bureau  Federation for allowing me to attend and inviting me to attend and to  speak--certainly, President Zippy Duvall, the president of the American  Farm Bureau Federation, from Georgia; Dale Moore, a Kansan who is at  the American Farm Bureau Federation; and Mary Kay Thatcher, their long- time government affairs person. All of those individuals at the  American Farm Bureau Federation do their job so well, but I especially  want to acknowledge the friendship and support of those three  individuals.   I am reminded that no matter where we go, farmers and ranchers have a  lot in common. In addition to their economic importance to communities  across Kansas and around rural America, it is farmers and ranchers that  still today provide a sense of what is right in America--an  understanding of right and wrong, an understanding of the value of  life, integrity, character, and values. It is something that is  important not just to rural America but to our entire United States of  America. So thank you to the farmers who visited with me. Thank you to  the farmers who gave me the opportunity to speak with them and listened  to me. Please know that I am happy and will continue to roll up my  sleeves to work with my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats--the  Senator from Kansas, the chairman of the Ag Committee; and the Senator  from Michigan, the ranking member, Ms. Stabenow. Let's get a good farm  bill done. Let's get it done on time, and let's all work together to  make sure economic activity is alive and well and trade flourishes  between the United States and the rest of the world.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   