 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from California for  leading this Special Order.   What a year and half it has been since I came to Congress. There have  been a lot of positive things that have gone on, and I think Americans  feel that they are better off now.   If you listen to the media and the rhetoric, you wouldn't know it.  Every time I travel home and I talk to the folks in the Third District  of Georgia, I get this sense of optimism, this reality that they are  doing better. Their wages are up. There are more job opportunities.  They are doing better. They feel safer, and they feel more secure.   In spite of what you might have heard on TV and in the other parts of  the media, more than 177 bills have been signed into law in the 115th  Congress. That is the most of any Congress at this point since 2008.  The results are clear: Americans are better off.   I have heard from small businesses like Shred-X in Griffin, Georgia;  Custom Truck and Body Works in Woodbury, Georgia; and Emma Hill  Manufacturing in LaGrange, Georgia. All of these businesses are making  investments. They are expanding. They are being more productive. Most  importantly, they are hiring more people, and they are investing in  their people with higher wages and better training. Families are doing  better throughout our district.   But these businesses are doing more than simply investing in their  people and in their businesses. They are investing in their  communities. So our communities are becoming more helpful.   All of this is a result of a tax reform bill, a better regulatory  environment, and a changing attitude in education that ensures that  people pursue their talents and not just a degree. They are involved in  making sure that they are able to make a living in viable careers for a  long period of time.   It is not just the economy that is making us more secure. We have  invested heavily in our military, and we have fully funded our men and  women serving this Nation. Most importantly, when they returned home,  we have made the changes in the VA that, over time, will make sure that  they have the benefits that they have earned and, quite candidly, that  they deserve.   We have also made investments in many other areas. Think about what  we have been able to accomplish with human trafficking. We are  beginning to take steps to really change how we view addiction and the  opioid crisis. We are making progress, and that is making Americans  better.   So it is easy to get caught up in the news of the moment, to get  clouded from the really good things that are happening. But we are here  to remind America that things are better now because of the work that  we have done in this House of Representatives.   