 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the  Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act.   This is a bill that I introduced in a bipartisan fashion with my  colleagues here on both sides of the aisle in the 114th Congress, and  we passed it in 2016. Here in the 115th Congress, we passed it again,  but we didn't quite get it to the finish line. But here we are.   I want to thank my Democratic colleague from Vermont (Mr. Welch) for  joining me in introducing the legislation. It is much needed.   I want to thank Senator Klobuchar and Senator Thune for finally  getting the Senate to act on this important legislation. This is the  Senate bill. To me, it doesn't matter whose name or what number is on  this bill. It is about good policy getting through to the finish line.   Telephone companies often rely on intermediate providers to connect  calls from larger networks to local service providers. All too often,  especially in rural areas, those calls are poor quality, looped,  dropped, not even connected, or disconnected.   This failure hurts our families, small businesses, farms, and  consumers in rural America who are in need of emergency assistance,  public services, or are simply trying to do business.   Families and businesses in rural America should have the same  communication access as those living in urban areas. Improving rural  call completion rates and quality are important to ensuring the  strength of small towns and granting Americans the choice to live and  thrive in whatever community is best for them and their family--rural,  urban, or wherever.   Our bill will help address this problem by requiring providers to  register with the FCC, the Federal Communications Commission, in order  to meet quality standards and ensure reliable phone service in rural  areas. It also prohibits providers from using intermediary routing  services not registered with the FCC.   After years of hard work in Congress and by stakeholders spread  throughout Iowa, across the heartland, and across the country, I am  happy to see this meaningful legislation finally moving again, and I  urge my colleagues to support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the Energy and Commerce Committee  Chairman Walden; Ranking Member Pallone; and the subcommittee chair and  ranking member, Mrs. Blackburn and Mr. Doyle, for their help and  leadership on this issue.   