 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Madam President, I rise today to stand up for the  hundreds of thousands of young immigrants known as Dreamers, whose  lives President Trump has thrown into terrifying uncertainty.   Immigrant communities have long helped write the economic, social,  and cultural story of my home State of New Mexico and, for that matter,  the entire Nation. That is certainly true for Dreamers, undocumented  immigrants who arrived in the United States as children and are vital  members of communities across New Mexico.   Over the years, I have had the privilege of meeting many of New  Mexico's estimated 7,000 Dreamers. I have met with students who grew up  here and are now striving to become doctors, scientists, teachers, and  even serve in our military. These young people are our children's  classmates. They are our next-door neighbors. They are our colleagues.  They are family members, and many are truly rising stars. In fact, I  would argue that these Dreamers are the future of a great America.   Every day these young people add to the strength of our economy, to  the vitality of our country. More than 97 percent of DACA recipients  are in school or in the workforce.   The DACA Program allowed them to work legally, to get driver's  licenses, to go to college, to serve in our military and give back to  their communities. DACA helped almost 70 percent of recipients secure a  job with better pay, and better pay leads to real investments in our  communities and our economy.   After their DACA applications were approved, nearly two-thirds of  recipients reported buying their first car, and almost one in six  reported buying a new home. DACA recipients also paid billions of  dollars in Federal, State, and local taxes. Why on Earth would  [[Page S119]]  we kick out these contributors to our economy and our country?   The economic impact of removing nearly 700,000 workers from the U.S.  workforce would be staggering. It would cost our economy nearly half a  trillion dollars in GDP loss over the next decade. But passing the  Dream Act could add an estimated $281 billion to the U.S. economy over  the next 10 years. That, to me, sounds like putting America first.   I stand with these Dreamers, and I always have. One of my first  actions when I was in the House of Representatives was to sign on as an  original cosponsor of the Dream Act, which would create a pathway to  legal status and citizenship for Dreamers who pursue higher education  or serve our Nation in uniform. This commonsense, compassionate, and  responsible policy is long overdue for a generation of young Americans.   Since President Trump made the heartless decision to end DACA, I have  held his administration accountable for their mishandling of renewal  applications for DACA recipients. My office has assisted Dreamers in  New Mexico through the DACA renewal process and is actively  participating in meetings with communities and local advocacy groups  throughout the State.   I introduced legislation to safeguard Dreamers' private information,  such as addresses and telephone numbers, so the Trump administration  can't use those to target them or their families for deportation.   When my office learned that the Department of Homeland Security had  arbitrarily rejected hundreds of renewal applications that arrived late  because they were delayed by the Postal Service, I pressed the  administration to take immediate action to reverse its decision. I am  pleased to say that Dreamers whose applications were rejected due to  Postal Service delays were allowed to resubmit their renewals for DACA.  In fact, just last week, the first two DACA recipients in New Mexico,  who brought this to my attention with the help of Catholic Charities,  were told that they could move forward with their DACA renewal  applications.   President Trump's decision means that until Congress passes the Dream  Act, these young members of our communities still face deep uncertainty  about whether they will be able to stay in school, keep working and  contributing to our economy, and remain in the Nation that they call  home.   Congress must pass the Dream Act now. Threatening to deport these  young people who grew up in America and want to contribute to their  Nation will not fix our broken immigration system. Making the American  people foot the bill to build an unnecessary and wasteful border wall-- which families in New Mexico's border communities have told me they do  not want nor do they need--will not fix our broken immigration system.   President Trump and congressional Republicans wasted an entire year  trying to take away American's healthcare and then rushing through tax  breaks for the superwealthy in the final weeks of the year. By  squandering an entire year, they pushed Dreamers aside and put their  lives in jeopardy.   I voted to fund the government through the holidays in hopes that  Congress could finally reach an agreement to pass the Dream Act. We  also urgently need to reauthorize the Children's Health Insurance  Program, fix wildfire disaster funding, provide disaster relief for  Puerto Rico, which is still recovering from Hurricane Maria. Taking  care of these long-neglected and bipartisan priorities is the bare  minimum of governance. Republican leaders in Congress need to take this  opportunity seriously, especially if they expect our support.   I will be fighting every step of the way to pass the Dream Act, and I  encourage all of my colleagues to do the same.   Since President Trump shamefully pulled the rug out from under  Dreamers when he hastily ended the DACA Program, I have spent time  meeting with Dreamers in New Mexico, as well as here in Washington. You  cannot hear their stories without realizing how morally bankrupt the  administration's current policy is. It is impossible for me to convey  the desperation and the fear they are feeling every day that passes  without our passing the Dream Act.   Now is the time to give these young Americans a permanent place in  this great Nation. Enough is enough. Their patience has worn thin with  the President and congressional Republicans using them as political  bargaining chips. It is immoral to play politics with the lives of  these young Americans.   I will say it again. Congress absolutely must pass the Dream Act, and  we have an opportunity to do it now.   We should not stop once we pass the Dream Act. Leaders in Congress  have waited far too long to finally address our Nation's overall broken  immigration system. I still continue to believe that our Nation  urgently needs Congress to pass comprehensive immigration reform, which  includes a visa program that meets the needs of our economy. It is a  tough but fair path to earn citizenship for the estimated 11 million  people in our country who are undocumented and a plan that ensures  community safety and security at our borders.   When I think about immigration, I always wonder how different my own  life would be if America had turned my father away when he immigrated  here as a young boy. Our Nation's enduring spirit has been built by the  hard work and the dreams of so many striving young immigrants like my  father in the 1930s and like so many Dreamers today. No Member of  Congress should be able to rest until Dreamers are able to rest easy,  knowing they will be able to stay and to contribute to literally the  only Nation they have ever called home.   Thank you.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   