 Mr. President, Americans are taking to the skies like  never before. According to the Bureau of Transportation Statistics, a  new high of 74.8 million domestic and international passengers flew in  June of 2018, a 5.8-percent increase compared to last year and a 1- percent increase compared to May. June was the fifth consecutive  monthly increase in system-wide passengers. In the midst of this  growth, Congress has been working on legislation to reauthorize the  Federal Aviation Administration, FAA, which sits at the center of this  tremendously important industry.   Today we are sending a 5-year FAA reauthorization to the President's  desk. While certainly not perfect, on balance, this is a good bill that  takes positive steps for airline workers and customers and also  reauthorizes funding for key programs that help rural airports. At a  time when the Trump administration has sought to either eliminate or  dramatically slash discretionary funding for the Essential Air Service,  EAS, this bill sends a strong, bipartisan signal about the importance  of EAS to rural communities across the country. In addition, this  agreement will end the requirement that airports use toxic firefighting  foam that can poison groundwater. Communities in Vermont have been  forced to confront the aftereffects of the use of these dangerous  chemicals. It is long overdue that we put an end to their use.   I am also pleased that this bill contains a small but important  provision I worked to include that will authorize reimbursement for  preclearance activities in the rail environment. As a longtime advocate  for preclearance, I appreciate the willingness of Chairman Thune,  Ranking Member Nelson, and Chairman Grassley to work with me and  Senator Johnson on this language, which is necessary for establishing  preclearance facilities at Canadian rail stations.   I am concerned, however, about one unrelated piece of legislation  attached to this bill that grants vague and overly broad authority to  the Departments of Justice and Homeland Security to mitigate threats  posed by drones. The Preventing Emerging Threats Act would allow the  government to take control over, destroy, and wiretap drones that pose  a ``credible threat'' to an undefined class of Federal property.  Crucially, it exempts DOJ and DHS from the protections contained in the  Wiretap Act and the Pen Register and Trap and Trace Act, opening the  door to warrantless wiretapping.   While there is undoubtedly potential for drones to be misused in a  manner that could pose a serious threat to citizens and government  buildings, this bill fails to achieve the right balance between  granting DOJ and DHS reasonable authority to confront such threats and  protecting civil liberties. The vague definitions of ``credible  threat,'' ``safety and security'' and ``covered facility or asset''  leave the door open for serious abuse. It is imperative that Congress  remain vigilant in conducting oversight to prevent misuse of this vague  authority.   Despite my serious concerns about the Preventing Emerging Threats  Act, I am supporting this package because it brings stability and  certainty to the FAA and includes other important provisions that  benefit airline passengers, employees, and Vermont. I appreciate the  hard work that went into crafting this compromise. I do not support  everything in this bill, but on balance, it is legislation I will vote  in favor of.   