 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5515, the  National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019.   The bill contains a variety of significant policy funding initiatives  that continue our commitment to maintaining military personnel and  family readiness and addresses issues important to our men and women in  uniform.   The provisions contained in this bill provide our warfighters,  retirees, and their families with pay and benefits necessary to sustain  them in today's highly stressed force.   To that end, this bill increases end strength across the services and  Reserve components, allowing the military services to increase mission  readiness while reducing strain on servicemembers and their families.   It extends pay and bonuses to servicemembers in high-demand fields,  providing the military services with the necessary tools to attract and  retain critical talent.   It improves the Transition Assistance Program to ensure that  servicemembers who are leaving the military receive training and  resources tailored to their post-military career plans.   And it requires a comprehensive review of wounded warrior care and  mental healthcare services, ensuring the highest possible quality of  care to those who have sacrificed for our Nation.   The bill also continues to provide oversight of critical issues  including additional protections for victims of sexual assault,  improvements to the Department of Defense's process for reporting  crimes to the FBI database, and the establishment of a Department of  Defense prescription drug monitoring program to share information with  State drug monitoring programs.   Mr. Chair, in conclusion, I want to thank my colleagues on the  Military Personnel Subcommittee, Ranking Member Jackie Speier, and the  rest of the members of the subcommittee for their contributions to the  mark and support in this process. Their recommendations are clearly  reflected in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year  2019.   Mr. Chair, I strongly urge my colleagues to support this bill.   