 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I know the perception out there is often  that bipartisanship is dead, but the bill we passed this afternoon, the  Coast Guard Authorization Act, is a good reminder that we can still  come together and get things done for the American people.   The bill we just passed overwhelmingly, which is headed to the  President's desk, has been negotiated for almost 2 years. Portions of  this bill have been discussed for over a decade. It is good to see  Senators and Representatives of both parties come together in  compromise on such an important piece of legislation.   We celebrated Veterans Day earlier this week. As always, it was a  powerful reminder of everything we owe to the men and women who keep us  safe, like the men and women of the U.S. Coast Guard. This key branch  of the military is responsible for defending our Nation's waters. The  men and women of the Coast Guard stand on the frontlines preventing  dangerous drugs, weapons, and individuals from entering our country by  sea. When disaster strikes in the form of storms and hurricanes, the  Coast Guard is on the scene conducting search and rescue and carrying  people to safety. We owe the men and women of the Coast Guard a  tremendous debt of gratitude. We owe it to the American people to  ensure that our Nation's coastguardsmen have the tools and resources  they need to carry out their mission.   This bill will improve maritime safety, security, and stewardship. It  gives the Coast Guard the authority it needs to conduct its military  and law enforcement missions and authorizes the equipment it needs to  react to national emergencies.   The bill also creates uniform national ballast water and discharge  standards for commercial vehicles that give industry certainty while  ensuring the protection of our environment. It also reauthorizes the  Federal Maritime Commission and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric  Administration's hydrographic services.   As chairman of the Commerce Committee, I have been honored to work  with dedicated committee members of both parties. I would like to  personally thank the members of our committee for all their hard work  this Congress.   Special thanks on this bill go to Senator Nelson, the committee's  ranking member; Senators Sullivan and Baldwin, the chairman and ranking  member of our Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard  Subcommittee; and to Senators Fischer and Peters, chairman and ranking  member of our Surface Transportation Subcommittee.   I would also like to thank Chairman Barrasso and Ranking Member  Carper from the Environment and Public Works Committee and Chairman  Shuster and Ranking Member DeFazio of the House Transportation and  Infrastructure Committee. They have been great partners. I appreciate  everything they have done to help get this bill across the finish line.   Finally, I would like to thank all the staff from both Chambers who  worked tirelessly--including many late nights and weekends--on this  bill. Without their efforts, the final product would not have been such  a success. While everyone on the team worked hard on the bill, on my  staff, I would like to especially thank Nick Rossi, Adrian Arnakis,  Fern Gibbons, Jason Smith, Patrick Fuchs, Andrew Neely, Chance  Costello, Alison Graab, Frederick Hill, and Brianna Manzelli.   On Senator Nelson's staff, thanks go to Kim Lipsky, Jeff Lewis, Devon  Barnhart, Sarah Gonzales-Rothi, and Catherine Carabine.   From the Environment and Public Works Committee, I want to thank  Richard Russell, Elizabeth Horner, Mary Frances Repko, Andrew Rogers,  Christophe Tulou, and Zach Pilchen.   I also would like to place in the Record the names of the staffers  from our partner committees in the House who played key roles in this  important legislation. On Chairman Shuster's staff, the individuals who  should be thanked include Chris Vieson, Geoff Gosselin, John Rayfield,  Bonnie Bruce, Luke Preston, and Cameron Humphrey. From Ranking Member  DeFazio's staff, thanks goes to Kathy Dedrick and Dave Jansen.   I am sure I have left someone off this list, and for that, I  apologize. It underscores the amount of collective effort that went  into our work here.   I could also easily expand the list to include those at the Coast  Guard and at the Environmental Protection Agency who provided valuable  assistance and technical expertise. We look forward to working with  them on the implementation of this bill.   As I said earlier, the Coast Guard reauthorization that we just  passed is a reminder that we can work together and get things done for  the American people. It is a timely reminder given the election. Last  week, the American people elected a Democratic majority to the House of  Representatives and reelected a Republican majority to the Senate. If  we are going to get things done in the new Congress, we are going to  need to work together.   Here in the Senate, we have spent the past 2 years working on an  agenda to expand opportunities for working families and to put more  money in Americans' pockets. We have also worked hard to ensure that  those who keep our Nation safe have all the tools and resources they  need. We are going to continue that agenda in the lameduck session and  in the new Congress. I really hope Democrats will join us. We can work  together to grow our economy, lift up working families, and protect our  Nation, but it is going to require Democrats to make a choice.   Democrats have spent most of the past 2 years attempting to  relitigate the 2016 election. Losing elections is a fact of life in a  democracy, but Democrats just haven't seemed to be able to let this one  go. Over the past 2 years, they have focused most of their energy on  knee-jerk opposition to anything Republicans or the President propose,  even when they have agreed with us. They routinely delayed confirmation  of the President's nominees--not just the ones they didn't like but the  ones they ended up supporting. They refused to work with Republicans on  an overhaul of our Nation's burdensome, outdated Tax Code even though  Democrats supported many of the measures that ended up in the final  bill. Obviously, there are going to be times when the right thing to do  as a Member of Congress is to oppose. We have a responsibility to say  no when we think a bill or nominee would profoundly damage the country.  But that is not what Democrats have done. Too many of them have made  opposition not a tool to be deployed when needed but their standard  operating procedure.   I say again, Democrats have a choice. They can continue down the path  of partisanship and opposition, or they can decide to start afresh and  to work with Republicans. I hope they choose the latter.   I look forward to working with my Democratic colleagues in this new  Congress on the priorities that the American people sent us here to  work on--to make our economy stronger, to grow at a faster rate, to  create better paying jobs, to raise wages in this country, and to give  future generations of Americans more opportunities at a higher standard  of living and a better quality of life.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.  [[Page S6950]]    