 Mr. President, I, too, want to recognize and say to  Senator Portman, who has been a leading voice in the Senate in the  fight against human trafficking, what a great job he has done getting  us to this point. This was a long, multimonth, as he said, 2-year  effort. Senator Portman has been absolutely relentless in pushing and  driving this process forward. I commend him for his important work,  which will culminate today, I certainly hope, with a big bipartisan  vote in support of the legislation in front of us.   I also commend the bipartisan group of Senators who worked hard to  draft the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act, which includes Senator  Blumenthal, whom we will hear from in just a moment; Senators  McCaskill, Cornyn, and Heitkamp; and as Senator Portman so very  appropriately pointed out, Senator McCain, who has been a passionate  advocate for addressing this issue for so many years too. We wish he  could be here to participate and vote for passage of this legislation,  but we know his work over the years has played an incredibly important  role in getting us to where we are today.   This group also helped lead the effort to conduct important  investigatory oversight that has helped us to get to the point where we  are today.   Last year, as Senator Portman pointed out, I chaired a Commerce  Committee hearing on his bill, where we heard testimony from experts on  both sides of the issue. We listened carefully to what our witnesses  had to say. After the hearing, we worked together to make some targeted  changes to the legislation. The bill that ultimately advanced from our  committee enjoyed, as Senator Portman pointed out, solid support from  the internet industry. It passed the Senate Commerce Committee  unanimously.   The bill is strongly supported by Members of both parties. It has  racked up lots of bipartisan support: 68 out of 100 Senators are now  cosponsors of this bill. The bill is supported by the White House, so  we know that as soon as it leaves the Senate, it will land on the  President's desk, where it will be signed into law.   It is supported by law enforcement organizations, organizations that  fight sex trafficking, and by faith-based organizations.   At our Commerce Committee hearing, we also heard powerful testimony  from Yvonne Ambrose, whose daughter Desiree Robinson was sexually  trafficked repeatedly before being murdered. Desiree was just 16 years  old, a bright and loving girl who dreamed of becoming a doctor in the  Air Force. Instead, she was raped and murdered by a man twice her age  who had sought her for sex after seeing her advertised on an internet  site.   Ms. Ambrose's powerful testimony helped the members of our committee  understand the terrible pain that victims of sex trafficking and their  families are exposed to. I am very thankful to her for sharing  Desiree's story.   This bill has already cleared the House of Representatives by an  overwhelming margin.   I encourage my colleagues in the Senate to reject any attempts to  slow this bill down with amendments. This has been very carefully and  thoroughly vetted through the many processes that Senator Portman  described. We need to get this bill over the finish line and on the  President's desk and signed into law because there are thousands of  children out there who are waiting for our help.   So, again, I commend Senator Portman and our colleagues in the Senate  who have worked tirelessly on this legislation. I hope we have a big  outcome today, and I hope we can do something really meaningful to  address a scourge that this country needs to get rid of.   I know there are others here who have joined us who intend to  participate in this discussion.   I yield to the Senator from Ohio.   