 Mr. President, we are at a crossroads, a historic  turning point for the U.S. Supreme Court and our country. This body is  often called upon to consider court nominations for the district courts  and the courts of appeals, but we are at an extraordinary decision  point for the U.S. Supreme Court--the highest Court in the land, a  branch of government that can shape the law and culture of this country  for generations to come.   When we are called upon to consider a Supreme Court nominee,  ordinarily we have to read tea leaves. Ordinarily we have no way to  know with certainty the values and beliefs that someone will bring to  the Court. Ordinarily Presidents make every effort to persuade us that  their nominees were picked on the basis of merit, not ideology. So  ordinarily we look forward to hearing what nominees tell us about their  beliefs and values, since they are unknown when we first hear their  names.   We live in times that are the opposite of ordinary. These are not  ordinary times. We live at a time when there is, right before our eyes,  an ongoing assault on the rule of law in this country, coming from the  President of the United States on down. We live at a time when the  courts are critically important to our democracy because they are a  bulwark for fundamental rights and liberty, and when the history of  this era is written, I believe that our judiciary and our free press  will be the heroes because they stood between the President defying the  law and preserving those key freedoms and rights that are foundational  to our democracy.   What we know about the President's nominee for the highest Court in  the land--the most important to that effort against this assault on the  rule of law--is that he will ``automatically'' vote to overturn Roe v.  Wade. We know that he will vote effectively to eliminate the Affordable  Care Act and to undermine protections for millions of Americans who  suffer from diabetes, obesity, alcohol abuse, addiction to opioids,  stroke, Parkinson's, and many other preexisting conditions. Millions of  Americans suffer from those kinds of sicknesses, including more than  500,000 Connecticut residents. We are a State of about 3.5 million  people, so you can do the math. There are a lot of Americans who suffer  from preexisting conditions.   We know these facts because we have heard them from none other than  the President of the United States, who said that his nominee would  automatically overturn Roe v. Wade and who berated Chief Justice  Roberts for upholding the Affordable Care Act in his decisive swing  vote. When a President tells you he is trying to eliminate basic legal  rights and liberties for the people of the United States, you better  take him at his word, and I do. But in this case, actually we need not  take the President at his word because we can review the facts--in  fact, the circumstantial evidence surrounding this nomination.   The President has allowed himself to become a puppet of rightwing  fringe groups--the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation,  which have been trying to strike down Roe v. Wade and overturn it for  decades. As one recent news story put it, if you want a seat on the  Supreme Court, the man to see is not Donald Trump; it is Leonard Leo,  the executive vice president of the Federalist Society.   Leonard Leo and the Federalist Society have made clear their desire  to overturn Roe v. Wade for years, and Mr. Leo's friend, Ed Whelan,  brags about Leo's efforts, stating: ``No one has been more dedicated to  the enterprise of building a Supreme Court that will overturn Roe v.  Wade than the Federalist Society's Leonard Leo.''   The President of the United States outsourced this decision to the  Federalist Society and other groups long intent on overturning Roe v.  Wade. They produced for him a list. He selected from that list, and the  rest is an unfortunate, deeply tragic chapter in American history.   The Heritage Foundation has been vehement in its desire to overturn  and strike down the Affordable Care Act and deny many Americans access  to health insurance. It has fought to end protections for people who  suffer from these conditions, and they are not only the ones I have  mentioned but also many others that are common throughout our  society. Its efforts to shape the Supreme Court are a part of a  conscious, concerted strategy in a war on the ACA.    Perhaps as troubling as any other fact about this nominee, to many of  us who have seen the horrific, unspeakable effects of gun violence,  Judge Kavanaugh is the dream candidate of the NRA. He has taken the  view that almost all commonsense, sensible measures to stop gun  violence violate the Constitution.   He is the dream pick of the NRA. He is a nightmare for the students  of Parkland, the survivors of Orlando, Columbine, San Bernardino, and  all of the mass shootings, including Sandy Hook, and all of the victims  and survivors, their loved ones, families, and friends, who know the  tragic effects of those 90 people gunned down every day in America.  Those 90 victims every day in this country who die as a result of gun  violence bear witness to why we should reject this nominee.   Just minutes after Judge Kavanaugh's nomination was announced, the  NRA endorsed him, showering praise on his extreme record against gun  safety. As an appellate judge, Judge Kavanaugh heard the sequel to  Heller, a case regarding the constitutionality of the District of  Columbia's gun registration requirement and semiautomatic assault rifle  ban. On a panel of all Republican appointees, Judge Kavanaugh was the  only judge to vote to strike down both gun safety measures as  unconstitutional.   His basic premise is that gun laws have to be similar or identical to  laws that he considers ``traditional'' or ``longstanding.'' He rejects  bans on assault weapons and gun registration requirements. He has no  clear definition of what is ``longstanding'' and enables a statute to  be upheld. But consider his logic. He has, in effect, ruled out any  statute that bears no resemblance or connection to laws on gun violence  on the books in 1789. That is a breathtaking concept of the  constitutional test that should be applied to measures against gun  violence.   The Founders almost certainly never considered the possibility of  universal background checks at a time when it might have been  impossible to do it anyway and when the kinds of firearms available  were very different than they are now. By Judge Kavanaugh's logic,  [[Page S4898]]  Congress would seemingly be prohibited from requiring universal  background checks, even though more than 90 percent of all Americans  want them on the books.   That is a radical view, even for the far right. Should Judge  Kavanaugh be confirmed to the U.S. Supreme Court, you can say good-bye  to a slew of gun safety measures around the country in States like  Connecticut, California, New York, or, now, Florida. Many other States  are realizing that they should be on the right side of history and the  right side of the American people and adopt commonsense, sensible  measures. They would be struck down by the logic that Judge Kavanaugh  would bring to the Supreme Court. We would have fewer safeguards  against the scourge of gun violence.   There is now one mass shooting every day and 90 deaths every day in  America. This country is in the midst of an epidemic of gun violence--a  public health emergency. With Judge Kavanaugh as a member of the  Nation's highest Court, this epidemic would continue unabated.   This nominee is part of a concerted, coordinated effort to roll back  the clock, to take the Nation back to a time--one of our darkest eras-- when abortion was criminalized, when women died and they were denied  access to contraception and the morning-after pill, when Americans were  denied healthcare because of those preexisting conditions, and when  civil rights, LGBT rights, voting rights, and workers' rights were  largely ignored.   That prospect is frightening. For President Trump, the nomination of  Judge Kavanaugh is about more than just undermining or eviscerating  these fundamental rights. It is about undermining and eviscerating the  rule of law.   Judge Kavanaugh has written that the President can refuse to enforce  a law if he believes that it is unconstitutional--if he alone believes  it is unconstitutional--even if that law was duly passed by Congress  and upheld by the courts. He has written that special counsels--like  Robert Mueller, who is investigating the President--should be appointed  only by the President and should be removable by the President. Under  that rule, Robert Mueller never would have been appointed as special  counsel, and the President would be able to fire him for no reason at  all--except that he is investigating the President.   Finally, Judge Kavanaugh has written that the President should not  have to deal with those responsibilities or burdens that the rest of  us, ordinary Americans, fulfill. A President under Judge Kavanaugh's  rule could not be investigated or indicted, could not be held  accountable under the law, and would not have to respond to a civil  suit, a subpoena, or a request to be investigated by law enforcement.  He need not be interviewed by the FBI or cooperate with law enforcement  because under Judge Kavanaugh's concept the President is above the law.  Nothing is more fundamental, no principle more sacrosanct in this  country--no one is above the law. No President. No one is above the  law.   A President who has demonstrated unprecedented disdain for the rule  of law has nominated a Justice who will tell him he can ignore the law.  A President who has fought tooth and nail against the special counsel's  investigating some of the most serious crimes has nominated a Justice  who would allow him to fire the special counsel at will for no reason.  A President who faces not only the prospect of indictment but an  ongoing civil suit brought by nearly 200 Members of Congress--I am  proud to be leading them--for his violation of the chief anti- corruption provision in the Constitution would be declared above the  law, immune from lawsuit and accountability.   We are going to continue with that lawsuit to make sure that the  President obeys the Constitution and comes to Congress for consent  before he accepts the payments and benefits in the hundreds of millions  of dollars that he is doing every day. Judge Kavanaugh would absolve  him of accountability.   These are no ordinary times. In the coming days, I will be speaking  out on other areas where Judge Kavanaugh would undermine the rights of  everyday Americans and put the rights of corporations and special  interests above them.   Judge Kavanaugh would prevent Congress and the States from passing  commonsense gun violence laws that will save lives. He would invalidate  a slew of existing laws in States across the country, and he would  leave powerful corporations to prey on consumers, workers, and anybody  who wants to breathe clean air or drink clean water.   These prospects are not imaginary or abstract. Read his opinions and  his writings. In one area of law after another, Judge Kavanaugh poses a  clear and present danger to our fundamental liberties, to effective  government, and to the rule of law. To the people who say to me ``What  can we do?'' our challenge is a call to action. It is to mobilize and  galvanize America, just as we did during the healthcare debate, when  they said the Affordable Care Act would be repealed, and we mustered  Americans' sense of outrage and alarm.   I say to the students of Parkland who spoke so eloquently and  movingly, your time has come; to the patients who came to my townhalls  in Connecticut and spoke so powerfully about their fear of what would  happen to them and their insurance coverage if preexisting conditions  were declared in violation of those insurance policies, your time has  come; to all who care about civil rights and civil liberties, workers'  rights, and gay rights, your time has come. We need to hear your voice  here, just as we did during the healthcare debate, as powerfully and  eloquently. The challenge is yours in stopping this nomination, as it  is our responsibility to demand specific answers that this nominee  recuse himself from any consideration of the President's financial  dealings or the special counsel and to reject the phony platitudes and  the evasive and vague answers that have been accepted before, because  we know that the old platitudes adhering to settled precedent is  meaningless. We do not live in ordinary times. We need extraordinary  efforts to make sure that the U.S. Supreme Court remains faithful to  the rule of law.   I yield the floor.   