 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to explain my opposition to the  bill that is before the Senate, the banking deregulation bill, S. 2155.   First, I would like to say I am appalled this is how the Senate is  spending its time this week. Three weeks ago, 17 students and teachers  were murdered when a teenager, armed with an AR-15 decorated with  swastikas, opened fire at Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida, but  this week we are not banning the sale of high-capacity magazines that  enable mass shooters to fire 30, 40, or even 100 rounds without  stopping to reload; we are not closing the gun show loophole or  stopping violent people from buying assault weapons online with the  click of a mouse; we are not taking steps to report more cases of  severe mental illness to the National Instant Criminal Background Check  System; we are not even passing President Trump's proposal to raise the  age one can buy an assault weapon to 21 years. Simply put, this week we  are not doing anything to stop the next mass shooting from taking  place.   So what are we doing this week?   Well, this week the Republican majority has brought to the floor  legislation rolling back safeguards we passed after the financial  crisis of 2008--not exactly something the American people have been  clamoring for.   I want to be clear why I oppose this bill as written. It is not that  I don't support measures that provide meaningful relief to small banks,  credit unions, and consumers. I do. It is not that I don't believe in  reexamining regulations and ways to reduce compliance costs. I do. It  is not that I don't agree with efforts to better calibrate the rules of  the road for small banks and credit unions while strengthening  protections for consumers investors and taxpayers. I do. Indeed, I  would support a bill like that, but that is not the bill we have before  us today.    The bill before us today brings back risky mortgage lending practices  that increase the likelihood of foreclosures. It undermines our efforts  to police discriminatory lending practices, and it would allow 25 of  America's 38 biggest banks to escape the safeguards we adopted after  the 2008 financial crisis--a crisis that destroyed more than $12  trillion worth of American wealth, required huge bank bailouts, sent  our economy into a tailspin, and saddled us with the great recession.   Ten years later, it is worth remembering what caused that crisis-- mortgages designed like ticking timebombs for home buyers and for our  economy at large, large financial institutions making risky bets on  those risky mortgages, and regulators who turned a blind eye to these  risks. Borrowers were steered into loans with low interest rates, often  below 4 percent at the start, but once the promotional period ended,  these teaser rates disappeared, higher interest rates kicked in, and  millions of borrowers suddenly saw their mortgage payments go through  the roof--even doubling, in many cases. Between 2004 and 2006, one- third of all adjustable rate mortgages were designed this way, and at a  time of stagnant wages, millions of families couldn't keep up. That is  why a wave of foreclosures overtook our housing market--displacing  families, decimating home values, and destabilizing neighborhoods. From  2006 to 2014, more than 9.3 million families lost their homes to  foreclosure, sold their homes at a significant loss, or surrendered  their homes to the bank.   For communities of color, the crisis was even worse. African-American  and Latino borrowers were at least twice as likely to receive a higher  cost loan than White applicants, even when controlling for income and  credit scores, and they were nearly 50 percent more likely to face  foreclosure during the crisis.   So what did we do about it? Well, we passed laws to stop lenders from  offering mortgages that were, in many ways, doomed to fail. We said  that from now on banks and mortgage lenders would have to make a  reasonable and good-faith determination that borrowers could pay back  their loans by looking at income, employment, credit history, monthly  expenses, and other metrics. We prohibited banks from using these  teaser rates to determine whether a borrower could repay a loan. We did  the sensible thing, and we required them to make sure that borrowers  could actually afford their payments once the higher interest rates  kicked in.   We also passed reforms to better catch discriminatory lending  practices because we know that, in many cases, the riskiest products  were offered to minority communities. We asked banks to provide data  that they already collected on things like debt-to-income ratios,  credit scores, loan-to-value ratios, interest rates, and loan terms.  This way, we could better identify emerging risks and possible  discriminatory lending practices in our communities. Were all of these  reforms perfect? Of course not. Have they made our mortgage lending  system safer, smarter, and fairer for credit borrowers? Absolutely.  Does that mean we still don't face challenges? No. New Jerseyans know  that. Our State still suffers the highest rate of foreclosure in the  Nation, and many New Jersey neighborhoods still struggle with frequent  foreclosures, abandoned homes, and their painful consequences.   Likewise, discrimination still persists. I was appalled by a report  released in January that showed African-American and Latino families-- even controlling for income, loan amount, and location--continue to be  disproportionately denied conventional mortgages. These practices are  nothing short of modern-day redlining. We see it in Camden, NJ, for  example, where Black applicants are still more than 2\1/2\ times  likelier to be denied than White applicants.   Now, 10 years after the crisis, Congress is poised to turn back the  clock. Under this bill, some banks will once again be able to offer  mortgages with teaser rates of 4 percent that more than double in just  2 years, without ever verifying if a borrower could afford a 9-percent  interest rate, and all they have to do is keep the loans on their  books.   This bill will excuse 85 percent of banks from sharing the data we  need to identify discrimination and ensure all creditworthy borrowers  have a fair shot at the American dream of home ownership. So if this  sounds familiar, that is because it is. History is repeating itself.   Beyond making mortgage lending riskier and less fair, this bill  removes guardrails we put in place for 25 of the 38 largest banks in  the country. These are the banks identified as systemically important  during the crisis--the banks that received $47 billion in bailouts.   Now, I appreciate my colleagues who point out this bill's benefits  for community banks and credit unions--and I mean that. That is a good  thing. But I fear these provisions mask giveaways that will make big  banks bigger and, ultimately, hurt smaller banks struggling to compete.  Under title IV, for example, this bill significantly cuts oversight of  banks with assets between $50 billion and $250 billion.   Have we forgotten so quickly the lessons we learned after the crisis?  Do we not remember how the government had to arrange forced mergers of  Countrywide, with $200 billion in assets, and National City, with $145  billion in assets, because their near-failures worked to spread risk  from Wall Street to Main Street?   Do we really want to weaken these guardrails--the stress tests and  the capital planning requirements to ensure that banks can survive a  crisis, the living wills that ensure they have a feasible way to unwind  if things go badly, and the minimum liquid assets they must hold in the  event they lose access to funding markets?   When taxpayer dollars are on the line, I don't think it is unfair to  ask big banks to be safe and smart. On the contrary, it is unfair to  the American people who will have to bail them out when and if they get  into trouble.   Supporters of this bill are quick to point out that it preserves the  Federal Reserve's authority to take action if they become concerned  about a bank with less than $250 billion in assets. Well, forgive me  for not having confidence in regulators with a long history of doing  too little too late. That is exactly the kind of risk that taxpayers,  [[Page S1570]]  homeowners, and investors can't afford.   As the chairman of the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission recently  wrote, ``history has shown, time and again, that the failure of  financial firms that are not among the largest mega-banks can pose  systemic risks to financial stability.'' According to the Congressional  Budget Office, these weaker protections make it even more likely that  taxpayers will once again have to bail out banks.   At the end of the day, this bill injects tremendous risk into the  system and undercuts our tools to have our financial cops on the beat  actually work to monitor the risk. So that leaves taxpayers on the hook  if risk then turns into crisis. Rather than protecting families, this  bill is packed full of goodies for large banks and special interests,  because consumers--the families who would suffer the most in another  crisis--don't have a seat at the table.   As a member of the Banking Committee, I worked in good faith to amend  this bill and make it better. I offered an amendment called  Christopher's Law to better protect consumers like the Bryski family in  New Jersey. While mourning the tragic loss of their son Christopher,  the Bryskis were stunned to learn that they would be responsible for  paying an education their son could never use because they had cosigned  his private student loan. I appreciate that my colleagues incorporated  major components of Christopher's Law to protect families that suffer  the tragic loss of a loved one into the manager's package for this  bill.   When you look at the totality of the bill's provisions, the fact  remains that we couldn't get an inch for consumers in exchange for the  miles this bill gives to big banks. Take, for example, my amendment to  enhance protections for military servicemembers who often struggle to  protect their credit while they are serving our country abroad or the  amendment I offered to prevent the rewards of this bill from flowing to  banks that adopt punishing, Wells-Fargo-style sales cultures that put  consumers at risk. These are just some of the pro-consumer, commonsense  amendments that were rejected in the Banking Committee.   Ultimately, I still believe Congress could pass legislation that  provides targeted relief to community banks and credit unions, but not  in exchange for erasing the standards that protect working families and  our economy from systemic risk. So you can bet that I will be working  here on the floor to get those amendments included in full. Senator  Cortez Masto and I will offer an amendment to ensure that banks report  the data we need to police against discriminatory lending practices.   Likewise, I am offering an amendment to require that consumer  reporting agencies like Equifax quickly disclose data breeches and  require a Federal study of how these breeches impact consumers over the  long haul.   Finally, I am proposing an amendment that requires mutual funds to  disclose to their shareholders whether they invest in the gun industry,  because it is downright offensive to be considering a banking bill this  week instead of pressing corporate America to step up in the fight  against gun violence that rips our country apart year after year.   These measures, if adopted, would make a bad bill a bit better, but  as we quickly approach the 10-year anniversary of the government-backed  bailout of Bear Stearns, I cannot, in good conscience, vote to remove  the guardrails we put in place to prevent big banks from playing fast  and loose with our economy in the first place.   The financial crisis and recession stripped trillions of dollars in  wealth from communities all across the country. While banks were bailed  out, families were left reeling with the consequences. From foreclosure  to job losses to hard-hit retirement accounts and falling home values,  the American people bore the brunt of the financial crisis. For years,  Washington protected Wall Street from sensible regulations when we  should have been protecting consumers. Unfortunately, it took the  greatest financial crisis since the Great Depression for us to pass the  Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act for us to make a  fundamental choice to reject a system that took advantage of consumers  and instead stand for a banking system that is more fair, transparent,  and accountable to the American people.   To quote the Spanish philosopher George Santayana, ``those who cannot  remember the past are condemned to repeat it.'' Only in Washington  would anyone think it is a good idea to commemorate the 10-year  anniversary of the financial crisis with a bill that dares big banks to  get bigger and increases risks to taxpayers.   I look forward to the day when this Congress strives to do better by  the working families who lost their homes, their jobs, and their life  savings during the crisis. Hard-working families had to fight their way  back from the recession without bailouts and are counting on us to  fight for them in Washington, and that is what I intend to do.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   