 Mr. President, I come before you today to talk about the  historic tax reform legislation that was passed in the U.S. Congress  and signed into law by the President at the end of the year and talk  about what we learned since then, even in the last week.   We created this legislation with two goals in mind. One was to  provide middle-class tax relief to families. The other was to provide  our businesses and our workers with a more competitive tax code. This  is something that became very clear to all of us as we looked at it,  that unfortunately we were asking our workers here in America to  compete with one arm tied behind their backs because of our Tax Code.  It has been a couple of months now since this legislation became law,  and both of those two goals we set out  [[Page S811]]  are being achieved. It is already happening.   In January, the Internal Revenue Service updated its tables for  withholding. In other words, they went to employers and said: Because  of the tax cuts, you should withhold less money in every paycheck.   That is happening. The Treasury Department tells us that 90 percent  of American workers are having their withholding changed in a way that  is positive for them, meaning that Uncle Sam is taking less out of  their paychecks. People are already starting to see that. Tomorrow is  Friday--another payday--and you are probably going to see that on your  paycheck tomorrow or a week from tomorrow, if you haven't already seen  it. That means that people are actually getting relief directly for  themselves and their families. This is more take-home pay for folks and  enables people to have a better family budget.   With higher healthcare costs and other costs for years and years and  no salary increase, having a little more in the family budget is really  important to folks, and it is making a difference. In Ohio, for a  family of four at the median-income level, which is about $70,000 a  year, this means about a $2,000-a-year savings. That is significant for  people. I have talked to a lot of constituents who were beginning to  see this, and they are realizing they have a little more money for  retirement, maybe for healthcare, maybe to help their kids or their  grandkids. That is good.   There is something else that is in the bill that hasn't gotten much  attention; that is, the fact that there were 3 million Americans who  were paying taxes previously, who had income tax liability, who do not  now. Why? Because when you lower the tax rate, some of these people,  who are typically the working poor--in other words, they are working,  but they are not making much in income--now have the ability to get out  from under taxes altogether. This also encourages more people to not be  dependent on a government program but to go to work, if there is this  lower tax rate at the lower end of the economic scale. So that is good  too. That is in this tax legislation.   More than 3 million people do not have tax liability anymore. Part of  it is because of the lower rates we talked about. Again, the proof is  in the paycheck on that one. Part of it is because in this legislation,  we double the standard deduction and also double the child credit and  make it more refundable than it already is. That is happening, and it  is working. That goal has already been achieved--not by this Congress  but by the people we represent, the American people and families across  this great country. We are happy to see that.   The second part of this is that a more competitive business code is  benefiting workers very directly. This is something we are hearing  about just about every day. Over 300 businesses have made announcements  saying: You know what, we are going to give people a bonus because of  the tax reform legislation. We are going to give our employees a little  higher starting wage. We are going to put more in the 401(k)s or more  in the defined benefit pension plan. Maybe we are going to give a  little more to charity, or maybe we are going to invest more in  equipment and tools so that people can be more productive, because  productivity, as we know, is key to getting wages up and improving the  economy. We are hearing this across the board all over the country.   I have seen this in Ohio. I have been to companies in my hometown of  Cincinnati, in Columbus, OH, in Dayton, OH, and in Cleveland just in  the last month. I have gone and visited with these companies while they  have been making announcements and have talked to the employees in a  townhall meeting setting, where they have had the opportunity to have a  back-and-forth as to what this tax reform measure means to them. Yes,  it means direct tax cuts for them, as it does for about 90 percent of  American workers. On top of that, it means that because these  businesses now have the ability to be more competitive, it makes them  more competitive, and they are already getting some of the benefits  from that.   Last week, I joined President Trump in Cincinnati at one of these  companies. It is called the Sheffer Corporation. This is a small  manufacturing business that has decided to make new investments in its  plant and equipment. That is going to help make it more competitive and  make its workers more productive. It competes globally. It is an  incredible company. It makes pneumatic and hydraulic cylinders. It  makes them this big, and it makes huge ones. It competes all around the  world, and it is doing a great job. Frankly, this tax reform bill  really helped them.   On top of that investment it is making, it is also making a direct  investment in its employees. Every employee--all of the 126 people who  work there--received a $1,000 bonus check after the tax legislation was  signed into law. So it is helping them.   The company's president is a guy named Jeff Norris. Just before the  visit we had earlier this week, he said that for some people in  Washington, that is crumbs, referring to how some people have called  getting this tax relief crumbs. He said: ``But for the Sheffer people,  we consider that fine dining.'' Another way to put it is, this makes a  difference for people in their lives and for their families.   This was all made possible by lowering the tax rate. Of the developed  countries around the world, of the countries that are industrialized,  we had the highest statutory tax rate of all of the countries. So our  35 percent rate was higher than in places in Europe, Asia, Latin  America, and so on. We were getting higher than our competitors-- Canada, Mexico, and so on--and that is one reason people were choosing  to shift overseas, to take, literally, the company and move it  overseas. That is called an inversion.   Last year, we were told that three times as many American companies  were bought by foreign companies as the other way around. Think about  that. Three times as many American companies were bought by foreign  companies, which was largely driven by this Tax Code.   We have also heard from Ernst & Young, which is a big accounting  firm. It did an analysis, and it said that 4,700 American companies  have become foreign companies over the past 10 years or so because of  the Tax Code. If we had had the kind of Tax Code that we just put in  place with this legislation that was passed here, those companies would  still be American companies. Those are 4,700 companies. Those are a lot  of people, and that is a lot of investment.   We studied this in the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations--a  bipartisan investigation--and looked at what happens when these  companies go overseas. It is probably no surprise to you that they take  their jobs and investments with them. So when a company pulls up stakes  here and goes overseas, it is not just about moving one's corporate  headquarters; we found it is also about having less employment here  directly but also indirectly because companies that supply them-- contractors--have less employment, and they are also making their  investments increasingly overseas.   As we studied this, we also found that companies were actually taking  the money they had made overseas and were keeping it all overseas  rather than bringing it back here and repatriating it, even though they  were U.S. companies. This is something we studied as part of a  bipartisan Finance Committee working group I cochaired with Senator  Chuck Schumer. We found that unless you lowered this rate and went to a  more competitive international system, you were not going to get that  money back.   Part of what this will do is what we talked about in terms of  improving the lives of workers here in America, but part of what it  will also do is repatriate. It will bring back some of that money that  has been stuck overseas, the so-called lockout effect. How much is  that? Economists think it is somewhere around $3 trillion; some say  more.   You might have seen recently that Apple announced that it was  bringing hundreds of billions back here, repatriating that money back  here. They are also going to pay I think about $38 billion in taxes to  the U.S. Treasury, but that is worth it to them to bring back that  money. We want them to bring that money here. Why? We don't want it  invested overseas in a research and development facility there or in a  [[Page S812]]  factory there; we want it invested here, right? That is what this tax  reform does.   That is why, as exciting as it is for these workers and for these  companies to make these decisions, and their helping people right now  is very important, I think of the bigger investments we are going to  hear of down the line. The next time a big American company that has a  global business asks, ``Where am I going to put my factory? Where am I  going to do my research and development?'' it is going to say, ``We are  going to do it here in America.'' That is what is very exciting to me.   Let's get back to having wages that are going up consistently rather  than the relatively flat wages we have seen really over the past couple  of decades, and let's see a renewal of hope and opportunity here. I  think this is exciting, and I think we will see more of it.   Just in the past week, by the way, we have seen seven more major  companies announce higher compensation for their employees: CVS in the  last week, Tyson in the last week, Chipotle, Best Buy, Charter  Communications, Lowe's, FedEx. This is just in the last week. In total,  these companies have 1.3 million employees who are now going to benefit  on top of all of the other 300 announcements we talked about earlier.  They are going to benefit from increased investments that these  businesses will be able to make because of this new tax reform. This is  good news, and it is good news for the people I represent.   In Ohio, some of our larger employers have already made their  announcements. Fifth Third Bank, headquartered in Cincinnati, employs  8,800 Ohioans and announced it will raise its base wage for entry-level  people and give $1,000 bonuses to all of its 13,500 employees.   Nationwide Insurance, headquartered in Columbus, employs 15,000  Ohioans. It is going to increase 401(k) matches, so the match that it  gives to people's 401(k) contributions is going to increase. That is  great for one's retirement savings. It is going to do that for 33,000  employees around the country. It is also going to give $1,000 bonuses  to 29,000 of its employees.    JPMorgan is probably the third biggest employer in Ohio now of all  the private sector employers. It employs about 21,000 Ohioans, mainly  in the Columbus area. Some of you know that because it is a huge  presence in Polaris North Columbus. It has announced it is going to add  4,000 new jobs. Its base wage is going to be raised for 22,000  employees. It is going to increase its charitable donations and its  small business lending. It says it is all because of this tax reform  legislation. That is good news.   Our biggest employer in Ohio is Walmart. It may be in your State too.  There are 50,000 Ohioans who work for Walmart. It has announced it is  going to raise its base wage for all hourly employees, distribute  $1,000 bonuses, expand maternity and parental leave opportunities, and  increase funds for employee adoption expenses. It is our largest  employer.   Other Ohio employers that have announced something include Fiat  Chrysler and the Jeep plant, up in Toledo, which we are so proud of,  and Home Depot. We talked earlier about Lowe's and AT&T. They have all  announced increased investments in their operations and their workers  as a result of the tax reform.   I am excited about this. It is actually working in a way that many of  us had hoped it would and said it would. Really, there have been more  announcements even than I think the most optimistic tax reform  advocates expected. I think we are going to see a lot more over time  because ultimately this is about making the United States a better  place to do business.   By the way, some of these companies are not American companies; they  are foreign companies that choose to invest in America. Foreign direct  investment is something we encourage because that brings more jobs here  to this country. So if a company like Honda, which is a big auto  employer in Ohio, chooses to invest more in Ohio rather than in Japan  or China or Germany or elsewhere because of this tax reform  legislation, that is also important. We are going to see more and more  of that happening, in my view, because they are looking at the lower  rates, and they are looking at the ability to expense what they have  purchased more quickly in terms of plants and equipment. This immediate  expensing is very important in this legislation for companies like that  and manufacturers. So this is not just about American companies staying  here rather than going overseas; it is also about foreign companies  that are choosing to come here and to hire American workers, which is  also good for us.   I am hoping that a combination of this tax reform and what is being  done on the regulatory front to make regulations better--particularly  for smaller businesses that were feeling a lot of that burden--and  American hard work and ingenuity, as well as rewarding that ingenuity  better, is going to help America compete in this global marketplace in  ways we haven't done for many years.   The historic tax reform is basically putting America back in a  position in which people are now going to look to us again and say:  America is the kind of model that I want to follow.   The American free enterprise system and the system where, if you work  hard and play by the rules, you can get ahead, where you can achieve  your dream in life, was something some people were beginning to  question. Now I think this helps to polish our image, which has become  somewhat tarnished as wages had been flat and we were kind of stuck in  low economic growth--1\1/2\ to 2 percent growth. Now I think we have  the opportunity to break out more and to be that beacon of hope and  opportunity for the rest of the world and, most importantly, to give  people the opportunity to achieve their American dreams, whatever they  are.   Mr. President, I want to talk about another topic, and this is not a  happy topic. It is also in the news these days, as are the growing  economy and the increased jobs and the benefits of the tax reform. But  this is news that you will also see on the front pages and on the  nightly news of your local TV stations. It is unfortunate news, and  that is the fact that we still have this growing epidemic of drug use  in this country that is connected to opioids. This is something that  has grown over time and kind of started with prescription drug use,  which grew pretty dramatically back in the 2000s. Then it became  heroin. Probably 3 or 4 years ago, one began to see people shift from  heroin to other forms of opioids that are called synthetic opioids,  such as fentanyl or carfentanil.   Unfortunately, this issue has gripped our country. In my State in  particular--and Ohio is one of the States that have been hardest hit-- we have more people addicted, we have more people who are overdosing  from these drugs, and we have more people who are dying because of the  overdoses than ever before. Last year, in 2017, we had more overdose  deaths than we had in 2016.   I think we have good ideas to begin to turn the tide. This Congress  has started to work on that, and I applaud Congress for that. We are  beginning to see some of those programs work, but we have a long way to  go.   One reason that I think the legislation we are going to vote on later  today is so important is that it provides more funding to be able to  deal with the opioid crisis. We need it. I wish we didn't. We need it.  We need it for better prevention and education to keep people from  getting into the funnel of addiction in the first place. We also need  it for treatment, and we need it for longer term recovery, which is  sometimes quite expensive, but it requires us to look at this issue in  different ways.   Historically, short-term treatment programs have not been very  successful. A lot of people go through these treatment programs and  come out the other end. They might be clean for a while, but typically  there are a lot of people who go back to their addictions. The  recidivism rate is very high.   What we want is for people to go through treatment and get clean at  the other end and be able to get back on their feet and restore their  ties to their families, their work, and their communities. This longer  term recovery, in my view, after studying this issue for many years, is  a very important part of that. It is providing, yes, the medically  assisted drug treatment that is sometimes needed for one to be able to  get through the addiction, and to get into  [[Page S813]]  a good treatment program often is assisted through medically assisted  treatment. Yet what is more important to me as I look at this and talk  to a lot of people--I have talked to probably 1,000 addicts and  recovering addicts just in the last couple of years in Ohio--is to  surround these people with the right kind of counseling and the right  kind of support, including peer support--others who have been through  addiction and recovery and have gotten on their feet, those who are  recovering addicts. There is a cost to that.   Some would ask: Well, is this really the Federal Government's role? I  would say yes. It is a national epidemic, and it needs to be approached  at every level--the national level, the State level, and the local  level. Ultimately, it is not going to be solved here in Washington; it  is going to be solved in our communities.   I will tell you that the degree of damage that this is causing to our  communities, our families, our budgets locally, and our criminal  justice system requires us to take a more aggressive role at the  national level. Take best practices from around the States and local  communities and spread those nationally as an example. Provide seed  money, combined with local money, so they can actually get treatment  programs up and going in areas where people cannot get treatment. Even  though they are ready to deal with their addictions, they don't have  beds and don't have places to go.   The Federal Government also plays a role already. With Medicaid  reimbursement, for instance, if you have a treatment center and if you  are providing MAT, or medically assisted treatment, and you have more  than 16 beds, you cannot get Medicaid reimbursement. That doesn't make  any sense. We have some very good treatment centers in Ohio that have  16 beds, but they could have twice that many or even three times that  many and provide more help. Yet, because of the way the Federal  Government chooses to reimburse, that is not practical. So there are  issues with which the government has to be involved.   In my home State of Ohio, overdose deaths are the No. 1 cause of  death in my State. Nationally, among those who are under 50, it is the  No. 1 cause of death. In Ohio, we had more deaths from overdoses from  synthetic opioids--the new drugs like fentanyl and carfentanil--than we  did anything else. About 58 percent of our deaths were from the  synthetic opioids. So it is changing from prescription drugs to heroin  and now to these synthetic drugs.   We have a real crisis on our hands. It is the No. 1 cause of crime in  my community and throughout my State. It probably is in yours too. If  you think maybe you are not affected by it because you don't have a  family member or friend or coworker who was affected, then you don't  see it clearly. I would suggest we are all affected because we are all  paying for it in additional healthcare costs, additional costs for  prosecutions and incarcerations, additional costs in crime in our  communities, in families being torn apart, and more kids in foster care  under State supervision, in some way, because we have record numbers  now in my home State because of their parents being addicted. This is a  huge issue, and I think it is one we need to focus on at every level,  including at the national level.   With regard to fentanyl, just a very little bit, a few flakes of it,  can kill you. It is incredibly powerful. It is considered to be 50  times more powerful than heroin. It is cheap, it is easily accessible,  and it can be spread to other drugs, which is increasingly happening.  We are told by law enforcement that it is being used now with cocaine  and even, in some cases, marijuana. Certainly it is packaged into pills  to make it look like a prescription drug when it is really fentanyl- laced. This stuff can be just deadly.   This week I had some people come into my office talking about it, and  I asked them whether they thought we were turning the tide, and their  answer was no because of the fentanyl, this new drug that is  inexpensive, this synthetic that is coming into our country, believe it  or not, primarily from overseas through the U.S. mail system.   Just last week, in Logan County, OH, a 12-year-old girl brought a  plastic bag containing fentanyl to her middle school. Thankfully, a  teacher found the bag and called the police to safely remove the drug.  Think about that. In that middle school, this drug could have killed  numerous kids. While police are looking into how this possibly could  have ended up in the hands of a 12-year-old, how fentanyl ends up in  the United States is no mystery. We now know the answer to that. We  have done studies on it.   We spent a yearlong investigation looking into this issue, and what  we found out was pretty shocking, which is fentanyl, which is this  growing drug killing more people in Ohio than any other drug now,  doesn't come in the way you might think, maybe overland. It typically  comes through the U.S. mail system. Primarily, it comes from China.   Does it come from other countries? Yes. Sometimes it is shipped from  China to another country and then to the United States. Some other  countries may now be making it but law enforcement tells me it is  primarily through the mail system and primarily from China.   Now, you might ask, why is it coming through the mail system, and why  are we letting that happen? Well, it is happening because if you try to  send it through one of the private carriers like DHL or FedEx or UPS,  you have to provide a lot of information on the package. You probably  know this if you are shipping stuff. You have to provide what is in it,  where it is from, and where it is going. You have to provide that in  advance, and it is provided electronically in advance to law  enforcement. In Ohio, the DHS and UPS can go to the facilities and  target a package and say: Uh-huh. This is from a certain region. This  has a certain suspicious address where it is going, maybe it is an  abandoned warehouse and post office box where they know there have been  drugs shipped before, maybe the contents don't add up and they can  target that package and get that package offline and destroy it. By the  way, when they do that, trust me, they are wearing gloves and masks in  special rooms now where they can try to avoid being damaged by this  drug because they are incredibly dangerous; whereas, in the U.S. mail  system, there is not a requirement.   Now they are starting to require it more, and this year, thanks to  the work of some of us who have been pushing this for a couple of years  now, they are doing a better job than last year, but this last year  only 38 percent of packages had electronic advanced data on it--only 38  percent--whereas, with these other carriers, it is 100 percent. Of that  38 percent, sadly, 20 percent of the time, when law enforcement said:  OK, we hear this information about this package, we want to pull it  off, 20 percent of the time the post office couldn't produce the  package so it went to the post office box or abandoned warehouse. A  package this big can have hundreds of thousands of people affected.  Just think about it, just a few grams of this can kill you. So the post  office needs to provide that same sort of data.   We also found, in our 1-year study of this, the data the post office  did provide, origin often was indecipherable by security people because  it wasn't information that was helpful, maybe a lot of numbers or  characters that did not let people know what was in it, where it was  going, where it was from.   It is good we are beginning to make progress on this, but I think we  should have a requirement in law that says the post office has to do  what these other private carriers do, which is require people who want  to ship something into our communities to have this information so our  law enforcement has a chance to find these packages and to stop this  poison from coming into our neighborhoods.   Is this the only solution? No. The Comprehensive Addiction and  Recovery Act that I coauthored that passed this place over a year ago  now is beginning to work on prevention, treatment, and recovery. We  talked about that earlier.   We need to do more to help our first responders, to give them the  Narcan they need to reverse the effects of these overdoses and to save  lives. We need to get people into these programs rather than the  revolving door of people being addicted, having an overdose, being  saved, and then having an overdose again. That is all critical. In  fact,  [[Page S814]]  that is the most important part, but let's at least--at least--stop  some of this poison that is coming in through our own U.S. Government  Postal Service. By the way, postal employees totally agree. They don't  want to be a conduit for this stuff. They certainly don't want to be  exposed to it.   There are some horrible stories of people who were exposed because  with these international packages coming in, sometimes there is some  leakage.   One story that is probably one that would get the attention of every  law enforcement official in America is, there is a guy in Ohio, a law  enforcement officer. He pulled over two individuals. He went up to the  car. He pulled them over for a traffic violation, but he noticed they  spread some white powder around the car to try to hide it. Wisely, he  realized this might be something dangerous. He put on his mask and  gloves and found it was fentanyl.   He arrested these two individuals. They got booked. He went down to  the police station. This officer was a big guy, by the way--6 feet 2  inches, over 200 pounds, in good shape. He looked down on his shirt  when he was in the police station talking to his fellow officers, and  he saw some flecks on his shirt of something. So he reached over and  brushed it off with his hands like that. It was fentanyl.   Immediately he overdosed. He became unconscious, lying on the floor.  Three times Narcan was administered to try to save his life. They had  to rush him to the emergency room ultimately to save his life. As his  police chief said: If we hadn't been right there, this police officer  would not be with us today. Think if he had gone home and hugged his  kids.   This stuff is dangerous. It is dangerous for our postal employees, it  is dangerous for our Customs and Border Protection people who bravely  are out there every day trying to stop this stuff. It is dangerous to  the postal inspectors and dangerous for the Drug Enforcement Agency  individuals. We need to give them every tool we can to let them know  where the suspect packages are so they can stop this stuff. At a  minimum, what will happen is there will be less supply, and there will  be higher prices on the street. That is not a bad thing because the  cost of this drug is one reason it has become so popular and so deadly.   Our legislation is called the STOP Act. It simply says: Let's do what  we should have done many years ago and require this information. After  9/11, this Congress got together and said: We are worried about stuff  being shipped into this country, and so we are going to require private  carriers to provide this. In 2002, there was legislation passed. That  was 15 years ago, almost 16 years ago now. That legislation said at the  time: You have to do this if you are the FedExes or UPSes of the world,  but for the post office, we recommend you do it. We want you to do a  study on it.   The thought was, in Congress, that they would need some time but that  they would be able to do it as well--again, it has been almost 16  years. Now we have this immediate problem, which is, in my view, a  crisis, and it is a public health problem. It falls on us as the  Federal Government to deal with it--this Congress to deal with it.   I know there are those in the Postal Service who are concerned about  whether they can require other countries to provide this data. Do you  know what? We provide it for all our packages going to them. Again,  most countries in the world are now being asked to do it. The rest of  the countries ought to be asked. Certainly, China ought to be required  to do it for all their packages. They now say about half of the  packages from China have some sort of information. It needs to be  better information. We also need China to do more.   After our report came out last week, Chinese Government officials  responded and said they were concerned. They wanted to do more to  cooperate with the United States. That was good. I am glad to hear  that, but, frankly, we have been hearing that for a while.   I was in China last year on a congressional delegation. I raised this  information with Premier Li, the No. 2 ranking official in the  government there. Again, we heard the right things. We want to help to  be able to stop this at the source. We need more help.   We believe there are thousands of chemists or chemical companies in  China that are producing this poison. Again, I am not suggesting it is  exclusively China, but we are told by law enforcement it is still  primarily from China. Let's shut them down.   They have made illegal some of the precursors, some of the drugs that  go into making this fentanyl. Let's make sure that is being enforced.  Let's make it an illegal activity to ship it. Let's do the prosecutions  that are necessary and arrest people.   There were two individuals who were indicted here in the United  States who were Chinese nationals. My understanding is, they have yet  to be prosecuted, and they have been indicted for shipping poisons into  our communities and killing our people.   Yes, there is a lot that has to be done here. We need to be sure we  are doing a better job on prevention and education to keep people from  falling into the addiction in the first place. We need to do much  better on treatment and recovery. We talked about that earlier. At a  minimum, let's protect this country. So I encourage my colleagues, if  you haven't already cosponsored the STOP Act--Senator Amy Klobuchar and  I introduced this legislation together last year. We want your help. We  would love to have your cosponsorship. We have about 30 cosponsors now.  It is bipartisan. We need to get 100 cosponsors. Everybody in this  Chamber should be for this. We should be able to at least tell our own  U.S. post office: Help law enforcement to stop this poison. That is  part of the answer here, along with so many other things we need to do  to keep the fentanyl off the streets, to keep the overdoses and the  death toll from rising.   Again, I thank my colleagues for including in the legislation we are  going to vote on later today additional funding over the next 2 years.  I will say, with regard to that funding, which is significant--it is an  unprecedented amount--we have increased the funding over this fiscal  year from last fiscal year by $1.4 billion. That is through the so- called CURES Act and CARA legislation. Now we have additional funding,  $3 billion this year and $3 billion next year. I do think there is a  good framework for spending this money and that would be the programs  in the CARA legislation, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act.  There are about a dozen different programs, including recovery  programs, including helping pregnant women who are addicted to help  them avoid having their addiction passed along to their kids. This is a  big issue in our States right now. All of our neonatal units back home  in our hospitals are dealing with this.   There is legislation to help our first responders with training and  with Narcan, certainly to help them deal with this fentanyl danger they  face, the risk they face every day.   We have the programs in place. There is not adequate funding in some  of these programs to respond to the many requests coming in. So this is  one place for us to provide some help.   The CURES legislation goes directly to the States. That legislation  was passed as part of an appropriations process to help the States be  able to identify where they had the highest priority. Some of that,  frankly, is in training individuals who can be counselors.   We talked about the importance of not just providing medicine to help  people get over their addiction but to also surround them with the kind  of treatment they need, the kind of support they need. In other States,  it was a matter of building those treatment facilities. One million  dollars of this, or so, was used in Columbus, OH, for an innovative  program, where there is now a new emergency room that is dedicated to  people who overdose, which is better for the individual who overdoses  and better for the taxpayer, rather than taking them to an emergency  room that has the capability to handle gunshot wounds and trauma and so  on. This is dedicated just to overdoses. Most significantly, in this  same facility where the overdoses go, you have a 50-bed treatment  center. So often what we find is that people are treated for the  overdose, maybe in a detox unit, but then there is no treatment center.  There is no treatment bed available, so that person goes back to  [[Page S815]]  the community, back to the old neighborhood.    During that waiting period, even though they are ready for treatment  as they come out of the overdose--because often they have kind of seen  their life flash before their eyes--there is not the availability and,  sure enough, that person gets back into the use of the drug--heroin,  fentanyl, prescription drugs--and ends up overdosing again, sometimes  again and again and again. You hear this from your first responders.   Go to your firehouse, and you will hear in every firehouse in  America, I will guarantee you, about this issue. I will guarantee that  in most firehouses--certainly all of them that I have been to in Ohio,  and I have been to many--it is the No. 1 thing people are doing. In  other words, there are more calls for overdoses than there are calls  for fires. There are more calls for overdoses than there are calls for  heart attacks.   This is an issue that, again, affects every one of us whether we feel  it directly or not. So this is an opportunity for us to get these  people into the emergency room setting to save their lives, using this  miracle drug, Narcan, using the best help of our incredible medical  professionals, who are doing an awesome job on the frontlines, but then  to get them right into treatment, to say: By the way, here is an  opportunity; come right now. We think that is going to close that gap  and help to avoid this issue of people not getting the help you want  them to get. Probably 8 out of 10 people in Ohio are not getting the  treatment they should be getting.   So I am encouraging my colleagues to vote for the legislation this  afternoon or this evening, whenever we vote on it, in part, because it  does have that legislation in it regarding opioids. It does have this  new funding--an unprecedented level of funding.   It is going to be left to the Appropriations Committees here to deal  with how it is spent. Again, I know they have a lot of great ideas,  including legislation that we have already passed called the CARA Act,  the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. We spent 3 years putting  together that legislation. We had five conferences here in Washington.  We got best practices from around the country. This is all about  sending funds out to programs that have been studied and that do have  good results. It is not just a matter of throwing money after this  problem. We have to be sure that it is done effectively and that,  again, it leverages more money at the local level.   The million dollars I talked about that went into this treatment  center in Columbus, OH--that was matched by county money, it was  matched by State money, it was matched by private-sector money and  individuals who were giving funds to this because they realized what a  problem it is. That is how we should work together. Ultimately, this is  not going to be solved here in Washington, DC. It is going to be solved  in our communities. It is going to be solved in our families. It is  going to be solved in our hearts. This is an issue that ultimately is  going to require all of us getting engaged on.   Mr. President, I thank the Presiding Officer for the time today.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   