 Mr. President, I rise to speak to the nomination of and  the vote we are about to have on Kyle Duncan. Kyle Duncan is from  Louisiana. He has been nominated to be on the Fifth Circuit Court of  Appeals. Let me speak a little bit about his qualifications and why I  think we should support his nomination and vote yes.   First, I have a little bit of pride in this; he is a graduate of LSU,  my alma mater, and graduated from LSU's law school, the Paul M. Hebert  Law School. He graduated in the Order of the Coif and subsequently got  a master of law degree from Columbia University. He has the training,  experience, and institutional knowledge to be a successful judge.   I have discussed his academics; let's speak about his experience. His  breadth of experience makes him a great choice. He was certified as  ``well qualified'' by the American Bar Association. He has extensive  courtroom experience on the Tenth and Fifth Circuit Courts of Appeals,  the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals, the Texas and Louisiana Supreme  Courts, and he has twice argued in the U.S. Supreme Court. He has  experience working in the public and private sectors and in academia.  He pulls from diverse legal backgrounds, including criminal law,  American Disabilities Act regulations, section 1983 claims, healthcare  law, adoptions, and contract law. He understands the Fifth Circuit.   After law school, Mr. Duncan clerked on the Fifth Circuit Court of  Appeals under the Honorable John M. Duhe, Jr. He was the assistant  solicitor general at the Texas attorney general's office and a  professor at the University of Mississippi Law School. He is the  appellate chief of the Louisiana Department of Justice. All of these  are States included in the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. Again, this  is the experience and background we should look for when selecting a  judicial nominee.   I will also add that he is of high character. Even those who are  going to vote no have been impressed once they have met him. They  consider him a genuinely nice man whose body of work is reflective of  someone who is decent. His body of work also demonstrates his high  respect for legal precedent. He understands that a judge is not an  advocate for a particular case but, instead, an adjudicator upholding  the law, applying the law to the facts. He is a man of high integrity,  high character--something sorely needed in this world but especially to  be demonstrable in the Federal judiciary.   Clearly, Mr. Duncan is a qualified nominee, having that which it  takes to be a successful judge. I recommend Mr. Duncan without  reservation, and I urge my colleagues to join in supporting his  nomination.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   