 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, college affordability and the student  loan crisis affect every community across our Nation. The decisions  that young people are forced to make in order to get a degree-- decisions involving tens and sometimes hundreds of thousands of  dollars--can affect the rest of their lives.   Over 44 million Americans have a total of $1.5 trillion in student  loan debt. In Arizona, borrowers owe an average of just under $24,000,  annually, in student loan debt.   That is why I am pleased that the underlying bill before us today  takes an important step towards making sure students and borrowers have  more tools and information about their options, including income-driven  repayment plans. Income-driven repayment plans like PAYE, REPAYE, and  IBR have increased in enrollment in recent years and can offer  borrowers more predictability and manageability on their student loan  payments.   A lot of borrowers don't know about all the income-driven repayment  options they are eligible for, making it harder to figure out which one  might be the best fit. My commonsense amendment helps to fix that by  simply requiring the annual counseling mandated by the underlying bill  to disclose the anticipated monthly payment to a borrower for any  income-driven repayment plan they are eligible for.   Increasing awareness about all income-driven repayment options and  what a borrower could expect to pay under each program they are  eligible for will help equip them and their families with more  resources to make important decisions.   My amendment, like the underlying bill, is an important step forward  to support our hardworking students and workers in our communities at a  time when many are still struggling. We have an obligation to increase  transparency to borrowers and ensure they have the tools to thrive.   I want to thank Congressman Bera for his support of this amendment,  as well as Congresswoman Foxx and Ranking Member Scott for their work  on this bipartisan bill before us today.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Bera).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   