 Madam President, good morning. I looked down, and the  Presiding Officers have changed. It is nice to be here with you this  morning.   Our Presiding Officer is tied to the military--Army colonel, highly  distinguished. She comes from Iowa and travels home every weekend. She  covers every county in Iowa. In a year, I cover every county in  Delaware, sometimes in a day. We only have 3; she has probably 100 or  so. But we have the opportunity to go home frequently to our respective  States and to be with our families and the folks we work for. I love  doing it, and I know our Presiding Officer does as well.   People come up to me--I go back and forth on the train just about  every  [[Page S2848]]  night and will do that tonight, as I did last night. I feel very  fortunate to be able to be that close to my constituents. I serve in  the Senate with my colleagues and actually live in my home State. It is  a blessing.   I think I am approachable. I know our Presiding Officer is. Senator  Cornyn is approachable. People come up and talk to us all the time,  which is good--which is good. Sometimes I just want to say hello.  Sometimes I will ask them how they are doing. More often than not,  lately, people say: I wouldn't want your job for anything. You have the  worst job in the world.    I say: No, no. I feel really lucky.   Throughout the 200-and-some years we have been a country, only about  1,800 people have been privileged to serve in this body, and we are  fortunate that we are able to serve here today, especially during these  challenging times.   Since the 2016 election, however, a broad number of Delawareans and  American citizens have approached me, whether in the Rite Supermarket  or on the Amtrak train, to share with me their sense of uncertainty and  their fears regarding the trajectory of our country. Specifically, they  have expressed their uncertainty about the future of the special  counsel's investigation and their fears that the President may put his  own personal interests above the interests of all Americans and the  Constitution of our country.   As we pass the 1-year mark following Deputy Attorney General Rob  Rosenstein's appointment of former FBI Director Bob Mueller to become  special counsel, I think it is worth remembering why the investigation  began, what it has uncovered, where it is headed, and how we can uphold  the rule of law and protect the investigation from political  interference as we seek to ascertain the truth.   During the 2016 Presidential campaign, our democracy was attacked by  a foreign adversary. No shots were fired. No bombs were dropped. But  let me be as clear as I can be. Russia attacked the United States of  America. Using sophisticated cyber warfare, Russia interfered in our  electoral process. As they have in other Western democracies, Russia  borrowed from their tried-and-true playbook. Russian internet trolls  posed as American citizens on Facebook and on Twitter. Russian shell  companies funded political propaganda online, all with the intent of  pitting us against one another and spreading this information among the  American electorate.   We also know that our Nation's election infrastructure was targeted  by the Kremlin and that Russian cyber attacks penetrated voting  machines in some of our States--not all of our States but a number of  them.   Thomas Jefferson often wrote about the truth, including a famous  description of a few truths that we still consider self-evident;  namely, that all men--I would add all women--are created equal and  entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.   Later in life, Jefferson remarked that ``we are not afraid to follow  truth wherever it may lead, nor to tolerate any error so long as reason  is left free to combat it.'' Those words really ring true today, don't  they?   Jefferson also used to say something to this effect, and I am  paraphrasing: The people--that is, the people of the United States-- know the truth. We won't make a mistake. If people know the truth, they  won't make a mistake.   Since the attack by Russia on our democracy, many patriotic Americans  within Federal law enforcement and our intelligence agencies have been  heeding Jefferson's advice and seeking to follow the truth. Here is  what we have learned.   In a declassified report released in January of 2017, our own  intelligence agencies told us that ``Russian President Vladimir Putin  ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at . . . undermin[ing]  public faith in the U.S. democratic process.''   Further, our own intelligence agencies told us that ``Russian efforts  to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election represent the most  recent expression of Moscow's longstanding desire to undermine the  U.S.-led liberal democratic order.''   Those same agencies, our own intelligence agencies--I think there are  17 in all that combined to provide this report--told us that it will  happen again: ``Moscow will apply lessons learned from its Putin- ordered campaign aimed at the U.S. presidential election to future  influence efforts worldwide, including against U.S. allies and their  election processes.''   During recent testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee, the  Director of National Intelligence and our former Senate colleague Dan  Coats--a good friend of many of us from Indiana--said these words:  ``There should be no doubt that Russia perceives that its past efforts  have been successful and views the 2018 midterm U.S. elections as a  potential target for Russian influence operations.''   I will read those words again. Our colleague Dan Coats, who sat over  there and served with us for many years--he and I served together in  the House before that, and he was an Ambassador to Germany, but now he  is the Director of our National Intelligence--said: ``There should be  no doubt that Russia perceives that its past efforts have been  successful and views the 2018 midterm U.S. elections as a potential  target for Russian influence operations.'' Then he added: ``Frankly,  the United States is under attack.''   I approve that message. I don't welcome that message, but we need to  hear that message, and we need to take it to heart.   In response, we have a responsibility--not to any political party but  to our Constitution and to the American people--to band together as we  would following any attack on our country. We have a responsibility to  fight back, to protect and safeguard our democracy, and to ensure that  it never happens again.   We also have a responsibility--again one that rises above political  party--to determine whether the Trump campaign may have had  inappropriate contact with Russia during that campaign.   This responsibility is shared between Congress and the executive  branch, including the different committees in the House and Senate, as  well as the Department of Justice, the FBI, and our intelligence  agencies. Unfortunately, our President has rejected this responsibility  from the start.   Let's not forget that President Trump fired former FBI Director James  Comey and publicly stated it was because of the Russia investigation.  President Trump told NBC News: ``When I decided to [fire Comey] I said  to myself, I said, `You know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia  is a made-up story, it's an excuse by the Democrats for having lost an  election that they should've won.' '' Those are President Trump's words  to NBC News.   Because Attorney General Sessions has recused himself from matters  involving Russia and the 2016 election, Deputy Attorney General Rod  Rosenstein, a lifelong Republican appointed by President Trump to his  current position, made the decision to appoint a special counsel to  continue the Russia investigation.   Let me take a moment to remind the American people about the  background and the character of this special counsel. Bob Mueller has  spent his life serving our country with distinction.   Our Presiding Officer: Army, highly decorated.   Yours truly: Navy, 23 years, all in Active Duty and Reserve.   Here is what Bob Mueller received in some of his decorations as an  officer in the Marine Corps during the Vietnam war--a war in which I  served as well. He received the Bronze Star, and he earned two Navy  Commendation Medals and the Purple Heart--all as an officer in the  Marine Corps during the Vietnam war.   After a career in Federal law enforcement and private law practice,  President George W. Bush nominated him to serve as our FBI Director,  and Bob Mueller guided the FBI in the aftermath of the September 11  terrorist attacks. A steady hand during uncertain times, Director  Mueller gained the respect and the admiration of the men and women of  the FBI, as well as those of us here on Capitol Hill.   During my tenure as chairman and ranking member of the Senate  Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, I had the  opportunity to meet with Director Mueller on a range of issues,  including protecting our Nation from cyber security threats. Let me  just say that I think that maybe in the 17 years I have been here, the  best briefing I have ever received on cyber security was from Bob  [[Page S2849]]  Mueller. The very best briefing I ever received was from Bob Mueller.   I also got to know him personally. I know his wife. My wife and I  know his wife. We believe that he is guided by very strong core values:  Figure out the right thing to do, and just do it--not when it is easy,  not when it is expedient, but when it is right. Treat other people the  way we want to be treated. Focus on excellence in everything we do. If  it isn't perfect, make it better. And when you know you are right, be  sure you are right. Never give up. Those are his values. I suspect  those are the values of many of us who serve here.   Bob Mueller is a man of unimpeachable integrity. There may be no  person better suited to this task of special counsel. I have every  confidence that he will follow the truth wherever it may lead him and  those he leads. But don't just take my word for it. When the Deputy  Attorney General appointed him to the position of special counsel a  little more than a year ago, his selection drew a particularly  resounding endorsement from those of us who serve here in the Senate-- not just on this side but, in particular, on the other side of the  aisle.   Here is what John McCain said about Bob Mueller: ``Robert Mueller is  a great choice for special counsel.'' John went on to add that he is  ``confident that Mr. Mueller will fully investigate all aspects of  Russia's interference in our election.''   Senator Burr said: ``By having someone like Bob Mueller head [the]  investigation assures the American people that there's no undue  influence, be it here or be it at the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue  or within the Justice Department or FBI.'' Those are the words of  Senator Richard Burr of North Carolina, a Republican.   Even former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, with whom I served in the  House, said this about Bob Mueller: ``Robert Mueller is a superb choice  to be special counsel. His reputation is impeccable for honesty and  integrity.''   I have not known Robert Mueller for as long as some who serve here,  but I have known him for a while. I have had a chance to work with him  on some important issues and matters for our country and for the  security of our country. He is as fine as any public servant I have  ever known and served with.   Unfortunately, President Trump has not been as praiseworthy of our  special counsel as the Senators I just quoted and the former House  Speaker I just quoted. President Trump has repeatedly used his Twitter  account to call Special Counsel Mueller's investigation a ``witch  hunt.'' A witch hunt? In February, 13 Russian individuals and 3 Russian  companies were charged with breaking U.S. law and interfering in the  2016 election--13. The indictment details an elaborate, coordinated  scheme to disrupt our election. Moreover, three Trump campaign  officials have pled guilty to crimes that include lying to the FBI  about contacts with Russia during the campaign and a conspiracy to  defraud the United States, and the former Trump campaign manager is  currently facing similar charges.   Despite the progress of the investigation, we know from news reports  that President Trump repeatedly has considered firing Director Mueller  and Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein. That would be a grave mistake.  That would be a very grave mistake.   Instead of exercising Presidential leadership and holding Russia  accountable and safeguarding our upcoming election, President Trump  continues to use dangerous rhetoric directed toward the special  counsel's investigation, as well as at the people who work for us, who  serve at the FBI and the Department of Justice, and who deserve our  thanks, not our scorn.   Instead of exercising Presidential leadership and holding Russia  accountable and safeguarding our upcoming election, President Trump is  now demanding a counterinvestigation.   Instead of exercising Presidential leadership and holding Russia  accountable in safeguarding our elections, President Trump is now  undermining the special counsel's investigation while risking the  identity of American intelligence sources.   Despite this failure of Presidential leadership, the special  counsel's investigation must go on.   A Methodist minister in Seaford, in Southern Delaware, Pastor  Reynolds--a wonderful man, now deceased--gave me advice during my  career, particularly when I was Governor. One day, he said: Governor,  the main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing.   I said: Would you say that again, Pastor?   He said: The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing.   In this case, I think the main thing is for us to find out and  ascertain the truth. Special Counsel Mueller must be allowed to follow  the truth, no matter where it leads, no matter how uncomfortable that  makes President Trump or other people, no matter how uncomfortable that  makes Vladimir Putin. We must continue to ensure Special Counsel  Mueller has the time and resources he needs to follow the truth and  bring this investigation to a conclusion.   We must also protect the special counsel from undue political  influence, and send a strong signal to President Trump that firing  Robert Mueller or Rod Rosenstein, without clear legal justification,  would pose a grave threat to our constitutional system of checks and  balances.   To be clear, we can't pass a bill to end President Trump's erratic  threats on Twitter, though I know there are a few people--some here-- who would support such a proposal. However, here is what we can do: We  can pass a bipartisan bill, introduced by Senators Coons, Tillis,  Booker, and Graham, to protect the special counsel's investigation. The  legislation, called the Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act,  would ensure that the special counsel can only be fired for good cause  by a senior Justice Department official, and the reason must be  provided in writing. It will ensure that in the event of his firing,  the special counsel can seek expedited judicial review of his removal,  and it will also preserve all the documents and materials related to  this investigation.   I thank our four colleagues--two Democrats, two Republicans--for  introducing this bipartisan bill. I support it and urge its swift  passage. Passing this bill will demonstrate to the American people that  despite the uncertainties and maybe the fears at this moment, we still  have a system of checks and balances which still works, as it has been  working for 240 years.   There are more constitutions in this world modeled after the U.S.  Constitution than any other constitution ever. Ours is the most  emulated and longest living Constitution on the face of the Earth. It  has an intricate system of checks and balances. Our Founding Fathers-- who convened in Philadelphia 240 years ago--developed the Constitution  we know of today and sent it out to the Thirteen Colonies to debate and  consider whether they wanted to ratify it. The first State to ratify  the Constitution was the State of Delaware, and the Constitution is  something we especially revere in the First State, but if we allow the  system of checks and balances as called for in the Constitution to  work, it will eventually lead us to the truth--which is what we should  all seek, not just in this Senate, not just in the Congress, not just  in one party or the other, not just any one State or the other but all  of us.   If the unthinkable were to happen and the special counsel were fired  on a whim, I believe the legislation I just talked about would help us  preserve the Russia investigation and the rule of law.   Like Special Counsel Mueller, Congress must not be afraid to follow  the truth. We must not be distracted by the President's tweets and  other attempts to undermine this important investigation. We must keep  the main thing the main thing. Special Counsel Mueller and his team  must be allowed to finish this investigation, and Congress--especially  our Republican colleagues--must do our part to protect the  investigation and insist the President stop the political interference  and gamesmanship.   Taken together, I believe these actions will allow us to emerge from  this especially challenging moment in our country, as we often have  following other crises throughout our history. We will emerge stronger  and more resilient, and we will emerge deeply proud that we upheld our  responsibility to the Constitution and to the American people.  [[Page S2850]]    In closing, I want to mention that a lot of times people come up to  me--maybe not every day but several times a week. Some are Democrat,  some are Republican, some are Independent, some are probably not even  registered to vote. They say: I fear for the future of our country. I  don't think it has ever been this bad before. We have never seen it  this bad before.   I remind them of the words from Harry Truman, who once served in this  body as a Senator from Missouri, later as Vice President, and then as  President of our country. Harry Truman used to say: ``The only thing  new in the world is the history you do not know.'' Think about that,  the only thing new in the world is the history we forgot or never  learned.   My sister and I grew up in the town of Danville, VA, right on the  North Carolina border, the last capital of the confederacy. A lot of  people think the last capital of the confederacy was Richmond, VA, but  it wasn't. Jefferson Davis and those closest to him got out of  Richmond, headed south, and ended up in Danville. That is where my  sister and I grew up, and we saw prejudice and discrimination as little  kids up close and personal. I will never forget it. There are some  people in Danville still fighting the Civil War 150 years afterwards,  at least in their minds.   During the Civil War, 800,000 men were killed on both sides, and  hundreds of thousands of men, women, and children were wounded,  crippled. When the war was over, what happened? When the war was over,  our President was assassinated. His successor, Andrew Johnson, the  Senator from Tennessee, who also served here, was impeached.   Somehow, we got through the Civil War, with the assassination of a  President and the impeachment of a President, and we made it to the  20th century--just in time to fight not one but two World Wars. We won  them, led the world and our allies to victory in the Cold War, and led  the world out of the Great Depression.   Then, when the Sun came up on the 21st century, on January 1, 2001,  here is where America was as a nation: We had the strongest economy on  Earth, and we had the most productive workforce on Earth. For the first  time since 1968, we actually had a balanced budget--not just one, not  two, not three but four balanced budgets--the last 4 years of the  Clinton Presidency. While we had a Democratic President and  administration, we had a Republican Congress. If I am not mistaken, the  chairman of the House Budget Committee was very much involved in the  balanced budgets, a Republican from Ohio, our friend John Kasich,  former Congressman, now Governor of Ohio.   So we had the strongest economy and the most productive workforce,  four balanced budgets in a row, and, on January 1, 2001, we were the  most admired Nation on Earth, and we had the strongest force for  justice on Earth. That is where we were, after all the bad stuff and  all those challenges of 150 years, beginning with and following the  Civil War.   If we can get through all that, we can get through this. In the words  of Jefferson, if the American people know the truth, we will not make a  mistake. That is what Bob Mueller and his folks are trying to get to,  and it is important that they succeed.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   