 Mr. President, I don't know whether it is four, five,  or six, but some Senators would like to have colloquy on the issue of  Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, and I ask unanimous consent  that we have that privilege.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I rise with my colleagues to offer  remarks about the current status of the negotiations on the Deferred  Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA Program, as it is known in the  U.S. Senate.   Unfortunately, this body still isn't closer to a legitimate and fair  deal that accomplishes two goals: First of all, to promote and protect  the interests of the American people in a lawful immigration system  and, two, provide a fair and equitable solution on DACA.   Back in December, I introduced a bill, along with Senators Cornyn,  Tillis, Lankford, Perdue, and Cotton. The bill, with the acronym SECURE  Act of 2017, was a product of months of discussion between this  Senator, these other Senators I just named, and the White House. Our  plan, simply put, has five pillars.   First, based on the hard work and leadership of Senator Cornyn, our  bill provided real, robust border security by mandating the  construction of tactical and technological infrastructure at the  border.   Second, our bill took meaningful steps to end the lawlessness of  dangerous criminal aliens by cracking down on sanctuary cities, ending  the misguided catch-and-release policies of the previous  administration, and, finally, taking steps to address intentional visa  overstays.   Third, our bill took steps to eliminate many of the ``pull'' factors  that encourage people to immigrate illegally by permanently authorizing  the E-Verify Program and by taking meaningful steps to reduce  immigration court and asylum adjudication backlogs.   Fourth, thanks to the leadership and advocacy of Senators Graham,  Perdue, and Cotton, our bill eliminated the phenomenon known as chain  migration and made a major downpayment toward transitioning to a merit- based immigration system.   Fifth, and finally, our bill provided a bipartisan solution to  protect undocumented young people brought to the United States as  children by adopting Senator Durbin's Bar Removal of Individuals who  Dream and Grow our Economy--that has the acronym BRIDGE Act.   Our plan was fair, serious, and bipartisan. Most importantly, it was  and is pro-American. As I have continually said since the bill's  introduction, this group of Senators is ready and willing to negotiate  with our counterparts in good faith and to find an equitable solution  to the DACA situation that incorporates our bill's five pillars of  reform.   I said negotiate. I had at least one Democratic Senator infer that I  could not negotiate in good faith because I did not vote for the Gang  of 8 immigration bill in 2013. So, sadly, our good-faith offers have  consistently been rejected by Democratic leadership. Instead, they  decide to engage in a game of brinksmanship.   So I ask several questions: Why doesn't Democratic leadership  negotiate with us? Because we refuse to simply pass what is referred to  as the Dream Act, as is, with no proportional border security and  interior enforcement majors. As the Democrats see it, it is take it or  leave it, their way or the highway. This isn't good faith, this isn't  negotiating, and that approach is doomed to failure.   I have to ask: Why do my colleagues in the Democratic leadership  refuse to even consider measures that would beef up border security and  interior enforcement? Do they want people to continue to immigrate to  this country illegally? Do they want sex offenders and human  traffickers to continue to manipulate  [[Page S54]]  our porous border and enter our country unchecked? Do they want  criminal illegal immigrants--people like Jose Zarate, who murdered Kate  Steinle, or Eswin Mejia, who killed Sarah Root, to roam free in our  country? Are they comfortable allowing criminal alien gangs like MS-13,  whose motto happens to be ``kill, rape, and control,'' to continue to  terrorize immigrant communities?   I am assuming--in fact, I am hoping--the answer to all of these  questions is a resounding no. If that is correct, then why does  Democratic leadership refuse to discuss the border security and  interior enforcement provisions in the SECURE Act?   Despite the hysteria and the hyperbole you may hear from pro-amnesty,  open-border immigrant advocates, the SECURE Act does not contain  draconian enforcement measures. If anything, our bill contains the  commonsense security and enforcement measures this body has been  debating, discussing, and considering for years.   Our bill adds new Border Patrol agents, U.S. attorneys, and judges to  make it easier to apprehend, prosecute, and deport illegal entrants and  criminal aliens. We authorize money for critically necessary port of  entry and exit improvements so we can know who is here, how long they  are here, and when they left--if they left.   Our bill increases criminal penalties for human smugglers, these  offenses that are committed by repeat offenders, often resulting in  death, resulting in human trafficking, and including even sexual  assault. We also increase penalties for criminal aliens who commit a  crime of violence or a drug trafficking crime.   Our bill makes clear that individuals who engage in acts of  terrorism, criminal gang members, aggravated felons, and drunk drivers  are not admissible to our country, and makes it clear that they can be  put into expedited removal if they somehow make it into our country.   Finally, our bill permanently authorizes the voluntary E-Verify  Program, and it also provides incentives for employers to participate  in that voluntary program. It doesn't make E-Verify mandatory. It just  provides employers certainty by making the program permanent.   I hope, as I described these things, they are seen as commonsense  measures. Why would my colleagues on the other side ever want to oppose  those provisions? It wasn't that long ago that many Democrats supported  border security and interior enforcement. I would like to list some  quotes from recent Democratic Presidents who supported some of these  propositions.   In his 1996 State of the Union Address, then-President Clinton  championed his actions to crack down on illegal immigration. He proudly  noted his administration was ``increasing border patrol by 50 percent .  . . [and] increasing inspections to prevent the hiring of illegal  immigrants.''   In 2006, then-Senator, later President Obama spoke in favor of  enhanced border security and enforcement measures. He acknowledged,  even then, that ``we need tougher border security, stronger enforcement  measures . . . [we] need more resources for Customs and Border Agents,  and more detention beds.''   When speaking in favor of the Secure Fence Act, Mr. Obama said: It  would ``certainly do some good'' and would go a long way in  ``stem[ming] . . . the tide of illegal immigration in this country.''   Do my colleagues no longer agree with former Presidents Clinton and  Obama? Do they no longer believe we need to stem the tide of illegal  immigration?   My colleagues on the other side consistently talk about how DACA kids  shouldn't be used as bargaining chips for any potential deal. What  about the innocent American citizens they are using as bargaining  chips? What about the thousands of victims every year of crimes  committed by dangerous criminal aliens? Do the lives of these people  not matter as well? Does the safety of these people, the happiness of  these people, the well-being of these people deserve to be bargained  away?   This group of Senators whom I have named who are going to participate  in this colloquy remain ready and willing to negotiate in good faith  and to make tough sacrifices in order to find common ground on this  issue. Our counterparts need to be willing to do the same. I am asking  them, pleading with them, in all sincerity, to sit down and have an  honest conversation.   Let's strike a deal that is fair to all, including to law-abiding  Americans. Any deal cooked up by this poor man's version of a Gang of 8  that doesn't have real border security, doesn't have real interior  enforcement measures, and doesn't have the other pillars of reform in  the SECURE Act--well, it is pretty simple: That is no deal at all, and  I will not support that.   I yield the floor.   I call on my colleague, the Senator from North Carolina, Mr. Tillis.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Ernst). The Senator from North Carolina.    Madam President, the Senator has been a leader on this  with his separate piece of legislation for a long time.   The next speaker is Senator Cotton; after that is Senator Lankford.   In the meantime, I yield the floor to my colleagues as I have a  meeting to go to.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Arkansas.    Madam President, the Senator has been a leader on this  with his separate piece of legislation for a long time.   The next speaker is Senator Cotton; after that is Senator Lankford.   In the meantime, I yield the floor to my colleagues as I have a  meeting to go to.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Arkansas.   