 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding me  the time.   Madam Speaker, this rule fails to make in order four significant  measures to address the gun violence epidemic that is plaguing our  Nation.   In addition to closing the gun show and internet sale loopholes in  the background check system, lifting the prohibition on Federal  research into gun violence, and creating a process to prevent dangerous  individuals from having firearms, the amendment includes my legislation  to close the Charleston loophole, which allows gun sales to be  completed even if FBI investigations are still going on to determine  the outcome of a background check.   The tragic consequences of this loophole were demonstrated on June  17, 2015, when a hate-filled gunman opened fire at the historic Emanuel  A.M.E. Church in Charleston, South Carolina, killing nine and injuring  three others. In that fateful instance, the shooter attempted to buy a  firearm on April 11 and was initially delayed due to possible red flags  in his criminal record.   Despite the investigation not being completed in 3 days, he was  allowed to purchase the weapon. The FBI later discovered the shooter  would not have been allowed to purchase the firearm due to his  documented history of drug abuse had they been able to complete the  background check.   Madam Speaker, the consequences are too great to allow loopholes like  these to persist. We have laws on the books to prohibit dangerous  individuals like the shooter in Charleston from buying weapons, but  these loopholes prevent them from being enforced. Thousands of weapons  are sold each year through the Charleston loophole alone. In fact, I  read that over 6,000 such weapons have been sold through this loophole.   I appreciate that many of my colleagues have signaled they are  supportive of improving the background check system, but no amount of  improvement will protect the American people if all the loopholes are  allowed to exist.   For almost 3 years, the people of Charleston, South Carolina, and  across the country have been demanding a vote from this House on  closing the Charleston loophole. They have yet to get one.   I urge my colleagues to allow this body to take a vote on closing  this loophole and giving the American people the protections they need  and deserve. I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question and a ``no''  vote on the rule.   