 Mr. President, agriculture is the lifeblood of my State of  South Dakota. More than 43 million of our State's roughly 50 million  acres are given over to farming and ranching. In fact, cattle actually  outnumber people in South Dakota. We have more than four times as many  cattle in our State, which is a pretty good example of just how  fundamental ranching is to South Dakota life. We routinely place in the  top 10 States for production of a number of crops, including soybeans,  corn, and wheat. Agriculture isn't just part of the South Dakota way of  life, it is the South Dakota way of life.   While I am one of those South Dakota residents who doesn't farm a  ranch, I have always considered it one of my great privileges to know  South Dakota farmers and ranchers and get to represent them in the U.S.  Congress. That is why, when I was in the House of Representatives, I  chose to serve on the House Agriculture Committee, and that is why I  serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee today.   Our biggest job as members of the Senate Agriculture Committee is to  work on producing farm bills. These bills set the rules of the road for  farmers and ranchers. They govern safety net programs like crop  insurance and livestock disaster programs, which are so essential for  individuals working in an industry where bad weather can wipe out a  year's work and place a family farm at risk. They set the rules for  conservation programs. They cover farm loan programs and much more.   This year's farm bill is particularly important as farmers and  ranchers are facing a tough ag economy. Commodity prices have plunged,  and net farm income is half of what it was 4 or 5 years ago. Now more  than ever, farmers and ranchers need to know with certainty what the  rules of the road will be so they can plan well for the future.   The farm bill we are considering this week is the fourth farm bill I  have had the chance to work on during my time in Congress. While there  are a handful of things I would like to improve further, I am pleased  with the product we have on the floor today.   Given the variety of programs and priorities they cover, farm bills  are always a big production. That is why I got a head start on this  year's farm bill last March when I introduced legislation that created  a new income protection program for farmers. That bill was the first of  nearly a dozen pieces of legislation I introduced over the past year. I  figured that starting the process early would allow us to not just  reauthorize agricultural programs but to strengthen and improve them,  and I am pleased the bill before us today does exactly that.   I am also pleased several of my proposals are included in the bill,  although the credit for that goes to the  [[Page S4393]]  farmers and ranchers who helped inspire these much needed policies and  policy changes. The fact is, nobody knows more about what works and  what doesn't work when it comes to agriculture policy than the people  out there every day working to make a living at farming and ranching.   That is why I make it a point to meet regularly with South Dakota  farmers and ranchers to hear how things are going directly from them.  They let me know which agriculture programs are working, which aren't,  and which can be improved. Many of my proposals for this year's bill  are the direct result of conversations with farmers and ranchers back  in South Dakota.   Perhaps the prime example of that is my proposal to help improve the  accuracy of the U.S. Drought Monitor. In April of this year, I held an  agricultural roundtable in Rapid City, SD. During this event, several  ranchers shared their concerns about accurate precipitation  measurement. Accurate precipitation measurements matter to ranchers  because this data is used to determine whether ranchers qualify for  grazing loss assistance and livestock forage loss assistance when  weather conditions threaten their feed supplies and the well-being of  their herds.   Ranchers have been frustrated by inconsistent rainfall and drought  determinations at the Department of Agriculture.   This spring, after last summer's drought, for example, the U.S.  Forest Service determined that some Federal grazing lands in western  South Dakota were too dry and consequently reduced the number of  livestock ranchers can graze on U.S. Forest Service lands. That left  ranchers struggling to find sufficient grazing lands for their cattle.   However, last year, the Drought Monitor classified that same area as  not dry enough to trigger eligibility for the Livestock Forage Program,  which provides assistance to ranchers whose pastures have suffered  grazing losses due to drought. Obviously, this kind of inconsistent  monitoring and resulting inconsistent Federal assistance is a problem,  and the ranchers in April let me know just how much of a problem it can  be.   So I came back to Washington and worked with my staff to develop  legislation to improve the accuracy of the Drought Monitor and to  require the Department of Agriculture to use consistent precipitation  monitoring data across its programs. I am happy to report that my  Drought Monitor legislation was adopted as part of the farm bill that  is before the Senate today.   I am also proud that the farm bill includes authorization for a  program I proposed that would strengthen soil health by reducing  farmers' crop insurance costs.   All farmers are familiar with the Conservation Reserve Program, or  CRP, which provides incentives for farmers to take environmentally  sensitive land out of production for 10 to 15 years, but a lot of  farmers have told me they don't want to retire portions of their land  for a decade or more, and they don't want to place expensive seed,  fertilizer, and other inputs on their poorest land, especially now,  when prices are at such low levels.   To address this, in March of last year, I offered a bill to create a  new program called the Soil Health and Income Protection Program. This  program would provide a new, short-term option for farmers that would  allow them to take their worst performing cropland out of production  for 3 to 5 years instead of the 10 to 15 years required by CRP rules.   In return for taking this land out of production, farmers would  receive a modest rental payment and increased crop insurance premium  discounts. This program would accomplish the dual goals of protecting  the environment while improving the bottom line for farmers. I am very  pleased that the authorization for the Soil Health and Income  Protection Program was included in the farm bill we are considering  today.   A number of other proposals I introduced also made it into the bill,  including proposals to improve the Agriculture Risk Coverage Program,  proposals to provide pasture, rangeland, and forage insurance premium  assistance for Native American ranchers and proposals to increase the  approval rate of the Livestock Indemnity Program applications.   One proposal I am still working to get included in the bill is a  proposal to allow more flexibility in the Conservation Reserve Program  haying and grazing policies. The CRP program plays a significant role  in South Dakota's economy. It provides a major portion of the habitat  for pheasants, which bring in about $200 million each year to South  Dakota's economy.   Farmers have spent years frustrated with the Department of  Agriculture's management of the CRP program, particularly the program's  sometimes excessive restrictions on land use and requirements to  destroy vegetative cover under midcontract management, even in drought  years when feed supplies are short.   The proposal I am working to get included in the final bill will  allow haying on one-third of all CRP acres and limited grazing on most  CRP land. This commonsense reform, along with other CRP reforms I have  proposed that are included in the bill in front of us today, will  address some of the farmers' major concerns with current land use rules  for acres that are enrolled in the CRP program.   As I mentioned, there are a few areas where I think we could have  done more or gone further to make improvements. I have proposals to  further increase CRP acres and proposals to make additional  improvements to the Agriculture Risk Coverage Program--or the ARC  Program.   I think we have a strong bill before us today. I am grateful for the  leadership of our Agriculture Committee chairman, Senator Roberts, and  the ranking member, Senator Stabenow. All too often these days,  measures that should be collaborative fall victim to partisanship, but  the debate over the farm bill was collegial and collaborative, and we  produced a strong bipartisan bill as a result.   It takes a special kind of person to be a farmer or a rancher. There  are no set hours and no paid vacations. Bad weather isn't just an  inconvenience, it jeopardizes your entire livelihood. Your job is  filled with late nights and early mornings. You can sit up all night  with a sick calf and then have to get out there sleepless the next  morning to work a full day in the fields. The work is physically  demanding, and it is performed no matter what the weather--blazing Sun,  freezing cold, or blowing snow or rain. Believe me, we have all of the  above in South Dakota.   We don't see the backbreaking work, the sweat and tears that have  gone into the production of that gallon of milk we pick up at the  grocery store on our way home, but every time we go to that grocery  store, we are the beneficiaries of the courage, the dedication, and  hard work of our Nation's farmers and ranchers. They feed our country,  and they literally feed the world.   I am grateful so many farmers and ranchers call South Dakota home,  and I hope the bill that is before us today will help make their jobs  just a little bit easier in the future.   I yield the floor.   