 Mr. President, I first want to thank the good Senator  from Tennessee, Lamar Alexander, for basically shepherding this through  and working in a bipartisan way. It is a most important piece of  legislation. Also, to all of our colleagues, this is the way  legislation should work. It is something we have worked on for a long  time--well thought-out. Senator Blumenthal from Connecticut and  everyone worked so hard on it.   The American people are drowning under the weight of the prescription  drug epidemic. My State of West Virginia has been hit the hardest. More  than 1,000 West Virginians died of drug overdoses in 2017; 870 of those  deaths involved an opiate. This is a record number of opiate-related  deaths, up from 759 opiate-related deaths in 2016, which was a record  that year as well.   Let's put this in perspective. For those of us who are old enough to  remember watching the Vietnam war on television and the outrage-- rightfully so--that came with that and the protests and how we were  able to bring that to an end, during that entire Vietnam war period of  close to 10 years, 58,200 young Americans' lives were taken.   Just last year alone, in 1 year, we lost more than 72,000 people to a  drug overdose--72,000 in 1 year. Forty-nine thousand people were killed  by opiates, heroin, and fentanyl in 2017. That is an average of 134  people dying of an opiate overdose every day. It is a silent killer. If  we had these types of numbers and were losing them and they were on  television--they are in every neighborhood; they are almost in every  family's home, one way or another, that is affected--the country would  rise up in outrage, as they did with the Vietnam war, watching the  carnage.   That is why I am glad to support this bill today, because it will  take a number of critical steps to help us stop that devastating  epidemic, many of which I have pushed for. It will reauthorize critical  State grant funding to address the crisis and ensure this funding is  going to the hardest hit States, such as my State of West Virginia. It  will put Jessie's Law in statute, requiring HHS to develop hospital  standards to flag a patient's opiate addiction.   It is so simple. You will go into a hospital to be admitted, and they  are going to ask you if you are allergic and what you are allergic to,  such as penicillin, and they mark it all the way through.   Jessie's Law is such a commonsense piece of legislation that it could  have saved this beautiful young lady, and, hopefully, it will save  thousands of others. While this language was included in the fiscal  year 2018 appropriations bill, HHS has not yet acted. This bill will  force them to do so.   It will also strengthen the response by our Federal agencies. The FDA  and NIH will be pushed to encourage the development of nonopiate pain  treatments. The FDA will also be given the authority to do more work  with the CBP to stop the flow of illicit opiates like fentanyl, which  has driven up opiate overdose deaths substantially.   The DEA will be required to consider diversion abuse and overdose  deaths when determining their opiate quotas, something that I have been  pushing for years. It also would allow States to use Federal funding  for programs like the Handle With Care program in West Virginia, which  helps to connect traumatized children with the resources they need. It  would make it easier for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries to access  the treatment they need. These are critical steps.   So much more has to be done. It must be done. I am particularly  disappointed that the package does not include the Protecting Jessie  Grubb's Legacy Act, which makes commonsense changes to the regulations  for substance use disorder and treatment, known as part 2.  [[Page S6178]]    We lost Jessie more than 2 years ago for one simple reason. One of  her physicians did not know she was in recovery from an opiate  addiction and sent her home from the hospital with 50 oxycodone. This  could have been prevented very easily.   I am very pleased that the bill includes Jessie's Law, which was also  included in the fiscal year 2018 appropriations bill and would help  hospitals develop systems to flag patients with opiate addiction, but  it does not include the legacy act, which would solve the larger, more  systematic problem that is keeping those in recovery from getting the  coordinated care they need.   The legacy act is needed because the part 2 regulations are simply  not compatible with the way we want healthcare to be delivered--in a  coordinated manner that takes into account the whole patient and all of  their medical needs. Access to a patient's entire medical record,  including addiction records, ensures that providers and organizations  have all the information necessary for safe, effective, high-quality  treatment and care coordination that addresses all of patient's health  needs. It also helps to prevent devastating situations like the one  that took Jessie Grubb's life by helping to ensure that healthcare  providers can offer medically appropriate care for those in recovery.   We need to protect people's privacy. The regulations were put into  place in the 1970s, at a time when we did not adequately protect  people's medical records. They were necessary then. In the 1990s we  passed HIPAA. While it isn't perfect, it successfully protects the  privacy of millions of Americans' medical records every day.   We simply should not treat substance use disorder treatment records  differently than every other single type of medical record. It doesn't  make any sense, and it harms patients.   The House passed their companion to the legacy act with a strong  bipartisan vote of 357 to 57 because they recognized that this is  critical--very critical--for stopping the opiate epidemic. The legacy  act makes commonsense changes that will save lives and will have strong  bipartisan support. I urge my colleagues to join me in fighting to  include these changes in any final opioid package.   I thank the good Senator from Tennessee. We have to stop this  epidemic in Tennessee and in West Virginia. People in our States are  dying. Families and communities are being torn apart. I look forward to  supporting this bill today, but I will never stop fighting for the  people of my great State of West Virginia.   