 Mr. President, I want to associate myself with the  comments of the esteemed Senator from Wyoming. I think he described  very well the extremely positive impact that tax relief is having on  our country, on economic growth, on job creation, and on higher wages  and incomes for hard-working Americans.   I rise today, however, to talk about the Economic Growth, Regulatory  Relief, and Consumer Protection Act and the important reforms we are  making to spur economic development, facilitate more lending, and  reduce burdensome regulations on our community banks and credit unions.   The Dodd-Frank Act was enacted in 2010 following the financial crisis  in an attempt to reduce systemic risks the financial sector posed to  the economy. This far-reaching law touched every aspect of the  financial system, including many small community banks and credit  unions around the country and in my home State of North Dakota and  across this Nation, in North Carolina and in every State in the Union.  These community banks and credit unions are not what pose the systemic  risks that Dodd-Frank was passed to address.   At almost 850 pages long, Dodd-Frank required more than 10 regulatory  agencies to write almost 400 new rules, which added more than 27,000  new Federal restrictions on American businesses. Think about that  regulatory burden--more than 27,000 new Federal restrictions on  American businesses.   Compliance costs to implement these Dodd-Frank rules have exceeded  $36 billion--I repeat, $36 billion--which is ultimately passed on to  consumers. It required nearly 73 million paperwork hours. In fact,  agencies were still writing Dodd-Frank regulations after the law was  passed. These costs hit small banks and credit unions especially hard,  harming the driving forces of economic growth in rural areas and in our  underserved areas. These financial institutions provide critical  funding for credit for families and small businesses, especially in  rural areas and in underserved areas. Rural States particularly feel  that impact, like my home State of North Dakota.    Because of their small size, community banks and credit unions have a  more difficult time complying with excessively complex reporting and  paperwork requirements. Compliance costs have hastened bank closures in  small towns, leading to a growing number of places with no bank  branches--meaning, not having financial services for consumers.   Nationwide, more than one in five U.S. banks have disappeared; that  is more than 1,700 institutions--or more than one small bank or  financial institution every business day--that have shut down since  Dodd-Frank was enacted. That means less access to financial services  for consumers across this country, particularly those who don't live in  our large urban areas.   Since Dodd-Frank was signed into law, North Dakota has lost over one- fifth of its credit unions, with the number of credit unions in North  Dakota declining from 47 in 2010 to 35 today. The number of community  banks in North Dakota similarly dropped from 90 in 2010 to 74 today.  These institutions have been forced to merge and consolidate due to the  overly burdensome regulatory compliance costs associated with Dodd- Frank.   The ultimate loser, of course, from these increased regulations,  compliance costs, and the subsequent consolidation ends up being the  very consumer that Dodd-Frank was intended to protect. Whether you are  shopping for a loan to fund an innovative startup business, operating  capital for your family farm, or seeking a mortgage to purchase your  first home, fewer banks and fewer credit unions means fewer options for  consumers.   In North Dakota and in rural communities Nationwide, our community  banks and credit unions serve just that--the communities. They serve  their local communities. They are not only savings and lending  institutions for hard-working neighbors, local businesses, farmers,  ranchers, and community members, but they are willing to work with  borrowers facing circumstances unique to their rural community. They  know their customer. They know their community. They know their service  area.   Rural community banks and credit unions typically make loans that  don't fit the standard mortgage mold. Properties that are not cookie- cutter residential properties are very common in rural markets. Rural  lenders tend to use their knowledge of the market and the customer to  structure loans that work for both the borrower and the bank. In other  words, they make a loan fit the customer, rather than trying to make  the customer fit a one-size-fits-all loan program with too much  regulation. That might require using multiple pieces of property as  collateral for the loan or utilizing a short-term loan to assist with a  renovation that is paid off with the sale of a crop.   Documenting assets and cash to close a loan may look very different.  For example, livestock in a feedlot waiting for sale or crops ready for  harvest or in storage silos may substitute for cash in the bank that  would typically get a borrower to qualify for a loan under the  standardized approach where one size is supposed to fit everyone.   The fundamental purpose of community banks and credit unions is to  serve their local communities. In North Dakota, they do this by forging  personal relationships with the small businesses, farmers and ranchers,  and individuals in their communities. By knowing their customers, they  are able to offer products tailored to each individual who comes into  the bank.   Dodd-Frank undermines this fundamental purpose by forcing banks and  credit unions to fit their customers into a one-size-fits-all mortgage  lending product called ``qualified mortgages.'' While this may work for  urban and suburban lenders who sell their mortgages to the largest Wall  Street banks, we have seen that it does not work in our rural States  and our rural areas.   The bill we are now considering provides relief to rural customers by  deeming certain mortgages held by lenders with less than $10 billion in  assets as qualified mortgages, allowing community banks and credit  unions to expand the types of mortgages they offer while maintaining  critical consumer protections--meaning more choice and more opportunity  for financing for consumers across the country. This means that our  community banks and credit unions in our State and across the Nation  will be able to offer a wider range of credit products and better serve  the small businesses, farmers and ranchers, and hard-working  individuals in our communities.   Another important issue facing our rural communities is a critical  shortage of appraisers. The appraisal is a key component of the home- buying process and is important to both borrowers and lenders. The bank  wants to know that the home financing they provide can be supported by  the collateral, and the borrower wants to make  [[Page S1718]]  sure they are not paying more than the home is worth.   In rural areas, including my State and many others, conducting  appraisals can be more complex than in suburban and urban areas because  there are fewer sales and fewer comparable properties. This makes it  vitally important that there are local appraisers who are familiar with  the area they are working in. However, we are seeing a dramatic  shortage of appraisers right now in our State and I know in other  States as well. For example, of the 53 counties in our State, 29 have  no resident appraisers. This means that all properties sold in those  counties are appraised by appraisers from outside the county, sometimes  from across the State. This can lead to significant wait times for an  appraisal to be completed, as well as the potential for inaccurate  appraisals.   This bill provides relief for home buyers in rural areas by exempting  rural mortgage portfolio loans of less than $400,000 from being  required to have a certified appraisal if the lender is unable to find  a State-certified or licensed appraiser to perform that certified  appraisal within 5 days. This will help reduce the cost to consumers  and streamline the already time-consuming home-buying process.   Additionally, this bill helps further protect consumers from identity  theft and other predatory practices by requiring credit bureaus to  provide consumers with one free freeze alert and one free unfreeze  alert per year. These tools will empower consumers to take more control  over their credit and better protect themselves from potential fraud.   This legislation also includes a provision I cosponsored that would  provide protections for bank employees who disclose the suspected  exploitation of a senior citizen to a regulatory or law enforcement  agency. This will encourage whistleblowers to come forward and protect  senior citizens from financial exploitation.   Additionally, I have filed an amendment, which I am urging my  colleagues to support, that would help our farmers weather the low  commodity prices and economic downturns in farm country. I have heard  from many farmers and bankers across the country that the current Farm  Service Agency, or FSA, loan program levels are outdated and do not  reflect the current ag economy.   My amendment would increase the maximum direct loan amount for the  Farm Operating and Farm Ownership Programs to $600,000 from the current  level of $300,000. It would also increase the maximum guaranteed loan  amount for these programs from $1.39 million to $2.5 million. This  would allow new and beginning farmers to purchase land and equipment or  provide necessary operating capital to help farmers endure through the  downturn in commodity prices. I will continue to work with my  colleagues on that amendment.   In conclusion, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer  Protection Act provides real regulatory relief to our community banks  and credit unions. I believe this will benefit consumers across this  country. It empowers lenders to sell products tailored to their  customers, assists rural communities impacted by the shortage of  certified appraisers, and provides enhanced consumer protections from  identity theft, fraud, and predatory practices.   It is past time that we provide regulatory relief to the community  banks and credit unions across this Nation. Passing this bill will  further economic development, increase lending in rural communities,  and alleviate the onerous requirements placed on our small community  financial institutions by Dodd-Frank. I urge my colleagues to support  this bill.   I yield the floor to the distinguished senior Senator from the great  State of Alabama.   