 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  allowed to speak for 4 minutes.    Thank you, Madam President.   I thank the Senator from Missouri for his great leadership on this  issue. As he was pointing out, this issue of whether we make a  continued increase in the funding for research at NIH goes right to the  long-term budgetary objectives of our country.   If we do not find the cure for Alzheimer's by the time we reach the  year 2050, the budget at Medicare and Medicaid for taking care of  Alzheimer's patients will be equal to the defense budget of our  country. Obviously, that is not sustainable. So the only way we are  going to be able to deal with this issue is to find a cure.   Research is medicine's field of dreams, from which we harvest  findings that give hope to families that there could be a cure for the  disease that runs through their family's history. It could be  Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, diabetes, cancer. Whatever the disease, it is  going to take funding from the NIH to match the magnitude of the  challenge. That is what this bill is going to do.   Working with Chairman Shelby and Senator Leahy, along with Mr. Blunt,  what we are seeing is another dramatic increase. He and Senator Murray  have worked with the chairs in order to accomplish this goal.   Ultimately, I know how important this issue is because my mother died  from Alzheimer's. The funding level for Alzheimer's research has been  woefully inadequate matched against the magnitude of the problem, so  there has had to be a dramatic increase.   Unfortunately, from 2002 until 2007, we have just level funding at  the National Institutes of Health, and that meant a cut by ultimately  20 percent in the spending capacity of NIH. So now we are making up for  lost ground. The key is, it draws the most talented young people in  America toward the goal of finding the cures and the breakthroughs that  can ultimately give hope to families because NIH isn't just the  National Institutes of Health, it is the ``National Institutes of  Hope''--the hope people have that the disease that runs through their  family will, in fact, be cured.   That is why this budget is so important because it is going to  increase the hope families have. It is going to draw more scientists  toward these issues. It is going to lead to more breakthroughs because  whether it be Alzheimer's or cancer or diabetes or ALS or whatever the  disease is, failure is not an option. We must find the breakthroughs  that are going to make a difference.   When it comes to Alzheimer's itself, when I was a boy, President  Kennedy said the mission to the Moon was what we should all be focusing  on. Well, in the 21st century, it is the mission to the mind. It is to  try to find ways in these labyrinthian passageways of the human brain  that we can find the clues that make it possible for us to find the  cure.   I thank the Senator from Missouri. I thank you, Madam President, for  giving me an opportunity to extend. There is no more important issue  than what we are going to be dealing with.   With that, I yield back.   