 Mr. President, I am Tom Carper, and I approved this  message.   I have had the privilege of serving on the Environment and Public  Works Committee for--oh, my gosh--17 years and now serve as the senior  Democrat on the committee. I have had the opportunity of serving with  Sheldon Whitehouse for more than half of those years. He is a senior  member of our committee, a good friend, and, I think, someone who is  respected by Democrats and Republicans and Independents alike here in  the Senate. He is the junior Senator from Rhode Island, but he casts a  long shadow on a lot of issues, none less than the issue we are  discussing here today.   I join my friend Senator Coons in thanking Sheldon sincerely for his  passion and for his persistence in highlighting what the vast majority  of the world recognizes as the greatest environmental challenge of our  time, and that is climate change.   Our friend from Rhode Island is a well-known climate champion, but  what some may not know is that Sheldon has spent over 500 hours here on  the Senate floor in reminding all of us that it is long past time to  wake up, that it is time to wake up and get serious about addressing  this ever-growing threat. I learned early on in the Senate that if we  want to get anything done, we have to be persistent, and we have to  stay on message. He has been staying on that message through 200 floor  speeches, and the theme has always been ``time to wake up.'' For nearly  6 years now, Sheldon Whitehouse has reiterated what his constituents in  the Ocean State and what constituents in our State, the First State,  see every day--climate change is real, human beings are making it  worse, and it is threatening our economy and our way of life. Those of  us living in coastal States also know all too well that we can no  longer ignore the issue or wait to take real action.   While our friend from Rhode Island is--what they like to say in Rhode  Island--wicked smart, you don't have to  [[Page S1671]]  take his word for it that climate change is a growing threat, for  leading scientists in our country and around the world have been saying  this not just for a couple of years but for decades. Scientists and  medical professionals have also linked climate change to increased air  pollution, deadly high temperatures, and more pests in our food and  water--all of which negatively impact our health and disproportionately  affect the most vulnerable among us.   These days, you don't need a degree in science or medicine to see the  disastrous effect of climate change on the world in which we live.  Rising sea levels and extreme weather events from climate change are  the new norm. In 2017 alone, we had multiple category 5 hurricanes--I  think maybe for the first time in history. We had the second hottest  year on record, catastrophic fires in the West, and severe flooding in  the East. These events place extreme burdens on the American people, on  our economy, and on our budget, having cost our Federal Government  literally hundreds of billions of dollars not over the last 10 years  but last year--in 1 year.   The effects of rising sea levels are even more harmful in low-lying,  coastal States, like Delaware. Senator Coons explained that Delaware is  the lowest lying State in America, where the highest piece of land in  our State is a bridge. There is a combination of things going on in  coastal States like ours. In our State, the land is sinking, and the  sea is rising. That is not a good combination for Delaware or any other  place, and our friends from Rhode Island know of what I speak.   I am delighted that Senator Whitehouse is a member of the Environment  and Public Works Committee with many of us because, whether we are  discussing environmental policy or infrastructure investments, the  Senator from Rhode Island never fails to remind our colleagues of the  unique and significant challenges that coastal States face as a result  of climate change.   Many people may not know this, but as I said before, you can go to  Delaware, the lowest lying State. You can come with me and drive south  on State Highway 1, past Dover Air Force Base, make a left turn on  Prime Hook Road, drive to the edge of Delaware Bay, and look across  toward New Jersey. There is a concrete bunker--I don't know--maybe 500  feet out in the water, poking up out of the water. What used to be  there at the water's edge was a parking lot, where people used to park  their trucks and launch their boats and go out and fish or whatever.  That concrete bunker out in the ocean, out in Delaware Bay, used to sit  500 feet west of the dune line. It is now out in the ocean and is  largely covered when we have high tide.   I invite my colleagues who deny climate change to visit our State.  Come to Delaware and see firsthand what I just described at Prime Hook  Beach. Come with us to a place called Southbridge, which is just at the  southern edge of Wilmington, DE, or to the roads that are washing out  in Odessa, which is about 30 miles south of Wilmington, where the  strongest storms have ravaged our beaches and the sea level has risen,  as I mentioned earlier, at Prime Hook Beach.   One colleague who has been to Delaware more than a few times is  Sheldon Whitehouse. I like to call him affectionately ``the  Whitehouse.'' A few years back, Senator Whitehouse came to the First  State to see a spectacular natural event that Delaware is lucky to host  every year--the arrival of the red knots. They fly for literally  thousands and thousands of miles, from south to north and north to  south. They stop for lunch in Delaware. They eat the eggs of our  horseshoe crabs, and they refuel for their journey. Imagine it. They  are not this big. They are maybe half the size of the birds that are  right here, but they can fly literally thousands of miles--almost  10,000--before stopping to refuel.   Each year, Delaware Bay hosts tens of thousands of tiny but tough  birds--the red knots. The red knot regularly migrates some 19,000  miles, it turns out, each year from the southern tip of South America  all the way up to the Arctic Circle. It stops in Delaware to feed on  horseshoe crab eggs and refuel for the rest of its journey. It is an  incredible journey for such a small shorebird. Its arrival on our  shores is a must-see event, as our friend from Rhode Island can attest.    You might think that a bird as hearty as the red knot, which flies  across the globe every year, might be able to escape the effects of  climate change, but warming temperatures, ocean acidification, and sea  level rise are threatening their food supply and their nesting grounds  all along their journey. If nothing else, we should be working together  to ensure that our children and our grandchildren will be able to  experience natural phenomena like the arrival of the red knots for  years, for decades, for centuries to come. We should also recognize  that we share a home with these creatures. It is not just our planet;  it is their planet too. If we allow climate change to determine their  fate, it will undoubtedly determine ours eventually.   I will close with this. I know that fighting climate change is a  personal matter for me. I also know that the same is true for our  friend from Rhode Island. We are fighting for our constituents' way of  life, and our Senator from Rhode Island and I will continue to speak  truth to power.   To the climate science deniers who are still out there, I borrow the  fitting words of our Ocean State colleague: It is really time to wake  up. Climate change is no longer in the distant future; it is here, it  is now, and we need to meet that challenge head-on.   I yield to the Senator from Hawaii.   