 Mr. President, over the past couple of months, we have  seen a lot of effort with regard to immigration reform and in  particular to address the situation of the so-called DACA kids, the  Dreamers who were brought here through no fault of their own and are  now protected--many of them--through the DACA Program. But those  protections will run out on March 5. In fact, some have lost their  protections already. So there is a great impetus and urgency to deal  with this program.   I have said from the beginning that in order to establish a long-term  resolution and to provide regulatory certainty, a true DACA fix must be  a bipartisan solution. Over the past year, the two big items this  Chamber and the Congress have dealt with--healthcare reform and tax  policy--have been done under rules of reconciliation, meaning that if  we could get a bare majority of Republican votes, that would be enough,  if we could keep all the Republicans together. That is no longer the  case with our approach to DACA. We are not under rules of  reconciliation. It will require 60 votes, meaning that only a  bipartisan solution will do. That is why I have been working on such a  measure with my Republican and Democratic colleagues in Congress, as  well as the White House.   As I have said repeatedly, on this issue, I believe that the  President's instincts are better than some of the advice that he gets.  I truly believe that he does want a solution for these young  immigrants. I hope we can get there. We will have a meeting tomorrow at  the White House--a bipartisan meeting--to try to get a little farther  down the road.   Let me stress that a lot of words that are highly charged are thrown  around this immigration debate. No word is perhaps more highly charged  than the word ``amnesty.'' That has been thrown around by a number of  my colleagues. I would suggest that is not the case here with the DACA  kids. Amnesty, by definition, is an unconditional pardon for a breach  of law. I don't think a child who was brought across the border by the  parents has committed a violation of the law--not the child; certainly  the parents but not the child. To provide relief for those kids and to  allow them to stay in the only country they know I don't think should  be called amnesty. Yet that highly charged word is often used. To  suggest that anyone pursuing a bipartisan solution is proposing amnesty  I think is misleading, and it sets back the cause of trying to fix the  situation.   A proposal that we are drafting--this bipartisan group--offers a  pathway to citizenship for only a specific group of young immigrants-- as I mentioned, those who were brought here through no fault of their  own. These are immigrants who are serving in the military, who are  seeking education, who are holding good jobs. They will be required to  continue to do so before they  [[Page S63]]  can have a chance to earn citizenship. As for the parents of these  young immigrants, nobody can deny the fact that they did break the law,  and any bipartisan proposal on DACA cannot and will not reward them for  this behavior.   I agree with the President when he said that dealing with DACA is a  very difficult subject but that we must do so with heart. I believe  that has been the case for those in this Chamber who have tried for 16  years to get a solution for these kids.   We have to prioritize border security measures, obviously, to  determine which ones are sensible to include in a DACA measure. We will  go beyond simply dealing with these DACA kids with some border security  measures, but we have to find out which ones are sensible and make  sense to include in this limited measure and table those that should be  considered for the future.   I have been part of comprehensive immigration reform efforts in the  past. I look forward to being part of comprehensive immigration reform  efforts later this year, but this is not that. We have a very specific  purpose to achieve before the 5th of March. The commitment we got was  to have a bipartisan bill on the Senate floor by January 31. I believe  we need to have that in order to have enough runway to get this done by  March 5.   The White House, after much urging on our part, finally sent a list  over as to what should be considered part of the border security plan.  As I mentioned, many of these items need to be addressed. Maybe all of  the items need to be addressed, but they need to be addressed as part  of a larger, more comprehensive effort, not the limited fix we are  going to do before March 5. I am all in when it comes to comprehensive  immigration reform. I look forward to that debate. But we have to  understand that we can't do it all before March 5 if we are going to  protect these kids.   Some will say: Well, we get to March 5, if we can't do it, then we  just kick the can down the road again with some other protection.   I think the courts have made it clear that what was done prior to  this--the DACA Program itself--was not constitutional, and should we  simply say we are going to extend that program now, it would be found  unconstitutional by the courts. This is a real deadline, and we have to  meet it. We have to focus specifically on protecting these DACA  recipients. I think Republicans, Democrats, and the President all want  this. The question is, Are we going to, just over the next couple of  weeks, talk about bigger, broader issues that need to be dealt with but  have no chance of being part of legislation?   In 2013, I participated in what was called the Gang of 8. We  negotiated for 7 straight months nearly every night. We were in  Washington. We as Members negotiated--and our staffs did as well--much  longer hours and into the weekends. Then we brought that piece of  legislation to the Judiciary Committee, where we debated it for a  couple of weeks. I think we amended it more than 100 times. Then we  brought it to the House floor for another couple of weeks and amended  it several more times before passing it by a vote of 68 to 32. That was  a long process--hard-fought compromises in that legislation. To suggest  that we can go through a similar effort in the next couple of weeks--it  simply isn't going to happen. The list the White House brought forward  is simply something that we ought to consider for comprehensive reform  but not for this specific fix.   With regard to the border itself, we all know that we need additional  infrastructure on the border. I represent Arizona. We have some 375  miles of border. Some of the border has good barriers in terms of  fences. The closest thing we have approximating a wall is these old  landing strips from World War II that we put on their end and cemented  in. They are opaque. You can't really see through them. We have them in  a number of the communities along the border. We have been taking them  out because they are not very effective and putting fences in place of  them because we need to have visibility to the other side of the  border.   Most of what the President is talking about along the southern border  is a fence. We do need more fences. In the Gang of 8 bill, I think we  authorized 700 miles of additional and improved fencing. Nobody is  suggesting we don't need additional infrastructure or barriers on the  border. The question is, How much do we provide for it in this  legislation?   The President has made a request in the budget for about $1.6 billion  for the coming year. I think that will result in about 74 miles of  fence between Texas and California. I think that is a good place to  start. How much we authorize going forward will be very much in debate.   I know that during the campaign, the President talked long and hard  about building a wall, but every time he mentioned building a wall, he  talked about Mexico paying for it. We all know--and many of us knew at  the time--Mexico was not going to pay for that wall. They are not. That  is why the President is asking for $18 billion of U.S. taxpayer money  to fund that wall. To suggest that the President hasn't changed his  position and that we are dealing with a proposal that we have known was  coming from the White House simply isn't true. It has changed. The  President initially said that Mexico would pay for it. That is not the  case. The U.S. taxpayers are going to pay for any infrastructure on the  border. That is as it should be. If we are putting up the border fence,  we ought to pay for it. To suggest that nobody has changed their  position is simply not true.   Deals like this where you need 60 votes necessarily involve  compromise. No party, no individual is going to get everything they  want. The White House will not get everything they want. The Democrats  in Congress will not, and neither will the Republicans. This will be a  compromise.   I am simply suggesting tonight--let's get real about the time  involved between now and when we have to fix this and not think that we  can simply kick the can down the road and put in some temporary fix,  some kind of bridge later that will protect these kids. Those  protections will run out on March 5 and may be done at that point.  Let's get serious. Let's all get serious, Republicans and Democrats,  and not come to the table with unrealistic expectations about what can  be done and what can be part of this legislation. Let's have something  that we can put on the Senate floor by the end of the month to leave  sufficient time to get this fixed by March 5. I hope we can all work  together on this, Republicans and Democrats.    I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Pennsylvania.   