 Mr. President, I just want to take a moment and, in  particular, thank my colleagues from Kansas and Colorado, as well as my  colleague from New Mexico, Senator Udall, and especially Senator Moran  of Kansas, as well as Senator Roberts and Senator Gardner and Senator  Bennet, all for their efforts on behalf of the Southwest Chief line.   Long-distance passenger rail routes, like the Southwest Chief,  literally connect millions of Americans from across the country who  live in rural communities to the rest of the Nation. They do that  culturally, and they do that economically.  [[Page S5339]]    Each year, the Southwest Chief in New Mexico, for example, brings  thousands of Boy Scouts from all across our great Nation to the  Philmont Scout Ranch and generates economic activity in every community  along the way, whether it is in Las Vegas or Lamy or Albuquerque--you  name it. In many cases, long-distance routes provide the only  affordable transportation alternatives to highways for rural residents,  particularly the elderly and the disabled.   I thank all of my colleagues from these States for standing up for  long-distance passenger rail, for working to reject any proposals that  would suspend long-distance rail service and literally send rural  residents back to the back of the bus.   We have a disconnect in this country between the rural and the urban  economies, between the center of the heartland and the coasts in this  country, particularly economically. If we are going to combat this, we  have to invest in the transportation infrastructure and the information  infrastructure that can make a difference in rural communities.   This is not the time to be turning our backs on rural communities  with regard to passenger rail and transportation. That would be an  absolute travesty for small communities all through the heartland,  whether you are talking about Kansas or Colorado or New Mexico--or,  really, from one end of the Southwest Chief all the way to Chicago, to  the West Coast, in Arizona and California.   I thank all of my colleagues who have been fighting for this issue.  It is incredibly important to so many of my constituents in New Mexico.  I urge everyone to support the Moran-Udall amendment. It is absolutely  critical.   