 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for giving me an  opportunity to rise in support of H.R. 4061, a bipartisan bill that I  worked very closely on with the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Ross), and  I thank him for giving me the opportunity to partner with him on this  bill. This is a bill, as has already been stated, that came out of the  Financial Services Committee with the support of the majority of the  Democrats.   Mr. Speaker, about 10 years ago, we had a financial crisis; and  during that financial crisis, 19 of the 20 largest financial  institutions in this country failed or needed support from the Federal  Government. More importantly, tens of millions of Americans lost their  jobs, lost their homes, lost their retirement savings.   In the wake of that crisis, it was very appropriate for Congress to  do something, and we did, with Dodd-Frank legislation, which is  legislation that I strongly support. As part of the Dodd-Frank  legislation, FSOC was established, the Financial Stability Oversight  Council; and the job of FSOC was to reduce systemic risk in the  financial services sector, which is a mission that I also support.   But they were given very limited tools to fulfill that mission.  Effectively, their one tool was to designate companies as systemically  risky to the system. So they had the power to designate; they didn't  really have the power to de-risk the system, which should be their job.   What this piece of legislation--again, this piece of strongly  bipartisan legislation--does is effectively empower FSOC with the  ability to reduce risk in the financial services system by working in a  collaborative manner with companies that it is considering designated  and the primary regulators of those companies to develop plans to de- risk those companies.   Mr. Speaker, wouldn't we be better off with a financial services  system that has less risk in it, fewer companies that are considered  systemically risky in substance, as opposed to having a system that is  inherently more risky or has greater risk and has more companies  designated?   In other words, designation doesn't, in and of itself, reduce risk.  What reduces risk is primary regulators working with FSOC and companies  that it deems potentially worthy of designation to develop strategies  and plans to de-risk those companies. That is precisely what this  legislation does.     That is precisely what this designation does, which is  why so many Democrats supported this bill, because we believe, as do  many of my Republican colleagues, that the mission of FSOC is worthy  and that we should be empowering FSOC to do its job and de-risk the  financial industry of the United States of America.   