 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, let me say that, since August of 2017, the  Burmese military has inflicted horrific violence against the Rohingya  in Burma's Rakhine State and is, today, using the same tactics against  the Kachin. The result: 700,000 refugees. I didn't get that wrong. It  is 700,000 refugees pushed into Bangladesh. Eighty percent are women  and children, many of whom are now victims of horrific gender-based  violence. It is the sort of treatment ethnic minorities have endured  there for decades.   This a manmade crisis--ethnic cleansing, perhaps genocide--and to  date there has been no accountability. This measure would change that.  It would limit U.S. military-to-military assistance with the Burmese  military until we see progress on human rights and accountability.   It would authorize tough financial sanctions and visa bans against  military and security forces involved in human rights abuses, promote  transparency, and push reform in the Burmese gem sector, a target of  corrupt military influence; and it requires the Secretary of State to  determine what, in addition to ethnic cleansing, might have occurred.   This body has long stood on the side of freedom, democracy, and human  rights in Burma. I urge all Members to join me today in doing the same  thing by supporting this measure.   Mr. Chair, I urge all Members to support this, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of an amendment I joined  with Ranking Member Smith to offer on Niger.   Last October, four American servicemembers were killed in an ambush  in Niger. We still don't fully understand what happened. For some  reason, the zeal for oversight seems to have dried up in the last 16  months.   Here is what we do know: American personnel were in Niger for an  advise-and-accompany mission, but sometime after these four heroes lost  their lives, the administration said: Well, no, they actually fought  under the 2001 war authorization.   That is the post-9/11 AUMF.   So four Americans are dead, and it turns out they have been fighting  the war on terror one country after another. There are seemingly no  limits, and we have a responsibility to do better.   This is a scandal screaming out for congressional oversight--not just  in this case, but in so many of the far-flung places where our military  is engaged overseas.   We need to stay focused on fighting terrorist organizations. But the  law says Congress decides when and where we fight wars, and the  administration appears to be losing track of what authorities it has  and where it is using them.    Mr. Chairman, I am glad to join Ranking Member Smith in offering this  amendment that hopefully will shed light on our mission in the region.   