 Mr. President, earlier this month, the Fed released the  results of its annual stress test--exercises designed to ensure that  the largest banks can withstand economic shocks and will not need  another taxpayer bailout in the event of a crisis. These stress tests  were not in effect a decade ago before the last crisis and likely would  have prevented--or made much softer--the economic landing that we had.   What happened with these annual stress tests that just came out  illustrates exactly what is wrong with Washington, what is wrong with  this Congress, and what is wrong with Wall Street.   The Fed allowed the seven largest banks to redirect $96 billion--that  is 96 thousand million--that should be used to pay workers, reduce fees  for consumers, or protect taxpayers from bailouts. Instead, it allowed  the seven largest banks to plow that money into share buybacks and  dividends to reward wealthy executives and generally wealthy investors.  Two banks, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, had capital below the  required amounts. That is right. Those banks failed the test, but they  got passing grades anyway. The Fed called them up, let them haggle over  the test results, and allowed them to proceed with buybacks and  dividends that drained their required capital.   In what classroom in America would a teacher grade a paper and  preliminarily give it an F and then negotiate with the student over  test results and then say, OK, you passed? But the stakes in this case  are a lot higher than one midterm exam. We are talking about the  biggest banks in the country. We are talking about whether they send  money to the wealthiest investors or, instead, have enough skin in the  game to protect taxpayers.   So why are these buybacks such a problem? Share buybacks and  dividends juice stock prices but do little to increase long-term growth  in companies and do very little to reward the workers who make a  company's success possible.   During the last crisis, we saw big banks send money out the door with  buybacks and dividends just months before they imploded and cost  taxpayers billions. Watchdogs in the Bush administration had the tools  to intervene sooner but, instead, courted Wall Street at the expense of  the rest of the country. Some of those regulators today were in the  Treasury Department, in the Bush White House, and the Fed in those days  and didn't see the crisis coming. They turned their backs and said: It  is OK to allow these dividends and allow these stock buybacks.   Back to this year, the seven largest banks in the country increased  their 2018 stock dividends paid to investors by 24 percent compared to  last year. The banks that the Fed allowed to increase their stock  buybacks increased their repurchases by a stunning 63 percent. What  teller, what salesperson, what branch bank manager in Lorain, OH,  Mansfield, OH, or Miamisburg, OH, got a raise like that in the last  year?   My colleagues don't think much about this, but the average teller in  America makes $12.50 an hour. Bank executives are making $5 million,  $10 million, and $20 million, and they get big raises on top of that.  They get stock buybacks, juicing their compensation as their  stockholdings go up and up. Yet the average teller makes $12.50 an  hour.   Wells Fargo doubled its buybacks--an increase of more than 100  percent. The money spent on stock buybacks alone is 314 times more than  what it would cost the bank to boost employee wages to $15 an hour.  Remember that the average teller makes $12.50 an hour in this country.   Wells CEO Tim Sloan got a 36-percent raise last year, even in the  wake of scandal after scandal. I found the ads you see all over the  place, watching a Cleveland Indians game on TV, sitting in my living  room in Cleveland. I have seen these ads in Washington. I have seen  them all over--how Wells Fargo is going to learn from its past  mistakes. They were once the greatest company, they failed, and now  they will be a great company again. But they gave their CEO--who  clearly has had some serious issues at that bank--a 36-percent raise.   Again, tellers make $12.50 an hour. Wall Street banks are rewarding  themselves rather than workers and, in the process, draining the  capital that should be their safeguard against taxpayer bailouts.   I hear my colleagues on both sides of the aisle say: We will never  allow a bailout again.   We are doing things that will set us up to do that because we are  moving away from the reforms we made. The problem is getting worse. The  Fed wants to make the tests even easier next year, weakening the key  constraints that caused Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley to fail this  year, or would have caused them to fail if they hadn't talked their way  out of it. It is quite a student who can talk their teacher out of it.   Federal Reserve Vice Chair Randal Quarles has also floated giving  more leeway to banks to comment on the tests before they are  administered. I like Vice Chairman Quarles. I did not vote to confirm  him. I like him. I respect him. I sat across the table from  [[Page S4837]]  him for 2 or 3 hours, probably total, over his time there. I assume I  will get to know him better as we talk on these issues. But he was in  the Bush administration as the crisis built and built, when the economy  was about to implode. He said things were rosy. We are trusting him. He  is the Vice Chair for Supervision. We are entrusting him and others at  the Fed to say that it is OK to give leeway to bankers to comment on  the tests before they are administered. It is like helping students  write the exam. We wouldn't do it anywhere else, but we do it with  banks who risk our economy with their instability.   They are even considering dropping the qualitative portion of the  stress test altogether. That is the part of the test that examines  banks' risk management processes, data systems, and the fitness of its  very well-paid board of directors. I am not sure of the precise number,  but boards of directors in the seven largest banks, I believe, all make  at least $200,000 a year. I know they average significantly more than  that--for part-time jobs. They are important jobs. They also have other  jobs--most of them--but jobs where they so often seem to turn their  heads at all of these problems.   Banks such as Deutsche Bank, Santander, HSBC, RBS--all foreign-owned  banks--and Citigroup, an American bank, have all failed on qualitative  grounds before. But rather than taking that as evidence that these  banks need to shape up, they are considering scrapping this critical  part of the exam. The Dodd-Frank rollback bill that this Congress just  passed will also make things worse next year.   Right now the Fed is considering how to replace existing stress tests  for banks with between $100 billion and $250 billion in assets to make  them easier on the banks and less frequent--easier on the banks and  less frequent. Rather than having annual company-run stress tests for  the largest banks--those with more than $250 billion in assets--the  tests now, because of the new law that bank lobbyists and President  Trump wanted, will only be required to be periodic. They used to be  annual. Now we are saying periodic. Who interprets ``periodic''? A  bunch of Fed regulators that have already shown to be too close to bank  interests.   All of this test curving comes alongside the weakening of other  financial protections: dismantling the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau, undermining the Volcker rule, weakening the Community  Reinvestment Act--as if there is no discrimination in this country  anymore--and loosening rules around bank capital.   Imagine if the people in this town listened as much to workers as  they did to Wall Street bankers. But money talks in this town.  Lobbyists talk, representing money. Wall Street talks, representing  money. Executives talk, representing money.   We have very profitable banks--banks that taxpayers bailed out.  Congress in the last year gave these banks huge tax cuts. Congress  passed a deregulation bill that these banks demanded. We saw an article  in the paper recently that Wall Street is retooling its whole lobbyist  network in Washington because they didn't get quite enough on the  banking deregulation bill. They thought it did a lot for community  banks and midsized banks but not enough for the big guys. So they are  retooling. I am not making this up. They are retooling their operations  so they can do better. You have a Vice Chair for Supervision who  clearly favors Wall Street in the rules that he has already suggested.   Boy, it is good to be a bank. It is great to be a banker in America.  It is great to be a banker in 2018. It is great to be a banker in  Trump's America.   I yield the floor.   