 Mr. President, we have talked about this recently more  than we have in quite some time: Defending America needs to be our No.  1 commitment. To many of us, it has always been. That is why we have  been coming to the floor, talking about the national defense strategy,  the Armed Services Committee, and we have had the honor and privilege  of hearing from some really well-informed people--Members and people  from the outside--and they look and see the threats that we are  facing. Now, they don't always agree with each other, but I really  believe we are in the most threatened position we have been in as a  country in the years I have been here. That will come as a little  surprise because people know we have had threats, that we have been at  war for two decades, and that we still have the threat of terrorism. It  is out there. They have seen dangerous behavior in rogue states.    I like the idea the administration came up with as we were looking at  our peer competitors, which are China and Russia. These are countries  that actually have passed us up in many areas. I  [[Page S7750]]  talk to the American people when I go back to my State of Oklahoma, and  they find out we have countries that actually have things that are  better than what we have. There are quotes we have heard from our  various top people on the types of artillery our competition has. Not  only do we have peer competition from China and Russia, but we also  have the rogue countries that are out there--North Korea, Iran, and all  of them. So the threat is there. It is a very real thing.   We need to have answers, so the Department of Defense has created a  new defense strategy. This new defense strategy is one that, I think,  has been done very well. It takes into consideration the problems of  countries that are peer competition along with the rogue nations. I  think it has really done a good job.   We had a hearing about 2 weeks ago on the National Defense Strategy  Commission that was put together. I have been here for quite some time  and have seen a lot of Commissions and a lot of reports come up. I have  never seen one that--I wouldn't even call it bipartisan--was just  nonpartisan. One of the individuals, Gary Roughead, who is an admiral  and was a cochairman of the National Defense Strategy Commission, said  he didn't have any idea who on that Commission was appointed by  Democrats and who by Republicans. There were an equal number of  Democrats and Republicans from the House and an equal number of  Democrats and Republicans from the Senate. It did come out just with  the very difficult truth that we had to deal with. I think one of the  cochairmen was Ambassador Edelman, and he said it was so bipartisan  that there was no way of telling who had appointed whom.   Anyway, this is something that has been put together, and the  Commission report has a bunch of stuff that tells the whole ugly truth.  It is an ugly truth to realize, particularly when you talk to people  out there in the real world throughout America. They assume we have the  best of everything. So to find out we have a real threat kind of makes  you go back and remember the good old days of the Cold War, when we had  two superpowers, because we knew what they had, and they knew what we  had. Mutual assured destruction meant something. It doesn't mean  anything anymore.   One of the significant individuals on this report was Senator Kyl  from Arizona. The reason I say that is, Senator Kyl, in my opinion and  in the opinions of many people, has been historically in the U.S.  Senate and has been, perhaps, one of the most--if not the most-- knowledgeable of individuals on the threats we face and on our  capabilities we have in this country. It is unique that Senator Kyl is  on this Commission because, when he got on the Commission, he was not a  member of the U.S. Senate. He came back after the death of Senator John  McCain and is serving for what appears to be just a short period of  time. So he is in the unique position of serving on the Commission and  of having been, for many years, in a position to help us meet something  we have not met before that is a real challenge.   Senator Kyl, why don't you kind of talk about, maybe, the Senate and  its bipartisan nature and how this thing came together, which would be  very similar as to how it was expressed when we had our meeting, I  think, 2 or 3 weeks ago for this Commission. It has been very  successful, and I applaud the Senator for his work on it.    That is one of the things I was really impressed with on  this report. You guys didn't hold any punches. You said exactly what it  was. In fact, I have a list of the quotes that were in there that I  actually used on the floor yesterday. I guess they were from the  different members--the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the  Secretary of Defense, and the rest of them--that showed very clearly it  was not adequately reauthorized and that we were going to have to do  something about it.   I do want to ask what the Senator's recommendation was on the  Commission to do it.   Where is that chart? That is not the one I want.   This is kind of a shocker for a lot of people. People don't realize  this is just one element of it that shows that China is actually  passing us up. By 2030, it is going to have a larger navy than we have.  You and I have been on both the House Armed Services Committee and on  the Senate Armed Services Committee and have watched. It is kind of  hard to concede that the time we always feared was going to be there is  there now, that we are now faced with that problem.   What kind of recommendation did the Commission come up with to get us  out of this hole?    I think that has been something we have talked about for  a long period of time.   I think we have to recognize the problem we had been in during the  Obama years, during the last 5 years, which is a shocker. It kind of  gives people an idea of how we got into this mess to start with. If you  take and use the years 2010 to 2015--that would have been the last 5  years of the Obama administration--and use constant 2018 dollars, in  2010, the budget would have been $794 billion. In 2015, it would have  been $586 billion dollars. That is a reduction of $210 billion over a  5-year period. Nowhere else in government did we have any kind of a  reduction in any program, but that is where it really got into trouble.  I believe we will have to face this and recognize what the problem  really is and tell everyone what the problem is.   Now, I say to my friend from Arizona that he has been active in  nuclear deterrence, and we have not been so much. I can remember--and  he can remember--back in the sixties when this was recognized as a  problem. I think the last time we actually did any nuclear  modernization was in the eighties. We had the triad system for a long  period of time when China didn't have it and when Russia didn't have  it, but they have it today, and they have actually done more.   We have a chart for this that shows what we have not done and what  they have been doing.   So, in the area of a nuclear deterrent or of nuclear modernization,  it might be a good idea to see what the folks on this Commission were  looking at it in terms of that threat we are facing.    We have done a lot in recognition of what is coming up. I  can't tell you how important it was to have this document. It is the  first time I have seen everything written down so we understand it and  the unvarnished truth about the threats out there.   Right now we have this as the blueprint we are using. We are also  doing what we did this last year on the NDAA. The National Defense  Authorization Act is one which has to be done and done in a timely  manner. We were able to do it last year. We are going to do the same  thing this year, but when we talk about rebuilding the readiness, the  brigade combat teams, up until about 2 years ago, we were only at 35  percent of what could actually be used. Of course, the Marines and the  Navy use the F-18s, and only 31 percent of those were actually flyable  at the time. We have a lot of that type of thing that is going to be  necessary.   You mentioned the triad. A lot of people don't know what that is, but  now that both China and Russia know what it is, it is important we do  the job we are supposed to do.   Acquisition reform. I can remember when the Senator from Arizona and  I were both on the House Armed Services Committee. At that time, 30  years ago, we were talking about acquisition reform. We haven't been  doing it. We have some really dedicated people who have background in  that, and we are going to try to get something done, but I think the  main thing right now is going to have to be funding.   The Senator mentioned the 3- to 5-percent increase in funding over  and above the amount of inflation. When you stop and think about it,  when we started out 2 years ago, in fiscal year 2018, we raised it to  $700 billion; in fiscal year 2019, we raised the budget for the  military up to $716 billion; then the first budget that came out from  this President for fiscal year 2020 is $733 billion. If you do the  math, between fiscal  [[Page S7752]]  year 2016 and fiscal year 2033, it is only increasing it by 2.1  percent, which isn't even inflation.   At that level, we are not carrying out the recommendation that came  from the Commission and all those individuals who agree with it--the  Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Secretary of Defense, and  everyone else knowledgeable in the field. So we have our work cut out  for us.    I have to say, the figure we are talking about right now  came right out of this book. You guys did a great job. My hope is, you  will continue to serve in some capacity because we desperately need  you. It has been great to have you back, for however brief the time. We  accomplished a lot during that brief time.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I want to finish up where Senator Kyl and  I started off this morning and elaborate a little bit more about what  responsibilities are concerning the nuclear modernization program.   Defending America should be our No. 1 priority. In most all of the  administrations throughout the years, it has been our No. 1 priority.  Today we are talking about the need to modernize our nuclear forces.   The reason I think this is important, there are a lot of people who  say the nuclear forces are a relic of the past. This is not true. Some  in Washington believe we don't need to modernize forces or that we can  cut off one of the three legs--the three legs being the ICBM, bomber,  and the submarine. It is not true. Our nuclear triad has to be kept  intact.   The arsenal is aging, and most of it has not been modernized since it  started in the 1960s. In the 1980s, the last modernization actually  took place during the Obama administration. They had a bet. They  believed if we reduced our role in the number of nuclear weapons, the  other countries would come along and do the same thing. That didn't  work out. In fact, they have done just the opposite.   As the Nuclear Posture Review said, very clearly, ``Since 2010 no  potential adversary has reduced either the role of nuclear weapons in  its national security strategy, or the number of nuclear weapons it  fields.''   There is a comparison. The lighter color there is in development. In  fact, Russia and China are both way ahead of us in that. In terms of  fielding a system, we haven't even fielded a system. We are clearly  behind in that respect.   Russia is modernizing every leg of the nuclear triad, but it is not  just that. They are also building a vast arsenal of tactical nuclear  weapons in addition to their triad.   We heard Putin talk about some of these things last spring, like the  nuclear-armed hypersonic weapons. Those are the hypersonic weapons that  react not like six per minute but many per tenth of a second. He  claimed he is ahead of us in that respect; that they have a nuclear- powered cruise missile and nuclear-armed missiles and defenses. We are  talking about in both offensive and defensive capability. That is what  Putin has been doing.   What is more, Russian doctrine emphasizes using nuclear weapons to  coerce the United States and NATO. Putin threatens NATO allies with  nuclear strikes. This is interesting. You have to keep in mind, we are  a nuclear NATO ally. In fact, that is about the time Putin made the  statement that if they were to declare war on NATO--and that includes  us and Western Europe--they would win. That is how things have become  more and more serious and how they are very proud of themselves that  they have been putting together a program faster than we are.   Meanwhile, there is China. They are also further along in modernizing  its nuclear arsenal. I think they claim or others claim that soon they  will have a complete nuclear triad, including an ICBM, a bomber, and a  submarine.   I suggest that they very well have that already. This doesn't even  get to North Korea's capabilities, Iran's nuclear ambitions, or the  threats from terrorism. It should be clear, looking at all of these,  that nuclear weapons are no Cold War relic. We need to modernize them  for the current threat of the environment we face.   Some of the critics say nuclear modernization is too expensive. I  will not say it is going to be cheap, but it is going to be affordable.  At its peak, in 2029, nuclear modernization will cost about 6.4 percent  of the military budget, the DOD budget. On average, over the next two  decades, it will be about 5 percent of the DOD budget. I think that is  a pretty good price, especially when you consider that we haven't been  investing in it for over two decades.   This investment will get us a new B-1 bomber with modernized cruise  missiles and a Columbia-class submarine. With this necessity to  increase our capabilities comes some good news and helps us with our  buildup. It will also bring command control to the 21st century and  will help revitalize the infrastructure, including the Department of  Energy. Some critics also say we have to choose between nuclear forces  and conventional forces; that we can't modernize both at the same time.   This report we talked about this morning is the best report I have  seen in showing where we are right now, where the other side is, what  their capabilities are. They make it very clear that the nuclear and  conventional forces are both indispensable to a balanced, effective  defense. The Nation should not hollow out one set of capabilities to  pay for another.   I think we are in a position now to go forward, and people will  recognize what we are now trying to do and keep up with what our  adversaries are doing.   In the past, there are some who have had very bipartisan support for  our nuclear deterrent. In fact, some of the current modernization  programs were started under the Obama administration when all the other  parts of our national defense were deteriorating.   Secretary Mattis said last year, it is not possible to delay  modernization of our nuclear forces if we are to preserve a credible  nuclear deterrent, ensuring that our diplomats continue to speak from  the position of strength on matters of war and peace.   I couldn't have said it better myself. We need to keep our deterrent  credible. Let's keep in mind, though, that, yes, this is true. The only  reason we are bringing up and emphasizing at this point the necessity  for a nuclear modernization is that we have been neglecting it for so  long. While we have been neglecting it, the other side has  [[Page S7760]]  been paying attention to their capabilities.   This book we talked about this morning--I didn't mention some of the  highlights in the book that I think are important because we in the  United States have to understand that we don't have the capabilities  some of our adversaries have.   Here are some of the highlights in this manual that has been lauded  as probably the most accurate bipartisan manual on defense we have ever  analyzed. It says, and these are quotes, ``assesses unequivocally that  the NDS''--that is the defense system--``is not adequately resourced.''  Another quote: ``America is very near the point of strategic  insolvency.'' Further, it says that ``America's military superiority  has eroded to a dangerous degree'' and that ``America's combat edge is  diminishing or has disappeared.'' That is all in this manual. But we  knew that. We saw this coming.   Remember, back in the early days of the Obama administration when  Chuck Hagel was the Secretary of Defense, he said--and I read this to  more people around the country back when the quote actually came out,  which was 2014. This is a quote from our Secretary of Defense under the  Obama administration: ``American dominance of the seas and the skies  and in space can no longer be taken for granted.''   Mark Milley, the Army Chief of Staff, said: ``In terms of artillery,  the Army is outgunned and outranged by our adversaries.''   The Vice CNO of the Navy, Admiral Moran, said that for our entire  Hornet fleet--F/A-18 fleet--we have 62 percent that are not flyable  today.   So we are rapidly recovering right now. In fact, we are entering into  a defense authorization bill, and one of the commitments we made is  that we are going to have a defense authorization bill that will come  up currently so that we will have it done well before the new year  starts. That being the case, that will allow us to then go in with  appropriations. One of the problems we have had before is that we are  depending on renewing the previous year, and that is not going to work  in this case.   So I think we are coming out ahead. I think we have pretty much  convinced most people who are making the decisions that we are going to  have do something to renew our nuclear modernization and get on with  the rebuilding that is taking place at this time.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   