 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today, as they do every year at this time,  tens of thousands of Americans from across the country, including from  my home State of South Dakota, will march from the National Mall to the  U.S. Supreme Court to stand up for the right to life. The march is  always inspiring with the huge crowds who come year after year, the  commitment and enthusiasm of the participants, and most of all, the  young people--teenagers, college students, young adults.   Abortion has been an ugly scar on our Nation for a long while now,  but seeing all these young people at the March for Life every year  fills me with hope because I know that these young people get it. They  know that life matters, and they are ready and willing to stand up and  say that, to stand up for the hundreds of thousands of unborn Americans  who are killed every year in this country by abortion.   This year, I hope to see Congress consider the Pain-Capable Unborn  Child Protection Act. This legislation would protect unborn children  who have reached the age of 20 weeks--that is 5 months of pregnancy-- from being killed by abortion. Right now, there are only seven  countries in the world that allow elective abortion after 20 weeks of  pregnancy. Among those  [[Page S325]]  countries are China, North Korea, and the United States of America. I  would like to suggest that is not the company Americans want to be  keeping when it comes to protecting human rights.   Mr. President, 63 percent of the American people support a ban on  abortion after 20 weeks of pregnancy, and that doesn't surprise me.  Take a look at a 5-month-old unborn baby on an ultrasound. It is pretty  darn obvious that is a human being in there. I think most people  instinctively know that human beings, no matter how small they are, are  worthy of protection.   Five months into a pregnancy, babies are doing a lot. They are  sucking their thumbs. They are yawning and stretching. They are  actively moving around. They are responding to noises, and they feel  and respond to pain. The scientific evidence on this point is clear: 5  months into a pregnancy, unborn babies feel pain. Yet, in our country,  it is legal to abort these babies. The procedures used to perform these  abortions are so brutal and inhuman that it is difficult to even talk  about them. Most Americans would rightly shrink from treating an animal  the way we treat unborn human beings.   Every year, there are hundreds of thousands of abortions in this  country. Planned Parenthood reports that it performed 321,384 abortions  in 2016. That number is so large that it is hard to fathom. To put that  into some kind of perspective, that is equivalent to more than one- third of the population of my home State of South Dakota.  Unfortunately, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act would not  eliminate all of these abortions, but it would make a difference, and  it would bring us one step closer to the day when every child born and  unborn is protected in law.   To all those who are marching for life today, thank you for being  here. Thank you for reminding all of us about an injustice that it is  all too easy for us to ignore. Thank you for standing up for all those  babies. The fight may be long, but I know that at the end of the day,  it is life that will win.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   