 Mr. President, I wish to speak for a moment about an  amendment I offered, the Due Process Guarantee Act amendment. This is  based on a bill Senator Feinstein and I have introduced together. It  has one purpose: to protect American citizens and lawful permanent  residents on U.S. soil from being apprehended here and indefinitely  detained.   In Federalist No. 84, Alexander Hamilton appropriately referred to  arbitrary unlawful imprisonment as one of the favorite and most  formidable instruments of tyrants. If our country is to make sure that  it avoids this mistake, our country needs to undo a decision that was  made in section 1021 of the National Defense Authorization Act passed  by this body for fiscal year 2012, which is still in effect today.   This amendment does one thing, and it is very simple. It simply says  that if you are a U.S. citizen or a lawful permanent resident, you may  not be indefinitely detained on U.S. soil without trial, without  charge, without access to a jury or to counsel. These are not radical  concepts. These are simply fundamental American concepts. These are  concepts required by the Constitution itself.   It is not too much to ask to suggest that we should have a vote on  this year's National Defense Authorization Act, given that it was a  National Defense Authorization Act passed 7 years ago that put this in  place to begin with. In the following Congress, a virtually identical  version passed by a supermajority vote of 67 votes. For reasons I have  never been able to understand, it was stripped out in the conference  committee later.   Today we have the opportunity to undo the wrong that was placed into  law then. We must prohibit indefinite detention of American citizens  apprehended on U.S. soil. That is what this amendment does.   We should be voting on it. We should not be blocked from getting a  vote. I, therefore, implore you, with all the energy I am capable of  conveying, to vote no on this motion to table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 30 seconds to  respond.    Mr. President, this bill does not apply to people  apprehended outside the United States. It does not apply to you at all  if you are not a U.S. citizen or a lawful resident on U.S. soil at the  time of your apprehension. This should not be controversial. This, in  fact, is made noncontroversial by the Constitution itself.   I urge you to vote no on this motion to table.   