 Mr. President, I am honored to follow my colleague  from Connecticut on a topic that has bedeviled and baffled us together  almost since the time we became Senators. It is a topic that is  heartrending and gut-wrenching for both of us.   I thank him for his leadership and partnership in this effort.   Mr. President, we are here on the 2-year anniversary of the tragic  Orlando  [[Page S3870]]  nightclub attack. On June 12, 2016, a man armed with an assault rifle  and a pistol, with hatred in his heart, stormed the Pulse nightclub and  murdered 49 people. This man turned a safe haven, a place of joy and  celebration, into an unimaginable nightmare.   On that day, and on so many other days--in fact, virtually every  day--all of us who lived through the Sandy Hook massacre firsthand  relived the terrible tragedy of that day in our State.   Tonight, coincidentally, Sandy Hook Promise, a group that was formed  in the wake of that tragedy and has done so much good work around the  country to make our Nation safer, is having its annual dinner. I will  be attending and speaking there with many who were involved in seeking  to make sense of that tragedy and accomplish specific, tangible,  commonsense measures since then.   The Orlando nightclub attack remains the deadliest incident of  violence against LGBT people in our Nation's history. We ought to take  particular time today to commemorate this national tragedy. We also  should think about the epidemic of gun violence, like Sandy Hook, and  hate crimes generally across the country--which may not involve gun  violence--that plague our Nation daily, the greatest Nation in the  history of the world. This scourge of hate crimes and gun violence-- often the two go together--is a continuing plague.   In an average year, more than 10,300 hate crimes that are committed  involve a firearm. That is more than 28 every single day.   Meanwhile, the FBI tells us that for the second year in a row, hate  crime offenses are on the rise in this country, an increase of 6.3  percent from 2015 to 2016, and that increase itself follows a 7-percent  increase from 2014 to 2015. These statistics are stunning. They are  particularly sad, given the underreporting of hate crimes. We know that  many hate crimes are never reported because of embarrassment and fear  of retaliation. The real incidence of bias-motivated crimes is likely  much higher than even these intolerable numbers tell.   We know that LGBT people are more likely to be targets of hate crimes  than any other minority group. I am heartbroken to report that LGBT  people are introduced to these instances of violence at a very young  age. There is no preparing children for it.   The youth experience of this kind of bias, bigotry, and hatred is  extraordinarily high, and it often is manifested in violence and  physical harassment in school. Students report being severely beaten  and robbed by their peers. One young man recounted being beaten, driven  5 miles out of town, stripped naked, and left to walk home alone.   When we hear these stories, we should not be surprised that more than  half of LGBT youth feel unsafe in their schools. We should not be  surprised, but we should be outraged. We should be angry that this kind  of bias, bigotry, and harassment continues to affect LGBT people. In  this great Nation, it is intolerable. Schools should be places where  young people learn, grow, and build friendships, free of fear of being  assaulted by their peers and becoming the next victim of this  unspeakable crime.   Apart from the bias, bigotry, and hate crimes that are the result of  this kind of unacceptable precedent, gun violence continues to plague  our schools, as well as churches, theaters, and other public places.  But the plague of gun violence is not only in the mass shootings, which  attract the most attention. It is the one-by-one or smaller groups that  account for the 96 deaths every day and 30,000 deaths every year.   These numbers have become so familiar as to be banal. The banality of  this evil is itself an insidious disease. It eats away at the moral  core of our country. It continues to make us a lesser nation.   Our failure to act makes this Chamber complicit in those deaths. This  body cannot avoid its moral culpability for those deaths. The Senate of  the United States and the entire Congress are, in effect, aiding and  abetting this epidemic of gun violence, which is probably the most  deadly public health crisis that plagues our Nation right now.   Imagine if a communicable disease, say Ebola, took 90 lives every  day. There would be marches in the streets and demonstrations. The  country would react, but it has become so inured to this public health  epidemic of gun violence that there is no reaction unless there is a  massive incident like the Parkland High School shooting.   Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School became a turning point for this  country on gun violence. When young people demonstrate, march, hold  vigils, and walk out of schools--in Ridgefield, I attended one of those  walkouts, a profoundly moving and important event. I believe these  events can provide a turning point that will move this country into a  new social change era, a new movement of social change comparable to  the civil rights movement and the anti-war movement and marriage  equality and women's healthcare, a movement that can truly transform  this Nation, raise its consciousness, but also elicit action.   We need not only more words and rhetoric and speeches but also action  on the commonsense measures that this body has failed to enact:  background checks applied to all gun purchases; tightening the  information that goes into the database used in those background  checks, even beyond the Fix NICS bill that was a minor change adopted  earlier this year; a ban on assault weapons and high-capacity clips; a  closing of the 72-hour loophole involved in the background check system  for purchases of a gun; and, of course, the hate crimes or red flag  statute that enables police and family to go to a court to seek a  warrant to make sure that someone who is dangerous to himself or others  will not be permitted to buy or possess these weapons.   These commonsense reforms have been before us for years, and since  Sandy Hook, nothing has changed. This body has been inert and  reprehensibly unresponsive. We know these measures work. We know from  Connecticut's experience that they reduce crime and homicides. We know  from our State's adoption of these reforms that we can lessen the  number of shootings, as well as deaths and injury. We know what doesn't  work: arming teachers in school, a proposal rejected by the law  enforcement community, by the education community, and by ordinary  citizens in communities around the country.   Connecticut has shown by our experience that these commonsense,  sensible measures do work, but they cannot protect Connecticut citizens  alone because our borders are porous.   Even a State like Connecticut, with the strongest gun laws in the  country, is at the mercy of States with the weakest because guns are  trafficked across State borders. So we need national standards and  national laws that will protect us in Connecticut and all around the  country who are at risk.   The new social change movement, powered and fueled by young people,  can break the vicelike grip that the gun lobby has held over this  Congress for so many years--indeed, for decades. I have worked on this  issue literally for 2\1/2\ decades or more. When I was attorney general  of the State of Connecticut, I championed and we passed a measure to  ban assault weapons, among other reforms. It was challenged in the  court. All of the same arguments were raised then legally that are  raised now. We defeated them. In fact, I tried the case and argued it  in the Supreme Court. Those arguments are as invalid today as they were  then--based on the Second Amendment or void for vagueness or equal  protection--and they will fail in the courts just as they did in our  courts then. I have never felt nearer than we are now to meaningful  reform because of those students, because of those young people,  because of the outpouring that is riveting America and moving us  forward, but it has to be translated and galvanized into votes in this  coming election and in elections to come so that the will of the people  is heard here and the vicelike grip of the gun lobby is broken.   Walking out of schools and walking into polling places is what is  required, and these young people are showing us the path to do it. Even  while we work in that arena, organizations like Sandy Hook Promise are  showing us how to educate in a totally bipartisan way and raise  awareness in our schools and bring people together so that we solve our  conflicts peacefully and with words, not conflict.  [[Page S3871]]    Scarlett Lewis, whose son Jesse was killed at Sandy Hook, has worked  hard on social and emotional learning--another way to bring us together  at the earliest of ages. Social and emotional learning has been her  mission since Jesse's death, and she has formed a foundation to choose  love, to enhance the ethos of teaching young people that they can solve  their disagreements and conflicts with words and caring that they can  be taught in school.   First, of course, teachers need to be taught and trained how to do  that teaching, and that is why I sought an amendment to the  reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act with her  inspiration to build that movement.   There will always be hateful people who want to lash out and destroy.  On this anniversary of the Orlando nightclub massacre, we cannot  concede defeat, and we cannot relent or relax our efforts. We need to  commit to action, not just reflection or rhetoric. Every child who goes  to school should do it without fear. Every person who goes to church  should have no doubt about the safety of that sacred place or any other  house of worship. Anyone who goes to a movie theater or to any other  public place should do it without the apprehension that a person with a  gun might be in wait.   For our LGBT community, we need a statute like the NO HATE Act that I  have proposed--I introduced it last year--which would address the  bigotry and bias that continues to plague them, not just in the hateful  words but in the violence and harassment they suffer. Enforcement of  the laws that exist now is absolutely essential. In fact, enhanced  enforcement--devoting more resources to the police, FBI, and  prosecutors who pursue these crimes--ought to be a challenge that we  meet without question.   On all of these fronts, we should be united. It should be bipartisan.  There should be no political division to make America safer, to make  sure that we fulfill the vision of our great country that we will live  peacefully together and enjoy equally the opportunities that are  entitled by all of us.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my law  clerk, Charlotte Schwartz, be granted floor privileges for the length  of my remarks during today's session.   