 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time  to me.   Mr. Speaker, just listening to the other side's comments about the  SENSE Act, I am wondering if they  [[Page H1454]]  have read the same bill or if they have ever visited the hills of  western Pennsylvania where we see the environmental damage that waste  coal piles have done and the tremendous progress that we have seen over  the last number of decades in actually cleaning up the environment.   Mr. Speaker, I am happy to rise in support of H. Res. 762, the rule  that is under consideration, and I want to talk about the SENSE Act,  which is included within this rule, H.R. 1119.   This is a pro-environment bill. The purpose of the bill is to ensure  that coal refuse-to-energy facilities can be held to strict but  achievable standards.   To be clear, these plants comply with nearly all standards as it is,  including mercury emissions. We are talking about a modification, a  customization, as it were, in recognition of the tremendous benefit  that these plants have made to the environment.   I have introduced versions of this bill during prior Congresses, and  I am hopeful that this bill can become law. It enjoys bipartisan  support.   As many of you know, coal refuse is a by-product of historic coal  mining operations. Throughout many parts of coal country, towering  black mounds of this material loom beside cities and towns, especially  in Pennsylvania and in West Virginia.   I would invite my colleague from Florida to come up to western  Pennsylvania and take a look at the scarred landscape and polluted  rivers we have there as a result of these coal refuse piles.   Many of these piles can smoulder, can spontaneously combust, giving  off emissions with no controls, zero controls. They catch fire, burning  uncontrollably, sending hazardous smoke into the air and into  surrounding communities. Local governments are then forced to spend  increasingly scarce taxpayer resources fighting these fires.   Rainwater leaches terrible chemicals from these mounds, polluting  nearby rivers and streams.   Fortunately, the coal refuse-to-energy industry turns this material  into energy, while cleaning up and remediating many polluted sites, at  no cost to the taxpayer.   These power plants are really the only practical solution to this  massive environmental problem that we have in Pennsylvania and West  Virginia that could cost, in Pennsylvania alone, an estimated $2  billion to remediate. This is being done without taxpayer funding right  now, the cleanup, because of these plants.   For several years, I have spoken about the tremendous work being done  by hardworking folks in this industry, which I have seen firsthand. I  have stood on coal refuse piles in the process of remediation, and I  have also walked on restored sites, many of which are parks and  meadows, now regarded as community assets rather than liabilities. I  have seen the streams that were once dead that now have fish.   Despite all the good that this industry does for Pennsylvania and  West Virginia, five coal refuse-to-energy facilities are under threat  from Federal regulations, seemingly incapable of needed flexibility to  accommodate private sector work that is actually improving the  environment.   If rigid EPA orthodoxy makes no exceptions for this pro-environment  industry, it is not just the environment that will continue to suffer.  These plants support family-sustaining jobs, and thousands of jobs are  at stake if these plants are regulated out of business, both direct and  indirect.   I should note that many of these jobs are in localities that have  already been hit exceptionally hard by both the last recession and the  ongoing opioid crisis.   The people expect us to stand for them, especially when their  livelihoods come under threat from heavy-handed, one-size-fits-all  Washington policies. So as we debate the SENSE Act, please keep in mind  what the bill's supporters are fighting for.   Here is what is going to happen if this law doesn't pass: rivers and  streams aren't going to come back to life; hillsides aren't going to be  restored; and these piles, they can spontaneously combust, again, with  no emissions control whatsoever.   The SENSE Act is about protecting family-sustaining jobs and ensuring  the continuation of the environmental success story of the coal refuse- to-energy industry. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support the rule and  the SENSE Act.   Again, are we capable of making judgments in this House? Are we  capable of customizing one-size-fits all.   The EPA, frankly, has recognized the work of this industry. ``Coal  refuse piles,'' the EPA has said, ``are an environmental concern  because of acid seepage and leachate production, spontaneous  combustion, and low soil fertility. Units that burn coal refuse provide  multimedia environmental benefits by combining the production of energy  with the removal of coal refuse piles and by reclaiming land for  productive use. Consequently, because of the unique environmental  benefits that coal refuse-fired EGUs provide,'' the EPA said, ``these  units warrant special consideration. . . .''    Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will see the benefits  that can come from this. This isn't a special interest carveout, unless  you consider cleaning up the environment in western Pennsylvania to be  a special interest.   Again, are we capable of making judgments about what this town puts  out, one size fits all, seemingly with blinders on, not having the  ability to recognize that in certain circumstances customization is  appropriate?   That is what this underlying bill, the SENSE Act, does. It does make  sense: satisfying energy needs and saving the environment. I hope my  colleagues would see the sense in that and work with us to allow the  environmental cleanup to continue and to protect hundreds of family- sustaining jobs across western Pennsylvania and West Virginia.   