 Mr. Chairman, I thank my dear friend from Indiana and  his staff and thank the majority manager and her staff for their  leadership on this bill.   Mr. Chair, I rise in support of section 8129, particularly, of this  bill. This section, Mr. Chairman, would finally allow the Secretary of  Defense, in the event of a government shutdown, to make military death  gratuity payments to families of fallen servicemembers.   I commend the committee for including this long overdue provision,  which was my number one priority request to the committee and the  subject of bipartisan legislation I have introduced in every Congress.  I was pleased to colead that with my friend Tom Rooney of Florida.   It was shameful that Congress previously would allow the government  to shut down and allow grieving families of fallen servicemembers to go  without this small, impartial measure of our appreciation and gratitude  for their loved one's ultimate service. Sadly, that is what happened in  the shutdown of October 2013 and the subsequent shutdown of January  2018. We must ensure this never happens again. The action taken by the  committee pursuant to the bill we introduced does just that.   I want to again thank the committee for righting a wrong. No grieving  family should worry when Congress doesn't do its job and allows the  funding of the government to lapse that their payments remembering  their loved ones and the sacrifice they made are at risk--never again.   Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for their leadership. I thank the  committee for righting this wrong. I am proud to have co-authored the  bill that allowed us to get to this point.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of Section 8129 of  this bill.   This section would allow the Secretary of Defense, in the event of a  government shutdown, to make military death gratuity payments to  families of fallen service members.   I commend the Committee for including this long overdue provision,  which was my number one priority request to the Committee and the  subject of bipartisan legislation I have introduced with my colleague  Representative Tom Rooney of Florida.   It is shameful that Congress would allow the government to shut down  and allow grieving military families to go without this small and  partial measure of our gratitude for their loved one's service.   Sadly, that is what happened in October 2013 and January 2018.   We must ensure that it never happens again.   Thank you again to the Chairman and Ranking Member for being  responsive to the more than 200 members who have cosponsored the  Families of Fallen Servicemembers First Act (H.R. 1928) and the two  dozen veterans organizations who have endorsed the bill.   But most importantly, thank you for caring for our military families.   