 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for  bringing this important legislation to the floor.   I rise in strong support of H.R. 88, a comprehensive package that in  many ways will help millions of American families save more of their  own money for their future.   Among H.R. 88's many important features is a section that includes  key elements of three retirement savings bills that I have been proud  to introduce and champion over the last 2 years.   One of those bills, the Family Savings Act, stood as one of the three  main pillars of Tax Reform 2.0, which passed this House with bipartisan  support in September. With H.R. 88, much of that bill, along with my  bipartisan Retirement Enhancement and Savings Act and bipartisan  Rightsizing Pension Premiums Act, is one giant step closer to becoming  law.   In short, this package is a wonderful gift at Christmas for all  Americans, and it cannot come soon enough.   Americans should be able to rely on three main sources of retirement  income to ensure full financial security during their retirement years:  first, Social Security; second, personal savings; and third, employer- sponsored savings plans.   Now, when it comes to that third source, an alarming number of  Americans do not have access to an employer-sponsored 401(k) plan.  Among those who do, a recent study found that 42 percent of them have  less than $10,000 in their plan.   Combined with the fact that more than 60 percent of Americans don't  have enough cash to cover a $1,000 emergency expense, the passage of  today's package is especially critical.   Specifically, H.R. 88 will make it easier for small employers to pool  together and offer retirement plans to their employees. This would help  bridge the divide between the benefits that large employers might offer  to their employees and those that smaller employers only wish that they  could offer.   Overall, this will help ensure that the next generation of Americans  doesn't outlive its savings.   I have to tell you, one of the things that I remember so clearly as a  child growing up is my mother and dad saying to me: The one thing we  never want to be to you kids is a burden.   I thought to myself, my gosh, my mom and dad are worried about being  a burden to my brothers and sisters, after all they have done for us?   What we are trying to do is make up for that. The Greatest  Generation, they are telling us they don't want to be a burden to the  next generation. How American is that? That has nothing to do with  Republicans and Democrats. That has to do with who we are as Americans.   This H.R. 88 accomplishes a lot of those goals, but I have to tell  you, a secure retirement for every American should not be a partisan  issue, and we know it is not. So, today, let's come together as a  unified body and send this bill to the Senate, for the sake of every  American's peace of mind during this season of peace.   Before I conclude, I also want to highlight the railroad track  maintenance tax credit for the short-line railroads and the extension  of the biodiesel tax credit. Each of these actions will directly  support economic growth and job creation in rural communities       across America.   As I look across to the other side, I think we are all the same. I  can remember, as a child growing up, sitting down and making up a list  and sending it off to the North Pole, telling Santa Claus everything I  wanted. But I can remember coming down on Christmas morning, and I  never got everything I wanted, but I was really thankful for everything  I got.  [[Page H10473]]     Mr. Speaker, this is bipartisan. This is  who we are. If we cannot secure the future for those who have done so  much for us, what are we doing here?   This is a wonderful opportunity for us to act at a time of year when  it is much more important to give than it is to receive.   