 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Roe for his tireless  leadership as a veteran himself, as a physician, and for his  exceptional leadership on veterans issues as chairman of the committee.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4533, to designate the  healthcare system of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lexington,  Kentucky, my hometown, as the Lexington VA Health Care System and to  individually designate medical facilitates located at 1101 Veterans  Drive in Lexington, Kentucky, as the Troy Bowling Campus, a campus  where my own grandfather, a World War II veteran, spent his final days;  and to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs Healthcare Center  located at 2250 Leestown Road in Lexington, Kentucky, as the Franklin  R. Sousley Campus.   Born in Hilltop, Kentucky, Marine Private First Class Franklin R.  Sousley landed on Iwo Jima on Friday, February 19, 1945, and he  actively fought in the battle for the islands. During these intense  fighting moments, members of the United States Armed Forces secured  Mount Suribachi and hoisted a United States flag on top of the summit.   On February 23, 1945, Private First Class Sousley, alongside five  other brave U.S. servicemembers, raised a larger U.S. flag so it could  be seen over the island. The iconic photograph taken of these six  marines while they raised the U.S. flag attached to a heavy Japanese  pipe soon became the immortalized symbol of American bravery,  perseverance, and sacrifice endured by members of the United States  Armed Forces during the intense battles of World War II.   Tragically, Private First Class Sousley was killed in combat by a  Japanese sniper around Cayetano Point on March 21, 1945, and was  finally laid to rest at the Elizaville Cemetery in Fleming County,  Kentucky. I have been to that grave site many times. The VFW in Fleming  County always, on an annual basis, goes out there to pay their respects  to the Sousley family right at that grave site.   Private Troy Bowling bravely fought at Iwo Jima. While attempting to  secure Mount Suribachi, his unit came under intense and concentrated  fire, as was previously said, completely overwhelming his unit. Two  projectiles struck Private Bowling in the chest and leg, leaving him  critically wounded on the battlefield. At that moment, Bowling said:  ``As I lay bleeding on the black sands of Iwo Jima, I looked to the  heavens, promising that, if I survived, I would serve mankind for the  rest of my life.''   Troy's unit received the Presidential Unit Citation, and he received  the Purple Heart. In keeping faith with his commitment to God made  during that battle, Private Bowling, whom I had the honor of meeting on  several occasions, devoted the next 66 years of his life by giving over  78,000 hours of volunteer service to others at the Lexington VA Medical  Center, and he rose through the ranks within the Disabled American  Veterans organization, holding nearly every position, including state  commander.   He also received a Lifetime Service Achievement Award from the  Department of Veterans Affairs and was nominated and selected to be  inducted into the Kentucky Veterans Hall of Fame for his lifetime of  service to veterans.   These two deserving veterans, Franklin Sousley and Troy Bowling,  embody the best of American ideals, values, and commitment to serving  others, never abandoning the marine motto of ``semper fidelis,'' always  faithful. Therefore, it is fitting that we rename the Lexington VA  Medical Center campuses during the 73rd anniversary of the landing of  the U.S. forces on the beaches of Iwo Jima and honor these two  servicemembers for their service and sacrifice to our country and to  our veterans.   I would like to thank the members of the Sixth Congressional District  Veterans Coalition for bringing the idea for this legislation to my  attention. I would also like to thank my colleagues in the Kentucky  congressional delegation--Leader Mitch McConnell, Senator Rand Paul,  Congressman Hal Rogers, Congressman John Yarmuth, Congressman Brett  Guthrie, Congressman Thomas Massie, and Congressman James Comer--for  their support as well.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge my colleagues in the House to support  the passage of this meaningful legislation honoring veterans in  Kentucky.   