 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to require a Federal study  on the financial impact of the disaster known as crumbling foundations  that is plaguing parts of the Northeast, including my home State of  Connecticut, Massachusetts, and with further study, we believe, it  impacts much of the northeastern region of our country.   This amendment simply asks for the Treasury to lead a joint study  with our Federal regulators to assess the financial impact of this  disaster and provide recommendations to help mitigate Federal and local  losses, and help these suffering homeowners who, through no fault of  their own, have experienced a catastrophic disaster.   There is no one who has worked harder on this in our State of  Connecticut than Joe Courtney. Joe has been a leader in this,  organizing people in both the State and local arenas, as well as our  two United States Senators Blumenthal and Murphy.   Joe has led the way, and I have had the fortune, along with State  Senator Tim Larson, to travel to South Windsor, East Windsor, and  Manchester, Connecticut, and witness the devastation and the heartache  that these homeowners go through.   I know, looking out and seeing Mr. Young, he will remember what  happened in the South with the famous, or infamous, China drywall. It  is similar to that experience, where homeowners and individuals,  through no fault of their own, experienced catastrophic loss.   We have been working tirelessly on this effort and feel that this  study, in fact, will reveal the impact that it will have on homeowners,  many of whose loans and homes have been backed by GSEs Fannie Mae and  Freddie Mac, and even as we project out into the future, having Federal  bases there where this concrete may have been used that has impacted  the people there in a dramatic fashion.   As I indicated, nobody knows more about this issue and has studied it  more thoroughly than Congressman Joe Courtney from the Second  Congressional District.   Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Connecticut (Mr. Courtney) to explain further the issue of  crumbling foundations.    Mr. Chair, I would also like to thank  Secretary Mnuchin again for his outstanding work, his understanding and  empathy, and the prompt manner in which they have taken up what, as you  can imagine for these homeowners, is just catastrophic in nature. We  want to commend him and also the Tax Advocate as well for their  testimony before the Ways and Means Committee on this very important  issue.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time   