 Mr. President, I am pleased the Senate is considering  Brian Benczkowski to serve as the Assistant Attorney General for the  Criminal Division. This is a critical position at the Department of  Justice and its extended vacancy has hindered the agency's  effectiveness. Mr. Benczkowski has the experience and qualifications to  lead the Criminal Division. I am proud to support his nomination on the  floor today.   Mr. Benczkowski was nominated 400 days ago. The Judiciary Committee  held his confirmation hearing nearly a year ago. A fully staffed and  well-functioning Criminal Division is vitally important to the  Department of Justice's mission.   Over a dozen former U.S. Attorneys, from both the Bush and Obama  administrations, support his nomination. They wrote that the head of  the criminal division is ``the nerve center of federal prosecution, and  the absence of a confirmed occupant can diminish the effectiveness of  our law enforcement program throughout the country.''   The former prosecutors went on to state: ``Those of us who know Brian  recognize that he is the right person to provide that leadership and to  be a strong and effective partner with the United States Attorneys'  Offices.''   Mr. Benczkowski already has an impressive legal career. He previously  served as the Republican staff director on the Senate Judiciary  Committee from 2009-2010.   He also served as a counsel on the House Judiciary Committee. Before  that time, he worked on the Senate Budget Committee and served as a  counsel to Senator Domenici for 4 years.   Mr. Benczkowski excelled as a leader during his time on the Judiciary  Committee. During his time as staff director, he was instrumental in  passing the Fair Sentencing Act. This law reduced the disparity in  federal criminal sentencing between crack and powder cocaine. His  leadership was instrumental  [[Page S4895]]  in several pieces of bipartisan legislation, including the Crime  Victims Fund Preservation Act of 2009, the Secure and Responsible Drug  Disposal Act of 2009, the Judicial Survivors Protection Act of 2009,  and the Combat Meth Enhancement Act of 2009.   Mr. Benczkowski also served in several different roles at the  Department of Justice. In 2008, he became the chief of staff to the  Attorney General and the Deputy Attorney General. He also served as the  chief of staff to the ATF. In total, he held five senior leadership  positions in different divisions in the Department of Justice, working  with components and law enforcement agencies across the Department.   During Mr. Benczkowski's decade in the private sector, he gained  extensive litigation management experience that will serve him well as  he oversees the Criminal Division.   Some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have said they  will not support his nomination because he allegedly lacks experience.  They say this because Mr. Benczkowski was never a prosecutor.   But the head of the Criminal Division is not a prosecutor. The  position oversees criminal matters and formulates and implements  criminal enforcement policy. It requires a deep knowledge of Federal  criminal law, experience in government investigations, and strong  management skills. Mr. Benczkowski, with his years of experience in  relevant fields, is clearly qualified for this position.   But don't just take my word for it. Five former heads of the Criminal  Division appointed under the Bush and Obama administrations said this  about Mr. Benczkowski's nomination: ``Mr. Benczkowski has the necessary  leadership, management and substantive experience to lead the  Division.'' They noted that, ``by virtue of our service in the position  to which Mr. Benczkowski has been nominated, we are familiar with the  qualifications and experience necessary for success in the job.''   They went on to say ``throughout his career, on the criminal defense  side in private practice and in the Department, he has worked on  complex criminal investigations on a range of issues; significant  criminal legislation matters; important criminal policy matters; and  domestic and international law enforcement matters.''   These former heads of the Criminal Division know better than anyone  the background and qualifications required to do the job, and they  think that Mr. Benczkowski is a good fit for this role.   Some of my colleagues have raised a different concern, related to Mr.  Benczkowski's legal representation of Alfa Bank while he was working at  the law firm of Kirkland and Ellis. The Senate learned of this matter  when reviewing his FBI background investigation.   Normally the committee doesn't publicly discuss any matters contained  in the background investigation but because this matter raised some  concerns for some senators, Mr. Benczkowski voluntarily waived his  privacy rights, so we could freely and publicly question him on this  matter.   At his hearing, the committee members extensively questioned him  about his representation of Alfa Bank. He answered all our questions.  He was not evasive. His testimony was public. It was very credible and  uncontroverted.   Mr. Benczkowski also then responded in writing to several rounds of  written questions submitted to him.   After this hearing, I helped Senator Durbin arrange an intelligence  briefing with the Office of the Director of National Intelligence  related to Alfa Bank.   I also helped arrange for the Deputy Attorney General to call Senator  Durbin to explain the Department's long-standing tradition that it does  not confirm nor deny investigations, particularly when it comes to a  nominee's client.   When clients are under investigation, they need lawyers to represent  them. Are we now going to have a political litmus test for nominees  based upon the clients they stepped forward to represent in private  practice?   There is no credible allegation that Mr. Benczkowski did anything  wrong or unethical related to his limited representation of Alfa Bank  or otherwise. He has promised to recuse himself from handling any  matters involving Alfa Bank, and he has promised to consult with ethics  officials regarding any other times he may need to recuse.   I believe Mr. Benczkowski will be an outstanding head of the Criminal  Division. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting his nomination.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to discuss the  continuing need for addressing hard-hitting oversight of the Department  of Defense. That need for oversight is as great today as it ever was.  Waste is alive and very well at the Pentagon.   I have a poster, a blowup of a cartoon published in the Washington  Post in 1985, during my early years in the U.S. Senate. It shows Ernie  Fitzgerald, a famous whistleblower, confronting what are quite  obviously his chief adversaries, the big spenders at the Pentagon.   As a senior Air Force official, Ernie Fitzgerald committed a crime.  He says he ``committed truth.'' Ernie Fitzgerald is famous for, in  1968, exposing a $2.3 billion cost overrun on the C-5 aircraft program.  In those days, having a senior Pentagon official like Ernie Fitzgerald  speak the truth about a cost overrun on a high visibility program was  unheard of. In fact, it was dangerous. It was so dangerous that it cost  Ernie Fitzgerald his job. That is why I like to call Ernie Fitzgerald  the father of whistleblowers.   The cartoon also depicts the infamous $640 toilet seat that made  history back in those days as one example of the terrible waste at the  Defense Department. That happened in 1985, when I, as a first-term  Senator, began watchdogging the Pentagon. After a report uncovered a  $640 toilet seat and a $400 hammer, I began asking very tough  questions, such as: How could the bureaucrats possibly justify paying  such exorbitant prices? I am still waiting for a straight answer.   A lot has changed since the 1980s. The internet, which was in its  infancy in the 1980s, is now a part of everyday life. Mobile phones  back then were once the size of bricks. Now those mobile phones can fit  in the palm of your hand and do a lot more work than just making  telephone calls. But one thing hasn't changed in all those decades-- wasteful Department of Defense procurement practices.   Since I began my work on this issue, there have been 6 Presidents and  12 Secretaries of Defense, yet the problem of wasteful spending at the  Defense Department keeps going on. Since those earliest revelations,  there has been a steady flow of new reports on spare part rip-offs. No  political party is immune from these horror stories.   During the administration of George H.W. Bush, oversight efforts  uncovered soap dishes that cost $117 and pliers that cost nearly  $1,000. In some cases the Department of Defense admitted that some high  prices didn't pass the smell test.   True, better deals were negotiated. People tried to make some  changes, but to offset losses on lower prices, the contractors jacked  up overhead and management charges, making the overall contract price  the same.   Exercising oversight on these contracts is like working with a  balloon. You know the famous balloon--when you squeeze it in one place,  the problem pops out someplace else.   Under President Bill Clinton, a report by the Government  Accountability Office--we know it here as the GAO--revealed that one  defense contractor paid its top executives more than $33 million a  year, an amount that was reimbursed by the Federal Government as part  of a contract.   I happen to agree that a company has a right to pay its executives  whatever it wants; however, when the government enters into cost- reimbursement contracts, those contracts in which the government  directly repays the company for costs incurred instead of paying a  fixed price, the contractor loses incentive to control costs, and top  executives draw sky-high salaries at the taxpayers' expense.   I introduced an amendment in the 1997 Defense authorization bill to  curb executive compensation billed directly to the taxpayers, but as  you might expect, with the respect the Defense Department has in this  body, that amendment was voted down.   During the Bush administration in the early 2000s, I worked with the  GAO to expose abuse of government charge cards by Defense Department  employees. We found some truly egregious expenditures--for examples,  over $20,000 at a jewelry store, over $34,000 on gambling, and over  $70,000 on tickets to sporting events and Broadway shows. In some  cases, employees who spent thousands of taxpayer dollars on personal  expenses--way beyond anything that was an ordinary business expense-- were not only not asked to repay the money to the taxpayers but oddly  were promoted and even issued new charge cards. Instead of being held  accountable, it is quite obvious they were rewarded for their illegal  activity.   During the Presidency of President Obama, I pressed the Pentagon to  answer for a $43 million gas station built in Afghanistan. This project  was revealed as part of an audit conducted by the Special Inspector  General for Afghan Reconstruction. When I pressed for answers, the  Defense Department responded by saying that the direct cost was  actually only $5 million, but the number didn't include the massive  overhead costs charged to the project, which pushed the overall price  tag up to that $43 million. Anybody anywhere else--outside the  beltway--knows that doesn't meet the smell test, and that is not even a  commonsense answer to my overall question. How did we waste $43 million  there?   Even more alarming is what happened to the rest of the $800 million  provided for other business development projects in our efforts to help  Afghanistan recover. Auditors could only find documentation to support  about half of the money spent, leaving about $400 million unaccounted  for. This kind of sloppy bookkeeping means we may never know how the  rest of the money was spent. Was it used for unauthorized purposes or  pocketed by crooked people? We will probably never know.   Now, under the Presidency of Donald Trump, over 30 years since all  this started with me, the overpriced airborne toilet seat has really  gained altitude. Instead of the $640 that this cost, the new pricetag  was reported by the Air Force to be $10,000, and that happens to be  only for the lid of the toilet stool. Any American can tell you that  $10,000 for a toilet seat cover is ridiculous. Americans work too hard  to see their precious tax dollars flushed down the toilet.   I asked the Department of Defense for confirmation that the seats  cost $10,000. They still haven't answered my letter, but after my  inquiry, the Department of Defense has changed their story. They  clarified to the media that they are now 3D printing the toilet seat  lids for much less, but they never answered my questions. We don't know  how many seat covers were purchased at the $10,000 pricetag; we don't  know when they moved to 3D printing instead of purchasing; and we still  don't have documentation or official confirmation on the true price of  toilet seat lids.   Even if the issue of the toilet seat has been sorted out, it is clear  the Department of Defense still does not have a grip on spending. OIG  reports have revealed that the Pentagon frequently overpays for simple  parts and does not perform adequate cost analysis.   One of the primary culprits for continuing waste and misuse of tax  dollars is the Department of Defense's noncompliance with the  congressional  [[Page S4908]]  mandate to pass an audit. The Department of Defense has a very bad  record. It is impossible to know how much things cost or what is being  bought when nobody is keeping good track of the money being shoveled  out the door.   For nearly 30 years, we have been pushing the Pentagon to earn a  clean opinion on any of their audits. Way back in 1990, Congress passed  the Chief Financial Officers Act, which required all departments of the  government to present a financial statement to an inspector general for  audit by March 1992. All departments have complied and earned clean  opinions except one and that is the Department of Defense. Instead of  clean opinions, the Department of Defense has earned a long string of  failing opinions called disclaimers. It boils down to the fact that the  books at the Department of Defense are unauditable.   In 2010, 20 years after that 1990 congressional action, Congress  finally got fed up and passed a new law requiring the Pentagon to be  ready for audit by September 2017. The Department was given 7 long  years to get its act together and to meet the same requirements as  every other Federal agency entrusted with public money. Obviously, that  deadline has come and gone like other deadlines have come and gone.  According to the Comptroller and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. David  Norquist, a clean audit is still at least 10 years away. That is 10  years of not being able to follow the money. If you can't follow the  money, you don't know whether it is spent legally.   There is a longstanding, underlying problem preventing the Pentagon  from reaching the goal of a clean audit. This is the so-called feeder  system. I will not describe a feeder system, but feeder systems are  supposed to capture transaction data, but those feeder systems are  broken. Auditors cannot connect the dots between contracts and  payments. You can't follow the money because there is no reliable  transaction data and little or no supporting documentation. You tend to  spend money without knowing what you even bought. The Pentagon will  never earn a clean opinion until those accounting systems are able to  produce reliable financial data that meet accepted standards.   Over the last 25 years, the Department of Defense has spent billions  trying to fix these outdated accounting systems but with no success.  How is it that the very mighty Pentagon can develop the most advanced  weapons in the world but can't seem to acquire something as simple as  an accounting system? We need to get to the bottom of this problem and  fix it.   I am working with my colleagues on the Budget Committee to get the  Government Accountability Office to conduct an independent review of  the Pentagon's effort to acquire modern accounting systems. What is the  problem? That is what we are trying to find out. Should the Defense  Department keep trying to fix the antiquated feeder systems or is it  time to develop new, fully integrated systems that can deliver reliable  financial information? We need and we want some answers.   The Department of Defense is currently attempting to conduct a full  financial audit. Secretary Mattis has directed all employees to support  the audit, and the results are expected in November. Although the new  Chief Financial Officer appears to be making a good-faith effort to get  a handle on the problem, he also happens to be spending hundreds of  millions of dollars a year for audits with a zero probability of  success. It could be very wasteful spending that kind of money if they  don't have a feeder system in place.   The first priority of our Federal Government remains and ought to be  national security. We must ensure that our military forces remain  strong enough to deter any potential aggressor and, as a result,  preserve the peace.   The men and women on the frontlines deserve fair compensation and the  best weapons and equipment money can buy. We want to field the most  capable military force in the world. Because national defense is so  very important, congressional watchdogging of defense spending is very  essential. We don't want one single dollar to be wasted--not even a  penny.   Until the Defense Department is able to earn a clean opinion on a  very regular basis, we have no assurance that Defense dollars are being  spent wisely and, most importantly, according to law. Report after  report shows that precious Defense dollars are being wasted, misused,  and unaccounted for. Reforms have been made, but very clearly the war  on waste has not been won. Much more work needs to be done.   From my oversight post in the Senate, I will continue to apply  pressure on the Pentagon to step up the war on waste. I don't expect  much help from the inspector general. Mr. Fine seems to be AWOL on  waste. I raised the issue of the $10,000 toilet seat cover with him  over a month ago and still haven't received an answer. His office found  the time to update the media about the toilet seat cover. Yet my letter  has gone unanswered.   However, after revelations about the $43 million gas station,  Secretary Mattis's reaction was sweet music to my ears. He issued an  all-hands memo. In that memo, he stated flatout: I will not tolerate  that kind of waste. Known for being a man of your word, Secretary  Mattis, I am counting on you for your help. Maybe together we can wipe  out the culture of indifference toward the American people's money by  the Pentagon.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   