 Mr. President, I appreciate the minority leader's teeing  up my comments today and introducing what I am going to be speaking  about, which is a topic he addressed briefly, and that is the 6-month  period of time since we passed tax reform. It was this week, 6 months  ago, that we had a historic vote--the biggest tax reform in over 30  years. We are beginning to get some data that is really worth  discussing and analyzing, and I would strongly disagree with the  characterization by the minority leader.   I was home in Pennsylvania recently, traveling around the State, as  we all do when we are not in this town. On one recent occasion, I was  talking to small business owners in Lock Haven, PA, and Bloomsburg, PA.  At one of the companies, the small business owner was there, and he was  really enthusiastic about how this tax reform is helping his small  business. It is actually a very typical story that I am hearing across  Pennsylvania. I mention him because, as it happens, his company is in  the carpet business, and they happen to make the very carpet that I am  standing on right now. They provide the carpeting for the floor of the  U.S. Senate.    He talked about the fact that, because our tax reform really totally  redid the rules--especially on the business side, but on the individual  side as well--it allows him to access new capital and purchase new  equipment. The equipment that he needs to expand his business is more  affordable under our tax rules now. So that is exactly what he is  doing. He is expanding his business, and he is very enthusiastic about  it.   This, of course, is not an anomaly and it is not specific to  Pennsylvania. It is across the country. Already we have had companies-- over 600 businesses employing over 4 million American workers--announce  that they will immediately start paying bonuses, increasing wages,  making larger pension contributions, but directly sharing their tax  savings with their workers. This started within days of passage of the  bill, and it has continued.   By the way, I am only counting the companies that specifically cited  tax reform as the reason they are able to do this and only companies  that are so big that they are picked up by the press when they make  these announcements. There are thousands and thousands of companies  that have done the same thing, but we will never hear about it because  the Washington Post and the New York Times doesn't report when Sal's  Pizza Shop makes a change in its compensation policy but, the fact is  that it is happening.   By the way, there is also another not very widely reported benefit  that Pennsylvania families are enjoying, and that is, again, directly  as a result of our tax reform and the lower tax burden that we now have  on our utilities. Electric and gas company rates have declined. There  has been a very significant rate reduction. In fact, it is $320 million  at an annual pace in Pennsylvania. That means that every family who has  to buy electricity as a way to heat their homes is experiencing this  savings as well.   Those are kind of anecdotal facts. But what is the big picture result  so far? The facts and the data are overwhelming. The economy is on  fire. That is what is going on right now. This economy is growing at a  tremendous pace, and it is really on fire by any meaningful measure.  One of the most important measures is with jobs. That is the whole  point of a booming economy--isn't it?--to really create opportunities  for individuals and families to earn a living and support themselves  and improve their standard of living.   The most recent jobs report that came out in May posted a 3.8-percent  unemployment rate. Unemployment is just 3.8 percent. That is the lowest  level we have had since April of 2000. It remains a mystery to me how  our Democratic colleagues and the Senate minority leader can somehow  think it is a bad thing when the unemployment rate is the lowest it has  been in more than 18 years.   It is not just the overall unemployment rate. The African-American  unemployment rate in May was 5.9 percent. That is the lowest rate ever  recorded since we started breaking out different ethnic groups in the  unemployment numbers. The Hispanic unemployment rate is very close to  an all-time low at 4.9 percent. Another amazing statistic that came out  in this May's jobs report is that we now have more job openings in  America--6.7 million--than all of the unemployed people. I am not sure  that this has ever happened before, and certainly not in decades, but  there are more job openings, more ``help wanted'' signs, and there are  more job possibilities than there are people seeking jobs. That is just  a fact of our economy right now.   What does that mean? That means there are a lot of opportunities for  people. If you are unemployed right now, there is a chance to go to  work today, because that is the amount of demand for workers that is  exactly what we said would happen if we would encourage the kind of  economic growth that we are seeing.   I must say, I don't know where our colleague from New York, the  minority leader, gets his data from. That is completely contrary to  what he said. All of the data consistently show that there are  increases in hourly earnings and wages. Wages are going up.   We have waited way too long for this to happen, but it is happening  now. There was a 2.7-percent increase in hourly earnings in May. This  is a wage increase of 2.8 percent for people who are in nonsupervisory  work. So wage earners who are working on an hourly basis in a  nonsupervisory capacity are seeing an even somewhat faster acceleration  in their wage growth. That means workers are going to have a better  standard of living. That is what it means.   When we passed our tax reform, we had two big goals. One was to lower  the tax burden on individual Americans. How well did we do on that?  Well, 93 percent of all the individuals and families filing owe less in  taxes this year than they would have if we hadn't reformed the Tax  Code--93 percent. For most of the 7 percent who don't have a savings,  it is because they are higher income people who live in jurisdictions  where they pay high State and local taxes, and we diminished the  ability to deduct that. So there are wealthy individuals--a handful-- who are paying a little bit more.    It is also a fact that the wealthier people pay a larger percentage  of the tax bill now as a result of our tax reform, because we made sure  that the folks at the low and medium end of the wage spectrum would get  the biggest percentage benefits, and they have. We also wanted to make  sure that we are making business competitive and encouraging investment  in the United States instead of somewhere else in the world.   One of the standard measures in how that is working is how our  economy is growing overall, what our GDP number looks like. Well, it  has been amazing. Year after year, we were happy if we could get to 2  percent growth, and our friends on the other side were suggesting:  Well, we may just have to accept the fact that America can't grow very  fast any more. The boom years are behind us, and now we just have to  accept that we have this secular stagnation.   There was this whole theory about how it was inevitable that America  would have slower and meager growth and few opportunities in the  future. Some of us said: That is nonsense. The reason we have slow  growth is because we don't have the policies that will allow the  natural entrepreneurial energy and spirit of Americans who invest in us  and encourage excellent growth. That was the debate. We said tax reform  will encourage that growth.   What has been happening? We are on track to have over 3 percent  growth this year. It will be more than 50 percent above the kind of  growth we have been getting. The Atlanta Fed GDP Tracker is projecting  that for this quarter, growth could be as high as 4.7 percent, which  would be absolutely stunning. The CBO is projecting that for the full  year, growth will be 3.3 percent. This is an economy that we were told  could never really manage to eke out better than 2 percent. We are  proving that wrong. The American people are proving that wrong.   Another aspect of our reform was that we said it didn't make sense to  create the dynamic where a company's overseas subsidiary, after they  earn a profit and pay taxes on that profit in the local jurisdiction in  which they are operating, if they return that money home, pay another  tax on it. We said  [[Page S4317]]  we have to get away from that system because nobody else in the world  punishes multinationals that way, and it discourages investment in the  United States. Companies will try to avoid that second layer of taxes  by leaving the money overseas. Well, the money sitting and piling up  overseas doesn't help to create American jobs. So we made new reforms  that we thought we should and, lo and behold, what is happening? The  foreign earnings that had been retained abroad are coming home.   It is already happening. There is now more money being shifted from  overseas subsidiaries of American-based multinational companies, coming  back into this country, than the money they are earning. It is because  not only are they shifting back home their profits, but they are taking  their past profits and they are sending that back home as well.   Dividends received from abroad, money taken from overseas and  invested back in America is $340 billion in the first quarter of this  year alone. That is an all-time record--a huge amount of money being  invested back into the United States.   Why is this happening? Why are we getting all of this economic growth  and this return of money? I would state that I can think of two big  categories that are contributing. One is just the overall optimism  about the business environment, the economy's strength. Why are  businesses making the decision now, today, in 2018 to invest more than  they did before, to hire more, to increase wages, and to bring back  this money? Well, it is because we lowered the cost of investing,  hiring, and bringing back this money. We have created an environment  that is just more conducive. There is optimism about our economy and  the belief that this is a good time to invest in America and to grow a  business. The numbers are off the charts.   In fact, the National Federation of Independent Business, a small  business organization across the country representing probably hundreds  of thousands, maybe millions, of businesses, including really small  mom-and-pop operations, but also more substantial businesses, measured  the confidence in our economy and our ability to continue to grow and  thrive. It is off the charts. The index of overall confidence in May  was 107.8. That is the second highest reading in 45 years. That is what  we are talking about. That is unprecedented optimism. We have an 18- month streak now of what the NFIB, the National Federation of  Independent Business calls ``unprecedented optimism.''   We are at an all-time high of small business owners reporting  increasing wages for the people that work for them. There has never  been a time when there has been a higher number of small business  owners actually raising the wages of their workers.   As to sales trends, the growth in sales for small businesses is at  the highest level since 1995, 23 years ago.   The expansion plans--plans to build new factories, to open up new  facilities, and to increase the capacity that they have now--are the  most robust in the history of the survey. Never before have we seen  stronger numbers than this.   The top concern or the top worry that small business owners have used  to be the burden of taxes and regulation. It isn't anymore. Now it is  whether they will be able to find the workers they need to fill the  openings they have in their companies. Fifty-eight percent of firms are  actively trying to add workers right now. Right now, they are out  looking to employ more people--58 percent. It is really amazing.   By the way, this optimism isn't just from small businesses, it is  also consumers. Retail sales in May were up 5.9 percent above 1 year  ago. That is almost a 6-percent growth from a year to the next in  retail sales. That is consumer confidence. That is all of us going to  the store and buying whatever we buy.   The University of Michigan consumer confidence index was the highest  it has been in years in May, and March of this year was the only recent  time that it was even near this level. That is because workers are  seeing an increase in their paychecks. They are seeing less money  withheld, and they are seeing wage increases. They are feeling good  about their economic future, and that is really important.   So optimism is an important part of it, as well as an attitude that  government isn't hostile to business and that the regulatory  environment isn't in the ``gotcha'' mode but in a cooperative mode,  with a tax code that encourages investment. All of this clearly  contributes to optimism.   Let's drill down a little bit into one of the biggest drivers of this  economic growth, and that is business investment. When we decided to  make the reforms to our Tax Code on the business side, we said one of  the things we have to acknowledge is business investment--the  investment in new equipment, in capital. That had really dropped off  badly. Without new equipment and capital, workers don't become more  productive. If workers aren't more productive, they can't get higher  wages over time. We felt like that was the heart of what was holding  back our economy back in the Obama era and, to some degree, before. We  stated that we can lower the cost of investing more in your business,  investing more in equipment, and spending and deploying capital. We can  lower costs by treating it more rationally from a tax point of view,  specifically, by allowing full expensing in the year in which the  capital is deployed. Cap-ex spending has responded even better than I  actually had hoped. To be honest, I can't express how really thrilling  it is to see the kind of growth we are having.   Let's start with the broader measure of this. The broader measure of  this is business investment. This is a broader category that includes  things like equipment, but it also includes things like structures,  like a new building. It is really amazing.   CBO said that the first quarter of this year--they said that for the  first quarter of 2018--before tax reform, they said: Maybe you can get  to 4 percent. I think their estimate was 4.4 percent. After tax reform,  they said: Maybe you can get that up to 5.6 percent. The actual number  was 6.8 percent.   What is really amazing is the acceleration we have seen. These were  the quarter-over-quarter changes in business investment during the  latter part of the Obama years. That last year of the Obama  administration, 2016, is negative. That means that every quarter,  businesses were actually investing less than they were investing the  same quarter the previous year. Our capital pool was shrinking. The  amount of investment was going in the absolute wrong direction.   Look what happened. The tax reform wasn't passed in these first two  quarters. You might say: Well, why did it improve then? I think that  was because of confidence. I think that was because people realized  that we had a new government, a new administration, and that we were  going to work hard on trying to get tax reform done and that we were  going to begin lowering the regulatory burden. Look what happened. We  had a total turnaround from a lack of investment, a decline in capital  spending, to an increase. Then when we passed tax reform, look how much  higher it surged still. These are huge numbers. That is overall  business investment.   The second chart--we can drill down into what I think is the subset  of business investment, the category of business investment that is  probably most responsive to our changes in tax policy, and that is  equipment. That is where a small business owner or a big business can  really turn the dial. They can decide to buy a new piece of equipment,  buy another machine, buy another truck, buy the equipment that they  need to grow. That is an easier decision to make than building an  entirely new plant.   Let's look at this subset. These are tools, machines, technology,  trucks, computers. That is the on-the-ground spending of capital that  goes right into the hands of workers so that workers can become more  productive. What has happened to this?   Again, look at what was happening. The spending from one year to the  next in the latter part of the Obama administration was going down.  These are negative numbers because the capital being spent on business  equipment was actually declining.   Look at what has happened since. We changed the environment, changed  the regulatory environment, changed the mood, and it turned positive.  Then when the tax reform kicked in--and it is true that we didn't pass  the tax reform until the end of December, but we  [[Page S4318]]  wrote in from the beginning and we made it clear that we would make the  expensing provisions retroactive to earlier in the quarter. People saw  that, and this has taken off.   I think the picture illustrates extremely well the tremendous change,  the tremendous acceleration, the growth in equipment investment.   The reason I want to underscore this is because this is a very strong  indicator of future growth. This isn't some sugar high--that the  economy just got a lot of cash thrown on it, and so there is a little,  temporary blip. This is the kind of stuff that allows an economy to  continue to grow and create more because what we are doing is we are  expanding the productive capacity of our economy. We are building new  plants. We are deploying new equipment, new tools, new machines, new  software, new computers, new vehicles. All of those things allow us to  produce more goods and services. So not only do you get the surge from  when you actually build and put those items to work, but those items  continue to be used by workers for years. A new piece of equipment at a  factory is going to be there for many years to come. A new truck lasts  for a number of years before it has to be replaced.   This kind of growth is exactly the growth we were hoping for, and it  is really the powerful driver and the reason we can be optimistic. I  think this is the reason businesses and consumers are increasingly  optimistic about the future. They see a strong economy, and intuitively  they understand that this strength is real and that it is likely to be  enduring.   The important thing about this--and I can't stress this enough--is  that when a business decides to invest more in its business, to buy  more modern equipment, to buy new equipment, what happens is the  workforce becomes more productive. A company doesn't go out and invest  capital to make its workers less productive. That never happens. It  invests capital so that its workers can produce more.   It is the more productive workers who get higher wages. The example I  like to use is, if you ever go to a construction site and they are  digging the foundation for a building, you might very typically see  somebody who is operating a backhoe, and you might very typically see a  guy with a shovel. He is doing some of the work too. They are both  digging a hole in the ground. Who is getting paid more? It is always  the guy operating the backhoe because he is much more productive than  any human being can ever be swinging a shovel and he has a set of  skills that allow him to be productive. So when we are encouraging this  kind of investment, we are creating more opportunities for people to  earn more.   This is very encouraging news about the first 6 months of this year,  the first 6 months after the tax reform. I think it is going to  continue to get better.   By the way, there is good news on the Federal revenue side as well.  We have numbers through the end of May. June is not finished yet. For  the first 5 months of 2018, the tax revenue collected by the Federal  Government in the environment of our tax reform was $26 billion more  than the same period last year. So we lowered rates, we reformed the  Tax Code, and we are collecting more revenue than we were collecting  before we did the tax reform.   By the way, April was off the charts. April's numbers came in for the  actual tax revenue, and it was $30 to $40 billion more than what CBO  was projecting. It was the biggest surplus month in the history of the  country.   It is only June. We have to see how the rest of the year plays out.  But the fact is, we have wages growing, we have employment growing, we  have businesses growing, and that means that all of the above are  paying taxes, and they are going to be paying more. This is exactly  what we said to our colleagues. We said: If we can create the  incentives for stronger economic growth, we are going to have a bigger  economy. When there is a bigger economy, you can tax it at slightly  lower rates and still get more revenue because of the added size of the  economy. This, folks, looks to be exactly what is happening, and this  is what is so exciting.   For my constituents, it means that if you are out of work, you have  choices. There are more job openings today in America than there are  unemployed Americans. There are opportunities. If you have a job, wages  are probably moving up. That is what the data shows. Overall, wages are  rising at an accelerated pace. Businesses are as confident as they has  ever been. That means they are likely to continue to invest and  continue to create more opportunities.   I would just say that 6 months into this, our tax reform is working.  It is working for our constituents. It is working for our economy.  American business is more competitive. American workers are more  competitive. The benefits are widely shared. I am very enthusiastic  about this, and I am looking forward to the data that is continuing to  come in response to the most dramatic tax reform in over 31 years.   I yield the floor.   