 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last night the President of the United  States announced that Brett Kavanaugh is his choice to fill the vacancy  on the U.S. Supreme Court left by the impending retirement of Justice  Anthony Kennedy. I was glad to have the occasion to join the President  and others at the White House last night, and I could not be more  pleased with the President's choice.   Now that the President has performed his duty under the Constitution,  it now falls to us to do our duty. The appointments clause to the U.S.  Constitution says that subject to the advice and consent of the Senate,  the President shall appoint members of the Supreme Court, among other  officials. The President has done his job, and now it falls to the U.S.  Senate to do our job under the Constitution of the United States.   We have all learned a little bit more about the nominee in just the  few hours since his nomination. Of course, we know he is a judge on the  U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit--what some have called  the second highest court in the land. By that, they mean that because  it sits in the District of Columbia, many important cases involving the  U.S. Government go up through that court as opposed to courts in Texas  or Indiana or other places around the country. For more than 10 years,  he has served in that capacity.   We know he has had a distinguished academic and legal career. He  graduated from an elite law school--Yale--and clerked for Justice  Kennedy himself, the man he will succeed when confirmed. Most  importantly and as evidence of Judge Kavanaugh's good judgment, he made  the wise decision to marry a Texan. His wife grew up in Abilene and  graduated from the University of Texas.   Now that the nomination has been made, the Senate will follow what we  refer to here as regular order. That means the Judiciary Committee, led  by Chairman Grassley, will thoroughly vet the nominee, and then the  committee will debate and vote on the nomination, and then the  nomination will come to the floor of the Senate, where we will debate  and vote on the nomination.   We have already heard some say that there is not enough time to carry  out this process before the midterm elections, which should raise all  of our antennae. Both Justice Gorsuch and Justice Sotomayor were  confirmed 66 days after they were nominated, so the truth is that we  have plenty of time to do our job under the Constitution. We do want to  be thorough, and we will, but we also owe it to the Court and to the  American people to move expeditiously to fill this post so as not to  leave it vacant. Justice Kennedy said that he intends to leave at the  end of the month.   As the senior Democratic Senator from Kentucky said recently, ``The  Senate should do nothing to artificially delay consideration of the  next Justice.'' I agree with him, and that is consistent with the  standard here in the Senate.   Some have said: Well, we have a midterm election coming up, and maybe  we ought to defer filling the vacancy. But I would note that in 2010,  leading up to a midterm election, just like this year, Senate Democrats  confirmed President Obama's nominee to the Court, Elena Kagan. So there  is plenty of precedent for moving expeditiously, thoroughly, not  recklessly but in a focused fashion to confirm this nomination once it  has been vetted and voted on.   It is no secret that Judge Kavanaugh will help decide cases that will  be important in the life of our Nation. That is the role of the Supreme  Court, and it is already clear from his previous experience that he has  had plenty of preparation--academically and work experience and life  experience--that has prepared him to do exactly that.   Judge Kavanaugh has demonstrated the intellectual capacity that we  would expect of a Supreme Court Justice, and over the years, he has  demonstrated a rigorous understanding of the law. He has demonstrated  his sharp mind and analytical skills in a variety of jobs--working in  the White House as a lawyer and as Staff Secretary to the President.   By the way, for those who don't know what a Staff Secretary does in  the White House, that is the person who has the final eyes on a  document before the President is presented something for his signature.  It is a very, very important job. Brett Kavanaugh was Staff Secretary  to the President of the United States during the term of office of  President George W. Bush.   He has also taught at law schools, such as Harvard, where he was  actually hired by now-Justice Elena Kagan, whom he would serve  alongside, as well  [[Page S4852]]  as Georgetown and Yale. We know that during the years he has been on  the appellate bench, he has handed down hundreds of decisions. Let's  not forget that in order to attain that important position, the Senate  already confirmed him once in 2006 by a vote of 57 to 36.   We all know that this is President Trump's second nomination to the  Supreme Court, after that of Justice Neil Gorsuch just last year. In  his first term on the Court, Justice Gorsuch has already demonstrated  the power of his pen, the clarity of his thought, and the force of his  legal reasoning, and I am sure that Justice Scalia would be proud of  his successor's impartiality, his rigor, and his self-discipline. Based  on his distinguished record, I think Judge Kavanaugh will display many  of the attributes Justice Gorsuch has displayed on the Supreme Court.   In the coming weeks, we will hear a lot about Judge Kavanaugh's  interesting life story, his long career as a dedicated public servant,  his service to his community, and, yes, his strong Catholic faith, but  at the end of the day, the decisions of the Supreme Court should not be  affected by personal agendas, political or otherwise. That is because  the interpretation of the law is a discipline unto itself, and it  should always be separated from the personalities, the preferences, or  the ideological or political agenda of the judge. That is what judges  do. If they can't do it, then they shouldn't serve as judges.   Justices, by their work, must be insulated from the day-to-day  politics that are all too common here in the Congress. The Court, of  course, should not be a partisan or political institution. It was  created by the Founders to be something apart from the political  branches of government, the executive and legislative branches. That is  because the political branches of the government run for election and  are held accountable by the voters--not so with judges who serve for a  life term.   I know President Obama once argued in favor of what he called an  empathy standard in judicial decision-making, but that is not my  standard, and I know it is not Judge Kavanaugh's standard either. It is  another way to call for results-oriented judging, which is the opposite  of what a good judge should do.   As a former judge and justice of the Texas Supreme Court, I believe  those who serve in the judicial branch must put their personal beliefs  aside and apply the law as written and faithfully interpret those laws  passed by Congress, signed into law by the President, as well as  interpreting the text of the Constitution. If they want to be  policymakers, they ought to run for Congress. They ought to be subject  to the vote of the electorate. They ought to run for school board. They  ought to run for city council. If you want to be a judge, you have to  take an oath to do something different from serving in those sorts of  political offices.   It is crucial that as this process begins to unfold, we remember  that. It is important that the President's nominee not be subjected to  personal attacks from the angry and unhinged element we have seen  already reflected on our TV screens and that at times seems to forget  that judges in our political system are not charged with making the law  or making policy but rather interpreting the law and the Constitution  and the laws written by the Congress and signed by the President.   Based on what we have seen so far, the confirmation process will no  doubt be contentious. We have seen activists already encourage Members  of the Senate to abandon civility and decorum, and I hope we resist. We  have seen some of our colleagues already engage in various publicity  activities and talk about battle lines being drawn, as if this is some  sort of war to be fought. They indicated their unwavering opposition to  the President's nominee before we even knew who the nominee might be.  One of our colleagues came to the floor of the Senate before the  nomination was announced and said he would oppose whomever President  Trump were to nominate. Well, that should tell us a lot--that it is not  about the individual, it is about the office, and it is about kowtowing  to a political base that demands opposition at all costs and at all  turns to anything this President might do, no matter how qualified the  nominee might be.   In the days ahead, I think we can predict from experience that these  attacks will continue. Some of our colleagues will demand that Judge  Kavanaugh reveal how he will rule in a particular case in exchange for  their vote. How corrupt would that be, to insist that the judge tell  you ahead of time how he would rule in a particular case in exchange  for a vote for confirmation? That would clearly be wrong. It would be  wrong for any judge, without hearing the case--the arguments of the  lawyers, the facts of the case--to prejudge an outcome. That, again, is  not what judges do. They don't run for office based on a political  platform as do the political branches of government. Those of us who  run for office for the Senate or the House are happy to talk about what  we believe in and what we would do if elected to office, but that is  not what judges are supposed to do.   What is more, there is clear precedent for resisting those sorts of  guarantees ahead of time. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said during her  own confirmation process that sort of assurance is completely  inappropriate. Justice Ginsburg gave what I think is the correct  response to such requests, saying she would offer no hints, no  forecasts, no previews of her rulings.   Trying to predict how ethical Justices will decide particular cases  is a futile endeavor because, for good judges, it depends on learning  the facts as well as entertaining the legal arguments by the lawyers  involved, not coming into it with a preconceived notion of how you  would rule in any case under any facts involving a particular topic.  Sure, hypotheticals can be dreamed up, but no judge knows the right  decision until he or she studies the case before them.   I can tell my colleagues, we relish the opportunity to support and  defend the President's nominee against any and all baseless attacks. We  will not back down. We will not surrender the field to those who make  unjustified criticisms of the nominee or attribute to him some  characteristic or some experience which is entirely false. We will  defend the record of Judge Kavanaugh, who I believe is a thoughtful and  willing public servant, against deliberate attacks to denigrate him. We  will not allow others to distort the nature of his previous judicial  decisions or use him as a sacrificial lamb in some sort of vengeance  campaign against this President. We pledged that same level of support  for Justice Gorsuch, and we showed we were able to do just that--defend  the President's nominee against unjustified attacks--and will do so  again, joined by Judge Kavanaugh's many other supporters, including  those who do not share his political or judicial philosophy.    I noted today a liberal law professor, Akhil Amar, who wrote an  opinion piece saying that, yes, even liberals should support this  nominee, and he gives his reasons why. You can read it for yourself in  the New York Times, but the stakes are simply too important to let  unfair and inaccurate accusations be made about the nominee without  correcting them. The American people deserve better. This nominee  deserves better.   The American people demand judges like Brett Kavanaugh, who are fair  and independent arbiters of the law. The basic problem is, in recent  years, some have viewed the court as a way to circumvent and evade the  political process and achieve their preferred policy outcomes when  judges pronounce some radical change in the law or public policy from  the bench without the chance for voters to vote on that individual or  on those policies. Many have come to see this as an end-run around the  normal political process. Those who can't win at the ballot box, well,  let's win on the court, but that is not the right philosophy. That is  not the one preferred by most Americans, nor shared by the Founding  Fathers of this country or evidenced in the Constitution.   During the first 18 months of this administration, President Trump  has nominated, and we have confirmed, 42 members of the Federal  judiciary, including Justice Gorsuch. Next on our list is Judge  Kavanaugh. So we look forward to doing our duty under the Constitution  to vet the nominee, to ask the tough questions, to have the debate and  then the vote in the Judiciary Committee, and then bring that nominee  to the floor of the Senate and have that debate and that vote here.  [[Page S4853]]  Vote we will this fall on this nominee, and I trust we will keep the  same sort of timeframe we have seen applied impartially in cases like  Justice Sotomayor, Justice Kagan, and Justice Gorsuch. There is no  reason to drag this out other than for partisan, political purposes.   So let's do our job. Let's be dignified about it. Let's not engage in  unnecessary name-calling or falsely attribute to the nominee beliefs he  does not have or make wild, unhinged predictions about what may happen  to the Supreme Court were he to be confirmed.   I look forward to confirming this new equally outstanding nominee  this fall.   I yield the floor.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    Mr. President, I have at the desk a motion to instruct  conferees, which I ask for its immediate consideration.    Mr. President, this motion to instruct conferees for the  Defense authorization bill is related to our reforms of the operation  of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States.   It is no secret that China is weaponizing its investments in the  United States to exploit national security vulnerabilities, including  backdoor transfers of dual-use U.S. technology and related know-how.   I am delighted to be working with Mrs. Feinstein, the Senator from  California, on this issue. I thank our friend Senator Inhofe, who has  taken a leadership role on the Armed Services Committee, and Senator  Crapo for the unanimous vote on the Banking Committee.   I yield to Senator Inhofe.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the remaining  votes in the series be 10 minutes in length, and I yield back the  remaining time.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).   