 Mr. Speaker, in the years following the Great Recession  (2009-2012), 91 percent of all new wealth created accrued to the top  one percent of earners.   From 1980 through 2014, incomes for the wealthiest one percent of  Americans rose by 204 percent while incomes for the bottom 50 percent  rose by just 1 percent.   During that period, the size and productivity of the U.S. economy  have essentially doubled.   President Trump likes to tout a booming stock market, but the  wealthiest 20 percent of Americans own 92% of the stocks. The other 80  percent, four out of five Americans, own just 8 percent of that wealth  and are being largely left behind.   And things are about to get much worse, because the Trump tax scam  does exactly the same thing that has failed us for decades: trickle- down economics. It failed under Reagan, it failed again under Bush.  Every time Republicans ram it through, it adds billions, in Trump's  case trillions of dollars to our debt, and the wealthy walk away with  the benefits. The rich get richer and the rest of us just have to work  harder for less.   Meanwhile just in the past six weeks, Sam's Club laid off some 11,000  employees. Carrier cut another 1,500. AT&T laid off some 4,000.  Kimberly Clark, the company that makes Kleenex and Huggies, just  announced that it would use Trump's tax scam as an opportunity to lay  off 5,000 or more workers and close 10 manufacturing facilities.   Janus v. AFSCME is an effort by the wealthy and powerful to further  insulate their economic power and ability to restrict access to wealth  for the rest of us.   Strong unions are key to unrigging this economy, improving local  communities and the lives of union and nonunion families alike.   Unions are associated with greater productivity, lower employee  turnover, improved workplace communication, and a better-trained  workforce.   Data shows that unions and unionization lead to increased economic  growth and competitiveness.   According to the BLS, among full-time and salary workers, in 2017  union members had average weekly earnings of $1,041, non-union members  had median weekly earnings of $829.   When union membership is high, entire communities enjoy wages that  represent a fair return for their work and greater social and economic  stability and mobility. And unions advocate for policies that benefit  all working people, e.g. minimum wage, affordable health care, and  quality public schools.   Unions provide a path to the middle class for working people by  increasing their income and the economic security of their families.   As union membership has decreased because of attacks on working  people, income inequality has risen in the U.S. Source.   Through collective bargaining, members of strong unions are scoring  victories that help entire communities--like safer nurse-staffing  levels that help patients and smaller classroom sizes that help  students.   AFSCME Region President, Ron Briggs, suggested you may recognize the  following members because they have worked diligently to sign agency  fee payers in their locals/units and are active in fighting back  against the Janus case, right-to-work and the pro-corporate agenda:   Lorraine Aumic from Local 688 Office of Temporary & Disability  Assistance. She lives in Schenectady.   Bryan Schaeffer from Local 886 Schenectady School Districts,  Municipalities, and Towns. He lives in Delanson.   Michele Kuiber from Local 671 Workers Compensation Board. She lives  in Amsterdam.   Jodi Aubin from Local 655 Environmental Conservation. She lives in  Clifton Park.   Janus v. AFSCME is the product of a political scheme to further tilt  economic power away from working people and the middle class. It  strikes at the freedom of working people to come together in strong  unions.   Unions are critical to America's middle class, providing economic  stability, a good life, home and education for workers and their  families.   CEOs and corporate special interests behind this case oppose letting  workers negotiate a fair wage for their work.   The case was brought to manipulate the Supreme Court to satisfy  blatantly political goals. In a 10-page State Policy Network (SPN)  fundraising letter reported on in The Guardian, SPN President and CEO  Tracie Sharp wrote that the goal of their Koch-backed network's $80  million campaign was to ``defund and defang'' unions.    The original plaintiff in this case was Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner,  who launched a political attack on public employees after taking  office. A U.S. District Court judge ruled in 2015 that Rauner had ``no  standing'' to bring suit, so the legal arms of the National Right to  Work Committee and the Liberty Justice Center went looking for  plaintiffs to serve as stand-ins for Rauner in the federal lawsuit.   The Supreme Court case Janus v. AFSCME, Council 31 aims to take away  the freedom of--and opportunity for--working people to join together in  strong unions to speak up for themselves, their families and their  communities. When teachers, nurses, police officers, firefighters and  other public service workers are free to come together in strong  unions, they win benefits like better working conditions, better wages,  health care, clean and safe environments and retirement security that  benefit non-union members as well. But the CEOs and corporate special  interests behind this case simply do not believe that working people  should have the same freedoms and opportunities as they do: to  negotiate a fair return on our work so that we can provide for  ourselves and our families. They are funding this case through the  National Right to Work Foundation, because they view strong unions as a  threat to their power and greed.   When working people have the freedom and opportunity to speak up  together through unions, we make progress together that benefits  everyone. If the billionaires and corporate CEOs behind this case get  their way, however, they will take away the freedom of working people  to come together and build power to fight for the things our  communities need: everything from affordable health care and retirement  security to quicker medical emergency response times. The CEOs and  billionaires want to use the highest court in the land to take away our  freedom to create the power in numbers to win better lives for  ourselves, our families, our communities and our country.   People in unions continue to win rights, benefits and protections not  only for union members, but for all working people and their  communities in and outside of the workplace. When nurses, firefighters,  911 dispatchers and EMS workers belong to strong unions, they fight for  staffing levels, equipment and training that save lives. And when union  membership is high, entire communities enjoy wages that represent a  fair return on their work and greater social and economic mobility.  Without the freedom to come together, working people  [[Page H670]]  would not have the power in numbers they need to make our communities  safer, stronger and more prosperous.   The National Right to Work Foundation is part of a network funded by  corporate billionaires to use the courts to rig the rules against  everyday working people. For decades, the corporate CEOs and  billionaires funding this case have used their massive fortunes to pay  politicians and corporate lobbyists to chip away at the freedoms people  in unions have won for every single one of us. Now they want the  highest court in the land to take away our freedom to come together to  protect things our families need: a living wage, retirement security,  health benefits, the ability to care for loved ones and more.   This case originated from a political scheme by billionaire Bruce  Rauner, governor of Illinois, to advance an agenda benefiting  corporations and the wealthy. Rauner launched a political attack on  public service workers immediately after taking office, filing a  lawsuit on his own behalf to bar the collection of fair share fees by  public service unions. A federal judge ruled that Rauner could not  bring this action because he was not himself an employee paying fair  share fees. But the legal arms of the National Right to Work Committee  and the Liberty Justice Center were able to carry the case forward by  finding plaintiffs as standins for Rauner in the federal lawsuit. The  district court dismissed the case, based on long-standing precedent.  The plaintiffs asked the lower court to fast-track their appeal and  rule against them in order to more quickly get the case before the U.S.  Supreme Court.   Unions work because we all pay our fair share and we all benefit from  what we negotiate together. Fair share fees provide public service  workers with the power in numbers they need to negotiate better wages,  benefits and protections that improve work conditions and set standards  for everyone. Each individual public service worker chooses whether or  not to join a union, but the union is still required by law to  represent and negotiate on behalf of all public service workers-- members and nonmembers alike. The corporate special interests behind  this case want to take away the freedom of public service workers to  have the power in numbers to provide for their families and make their  communities stronger. That is why they want the Supreme Court to rule  that workers can receive all the benefits of a union contract without  contributing anything in return. Look at it this way: If you go out to  dinner with a group of friends, you still pay your fair share of the  check even if you didn't get to choose the restaurant.   No one is forced to join a union and no one is forced to pay any fees  that go to politics or political candidates. That is already the law of  the land. Nothing in this case will change that. This case is about  taking away the freedom of working people to come together, speak up  for each other and build a better life for themselves and their  families.   