 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is with great sadness that I rise to note  the passing of, and acknowledgement of, the service of a valued member  of the Intelligence Committee staff. On the evening of April 23, while  attending a conference on behalf of the committee, Matthew Pollard lost  his life to a heart attack. He was 52 years old. Matt is survived by  his mother, three older sisters, and a young son Bradley, who was the  cherished one.   Matt served honorably in the Army as an intelligence officer and  twice deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, from 2003 to  2004, and Operation Enduring Freedom, from 2009 to 2010.   Matt was smart. He was really smart. He held a master's degree in  strategic intelligence and mechanical engineering and was close to  completing his third master's degree.   Matt had one of those jobs, like many who serve on my committee, that  you can't talk about very much. That silence did not accurately reflect  the value he brought to the Intelligence Committee. He filled a  critical role. He was the majority staff member responsible for  conducting oversight over the Nation's overhead architecture. In  layman's terms, he knew satellites. Matt knew a lot about satellites.  He knew about what they were capable of and what they weren't capable  of. He knew what they cost and, perhaps more importantly, what they  should not have cost.   Matt also had the unique ability to explain the unexplainable, which,  as many here know, is a rare skill. Matt had a mind and an eye for  detail, both technical and budgetary. He prided himself in finding ways  to cut the costs of those fantastically expensive programs.   On our committee, he had a discerning eye for calling out contractors  when he saw deficiencies. Matt was good-natured with his colleagues in  industry. He was tough, but those same colleagues loved him. Matt would  half smile, half frown at a presentation, and you could see contractors  lower their heads and shuffle their feet a little bit because they knew  Matt was right. He was universally respected and liked by all who  encountered him, whether they sat on the same side of the table or  whether they were on the other side. When Matt passed away on Monday,  word literally spread around the country in a matter of hours. His loss  is devastating to many, including the committee, the members, and the  staff.   Matt actually served twice on the staff of the Intelligence  Committee. He began his first tour with us in March of 2002. That first  tour lasted 11 years. Matt couldn't stay away from the Senate for long,  though, and he gave in to tremendous pressure from the Appropriations  Committee to join them, which he did in April of 2014.   Matt's drive to serve was strong. When I became chairman in January  of 2015, I had one objective: persuading him to rejoin the Intelligence  Committee, and it was one of my top priorities. I am eternally grateful  that I was able to lure him away from the appropriators and know,  without a doubt, he was one of the strongest members of the  Intelligence Committee staff.   Matt studied. Matt inquired. He never backed down from a debate. Matt  spoke his mind and spoke truth to power, and he did it often without  bias. We loved him for all of it, and we will sorely miss Matt.   However, more importantly than the values he brought to the  committee, to the U.S. Senate, and to the Intelligence Committee was  how Matt conducted himself as a person and as a father. Matt loved his  son Bradley. That is probably what I will remember most about Matt.  Bradley was Matt's world--Boy Scouts, campouts, soccer games. If  Bradley was involved, Matt was there. He was a great dad.   We weren't surprised when we heard that Matt recently misjudged the  forecast. Despite wearing only a T-shirt and shorts in 40-degree  temperatures and whipping winds, he cheered loudly as Bradley played  his first soccer game. This is one small example of his devotion to  Bradley, whom he proudly referred to as ``my boy.''   Bradley, I want to say thank you for sharing your father with us. We  will forever be grateful.   Given Matt's hours and portfolio, he, like many of the staff, often  worked on the weekends, and Bradley was a regular presence in the  committee, on those weekends, in the committee space. He often could be  found playing board games with kids of other staffers who were also  working weekends and similarly engaged in finding a work-life balance.   Matt's devotion and generosity extended beyond Bradley. He was also  known, on occasion, to lead many adventures around the Capitol. He  would take him through the complex with small herds of children in tow  so their parents could actually get some work done. Kids would come  back full of stories with ``guess what we did'' to their parents.   We at the committee, and our sister committee on the House, will miss  having the benefit of his wisdom and his experience. So, too, will  those in the intelligence community who worked with Matt, to include  the senior leadership at some of the most important agencies.   While the American people may have never known Matt by name,  hopefully, this statement will give you some insight into his character  and, more importantly, the contributions he made to our Nation's  security. We will miss his expertise, his infectious sense of humor  and, most importantly, his friendship.   Mr. President, before I yield, I would like to turn to Senator Blunt.    I thank my colleague Senator Blunt.   Mr. President, we are saddened, but we are blessed. We are saddened  at the loss, and we are blessed that we participated in a small part of  Matt Pollard's life on Earth.   I yield back.   