 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is an understatement to say that the last  few weeks have been unusual in Senate history. I have never seen  anything like it in the 8 years that I have been serving in this body.  Every day when we show up to work, as we walk to our offices, we have  to walk through a sea, a mob, of angry protestors, people screaming,  shouting, yelling things at us--not pleasant things. In many instances,  Members have to be accompanied as they walk to and from their offices,  to and from the Senate floor where they cast their votes, to and from  their committee hearings, in and out of rooms where they have to  conduct their business.   This is unusual. It is unpleasant. It is relatively unprecedented,  certainly, in the time that I have been here. It is unfortunate and  unnecessary. You see, this is not how the process is supposed to work.   This is not what the Constitution contemplates or requires in  connection with the confirmation of a Supreme Court nominee. It doesn't  need to work this way, but in this case, it did. It did because a lot  of people, starting with a small handful of people, made a deliberate  choice to depart from the norm,  [[Page S6593]]  to depart from rules, practices, and operating procedures that are  designed to protect the innocent and the guilty, designed to protect  accusers and the accused, designed to protect the privacy of people who  come forward with allegations as well as those who have been nominated  to serve in high positions.   The allegations brought forward by Dr. Christine Blasey Ford were  serious. I still remember and will never forget the precise moment when  I was briefed on the nature of these allegations on September 13, 2018.  I was briefed by a small handful of Judiciary Committee staffers who  had clearance to read to me an FBI document they had just received. I  wasn't allowed to share the details of that communication with anyone-- not even members of my own staff--because at the time they were  confidential, couldn't be discussed with the public, and couldn't be  discussed with anyone who hadn't received specific clearance from the  FBI to do so. At the time these allegations were brought forward, I was  able to tell my staff only the following: The allegations raised by  this individual--I didn't know her name at the time--are serious. They  are serious to the point that I will not support this nominee. I cannot  and will not vote to confirm this nominee if these allegations are  true, but the allegations are of such a nature that they could be  looked into. We can discern whether or not they could be corroborated.  We can interview witnesses in an effort to get to the truth.   Over the last roughly 3 weeks, that is what has happened. We have  undertaken everything we know how to do to get to the truth.   We have had FBI agents interviewing witnesses. We have had witnesses  interviewed by committee staff. We ourselves have interviewed Dr. Ford  and Judge Kavanaugh. It was at the hearing where we heard from Dr. Ford  and Judge Kavanaugh when we learned for the first time that Dr. Ford's  attorneys--I will just state here parenthetically--were oddly  recommended by the ranking Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee.  But Dr. Ford's attorneys--those same attorneys recommended by the  ranking Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee--failed to ever  inform Dr. Ford that, from the outset, she wouldn't have to go through  the process this way. From the outset, she could have and would have  been given the opportunity to tell her story in private to FBI agents  who would have met her at her home in Palo Alto, CA, interviewing her  in the privacy and comfort and protection of her own home with  confidentiality.   That separate group of FBI agents could have and would have then  visited Judge Kavanaugh and any of the other alleged eyewitnesses to  this event, and at that point those reports would have been collected  and eventually handed over to the Senate Judiciary Committee.   The committee then could have and would have had the opportunity to  convene a closed hearing and to investigate these allegations without  having to subject anyone to the indignity of discussing very detailed  private circumstances of their lives in front of the American people.   It remains clear to me that Dr. Ford never wanted a circus. She never  asked for any of this. She was reluctant to come forward. Ultimately,  she agreed to allow her name to be released at the moment she  recognized that there were enough people who were going to figure out  who she was, but she didn't want to have to tell her story in public.  She could have and would have and should have been given the  opportunity to tell her story in private, but that is not how it  happened because her lawyers didn't tell her.   Even after her name came forward, even after she felt compelled to  disclose her name, her lawyers apparently didn't tell her that  Judiciary Committee staff would be willing to fly out to California and  meet with her in private in her home or anywhere else she wanted to  meet. That apparently was not communicated to her. One must ask the  question why. Why didn't they tell her that? I don't know. At this  point I can't know that.   The conversations that occur between attorneys and their clients are  typically and permanently confidential, but just as an objective  witness to a lot of this and, again, not privy to their private  conversations, I have to wonder whether at best her lawyers may have  been neglectful in telling her that she had those options. At worst,  they may have deliberately sacrificed her privacy, her comfort, and her  interests in pursuit of their own vain ambitions or perhaps a political  agenda. Either outcome is unfortunate. Either way we got there led to  the same outcome, and we are where we are.   For the last 3 weeks we have done everything we can to get to the  bottom of these allegations. We have had witnesses interviewed. We  ourselves have interviewed Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh.   At the end of this, what we see is someone who has been badly hurt.  It is apparent to me that Dr. Ford was harmed and has endured deep  pain. Someone hurt her, and they hurt her badly, but there is nothing  to corroborate her allegation that it was Judge Kavanaugh who hurt her.   Not one of the alleged eyewitnesses to this event can confirm that  such a gathering ever occurred, either in the summer of 1982 or at any  other time--not one. A number of the witnesses have said that not only  do they not remember such an event ever occurring but that this type of  event with this set of circumstances and with this combination and  number of people would not have happened. This is not how they  gathered.    So we are left with an uncorroborated accusation against an  individual who has led an exemplary life, a life of public service that  includes now 7 FBI background investigations and some 150-plus  interviews conducted by the FBI. Again, a lot of that was conducted  prior to his appointment to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC  Circuit, where he served for 12 years and published some 300 opinions,  in which he has had no objective other than to find the right answer  under the law.   This is someone who is a model, exemplary citizen from everything we  can tell. He serves his community. He feeds the hungry. He clothes the  naked. He serves his fellow beings with a love and an admiration for  them that is genuine, distinct, and consistent. Against this backdrop,  we cannot, we will not, we must not take a single uncorroborated  allegation and sink this man's hard-earned good name. The demands of  justice are such that we have to hear accusers and those who have been  harmed, but without corroboration we cannot assume someone to be guilty  in the absence of an adequate evidentiary foundation.   So I would add here that maybe we do know something more than that  because other allegations have come forward. Well, yes, there are other  allegations, but let's talk about the other allegations for a minute.   The Ramirez allegation came forward about a week after the Washington  Post announced Dr. Ford's name. A story by The New Yorker was itself  debunked less than 24 hours after the story was run--debunked by the  New York Times, which acknowledged having interviewed literally dozens  upon dozens of witnesses in an effort to find corroboration for the  Ramirez allegations. Not one person could or would corroborate the  story--not one. Moreover, as the New York Times concluded, there were a  number of instances in which Ms. Ramirez herself, in calling former  classmates from Yale, acknowledged that she didn't know whether or not  it was Brett Kavanaugh who engaged in the conduct she alleged.   The other allegation brought forward by the client of Mr. Avenatti  was itself on its face of a different sort than the others. This  allegation was brazen in what it assumed about Judge Kavanaugh and what  it asked the public to believe. It accused this man, this lifelong  public servant, of engaging deliberately in a sustained criminal  enterprise that had as its object the deliberate drugging and gang rape  of young women. Here, again, is a story that could not find a single  shred of corroboration and was severely undercut by a number of other  factors, including the fact that the accuser herself was not even in  high school at the same time as Judge Kavanaugh, and no one alleged to  have been present had any recollection either of the parties described  or of any of the circumstances surrounding these alleged events.   But the timing of these other allegations coming forward was  nonetheless  [[Page S6594]]  used to smear the good name of Judge Kavanaugh and to imply some sort  of guilt on the part of Judge Kavanaugh and some sort of corroboration  of the Ford allegation. Again, the Ford allegation was itself serious  and had a lot of indicia of credibility on its face. That is why I was  so concerned the moment I heard about it. That is why we have now spent  3 weeks doing everything we can to get to the bottom of it and finding  no corroboration.   But here we are with these protests going on, with a sea of angry  people shouting at us everywhere we go; chasing Senator Cruz and his  wife out of a restaurant as they were peacefully enjoying dinner;  verbally and physically assaulting Senator Perdue and his wife as they  were making their way from a flight into Reagan National Airport to  their vehicle, for a sustained period of 30 minutes, including a moment  when Mrs. Perdue was nearly pushed down a flight of stairs. These  incidents come in the wake of other unfortunate events, including a  moment when Rand Paul was attacked at his home and broke six ribs,  causing him excruciating pain and injuries that have the potential of  affecting him for the rest of his life. This same Rand Paul was himself  also the potential victim of a shooting when a crazed leftist decided  to show up at a Republican baseball practice and opened fire on  Republican Members of Congress simply because they were Republican  Members of Congress, almost killing Congressman  Steve Scalise in the  process.   This moment of emotional intensity came as a result of a process that  some are now struggling to say is broken. I insist that it is not. The  process isn't broken. There is nothing wrong with the Constitution. It  certainly is not broken. To the extent something wrong happened here,  it is not because the thing itself doesn't work or because it is flawed  by its very nature. It is because in this instance, the left broke it.  The left sabotaged it. The left deliberately impeded its ability to do  what it was supposed to do.   It is not as though this isn't without precedent. They have done this  in the past. They have done it for decades. They did it with Judge  Bork, when they converted his last name into a verb when they accused  him of being a racist and a sexist. They pretended to be outraged when  they found out that Judge Ginsburg had smoked marijuana. Then, a few  years later, they engaged in a high-tech public lynching of Clarence  Thomas. They later did it again to Sam Alito, calling him a racist.  Then they did it to Neil Gorsuch, calling him a sexist.   These efforts aren't limited, of course, to Supreme Court nominees.  They also deliberately went after Miguel Estrada, specifically and  admittedly because he was Latino. They tried to take down Amy Coney  Barrett's nomination to a Federal appellate court because they  considered her ``too Catholic.''   This is unacceptable. We have been asked to settle for this. It is  not time to settle. It is time to expect more. It is time to demand  more. It is time to demand a process that is respectful of human  beings--of the accusers and the accused in the world. It is time to do  this in a manner that respects this institution and allows us to  respect each other.   You have to remember that when we reduce our arguments from matters  of policy, in which we acknowledge good faith disagreements, to simple  and emotional questions of good versus evil, people are going to tend  to believe that characterization. Ultimately, they are going to tend to  act on that characterization.    The results will not always be pretty. At some point, this descends  to a moment when the victim will no longer be someone's character or  reputation or pride or the quiet enjoyment of someone's dinner or the  ability of someone not to be injured while mowing his lawn. At some  point, this is going to be one of us or it is going to be someone's  husband or wife, someone's children.   Earlier this week, we received news that someone had deliberately  released personal, private information regarding Members of the  Senate--Republican Members of the Senate, not coincidentally--with the  promise and the threat that even more information would be released,  including information about medical records and histories of our  children, for the specific purpose of influencing and intimidating  Members into taking a particular position on this nomination. This is  unacceptable.   It is also unacceptable that in the response to the attack on Rand  Paul, which I mentioned a moment ago, an MSNBC anchor actually referred  to that horrific event for Senator Paul and his family as one of her  favorite stories. That is not OK.   All of this hurts real people, not just Members of the Senate, not  just Dr. Ford and her family or Judge Kavanaugh and his family,  although it certainly hurt them. It also hurts the Senate. It hurts the  Supreme Court. It hurts our very constitutional Republic as it was set  up, as it was designed.   So again, we get back to this question: Why does this happen? I think  a lot of it has to do with the fact that it happens because you cannot  take this many eggs from the American people and put them in one basket  without creating a lot of really high, intense emotions.   You cannot require the American people to work many weeks or many  months out of any year just to pay their Federal taxes and not have  them be very emotional about what happens in Washington.   You cannot concentrate this much power in Washington, DC, and take  power away from the American people, where the power is supposed to be  mostly exercised at the State and local levels, and move it away from  them in two steps: first, from the people to Washington and then,  within Washington, from the people's elected representatives, who are  supposed to make law, to unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats, who make  law without any accountability to the people. You cannot do that  without unavoidably, inevitably, and unsustainably raising the  political temperature in this country. It cannot be done. It is the  nature of the thing itself.   Sometimes we have to stop giving in to the impulse to expand the size  and scope and reach of the Federal Government because it tends to make  the people less powerful. The whole system was set up so as to lower  the political temperature in the country.   We are a diverse country. In one way or another, there has always  been great diversity within the country, among and between the States  and their different populations. This was understood by the Founders;  it is understood today. This is one of the reasons why, by divine  design, this whole thing was set up in such a way as to lower the  political temperature in Washington by keeping most decisions close to  the people at the State and local levels, recognizing that there is a  whole lot more unity at the State and local levels than there is at the  national level. That is why most powers are supposed to remain close to  the people through the States and localities.   Sometimes our instincts are wrong. Sometimes our instincts lead us  into danger. Sometimes we fear the wrong things.   People in this country, understandably, are terrified, scared to  death of rattlesnakes. I myself am scared to death of rattlesnakes. We  have them in my State of Utah. We don't like them. Most people are  shocked, however, to discover there are many times more people killed  every year as a result of deer than rattlesnakes. Deer, it turns out,  cause all kind of accidents, which, in turn, result in a lot of  deaths--many more deaths, many times more deaths every year than  rattlesnakes. But we fear the rattlesnake more because it looks scary.   Sometimes our instinct leads us in the wrong direction. Sometimes our  instinct is to do something through government that might make matters  worse rather than better.   It reminds me of a time when I worked across the street at the  Supreme Court of the United States. I was a law clerk to Justice Alito.  My co-clerks and I worked in a relatively small office. We discovered  something during the summer when we started our job. The air  conditioning in our office made our office unbearably cold. It was so  cold as we sat at our desk and wrote memoranda to the Justices and did  our jobs, sometimes our hands would get so cold that we almost couldn't  feel them. What did we do? We went over to the thermostat and turned up  the thermostat, thinking that would solve the problem. But after  [[Page S6595]]  we turned up the thermostat, it didn't do any good. It was still  freezing cold. At that point, we opened the window and let in the hot,  muggy air that is known to inhabit and pervade Washington, DC, during  the summer months. It was inefficient, but we couldn't figure out  another way. We talked to the maintenance people in the building. They  weren't sure what to make of it, so we moved on.    As summer faded into fall and fall became winter, it got cold. We had  a very similar problem, but in the other direction. When it got to be  winter, when it was really cold outside, it was burning hot inside our  office. It was so hot, we were sweating, so hot we felt compelled to  walk over to the thermostat and turn the thermostat down, hoping and  expecting, reasonably, that it would lower the temperature and  alleviate our discomfort.   It didn't do a bit of good. It was still burning hot. What did we do?  We opened the windows. It was inefficient and created a weird feeling  in the office--at times burning hot, at times freezing cold, depending  how close you were to the window.   After many months of this, the head maintenance inspector for the  whole building came in and looked at the heating and air conditioning  system within the office. After taking it all apart, he came to us and  said: I think I have found your problem. Your thermostat was installed  backward. Every time you were turning the thermostat up to raise the  temperature, it was lowering the temperature. Every time you lowered  the thermostat, it was, in fact, raising the temperature.   Sometimes things have the opposite effect from what we want. I  believe it has often been with the best of motives and instincts and  intentions that we have taken power to Washington, DC, concentrating,  centralizing more power here in Washington, DC, and then allocating it  to unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats, and, in some cases, Federal  judges.   In the process, we disempowered the American people. We disconnected  them from their own government. This, in turn, has raised the  temperature when it comes to things like confirming a Supreme Court  Justice. This, by the way, was often done in the past by a voice vote  without even the need for a roll call vote. Sometimes it was done  unanimously; sometimes it was done overwhelmingly. Not every nominee  was confirmed. I don't think that should ever be the case.   Even in George Washington's administration, not every nominee to the  Supreme Court was confirmed, but nominees were treated with dignity and  with respect. This occurred in part, I believe, because the  Constitution kept the temperature appropriately moderated; the Federal  Government was doing only those things that the Constitution  unmistakably placed in the hands of the Federal Government and of  Congress, which sets policy for the Federal Government. The people, in  turn, remained in touch and connected to that government, to the extent  it affected them, because that policy was still being set by the  people's elected representatives in Congress and not by unelected,  unaccountable jurists or bureaucrats.   The opposite has happened since then. It is not the case that every  Supreme Court nominee in recent history has brought about so much  contention. You look at the confirmation process that led to the  ultimate appointment of Ruth Bader Ginsburg, of Stephen Breyer, of  Elena Kagan, of Sonia Sotomayor. These occurred in recent decades.  These Justices were confirmed overwhelmingly, and they were confirmed  with a lot of votes from Members of both political parties.   It doesn't have to be as contentious as it always is, but in this  instance, with Republican nominees--with conservative nominees--the  left has been unwilling to allow the process to even move forward as it  should and has chosen instead to smear these individuals and to treat  them in an unkind, undignified manner.   No mother and no father would want to see a son or a daughter  subjected to this kind of treatment, not in our country, not for a  position like this. No one would want that. It does not have to be this  way.   If we can correct course, if we can figure out that we have in some  ways been working with a broken thermostat, if we can acknowledge the  fact that in trying to make things better, sometimes we make them worse  by bringing more power to Washington and then handing this power over  to unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats and judges, we can do this. We  can lower the temperature, lower the stakes in the United States of  America.   We live in a diverse Republic. We need to allow the people in all of  their diverse viewpoints throughout the various States to work things  out as they deem fit. Let Utah be Utah; let New York be New York; let  Nebraska be Nebraska. We don't have to make as many decisions in  Washington, DC, as we have been.   I believe, ultimately, this will come down to a question like this.  We have a choice to make--a choice between federalism; that is,  restoring the proper balance of power between different actors within  our system of government on the one hand, or contention and,  ultimately, violence on the other hand.   I choose the peaceful way. I choose the way that doesn't result in as  much contention. I choose the constitutional way. I believe that  document was written in such a way as to protect our liberty, to  respect our divergent interests, and to allow the American people to  flourish and prosper because not every decision would have to be made  by the same people, and the government would remain accountable to the  government. Federalism is the answer.   At the end of this long and grueling process, I am grateful for the  system we have. I hope we can return to its constitutional origins and  respect the letter and the spirit of the Constitution of the United  States.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I come before this body this evening after  having heard several remarks from a number of my distinguished  colleagues, whom I like, whom I respect, whom I admire, and with whom I  greatly and substantially disagree on many matters discussed tonight.   Just in the last little while I have heard arguments presented first  by the Senator from Maine, a good friend of mine, who made some  arguments that he put into roughly four categories. He opposes Judge  Kavanaugh on the basis of judicial philosophy, on the basis of his  refusal to agree anticipatorily to certain types of recusals, to the  absence of documentation he claims was available to the committee, and  to Judge Kavanaugh on issues of demeanor. I would like to address each  of these allegations in turn.   First, with regard to judicial philosophy, my friend from Maine--who  truly is a friend--explained that, in his view, Judge Kavanaugh was  unacceptable because, among other things, he counts among those he  admires, among his judicial role models, the late William Rehnquist,  Chief Justice of the United States. The reason that is apparently a bad  thing, according to my colleague from Maine, is that this somehow  indicates that he would view himself sort of as an umpire, calling the  balls and the strikes, reading the law on the basis of what it says  rather than on the basis of what he or anyone else might wish were the  law.   Jurists, you see, are not philosopher kings, not even when they get  onto the Supreme Court of the United States. They are not there to  impose will but judgment.   You see, as Alexander Hamilton explained in Federalist 78, there is a  difference between the type of government activity that goes on in the  judiciary and the type of government activity that goes on in the  legislative branch. In the judiciary, they exercise judgment; that is,  they read the law. They figure out what the law says. When two or more  parties come before the court's proper jurisdiction, they interpret the  law on the basis of what the law says. That, Hamilton explains, is  judgment.   Will, on the other hand, is deciding what the law should say, what  policies are best for the U.S. Government. That is the prerogative of  this branch. That is the prerogative of the political arms of the  Federal Government. That is not the prerogative of our friends across  the street who wear black robes.   So I was surprised to hear that my colleague from Maine, the junior  Senator from Maine, Mr. King, was saying that he objects to the  judicial philosophy of Judge Kavanaugh on the basis that he says he  would call the balls and strikes as he sees them. It seems to me that  this is the essence of what Federalist 78 was talking about, about the  difference between will and judgment.   Hamilton explained that if ever the judiciary started exercising will  instead of judgment, it would upend the entire constitutional order.  That, we cannot have. That is not how it should be.   Next my colleague from Maine went on to explain that Judge  Kavanaugh's association with the Federalist Society was somehow a  problem, that the Federalist Society is somehow some sort of demonic  conspiracy to overthrow the U.S. Government--or something to that  effect. I embellished slightly his characterization of it, but you  would think from what some of my colleagues say about the Federalist  Society that there is something terribly wrong with it. Let me tell you  about the Federalist Society.   I have been aware of the Federalist Society for most of my life. I  attended my first Federalist Society event while I was still in high  school. I mean, what teenager doesn't want to attend a Federalist  Society event at a nearby law school? That was something we considered  to be a lot of fun in Provo, UT.   At every Federalist Society event that I have ever attended, starting  when I was in high school, all the way through college, through law  school, throughout my career as an attorney, and since then in my  career in politics, one thing has been consistent: The Federalist  Society, when it puts on an event, allows for all sides to be  represented. You will see views that are widely divergent. You have  people, such as Nadine Strossen, former president of the American Civil  Liberties Union, who have long been affiliated with the Federalist  Society and participated in their symposium. This, you see, makes the  Federalist Society rather unlike most American law school experiences,  wherein one side is presented--not both. The Federalist Society prides  itself in focusing on open, robust, honest debate.   So if some people want to criticize the Federalist Society or those  who, heaven forbid, have ever attended a Federalist Society event, what  they are doing is criticizing academic freedom, criticizing a robust  discussion of law and public policy. We should all be grateful for the  Federalist Society for Law and Public Policy Studies. This is an  enterprise that really represents the core of what the American people  should value--certainly what those who study and admire and respect the  law should value. This is not something people should be criticized for  participating in. Last I checked, academic freedom and robust  discussion of what the law says and which branch of government ought to  exercise will and which ought to exercise judgment--that is something  to be rewarded. That is part of America's bedrock. Its core  institutions of civil society are people who are willing to come  together, not under the auspices of government, not under the control  of some bureau or bureaucracy, but rather on their own to discuss and  debate things that will inure ultimately to the benefit of the people.   Next, my colleague from Maine, Senator King, referred to Judge  Kavanaugh's refusal to agree anticipatorily to a recusal in certain  cases. As Judge Kavanaugh very capably explained in his hearing, this  is not the kind of judgment a person makes before taking the Bench,  before assuming a particular judicial office to which he or she has  been nominated. It wouldn't be appropriate for him to anticipatorily  agree to recuse himself in a type of case that he has even yet to see.   I am not sure why some of my colleagues wanted to put him on the  record as taking himself off of a certain broad category of cases, but  that, nonetheless, seems to be what they were after. That, in most  circumstances, is improper, just as it would be improper to get Judge  Kavanaugh to agree in advance of his confirmation as to how he would  vote in a particular type of case.   This, too, many of my colleagues find troubling, by the way; yet  this, too, is part of the canons of judicial ethics. We don't want  people campaigning as if on political issues to get onto the Supreme  Court of the United States. We will get back to that a little bit more  later.   Next, Senator King referred to the supposed lack of documentation  from the Bush administration where Judge Kavanaugh worked--the lack of  documentation, meaning the lack of documents coming out of the White  House. It is important to know that Judge Kavanaugh doesn't own the  documents in question. No, those are owned by the Bush administration.  They own the privilege, and under the Presidential Records Act, which  Congress itself has enacted, there are terms set. There are agents  identified, agents who get to assert certain privileges and decide  when, whether, and to what extent certain documents will be released  and available for our review. I am not sure what it is that they are so  terrified might be out there, but whatever it is, it is in a document  that doesn't belong to us, a document to which we have no access, to  which we have no rightful claim, but a document that in all events is  not Judge Kavanaugh's call. It is not his call to decide what happens  to those documents--when, whether, under  [[Page S6620]]  what circumstances we receive them. It is not his fault. It is not  under his control. He has no say on that. Do not hold that on his head.  That is not his burden.    Then my colleague from Maine went on to address Judge Kavanaugh's  demeanor. Senator King is not a member of the Judiciary Committee. I  am. Senator King acknowledged to have viewed some of the hearings from  a television while in other parts of the Capitol Complex, sometimes  with the volume on, sometimes with it off. He said something to the  effect that if he were watching from another planet, he would conclude  that this man is not fit for office. Maybe he wasn't watching the same  hearing I was, but I know one thing: Senator King wasn't in that room;  I was. Let me tell you what I saw.   I saw a man who has devoted most of his adult professional career to  public service; a man who volunteers his time to feed the hungry, the  homeless; who coaches his girls' basketball team, which he has done for  a very long time; who teaches; and who supervises those whom he  employs.   His law clerks over the last 12 years--by the way, men and women of  every background in the United States--rave about him, call him the  kind of boss that every American would want to have, that every young  lawyer would dream of working for, for the simple opportunity of  learning under his tutelage, for the opportunity of serving in a  judicial apprenticeship of sorts under a true master of the law.   I don't know what Senator King was referring to, but he wasn't in  that same hearing I was. He certainly didn't see the same thing I saw,  which is someone who was seeking sincerely to defend his own record of  public service and his own private conduct against great adversity,  moreover, in circumstances in which he and his family have been dragged  through the mud by no choice of their own.   As to the suggestion that he was somehow leveling a threat when he  uttered the words ``what goes around comes around,'' I was in that  room. I understood that to mean one thing and one thing only, which is  to say that when we mess with the process, that process might well  remain messed up. That is all he meant. He was not making any threat.  That was apparent to anyone watching that meeting with anything  approaching an open mind. Anyone watching that with an open mind would  have understood what that meant in context. He was simply stating the  obvious: When we allow politics to come into play excessively in the  process of naming and confirming people to the Supreme Court of the  United States, it messes it up. It messes it up now and messes it up  for the future. We should all be concerned about that.   I also heard comments from my colleague, the distinguished junior  Senator from Illinois. She said, among other things, that the  investigation conducted into allegations involving Judge Kavanaugh were  ``a sham.'' A sham. Think about what that means. It means that she is  suggesting that those investigating didn't want to get to the truth.   I don't know what documents she has reviewed, but I can tell you the  documents that I have reviewed. Those compiled by the Federal Bureau of  Investigation and those compiled by the very faithful investigative  staff on the Senate Judiciary Committee were thorough. We are talking  about hundreds of pages of transcripts, to say nothing of the more than  30 hours of testimony provided by Judge Kavanaugh himself before the  Senate Judiciary Committee. We have been thorough in what we have gone  through, and to call this a sham is simply disingenuous. It is  inaccurate. It is inconsistent with anything I have seen.   I heard my colleague from Illinois also refer to what she  characterized as untrue statements made by Judge Kavanaugh in  connection with Judge Kavanaugh's alleged participation in the  development of the so-called torture policies in the Bush  administration.   As has been stated over and over again by Judge Kavanaugh and those  who worked with him, he wasn't even cleared, didn't even have access to  that program, was not involved in that program's creation. The  documents to which they refer in claiming otherwise show only that he  was asked about certain arguments that may be presented in court, which  is completely different from the question they are talking about-- whether he had anything to do with the development, the design, the  creation of that program, which he did not. So to say that he lied  about that is completely dishonest, it is not borne out by the facts,  and I find it shameful that this accusation would be made. It is  completely contrary to the evidence.   Next, my colleague from Illinois referred to concerns about what she  referred to as healthcare outcomes--outcomes in particular cases  involving healthcare. She went on to extol the virtues of the Patient  Protection and Affordable Care Act, also known as ObamaCare, and spoke  at length as if to suggest that Judge Kavanaugh were being considered  not for a judicial position but a position involving lawmaking, policy- setting. He has, after all, been nominated to a position of Associate  Justice of the Supreme Court, not policymaker. His exercise of  judgment, of interpreting the law based on what it says rather than on  the basis of what he wishes it said, is his role. It is unfair to  compare him to another standard.   Moreover, if we are going to compare him to that standard, she has to  acknowledge that when we are talking about the Affordable Care Act, he  actually wrote an opinion upholding it. That is beside the point here,  but if she is questioning his judgment and his ability to handle the  law and apply the law on the basis of how he views the law and to do so  objectively, she ought not to be concerned.   If she is concerned about the outcome of cases relating to the  Affordable Care Act--which I don't think she should be--as separate and  apart from the judgment part of his role, then she ought to be consoled  by the ruling that he made upholding the Patient Protection and  Affordable Care Act.   In any event, it is simply not fair to compare him to this standard  and to say that because they fear--because my colleagues fear that he  might reach a different policy outcome than she might prefer, she is  attributing to him political views that he doesn't have, that he isn't  allowed to have as a jurist, and that he has not expressed.   If you can point to any one of his 300 written published opinions in  the Federal reports, bring them to me--any one of those that suggest  that he is incapable of being impartial in healthcare or in any other  arena, please bring them to me. I would love to see them. Yet they  can't, they won't, and they haven't, because such opinions do not  exist. That is why they resorted to other things. That is why they are  talking about policy. That is why they are trying to smear this man's  character and destroy his good name, because they have looked through  those opinions, and they can't find a dud among them.   My colleague, the distinguished Senator from New Hampshire, also  spoke. She regretted the fact that, in her view, there hadn't been a  full investigation into the allegations against Judge Kavanaugh and  suggested that additional evidence would have been helpful and that  additional evidence exists corroborating the allegations made against  him.   Well, having reviewed hundreds and hundreds of pages of transcripts  of interviews resulting from the FBI investigation and from our  competent Judiciary Committee staff, I don't know what she is talking  about because the only potential corroborators in this case--that is,  the alleged eye witnesses to the accusations in question--those  allegedly present in the circumstances in question, say that they can't  remember any instance in which anything like this happened--not just  the underlying bad acts themselves as alleged but the events in which  they allegedly occurred. That is what we call corroboration. You cannot  have a statement you describe as corroborating unless there is someone  who at the time saw or heard or was otherwise made aware of something  at or around the time it occurred. That is what corroborating evidence  is, and that is what is noticeably absent in this case.    She also claimed that the FBI was not allowed to conduct a serious  investigation. I do not know what she means. What I do know is that  what the FBI was asked to do involved conducting a supplemental  investigation  [[Page S6621]]  into current credible allegations of sexual misconduct, and that is  what they did. We, the Senate Judiciary Committee, didn't put  guardrails around that, didn't tell them they couldn't follow up on  leads they deemed significant, didn't tell them they couldn't look past  a certain witness, didn't tell them they couldn't follow up on  something that might shed light on this candidate's credibility or his  eligibility to serve in judicial office.   That leads to another point. This man has now endured 7 FBI  background investigations, with over 150 people interviewed during that  time--150 people interviewed extensively about what they know about him  and about what they know about his character. Those interviews and the  report that was produced back up this man's character. And separate and  apart from the fact that there is no corroborating evidence for these  allegations, these independently backed him up.   My colleague from New Hampshire, like my colleague from Illinois,  also brought up the Affordable Care Act, as if assuming from the outset  that, on the basis of policy, Judge Kavanaugh would rule a certain way  in this or that aspect of anything having to do with healthcare. Here  again, we have characterizations that would be much more fitting in a  political debate for a political office, but, alas, that is not what we  have here.   My colleague from New Hampshire referred to the Mueller  investigation. I don't know how that is tied to the nomination of Brett  Kavanaugh to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United  States, but somehow she tried to make that an issue. I don't know what  she is talking about. I don't know how that could possibly be relevant  here.   She made the argument--the very serious accusation--that Judge  Kavanaugh somehow believes that the President of the United States is  above the law. I challenge my colleague from New Hampshire to tell me  what evidence she has that he believes that. This is a serious  accusation and one that should not be made lightly.   I have never ever heard of Judge Kavanaugh having said or written  anything suggesting that the President of the United States is above  the law. Yes, Judge Kavanaugh acknowledged, as he has repeatedly on a  number of occasions in a number of settings, that there is a dispute  among scholars as to the timing and manner of liability that might be  faced by a current sitting President of the United States, but he has  never said the President of the United States is above the law--never-- never hinted at it, never concluded that, and it is therefore unfair to  attribute that view to him.   Finally, my colleague from New Hampshire characterized Judge  Kavanaugh as being someone who is without character and sort of the  antithesis of being an impartial arbiter.   I think the very best way we can view that with regard to his  character is through his life of public service, through the way he has  interacted with those he knows, those who have truly known him not just  over the last 36 years but for his entire lifetime.   The best we can evaluate his ability to be an impartial arbiter is to  review the 300 published opinions he has written while serving as a  judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit. I challenge any  one of my colleagues to bring me any one of those opinions or any  combination of those opinions that show that he is incapable of being  impartial or that he is in any way challenged as to impartiality. They  can't do it. They won't do it. They haven't done it because such  opinions don't exist.   Judge Kavanaugh is a good man. He is eminently qualified to serve on  the Supreme Court of the United States. I endorse President Trump's  nomination of him. I was pleased to vote in favor of cloture, and I  look forward to voting for his confirmation in the coming hours.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that floor privileges  be granted to Sean Pugh, Marc Marie, and Jared Kelson for the duration  of this Congress.   