 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time.   Today, I rise in opposition to H.R. 3326, the World Bank  Accountability Act of 2017.   Let me start by stating how important our Nation's contributions are  to the World Bank's International Development Association, IDA. Those  funds support the largest source of development finance for the world's  poorest nations, including those in Africa, Latin America, and Asia.  That is why, at the committee level, I voted in favor.   Both Democrats and Republicans agreed that funding the World Bank's  development finance for poor nations represented America's highest  ideals and interests. And, naturally, I would support a bill like this,  but we had agreed that it wasn't the last word, that we would work and  there would be additions thereto and/or subtractions in reviewing the  bill.   In my estimation, looking at the bill, it also cedes too much  authority to the executive, and those concerns have not been addressed  in the final bill. For me, particularly in light of this  administration's statements just a few days ago, it is troubling that  it could be misused by this administration.   As written, the President, who has indicated a complete disdain for  poor nations and people of color, could withhold foreign assistance if  the World Bank does not conform to his administration's policies. It  would be a mistake to allow the President to coerce the World Bank to  fit his flawed world view, especially this President whose world view  is inconsistent with America's past leadership around the globe, and  that is whether it was a Democrat or Republican President.   Furthermore, the procedures in this bill do little to rebuild the  world's faith in our Nation because we are having a problem with all of  our allies, particularly the poor nations of the world, as to where we  stand.   So, clearly, our vision, this Nation, has deteriorated under the  current administration. Under this bill, our Nation could lose further  credibility around the world during a time when countries, especially  our allies, are uncertain about where our country stands on fundamental  democratic values.   Ultimately, the procedures in this bill could punish millions of  children and the vulnerable families in Africa, Latin America, and Asia  who could go without food and basic resources.    Mr. Chair, since we know of the President and his will to  withdraw from multilateral organizations and not work with others and  just work by himself, we know what his position is. I urge my  colleagues to vote ``no'' on H.R. 3326.   