 Mr. Speaker, recently, my daughter came home from high  school accompanied by two of her good friends. These young ladies are  about 16 years of age. They wanted to sit down and talk to me a little  bit, so we sat down and we spoke. After a while, I learned these young  ladies were very nervous and very scared. They were DREAMers.   They had a basic question for me, which was: What can we do? What can  you do for us?   Very, very tough questions. After a moment I answered them: Continue  to study hard. Continue to follow the law. Be good students and don't  give up hope.   At the same time I told them: Don't worry about Washington, D.C. I am  going to Washington to fight for you.   That is what we are doing here today, myself and my colleagues,  fighting for DREAMers, fighting to make sure that they have a shot at  the American Dream.   Now, I am happy to say today that DREAMers enjoy support of not only  Democrats, but Republicans as well on this floor.   Why?   Because all of us know who DREAMers are. DREAMers are hardworking  individuals. They serve in our military. They are soldiers, police  officers, firefighters, nurses, teachers, and, of course, they are also  our neighbors. DREAMers also are very good immigrants. They pay their  taxes and follow the law.   Do you know what?  [[Page H100]]    They provide value to our country.   Recently, I also had the opportunity to visit my son's high school,  the Air Force Naval ROTC program. I went to be part of what is called a  pass in review. Some very nice, honorable young cadets passing in  review, all saluting the flag of the United States, all taking the  Pledge of Allegiance to our country and to our flag.   Do you know something?   A lot of those cadets were DREAMers.   Mr. Speaker, today we have the chance to do what is right. We have a  chance to do our job. Let the Dreamer legislation come before us for a  vote and let's give the DREAMers the opportunity to earn the American  Dream.   Mr. Speaker, let's not live with regrets. Let's not look back 5, 10,  15 years from now and say what we could have, should have, would have.  Now is the time to act. Now is the time to vote for our DREAMers.   I ask my colleagues to please vote against the previous question so  that we can immediately bring up the Dream Act to vote for justice and  equity.    