 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the bill before us,  S. 2155. I support a majority of the provisions in this bill, as it  makes crucial changes to federal banking laws that provide much needed  relief from some of the worst, most burdensome financial regulations  that have stifled American small businesses and in turn, harmed  consumers.   I intend to vote in its favor, but I have a real issue with the way  in which we are considering the bill. A huge bill, almost 200 pages-- under a closed rule. The section I want to speak on is a section that  most folks probably don't even realize is in the bill, and that is  Small Public Housing reform, section 209.   This is an issue I've been working on for years now, and while I'm  always happy to see others such as Chairman Crapo caring about it, I'm  frustrated by how haphazardly they are written, and disappointed by how  good they could be.   Let me just go over a couple of things that are in the bill before us  as they relate to small public housing authorities. The Senate tacked  on a rural requirement to the definition of ``small public housing  authority'' which is generally defined as a housing authority operating  550 or fewer combined units or vouchers.   For starters, how many times have we debated USDA's rural definition?  It's one of the most complicated rural definitions that exist--why are  we still using this in new legislation even though we know how  difficult it is to come to a consensus on it? The small PHA definition  of 550 and under covers approximately 76 percent of PHAs across the  country--that number drops to a little over a half when we add the  rural definition.   Moreover, there are already existing distinctions when it comes to  small PHAs--fewer than 250 get to report less, fewer than 400 are  exempt from asset management, etc. Now, we've created a new  subsection--rural or non-rural.   So in theory we could have two PHAs of identical sizes in adjoining  or nearby counties operating under different rules for performance and  oversight. Both likely will have similar resource challenges but only  one of them will get regulatory relief as a result of S. 2155.   We're creating complexity, not lessening it. We move physical  inspection standards currently used in public housing (UPCS) and we  say, let's move them to the less burdensome section 8--which, again,  I'm all for, but we don't clarify which section 8. There are two types  of section 8, tenant-based and project-based. Presumably they meant  tenant-based, but that's something we need to clarify.   These are just a couple of small, non-controversial common sense  corrections.   I'll be introducing authorizing legislation that makes these changes  and a few others that I didn't have time to go over--and hopefully,  we'll be able to attach some technical corrections to a must-pass piece  of legislation I know many others share my frustration, to have this  massive bill shoved down our throat with no opportunity to make the  legislation better.   Isn't that our job as lawmakers? To make sure the bills we pass are  the very best they could be. I applaud the deregulatory efforts on the  financial side as well as the small public housing side, I'm jut  disappointed to see that we don't have the opportunity to make some of  these common sense edits on the front end, instead of having to make  technical corrections afterwards because what has been signed into law  contains well intended, but confusing and imperfect provisions.   