 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair of our Health  Subcommittee for organizing this Special Order tonight because it is so  important to our country.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to bring attention to the countless Americans  suffering from opioid addiction in Houston and Harris County, Texas,  whom I represent, and throughout our great country. I call on Congress  and the Trump administration to take immediate action to help our  fellow Americans in need.   The Department of Health and Human Services estimates that over 2  million Americans suffer from opioid use disorder and millions more  misuse their legally prescribed opioids. Most troubling are the 42,000  Americans who died from opioid-related overdoses in 2016 alone,  including over 2,800 victims of opioid addiction in Texas.   The economic burden of prescription opioid misuse in our country is  estimated to cost over $78 billion a year, including the cost of  healthcare, lost productivity, addiction treatment, and the criminal  justice system. We must do more to turn the tide against the opioid  epidemic and give Americans the tools to overcome addiction and rebuild  their lives.   In the past 2 years, Congress has made a concerted effort to help  Americans and prevent abuse from happening in the first place. In 2016,  the Committee on Energy and Commerce wrote and passed the Comprehensive  Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA, the first major Federal addiction  legislation in 40 years, the most comprehensive effort to address the  opioid crisis.   I supported CARA when it was considered by our committee and am proud  of our results, a law that provides over $180 million annually to our  State and local partners to help support prevention, recovery, overdose  reversal, law enforcement, and criminal justice reform.   The Health Subcommittee, on which I am proud to serve as ranking  member, is currently holding a series of hearings on opioids. Last  month, I introduced, with Congressman Brett Guthrie of Kentucky, the  Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Centers Act, H.R. 5237. This legislation  would fund designated treatment centers where individuals will receive  comprehensive, patient-centered care for opioid addiction and other  substance abuse disorders. It is our intention to build model practices  for treatment and recovery that can be duplicated nationwide.   I am also working on legislation that would clarify the Food and Drug  Administration authority to consider potential for misuse and abuse  when assessing risks and benefits of controlled substances for  approval. Our expert agencies must have clear authority to consider the  potential harm of medical therapies and protect Americans if the harm  outweighs the benefits.   Federal programs like Medicaid, Medicare, and coverage through the  Affordable Care Act are critical in ensuring Americans struggling with  opioid abuse have access to treatment and recovery. The Kaiser Family  Foundation reported in February that nearly 4 in 10 adults under the  age of 65 with an opioid addiction received their coverage through  Medicaid. Any honest effort by Congress to address the opioid epidemic  must include measures to stabilize and strengthen health exchanges and  make coverage accessible for Americans who currently do not have health  insurance, including the 3 million Americans who lost their insurance  last year.   I ask for the Energy and Commerce Committee to come together and  agree on a package of bills that will affirmatively help Americans  struggling with opioid abuse and prevent abuse from happening. The  American people deserve nothing less.   