 Madam President, I rise to speak on a subject that our  colleagues know is very dear to my heart--America's space program.  Although this is the last of many, many floor speeches I have made on  the subject, I stand before the Senate with a heart that is full of  gratitude, joy, and hope for the future of our space program.   I have been extremely privileged to have witnessed and in some cases  to have participated in the extraordinary triumphs of our Nation's 60- year quest to explore the heavens. I flew to orbit and marveled at the  beauty, fragility, and seemingly peacefulness of Mother Earth, our  planet.   I had the honor of making that trip with one of the finest crews to  have ever flown in America's space program. There was CAPT Robert  ``Hoot'' Gibson, our commander, as well as Maj. Gen. Charlie Bolden,  Retired, our pilot, who flew five missions--four as commander. Of  course, General Bolden ultimately became the Administrator of NASA for  the entire time of the Obama administration. There was Dr. George  Nelson, otherwise known to all in the astronaut office as Pinky. There  was Dr. Steve Hawley, Dr. Franklin Chang-Diaz--the first Hispanic- American astronaut--and Bob Cenker, who was an engineer at the time  with RCA, which was the satellite that we launched while in orbit.   It was a profound and humbling experience that reinforced my belief  that we needed to not only be good stewards of our planet but that we  should always try to treat others with whom we may differ culturally,  ethnically, or socially with dignity, compassion, and respect.   In looking back at Earth from the window of a spacecraft, you don't  see political divisions, racial divisions, religious differences. You  don't see the suffering or the injustice that face those back home on  the planet. Instead, you quickly realize that we on this planet, our  planet Earth, are all in this together.   I have been filled with wonder over some of the greatest scientific  discoveries of our age--the discovery of the signs of water; the  discovery of, perhaps, even life on Mars; the discovery that our galaxy  is full of countless planets--many of them, very possibly, inhabitable;  and the discovery that our universe is being driven apart by mysterious  forces known as dark energy and is filled with a mysterious material  known as dark matter.   Along with my fellow Americans, I grieved when, tragically, we lost  two space shuttles and the brave astronauts aboard. I have grieved as  we have lost astronauts along the way, even in the Apollo 1 fire. I  grieved with America as we thought Apollo 13 was lost and how,  miraculously, in one of NASA's greatest success stories--with three  humans on the way to the Moon when the explosion occurred and not  having any idea how we could get them back--the whole NASA team came  together. The engineers, the mathematicians, the astronauts on the  ground, the controllers, and the contractors all devised a way to bring  back Jim Lovell's crew.   As everyone in NASA's family is keenly aware, navigating the heavens  is as dangerous now, if not more so, than the crossing of the oceans  was 100, 200, 300 years ago. Leaving the relative safety and comfort of  home to explore new frontiers is every bit as important now as it was  then. We must proceed with caution lest we foolishly put the lives of  the explorers at risk, but we must also proceed with courage lest we  risk remaining stuck on the ground.   I have also had the honor of collaborating with heroes like John  Glenn, Tom Stafford, and Neil Armstrong on the future of our space  program. I have been very proud to have played a little part in the  establishment of our thriving commercial space industry with the  drafting and passage of the Commercial Space Launch Acts of 1984 and  1988, back when I was a young Congressman, and to have witnessed the  rise of and contributions of present-day space entrepreneurs like Elon  Musk and Jeff Bezos.   At the same time, I appreciate the steady hand and transformative  contribution of the NASA leaders, like Charlie Bolden, Bill  Gerstenmaier, and Bob Cabana. I can't help but remember the guiding  hand of George Abbey--that was so strong--at the Johnson Space Center,  and I have celebrated the long overdue emergence of female superstars,  like Marillyn Hewson and Gwynne Shotwell, amongst the space industry  leadership.   It has been a pleasure working in Congress with a number of my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle to advance the space ambitions of  our country because, as I have said many times before, space is, and  should always remain, a nonpartisan issue. NASA is a nonpartisan  Agency.   I am also encouraged by NASA Administrator Bridenstine's leadership  in his early tenure at the helm of this Agency, and I wish him much  success. I applaud him for continuing to make good on his promises to  keep NASA out of partisan politics and to heed the advice of the  Agency's talented and experienced space professionals and scientists.   NASA is a unique Agency, the head of which is like the Department of  Defense. The Secretary of Defense is not looked upon as partisan;  neither is the Administrator of NASA.   I could not be more gracious and humbled to be here today and to tell  you, as we celebrate NASA's 60th birthday this year, our space program  has a spectacular and an exciting future. It is a future full of  opportunity, and it is a future that will require everyone--industry,  Congress, and the Agency, as well as our international partners-- pulling in the same direction to make it a reality.   If you go back a few years to 2010, Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison and  I recognized back then that we had set NASA's human space flight  program on its current dual path, to build private sector capabilities  in low-Earth orbit and a government-led program for deep space and,  ultimately, Mars. We recognized some of the misdirection and lack of  direction the space program  [[Page S7377]]  had; it needed direction. Once Kay Bailey Hutchison and I passed the  NASA authorization in 2010, that dual-path approach started to bear  fruit, including our recapturing of a majority of the global commercial  launch market--a market we had almost completely lost to overseas  competitors.   We are also constructing the building blocks of the systems that will  take us to Mars. In the last administration, President Obama said: We  are going to Mars. Within a year, we should have two different U.S.  vehicles safely transporting our astronauts to and from the  International Space Station, which will allow us to increase the number  of crew aboard the station and dramatically bolster our research there.  It is research that will ultimately help us on our journey to Mars with  humans.   I remain confident that we will continue to operate the ISS well past  the middle of the next decade. As a matter of fact, Senator Cruz and I  are still trying, in this Congress, to get the date for the  International Space Station extended to the end of the decade. It would  be foolish to dispose of the orbital laboratory--designated a national  laboratory, which is our toehold on the space frontier--just as it is  reaching the most productive period, and that is what it is doing in  its research on orbit.   There is still a lot more work to be done. We must focus our  technology investments to ensure that the journey to Mars is safe,  productive, and affordable. We need new propulsion systems to get us to  Mars faster. Those are in the stages of research right now. As we begin  conducting human missions farther and farther from Earth, we must  ensure that each activity gets us closer to achieving the goal--which  President Obama laid out for the decade of the 2030s--of ``boots on  Mars.''   We also need to prepare workers for the high-tech, good-paying jobs  of the 21st century. It has been one of my singular achievements to  have worked with other leaders in government and in industry to help  bring about the dramatic modernization of the historic launch  infrastructure at Cape Canaveral and the Kennedy Space Center.   All of these exciting developments would not have been possible  without the talent, dedication, and commitment of the thousands of  workers who poured their hearts and souls into the space shuttle and  the space station. That same dedication and pride of accomplishment  continue today with the building of new spacecrafts like Dragon,  Starliner, and Orion.   A few short years ago, business at the cape was much different than  it is today. Commercial launch companies were looking elsewhere to take  their business, despite all of the available infrastructure and the  amazing workforce on the Space Coast. Too much bureaucracy stood in the  way of progress.   To address the problem, I convened the top leaders from the Air  Force, NASA, and the FAA in Chairman Rockefeller's office. I brought an  aerial photo of all of the abandoned launch pads at the cape and got  their commitment to work together with the private sector to bring  these pads back to life. It is just amazing from that photograph to see  all of those launch pads--all of which the older generation will  remember gave so much inspiration to America in its early space days-- abandoned. They are now roaring back to life with launches and landings  on those very same pads.   I would be remiss if I didn't acknowledge, as I already have, Senator  Cruz and his leadership, along with many of my colleagues here, for  joining me in the fight to pass legislation to force the Agencies to  reduce the overlap and duplication in regulations. I am grateful to  have worked with so many to pave the way for the exciting future that  lies ahead for commercial space endeavors.   I thank the Appropriations Committee, and I thank the leadership of  the Appropriations Committee, including the Senator here on the floor,  the Senator from Vermont. The proof is in the pudding how, over the  years, they have provided the appropriations as we have brought NASA  back to life on this dual track of commercial launches, going to and  from low-Earth orbit, as well as exploring the heavens, which is NASA's  mission.   I can also say that proof is in the pudding of the space launches  coming back to life because Cape Canaveral hosted two-thirds of the  nearly 30 American launches last year. The day is fast approaching when  we will see multiple launches on the same day, as well as the largest,  most powerful rocket ever assembled lifting off from the launch pad,  beginning our journey to Mars.   Quite simply, jobs and ingenuity are soaring because rockets are  soaring. As go Florida's Space Coast and the Houston area, so goes the  U.S. space industry as a whole.   As we continue to move forward, it is also imperative that we  continue our world-leading science and aeronautics activities. NASA  pursues some of the most challenging and enduring questions facing  humanity: How does life come to exist? Are we alone? What is to become  of us and our planet? Engaging and empowering the U.S. science  community should remain a top priority, enabling us to find new  discoveries and to inspire and motivate future generations of  scientists and engineers.   History has shown us that the nations that cease to explore begin to  decline and collapse. It is our very nature, as Americans, to explore.  Would humanity still exist if humans had not spread from Africa, to  Asia, to Europe, to the Americas, and eventually to the remote reaches  of the Arctic and the isolated islands of Polynesia? Would we, as a  nation, have fulfilled our destiny if we did not push our frontier  forward? I think not. Will humanity still exist far in the future if we  choose to stop exploring now?   The cosmos offers us limitless opportunities to expand--not just to  survive but to thrive. Imagine the first baby boy or girl born away  from planet Earth. Imagine the first artist to paint a sunset on Mars.  Imagine our solar system inhabited by 100 billion dreamers, innovators,  and creators. Imagine a future where those people--perhaps the  grandchildren or great-grandchildren of those in primary school today-- look back on our era as the time when humanity began to journey  outward.   I believe that as we discover and experience the wonders of the  cosmos, we will achieve the greatest outcome of all. We will find that  our home planet Earth and all of the life and love that inhabits it  have become even more beautiful and all the more precious to us.   With that I say, resoundingly, onward and upward. As the command  given from the ground after the space shuttle has passed through  maximum dynamic pressure, as the main engines have throttled back and  the shuttle has ascended into the atmosphere and the mission can press  forward to orbit, the command is given: Go at throttle up.   I yield the floor.   