 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, today the Senate Judiciary Committee  continues its hearings on Judge Brett Kavanaugh's nomination to the  Supreme Court. During yesterday's session, the American people got to  see a nominee who refused to answer even the most basic, fundamental  questions about his jurisprudence. They got to see a coverup of Judge  Kavanaugh's records by himself and the Republican members of the  committee.   When Judge Kavanaugh was asked specific questions about important  issues that might someday come before a court, like women's  reproductive freedom, he pleaded the need for independence and refused  to answer. When Democratic Senators asked him hypothetical questions,  instead, to avoid the possibility of the judge tipping his hand on a  future case, then he said he wouldn't engage in hypotheticals--can't  talk about specific cases, can't talk about general situations. He is  ducking. He is hiding.   Judge Kavanaugh was asked how he might view the constitutionality of  a Presidential subpoena arising from the Mueller probe. He said he  could not tip his hand about a potential issue before the Court. Asked,  then, about the constitutionality of a Presidential subpoena in  general, he said he would not engage in a hypothetical. This is not a  hypothetical issue; this is a fundamental constitutional issue.   There is no legal, ethical, or judicial reason for Judge Kavanaugh to  avoid directly answering these questions unless he has something to  hide. If the nominee can't answer questions about already decided  cases, pending cases, or hypothetical cases, honestly, what is there  left to talk about--charity work and basketball? Your favorite  Federalist Paper?   How does the nominee expect the Senate and the public to evaluate  him? He doesn't. He doesn't want it. His lifelong record as a hard- right warrior, if he talked about it and talked about his views, would  rule him out, so he hides. That should not happen when it comes to  nominating one of the most powerful positions in American society.   Let me just mention a few topics Judge Kavanaugh ducked.   Judge Kavanaugh would not expand or even revisit his views on  Presidential power, where he already enumerated some in a Minnesota Law  Review article. As Senator Klobuchar pointed out, he has already talked  about them publicly. Why can't he elaborate? He has given his view on  that one. Very bad view. Does he still hold it? Nobody knows.   Judge Kavanaugh could not assure the American people he would uphold  the healthcare law, including protections for up to 130 million  Americans with preexisting conditions, protections that are under  threat right now by a lawsuit in Texas.   He could not assure the American people he would uphold the landmark  decision in Roe v. Wade. He did repeat a view, which he reportedly  shared with Senator Collins, that Roe v. Wade was settled precedent of  the Court, but as Judge Kavanaugh himself points out in a 2003 email  made public this morning, ``I am not sure that all legal scholars refer  to Roe as the settled law of the land at the Supreme Court level since  [the] Court can always overrule its precedent, and three current  Justices on the Court would do so.'' That is an email from Brett  Kavanaugh explaining that Roe vs. Wade is only settled law until a  majority of the Court decides it isn't.   Since the time he wrote that email, one more Justice has joined the  Court likely to overturn Roe. Judge Kavanaugh could be the deciding  vote, and he will not even talk about it. That is an issue that affects  all Americans. It is an issue that is so important to our  jurisprudence. It is an absolute disgrace that a nominee for the  Supreme Court refuses to talk about such a fundamental issue at the  core of one of the great debates of American society and hides behind  legal subterfuge, chicanery, so he doesn't have to speak--verbal  chicanery.   I wonder why the Republican majority labeled the email about Roe v.  Wade ``committee confidential'' until this morning. Was that email  withheld for privacy reasons? No. National security reasons? No. It is  ridiculous. The only explanation is that Judge Kavanaugh's record was  being withheld for political reasons. They don't want the American  people to see his view. If the American people knew that Judge  Kavanaugh would decide against Roe v. Wade, as it seems this email  feels he thinks he can, not bound by legal precedent if he changes his  mind, if the Court changes its mind, they would rise up and say: Don't  put him on the bench. So, instead, they hide the records.   My Republican colleagues set up an entire process to go around the  nonpartisan National Archives, and it appears that the purpose was to  hide documents that might shed real light on Judge Kavanaugh's actual  record.   Now, finally, a little late in the game, the truth is coming out, but  this is only the tip of the archives. These are the only documents that  have slipped through the Republican filter. What else is hidden in  Judge Kavanaugh's record? What else don't we know about the nominee?  When did the Republican majority decide that  [[Page S6043]]  Supreme Court nominees should be like icebergs, only a small portion  showing, while the real nominee lurks unseen underwater and potentially  dangerous?   So I strongly support and commend the Democrats on the Judiciary  Committee in their efforts to make these confidential documents public.  I stand with them. They did the right thing. The American people desire  to see these documents.   In this case, committee confidential is a complete fiction, a  subterfuge to avoid the American people knowing the real Brett  Kavanaugh. The members of the committee should be praised, not  chastised, for making these documents available. They did the right  thing, and they had an obligation to do it. The Republican members of  the committee should be ashamed of themselves--ashamed of themselves-- for participating in the administration and Judge Kavanaugh's coverup  of his record. The Senate and the American people have a right to see  the nominee's record, especially now, since the nominee appears  unwilling to answer substantive questions about his views.   Whatever the rules may be of the Senate, they should not be twisted  to ensure partisan advantage and prevent transparency and openness.  They should not be twisted to cover up the truth rather than reveal it.   There is so much at stake in this Supreme Court nomination. Will  Americans with preexisting conditions be able to get healthcare? Will  women be able to make private personal choices about their medical  care? Will LGBTQ Americans be able to marry whom they love? Will every  American's constitutional right to vote be protected? Can the President  of the United States be held accountable, especially at this time? We  know how much we need that. Yet, at every turn, the Republican  majority, the Trump administration, and Brett Kavanaugh have prevented  the Senate and the American people from being truly able to vet a  nominee who could affect the lives of Americans for a generation.   I yield the floor.   