 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, our Nation is suffering through a public  health crisis. Our Nation, our neighbors, our families--in fact, very  few among us can say that we have not been personally impacted by the  opioid crisis.   The scope is simply staggering; 116 lives are lost every day to  opioid overdose. There are 116 sons, daughters, husbands, wives,  siblings, and parents who will never come home again--116 lives ended  decades too soon, lost every day.   Substance abuse disorders do not discriminate. We feel this pain in  every region of our country--urban and rural areas and red and blue  States. We know there is no silver bullet that will end this crisis  overnight, but we do know how to fight it together, and that is what we  are doing today.   Tonight the Senate will pass the bipartisan Opioid Crisis Response  Act, and this body will show a unity of purpose that, frankly, I wish  we could show more often. As this important bipartisan legislation came  together, I worked closely with my colleague Senator Shelley Moore  Capito of West Virginia to make sure that our Nation's youth were not  left behind.   We know young adults are more than twice as likely to misuse  prescription opioid pain relievers as compared to adults. One in five  high school seniors knows where they can easily get heroin, and the  problem continues to escalate. In Michigan, the rate of opioid overdose  deaths among youth under 25 has doubled since 2012. These are empty  seats at the dinner table, in classrooms, and in workplaces.   When tackling a problem this large, we need to follow the data and  invest in what works, especially for adolescents and young adults.  Health experts, including the American Academy of Pediatrics, recommend  medication-assisted treatment, or MAT, as the gold standard for opioid  addiction treatment. While we need to continue investing in research,  completed studies have shown that youth treated with MAT are more  likely to reduce opioid misuse, injection drug use, continue their  medical care, and achieve long-term sobriety.   The research we have on using medication-assisted treatment to treat  adults is overwhelmingly positive and shows this course of treatment to  be safe and effective, especially in comparison to the life-threatening  risks faced by patients who go untreated. Research shows that  medication-assisted treatment has the power to cut the mortality rate  of opioid-addicted patients in half, if not more.   France instituted a strong MAT strategy in response to a heroin  epidemic in the 1990s. The death rate due to overdoses there decreased  by nearly 80 percent over the course of just 4 years.   Substance abuse disorders are not a personal or a moral failure; they  are a public health crisis brought on by chemical dependency. We are  fortunate that our doctors and researchers have developed medication  that can help end dependency and save lives, and we must get it to  patients who need it the most. It is troubling that many Americans  whose lives could be saved do not have enough access to these  medication-assisted treatments, and it is devastating that American  youth have hardly any access at all.   Currently, only about 1 in 12 youth who need treatment for an opioid  addiction actually receives it. A 2017 study found that one in four  adults in treatment for heroin received medication-assisted treatment.  While this sounds low, for adolescents the rate is less than 1 in 40.  Even for those who are fortunate enough to be in active treatment, MAT  is not being used widely.   Similarly, only one in eight adults in treatment for prescription  opioids receives medication-assisted treatment. For adolescents, it is  1 out of every 250. That is why the Peters-Capito provisions of the  Opioid Crisis Response Act are actually crucial. They will support the  identification and development of best practices for treating opioid  addiction among youth and point to MAT as a specific strategy.   In addition, Senator Capito and I successfully added a related  amendment to the appropriations bill that funds the U.S. Department of  Health and Human Services. It recently passed the Senate. The amendment  will require the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services  Administration to submit a report to Congress on what steps it takes to  support MAT. The agency specifically will also identify barriers they  must overcome to get medication-assisted treatment to eligible youth.   Young Americans coping with substance use disorders deserve every  opportunity to recover, to hold onto their future aspirations, and to  lead stable and fulfilling lives. We must continue working together at  every level of government as we combat this opioid crisis with  scientifically proven strategies, including for some of the youngest  lives at risk.   An important step in this response is getting these provisions across  the finish line. I urge my colleagues to act quickly to get this  legislation to the President's desk to be signed into law. I recognize  these provisions are just a start, but we are losing 116 lives every  day. We need to save as many as we can, as soon as we can.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   