 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment directs the Secretary of the Army  to consider water storage when carrying out a water resource  development feasibility study.   Section 109 requires the Secretary to consult with local governments  and integrate their water management plans when developing a water  resource development feasibility study. My amendment would include  consideration of water storage when developing these studies.   Water storage is an essential tool that many States use to take full  advantage of their water resources. In Florida, we receive over 50  inches of rain annually; however, we don't always get the rain where we  need it. Water may be moved for flood control or water supply.   For example, from November 1, 2017, through June 4, 2018, the South  Florida Water Management District moved approximately 151 billion  gallons of water from Lake Okeechobee to preserve optimal levels for  the ecosystem.   In my own congressional district, our water management district uses  water storage to maintain maximum levels in Lake Toho. Additionally,  these storage areas provide wetland habitat to many endangered species.  Water storage is important and should be a consideration when studying  water resources feasibility.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support for my amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment adds universities to the list of  entities the Secretary of the Army Corps of Engineers should consider  when submitting their report to Congress on the use of innovative  materials in water resource development projects.   Section 128 requires the Secretary of the Army to submit to Congress  a report that describes the activities of various entities involved in  the development of innovative materials for water development projects.  Currently, as written, the bill mentions centers of expertise,  technological centers, technical centers, research and development  centers, and other similar centers. Universities are often at the  cutting edge of research and, therefore, should be specified for  consideration in preparing the report.   While the current language could already include universities in the  category of ``other similar centers,'' such consideration would be  discretionary. As such, a relevant area of activity may not be  considered for the report because a single word was not added to the  text. As Members of Congress, we ask for reports and recommendations  from government entities so their expertise can be utilized in  assisting the legislative process. Here, the activities conducted at  universities should be considered so we can best capture the relevant  information on the testing, research, development, and identification  to best inform the Army Corps report and their congressional  recommendations to resources development projects.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support for my amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. Shuster for his support, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that my amendment be  modified by striking ``line 3'' and inserting ``line 2''.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would direct the GAO study in  section 130 to specifically consider trough bars, coastal wetlands, and  barrier reefs in their study on the feasibility of natural features  projects for the purposes of flood risk management, hurricane and storm  damage reduction, and ecosystem restoration.   Section 130 directs the Comptroller General to submit to the Congress  a study of consideration by the Corps of Engineers of natural features  and nature-based features in the study of the feasibility of projects  for flood risk management, hurricane and storm damage reduction, and  ecosystem restoration.   Specifically, one aspect of the GAO study of consideration in H.R. 8  asks for an assessment of the costs, benefits, impacts, and tradeoffs  associated with natural features and nature-based features, as well as  the effectiveness of such features.   My amendment specifies some of the natural features and nature-based  features that could and should be considered by adding the language:  ``(including trough bars, coastal wetlands, and barrier coral reefs)''.   In my home State of Florida, we are no stranger to the issue  associated with national features and the role they play in storm  damage reduction, especially after the devastating effects of last  year's hurricane season, but this is by no means a Florida-specific  issue. Hurricane Katrina and Superstorm  [[Page H4820]]  Sandy showed us firsthand what happens when natural flood protection  features do not exist.   This amendment would serve to highlight important natural  infrastructure options to the GAO study, namely, trough bars, coastal  wetlands, and barrier coral reefs were specified with storm damage  reduction concerns in mind. These natural structures buffer shorelines  against waves, storms, and floods, which help prevent loss of life,  property damage, and erosion.   For example, trough bars and sand dunes provide substantial  protection from storm-induced erosion. The larger the trough bar, the  more time it takes to be eroded by waves and the more protection it  provides areas further landward. Coastal wetlands lower flood heights,  filter floodwater, and protect from storm surges. Coral reefs reduce  wave energy by an average of 97 percent, dissipating disproportionately  more wave energy as wave energy increased. Taken together, these  natural features would reduce storm damage and are items that would be  specifically evaluated in the GAO study.   Mr. Chair, I urge support for my amendment, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Shuster for his support.   The technical amendment was advised to us by the Parliamentarian.   I thank the chairman again for his support.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment would direct the Secretary of  the Army to endeavor to inform all residential property stakeholders of  adjoining Army Corps of Engineers' interest in their adjacent property.   Section 137 of this bill would expand public access to residential  real estate data by placing information related to all real property  data that the Army Corps holds an interest in online. Not all  constituents have easy access to the internet.   Elderly constituents may not be able to easily search information  about Army Corps projects online. Thus, my amendment would expand  access to the real estate information by directing the Secretary of the  Army, to the maximum extent practicable, to endeavor to provide such  information to all adjoining residential stakeholders of real estate  with which the Corps holds an interest.   By informing residential stakeholders, we will ensure they are aware  of how Army Corps property interests might influence their property  values, the enjoyment of their property, or their way of life.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support for my amendment and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his  support, and I yield back the balance of my time.   