 Mr. President, as with many of my colleagues here today,  I stand before you to voice my deep concern over the nomination of Mike  Pompeo to be our next Secretary of State.   President Trump has tweeted about Senate Democrats that it is ``hard  to believe obstructionists may vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary  of State.'' Others have accused Democrats of playing politics, pointing  to past Secretary of State confirmation votes that have faced less  opposition in the Foreign Relations Committee and on the Senate floor,  but this inference that we simply should rubberstamp Secretary of State  nominees is misplaced.   Like all of my colleagues, I take my article II advice and consent  responsibility very seriously, so I would like to state why I oppose  Mr. Pompeo's nomination to be Secretary of State.   My opposition is not about politics. It really isn't about policy  either. While I disagree vehemently with many of Mr. Pompeo's positions  on issues such as human rights, climate change, and the Iran nuclear  deal, these differences alone are not enough to disqualify him or any  nominee, for that matter. Fundamentally, my opposition to Mr. Pompeo's  nomination is about whether he can credibly fulfill his duties as our  Nation's chief diplomat. Can he effectively and faithfully advocate for  American diplomacy at home and abroad?   In this regard, as one of my esteemed colleagues said while  introducing Mr. Pompeo before the Foreign Relations Committee, ``Your  background does matter.''   So this is what concerns me about Mr. Pompeo's past. Mr. Pompeo was  OK characterizing an Indian-American political opponent as ``just  another `turban topper' we don't need in Congress or any political  office that deals with the U.S. Constitution, Christianity and the  United States of America.'' With a viewpoint like that, how can he  credibly represent the millions of Indian Americans in the United  States? Equally important, how can the United States be viewed credibly  by India's 1.3 billion people, the world's largest democracy and a  critical American partner in promoting American values and ideals in  Asia in the face of a rising and ever more aggressive China? Sadly,  that display of intolerance wasn't Mr. Pompeo's only past offense.   Mr. Pompeo has suggested homosexuality is ``perversion,'' an  insinuation Mr. Pompeo ever so cleverly did not address when questioned  by my colleague Senator Booker. At the CIA, he also canceled a Pride  Month event which featured a discussion on the importance of diversity  and an appearance by the parents of Matthew Shepard, a young man  beaten, tortured, and left to die in Wyoming on account of his sexual  orientation. How can the United States stand with the LGBTQ people of  Chechnya who have been the victims of violence simply because of whom  they love if our Nation's top diplomat has disparaged who they are?   The offenses continue. Following the horrific Patriots Day marathon  in Boston, Mr. Pompeo falsely alleged that American Muslim leaders were  ``potentially complicit'' in violent acts for failing to speak out.  Under my questioning at the confirmation hearings, he refused to  apologize for these comments. Why was I concerned? It happened in  Boston. Why was I concerned? Because the Muslim leaders in Boston had  spoken out against that attack on our Nation on Patriots Day, on  marathon day in Boston.   Mr. Pompeo has said he disagrees with the characterization of his  comment, but there is nothing to characterize on the floor of the House  of Representatives. His comments disparaging Muslim leaders are part of  the public record.   How can Mr. Pompeo effectively represent America to Muslim leaders  around the world who are just as interested as we are in preventing  religiously motivated violence?   Mr. Pompeo now claims these statements were meant to demonstrate that  tackling extremism requires those who are the most credible voices to  take an unambiguous stand against violence. Well, as the Secretary of  State, Mr. Pompeo would be considered our most credible diplomatic  voice around the world. How could Muslim nations ever feel respected  when our top diplomat has voiced such unambiguous hate?   Mr. Pompeo cowrote an article on migrants that blamed Sweden's  ``radical'' immigration policy on ``political correctness.'' America  must be a leader in finding pathways to protect Syrians, Afghanis, and  Iraqis fleeing the death and destruction of war, in sheltering the  Rohingya seeking shelter from oppression in Burma, and in addressing  the countless other refugee crises roiling the globe and threatening  our collective security. That is not political correctness; that is our  moral responsibility.    America is a nation built by immigrants and refugees. Some 40 percent  of Fortune 500 companies were founded by immigrants or the children of  immigrants. Google, Tesla, Yahoo, Intel, and eBay are all companies  that were founded by immigrants. Given these past statements, could Mr.  Pompeo truly represent the interests of a nation made up of and built  by immigrants? I do not believe that he can.  [[Page S2422]]    In the fight against violent extremism, there is no more divisive  issue that erodes our ability to effectively cooperate with other  governments than the use of torture. Mr. Pompeo has said that he won't  rule out bringing back the abhorrent practice of waterboarding. A man  who has said that those who carried out such actions were ``not  torturers, they are patriots'' will not be able to credibly convey to  governments with histories of human rights abuses that these actions  are reprehensible with any semblance of moral authority.   Today, French President Emmanuel Macron addressed Congress and urged  us to rejoin the international community in the commitment to combating  climate change. He rightfully said that there is no planet B. But Mr.  Pompeo characterized the Paris negotiations as an ``elitist effort to  reduce the power of the United States economy,'' when, in fact, it was  a historic effort by almost every country in the world to tackle a  global challenge that will be an existential threat to every single  person on the planet.   I believe in American ingenuity, American enterprise, and American  leadership. I believe America must lead the world in solutions to this  generational challenge. But how can we expect Mr. Pompeo to lead the  Department of State in bringing greater peace, security, and prosperity  to the American people through international engagement if he does not  believe in U.S. leadership, if he does not believe that the United  States is necessary for solving global problems, especially global  warming?   Mr. Pompeo has too much to apologize for, too many statements to  retract or explain, and too many controversial positions to defend.   Of most concern are Mr. Pompeo's past statements suggesting that he  values military force over diplomacy even when diplomacy is a real  option.   While negotiations with Iran over its nuclear program were underway,  he argued that military strikes on Iran were preferable to diplomacy  and that ``it is under 2,000 sorties to destroy the Iranian nuclear  capacity. This is not an insurmountable task for the coalition  forces.''   Just a few weeks ago, under my questioning during his confirmation  hearing, he did not rule out a military solution in North Korea, which  would be disastrous for the 230,000 Americans who live on the Korean  Peninsula. There is no military solution to the North Korean nuclear  threat. Only through sustained diplomacy and economic pressure, in  close coordination with our allies, will we be able to negotiate  peaceful denuclearization of North Korea.   America's top diplomat should embody the best of America's values and  diplomatic traditions, not attack people's race, defend torture,  promote division, ignore human rights, propose military force as the  primary solution to our problems around the world, or reject solutions  to the climate change that is threatening our planet.   The President can choose his own Cabinet, yes, but the Senate must  advise and consent. No one wants to see the United States without a top  diplomat, especially at such an important time in world affairs, but  having a Secretary of State who has so thoroughly disqualified himself  from credibly doing the job is no better.   Yes, I see and respect the former soldier and Member of Congress, the  strong intellect who graduated first in his West Point class and edited  the Harvard Law Review, but I also see and hear Mr. Pompeo's past  comments and his more recent comments and positions that many who  support him are conveniently choosing to disregard. But we cannot do  that.   So I advise President Trump to choose a Secretary of State who  embodies the best of America's values and diplomatic traditions and  communicates them to the rest of the world, and I do not consent to the  nomination of Mr. Pompeo, who is not the person for this important  task.   Thank you, Mr. President.   