 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1 of rule XXII and by  direction of the Committee on Appropriations, I have a motion at the  desk.    Mr. Speaker, this is a necessary step to continue to move  the fiscal year 2019 appropriations process forward under regular  order.   On June 28, the House passed H.R. 6157, the FY 2019 Defense  Appropriations bill by a vote of 359-49. The Senate took up that bill  and added the Labor-HHS Appropriations bill and has now sent H.R. 6157  back to the House.   With the appointment of these conferees, the House and the Senate may  begin to resolve the differences with the goal of passing H.R. 6157  before the end of the fiscal year. As such, I strongly support this  motion.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the  previous question on the motion.   The previous question was ordered.   The motion was agreed to.   A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to instruct  conferees. As the House and Senate come together to find a path forward  on funding the Federal Government, we will, no doubt, be faced with  tough choices and fierce disagreements. But we agree that these two  bills, funding the Department of Defense and funding the Departments of  Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, are two of the most  important bills that we handle and, frankly, the two largest as well.  They deserve thorough consideration and fair discussion amongst the  conferees.   We are all committed to getting this done and getting this done  right. As we are currently doing with our first package of  appropriations bills, this conference committee will negotiate fairly  and respectfully to reach a final agreement on funding these critical  Defense and Labor-HHS programs.   I want to remind the body that, of course, we have done this before.  We have begun in different places, and, to my friend's credit, we have  worked together, have found common ground three times in a row, and  have been able to support the final bill. It certainly would be my hope  that we are able to do that again.   So I just want people in the conference committee to feel free to  bring up any topics that they think are important, and that we have a  free and full discussion, and, hopefully, work ourselves to a  resolution.   I urge my colleagues to reject the motion to instruct conferees, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close if my friend is  prepared to close.    Correct.   Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I want to begin by thanking my friends. They always bring interesting  points to the floor, particularly the ranking member of the full  committee, but also my friend Mr. Scott. I just want to assure them  that, when we sit down to bargain, we will bargain in good faith, and  all these things will--and I think appropriately should be--on the  table and open for a fair discussion.   I do point out to the body that, frankly, when we have done this  before, we have been able to find common ground and been able to arrive  at a final solution that had substantial bipartisan support for the  last 3 years. I am confident that we can do that again this year and,  frankly, it is very much my hope that we can do it before the end of  the fiscal year.   I think that is important that the domestic programs that we fund in  the Labor-HHS bill, which my friend, the ranking member of the  subcommittee, so ably advances and defends, that we do that without  having a continuing resolution, something that interrupts the progress.  That is even more important in the area of defense, that we avoid a  continuing resolution.   So I think there will be considerable goodwill on both sides and a  considerable effort to come together in common ground.   Having said that, I continue to oppose instructions to the committee  because the conferees have proven before they can work together to  produce a product. It is my hope that we will be able to do that.   So I urge the body to reject the effort to instruct the conferees,  and I invite my friends, as I know they will, to sit down in good faith  to work with us to arrive at a bill that both sides of the rotunda and  both parties can support in substantial numbers.   I look forward to that process with my good friend the ranking member  from Connecticut and, obviously, with my good friend the full committee  ranking member as well. I have every confidence that, working together  in good faith, as we have in the past, we will get to a place that we  both can be pleased with, if not perfectly satisfied with.   Mr. Speaker, I urge rejection of the instruction, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   