 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, first, I want to add my comments to those  by my friend from Florida, Senator Rubio, about China.   I remember years ago, when I was helping to lead the opposition to  China's admission into the World Trade Organization, when American CEOs  came to this body and said one after another to Members of Congress  that they wanted access to billions of Chinese consumers when what they  really wanted was access to hundreds of millions of Chinese workers.  U.S. companies, as part of a business plan, consistently shut down  production, whether it was in the Florida Panhandle or whether it was  in Northeast Ohio, and moved those productions overseas. They enriched  that Communist government and gave China the wherewithal that Senator  Rubio talks about now.   That is the importance of the CFIUS legislation we did yesterday in  the Banking Committee that Senator Crapo, Senator Van Hollen, and I  worked on. It is the importance of many of the issues that Senator  Rubio raised, so I thank my colleague from Florida.   Mr. President, I rise to oppose the nomination of Brian Montgomery.  He has been nominated by the President to serve in the U.S. Department  of Housing and Urban Development as an Assistant Secretary of Housing  and as the Federal Housing Commissioner.   If confirmed, Mr. Montgomery would oversee the Federal Housing  Administration, the FHA, which insures loans for homeowners,  multifamily rental buildings, and healthcare facilities originated by  HUD-approved mortgage lenders; oversees HUD's Housing Counseling  Program; and provides rental assistance for over 1.2 million low-income  seniors, individuals with disabilities, and families.   We are considering this nomination at a time when the Nation faces  all kinds of housing challenges. Thanks to a deep shortage of  affordable rental housing--think about this--a quarter of all renters,  of all households, are paying more than half of their incomes for  housing. That means, if anything goes bad in their lives--if their cars  break down on the way to work or if their children are sick, and they  have to decide to send their children to school anyway or to stay home  and lose a day's pay and get behind on their rent--then everything will  go bad for them.   Far too many creditworthy borrowers still struggle to access  sustainable credit in the mortgage market, particularly in communities  of color. In February, the Center for Investigative Reporting released  data showing that people of color were far more likely--in some cases,  more than five times as likely--to be denied conventional mortgages.  They found this data in 61 metropolitan areas around the country. It is  not limited to only a few places.   Mr. Montgomery, in his having served previously in the position for  which he has been nominated, would bring both valuable experience and  an appreciation for the importance of the programs he would lead if he  is confirmed. He has spoken about the value of the FHA as both a  responsible engine of homeownership and a countercyclical tool to  ensure that mortgage credit remains available. He has also supported  the Office of Housing's affordable housing program. That is the good  news.   The bad news is that I am concerned that Mr. Montgomery, in the  interest of making the FHA a better partner to the mortgage industry  after having served in the industry as a board member or adviser, will  lose sight of the interests that FHA and consumers have. Following his  previous tenure at HUD, Mr. Montgomery cofounded a consulting firm that  provided a range of services to financial services companies, services  that included helping FHA participants minimize penalties from HUD  enforcement actions. He also sits on the boards of companies whose  businesses could be affected by FHA and Federal housing policies.   Perhaps more troubling is that Mr. Montgomery has stated concerns  about ``excessive'' Federal enforcement efforts against mortgage  lenders in the years following the mortgage crisis, including pursuing  claims under the False Claims Act.   In late last year, the Trump administration's Department of Justice  noted ``the False Claims Act serves as the government's primary civil  remedy to redress false claims for government funds and property'' and  further noted that recoveries under the act are ``a message to those  who do business with the government that fraud and dishonesty will not  be tolerated.''   The False Claims Act was cited in several post-crisis Federal  enforcement actions, including a $1.2 billion settlement with Wells  Fargo in 2016 and in a 2014 settlement with JPMorgan Chase for  ``knowingly originating and underwriting noncompliant mortgage loans  submitted for insurance coverage and guarantees'' at the FHA.   Obviously, fraud has no place in FHA programs. However, without a  strong  [[Page S2854]]  signal that fraud and dishonesty will not be tolerated, some lenders  who don't play by the rules will, once again, push the envelope with  damaging effects to families and taxpayers.   I hope that Mr. Montgomery proves me wrong and that under his  leadership, HUD will emerge as a strong advocate for consumers and  affordable housing and assisted families. It is hard for me to believe  that, though, when you look down the street at the White House, and the  White House, frankly, looks like a retreat for Wall Street executives  and those connected to those financial interests.   Consumers and families need an advocate at HUD. So far, the  administration's response to our rental housing shortage, unbelievably  enough, has been to propose the slashing of billions from housing  programs and the raising of rent on low-income, HUD-assisted families,  seniors, and people with disabilities. After all, as the HUD Secretary  said--after giving this tax cut where 80 percent of the tax cut, of the  $1-plus trillion, went to the richest 1 percent of people in this  country--they had to make cuts to the cleanup of Lake Erie, which  Senator Klobuchar and I care so much about; they had to make cuts in  Head Start; and they had to propose raising the eligibility age for  Social Security and Medicare. They had to make these cuts. That was  part of the deal of a tax cut for the rich. So it is just a little hard  for us to buy in to some of their reasoning.    The administration has been dismantling consumer protections and  eroding fair housing enforcement at HUD and the CFPB. Just yesterday,  Congress passed legislation making it harder to detect and protect  against violations of fair housing laws, particularly reverse  redlining, as if we didn't deal with that issue decades ago. We all  should come to agreement that redlining is wrong. It devastated  borrowers and communities during the crisis, and it hasn't gotten a  whole lot better.   I hope Mr. Montgomery, when he is confirmed, will use his office to  advocate for housing solutions that work for our families and our  communities. These matters are far too important for too many Americans  to do otherwise.   I oppose his nomination. I hope I am wrong. I hope he actually does  the things that someone in that position at HUD should do.   I yield the floor.   