 Mr. Speaker, as you know--I think everyone knows this  much--much of the land in the Western States is controlled by whom? The  Federal Government.   In my own home State of Utah, about two-thirds of the land is owned  and controlled by the Federal Government. Because States cannot tax  this Federal Government land, it means that about two-thirds of the  land in Utah cannot be taxed.   This, as you can imagine, presents enormous challenges for Western  States when they are trying to raise sufficient funds for things like  public education.   Recognizing this challenge, Congress made sizable land grants to the  Western States, but it was based on the condition that granted lands be  held in trust and used to generate revenue for education and other  worthy causes.   Since the time State lands trust grants were made, large areas of the  West have been designated for Federal protection. This has resulted in  these trust lands being encapsulated inside federally protected lands,  creating land management conflicts that are just enormous and very  difficult to overcome.   Once again, the end result is that you have reduced revenues for our  children in Utah, and we have a challenge finding sufficient revenue to  educate them. It is clearly in the best interest of States and the  Federal Government to transfer ownership of some of these trust lands  to the Federal Government in exchange for less sensitive and revenue- generating lands transferred to the State.   This truly is bipartisan, a win-win, and not difficult to see that  everyone is better off by this. Land exchanges between States and the  Federal Government have become very expensive and time-consuming. That  is why my bill advancing conservation and education creates a  streamlined mechanism for transfer of lands between States and the  Federal Government.   As I said, this bill truly is a win-win, and it proves to the people  on all sides that we can come together and that we can solve some of  these very complex land issues.   So, again, I want to thank my friend from Colorado (Mr. Polis) for  working with me on this important legislation. I would also like to  thank the Wilderness Society, SITLA, and others who have worked to make  this possible.   If you are a conservationist, if you are an educator, if you are a  legislator on either side of the aisle, this is something that most of  us agree is helpful and positive for the Federal Government and also  for the children in Utah.   