 Mr. President, as I rise for my 220th ``Time to Wake  Up'' climate speech, there is abundant evidence that meaningful action  on climate change in the United States is unlikely. We have a President  who, against all the evidence, claims that climate change is a Chinese  hoax. This is the same President who announced last year that he was  pulling the United States out of the international Paris Agreement.   This is the same President who installed the theatrically corrupt  Scott Pruitt, who owed his entire political career to the fossil fuel  industry, to lead, of all things, the Environmental Protection Agency.  When Pruitt's endless string of scandals finally proved too much even  for this epically swampy administration, President Trump then made a  coal industry lobbyist the Acting EPA Administrator.   The fundamentally rotten bargain at the heart of today's Trump  politics is that his party is essentially bankrolled by the fossil fuel  industry. This is why you see Republicans seeking to freeze voluntary  fuel economy and greenhouse gas emissions standards for cars. If  consumers pay more at the pump to fill up, fine--what matters is that  the oil companies get to keep pumping.   This is why the Republican Clean Power Plan doesn't really reduce  carbon emissions. In fact, the EPA's own numbers show that the  replacement plan will result in poorer health for Americans, including  1,400 additional deaths a year, but what matters is that the coal  companies sell coal.   Republicans even plan to weaken standards on methane leaks. It  doesn't matter that methane is an extremely potent greenhouse gas. What  matters is that the oil and gas industry doesn't have to spend any  money to prevent those leaks.   So there is lots of evidence that meaningful action on climate change  in this country is unlikely. Yet on Friday I attended the Global  Climate Action Summit, organized by California Governor Brown, to keep  up progress reducing carbon emissions and fighting the effects of  climate change.   At the summit, States, cities, Provinces, and companies from around  the world--indeed, foreign nations--made new announcements about  climate change and to reduce carbon emissions. Governor Brown himself  signed a law requiring 100 percent of California's electricity to be  carbon-free by 2045 and committed that California would be carbon- neutral by the same year. Plus, there is that satellite to measure  carbon emissions.   New Jersey announced plans to install more than 3,000 megawatts of  offshore wind.   States and cities in India announced plans for thousands of electric  buses,  [[Page S6211]]  cool roofs, and solar-equipped public buildings.   IKEA, the furniture store, announced that all of its delivery  services will be zero emissions by 2025.   That is just a small sample of the new commitments--evidence of the  determination of Governors, mayors, CEOs, investors, and NGOs to combat  climate change despite the failure of Republican leadership in  Washington.   But if we are to have any hope of keeping global warming under 2  degrees Celsius--or better yet, 1.5 degrees--we are going to need  leadership here. We are going to need a Federal price on carbon. That  is why last week's announcement from the Climate Leadership Council was  so important. The CLC has been working with former Republican  Secretaries of State George Shultz and James Baker and former Treasury  Secretary Hank Paulson for a $40-per-ton carbon fee and return all of  the money raised by that carbon fee to American families in the form of  a dividend. This plan shares a lot of similarities with the American  Opportunity Carbon Fee Act, which I introduced with Senator Schatz of  Hawaii. The CLC plan is supported by many corporations, business  leaders, and former Republican officials.   Last week, the CLC announced that its $40-per-ton carbon fee would  result in emissions reductions substantially better than our present  national targets. The CLC also found that 56 percent of Americans-- including majorities of Democrats, Independents, and Republicans-- support it. Seventy-one percent of millennials support a carbon fee,  which shows that carbon pricing is coming. The only question is how  soon. Americans intuitively understand that it makes sense to impose a  fee on something we want less of, whether it is carbon emissions or  cigarettes. When the revenues from those fees are returned to the  American people, it is better still.   Last week's climate summit featured a discussion on carbon pricing  organized by the business community. The fossil fuel industry and its  array of front groups will, of course, attack any effort to put a price  on carbon emissions. So having companies like Gap, Exelon, Pacific Gas  and Electric, and Steelcase speak out in favor of carbon pricing was a  good start. When the business community shows broad-based support for  carbon pricing, it will be very difficult to argue that it is bad for  business, but let's remember that the fossil fuel companies bring heavy  artillery to this fight.    Washington State has a carbon fee ballot initiative right now, which  has provoked Big Oil to spend $20 million to defeat that initiative,  including companies that claim they support a carbon price. Among the  donors are BP, Phillips 66, and others that have contributed over $3  million each to oppose the carbon price initiative. So against that Big  Oil blowback, it would sure be nice if Washington State's corporate  leaders stood up on this.   Starbucks, after all, has a whole web page about climate change and  has committed to purchasing 100 percent renewable energy. Amazon has a  web page on its efforts to reduce its carbon footprint, and it, too, is  aiming to go to 100 percent renewable.   Jeff Bezos, one of the world's richest people, is investing in clean  energy, along with another corporate icon of Washington State,  Microsoft's Bill Gates. In fact, Microsoft is hard at work reducing  carbon emissions in its operations. It even has an internal carbon  price to encourage reductions in carbon pollution.   Boeing has a web page cataloging its efforts to combat climate change  by making its airplanes more efficient.   So where are they when it comes to their own home State's plan to  actually do something about climate change? As we have seen so often  here in Washington, DC, as well, it is radio silence. The interesting  thing is that Big Oil is actually tiny compared to Microsoft, Amazon,  Starbucks, Boeing, and the rest of the tech companies, Wall Street  banks, insurance companies, consumer goods companies, retailers, and  food and beverage companies that all claim to care about climate  change--tiny.   The difference is that Big Oil shows up. It shows up here in  Congress. It funds its armada of front groups and trade associations  and phony think tanks to steer Republicans here in Congress away from  anything limiting carbon pollution, just like it is showing up right  now in Washington State to kill an initiative that would limit carbon  pollution.   Here is the problem: The good guys aren't showing up. They don't show  up here in Congress, and they are letting Big Oil outgun them even in  Washington State. In my experience, if you don't show up to the game,  you don't win. It is as simple as that.   That is the message I took to last week's summit. I truly appreciate  business leaders who talk about the dangers of climate change and the  value of carbon pricing. I truly appreciate business leaders who work  on reducing carbon emissions within their corporate footprint. But it  also matters what you do in the public arena. Show up to fight for the  policy you already espouse. Show up here in Congress and in Washington  State. Challenge Big Oil rather than forfeit the game before it even  begins. This is a fight. There are hydraulics in politics. If no one  pushes back, the only team on the field will win.   Well, we can't keep having the fossil fuel industry win this fight  because we will all be losers in their win. We have to win, but to do  that, we will need companies talking a good game to actually show up on  game day.   It is not just time to wake up. It is time to show up.   I yield the floor.   