 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Dunn, my fellow Floridian, a  great Member of Congress, and also my good friend Mr. Walz, who has  done an outstanding job over the years supporting our veterans. I also  thank Mr. Walz for his service.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 4830, the  Servicemembers Improved Transition through Reforms for Ensuring  Progress Act, or the SIT-REP Act, which will hold student veterans  harmless from bureaucratic red tape and delays at higher education  institutions at the VA.   I am proud of the work my colleagues and I conducted on the Veterans'  Affairs Committee last year to pass the Harry W. Colmery Veterans  Education Assistance Act, or the Forever GI Bill. This historic  legislation expanded access to education and improves and modernizes  the GI Bill for our veterans.   This is one of the reasons, Mr. Speaker, we came to Congress: to do  something like this, to help our veterans get their education.   In our committee hearings on implementation of the Forever GI Bill,  we heard concerns about the delays in processing of tuition payments  between the schools and the VA. I also had roundtables in my district  with veterans, and this was a concern of theirs.   So while the average timelines for processing these benefits are 25  days for new claims and 9 days for supplemental claims, oftentimes the  processing timelines spike higher at the beginning of each school year  upon a surge in claims.   We heard concerns from our VSO stakeholders--I thank them--regarding  delayed payments resulting from either slow VA processing or a mistake  or tardiness by the school certifying official. In some cases, the  delays meant schools putting a hold on a student's  [[Page H4256]]  account or forcing the student to begin payment of tuition and fees on  a payment plan until they received money from VA.   My bill, the SIT-REP Act, would give the Secretary the authority to  disapprove courses of education for the GI Bill unless the educational  institution adopts a policy ensuring that it will not impose a fee on  the veteran or deny the veteran's access to education. This policy  would be applied for the first 90 days of the school term.   The SIT-REP Act is a commonsense bill that protects student veterans  and their families who, through no fault of their own, are denied  access to education because the school made a mistake or the VA made a  late payment. It is not the veteran's fault, and they should not be  punished for the actions of others.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to join me in support of my  practical and bipartisan legislation, which will help ensure our  student veterans have full access to the educational benefits they have  earned and deserve. I hope that the Senate takes up this bill quickly.   Again, I urge passage of this great bill. We have got to get it to  the President's desk as soon as possible.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the committee staff as well. They did a great  job on this bill.   