 Mr. President, we have been seeing a lot in the news  lately about the American economy, and it is very good news.   Last Friday, the Wall Street Journal had an article with the headline  ``Youth Unemployment Hits 52-Year Low''--a 52-year low. For people  between the ages of 16 and 24, this is the best job market we have had  since 1966. The article went on to say that ``more opportunities are  available to some groups that historically have struggled to find  jobs.'' People are getting opportunities because the American economy  is booming. Since President Trump was elected, we have gotten more than  4 million additional Americans working. The economy grew at a rate of  more than 4 percent last quarter. The Atlanta branch of the Federal  Reserve is predicting that we are going to have another 4-percent  growth this quarter. People are seeing the effect of the booming  economy in their paychecks and in their lives. Average wages were up  more than 3 percent last year.   You look at all of the good news, and it is no wonder that confidence  is going through the roof. Small businesses are now much more  optimistic than they have been since 1983. They are hiring, they are  expanding, they are raising wages, and they are much more confident  about the future.   It is all happening because of the Republican policies and the  Republican priorities we have been putting in place. It is what happens  when you have a President who puts the needs of the people first  instead of the desires of unelected, unaccountable, heavyhanded  Washington bureaucrats.   When President Trump took office, one of the first things he did was  to put Washington on a regulation diet. He said that America was again  open for business. What does all that mean? What happened? In the Trump  administration's first year, they issued 3 new regulations and they cut  67 regulations. Three regulatory actions and 67 deregulatory actions-- that is a ratio of 22 to 1. It is in favor of cutting redtape,  eliminating regulations, and cutting the amount of paperwork people  have  [[Page S5887]]  to fill out. Nobody has ever seen anything like this. Working with this  Senate and this House, this administration has been streamlining,  simplifying, and striking out regulations from the very beginning, and  we are not slowing down. When you add it all up, it amounts to about  $14 billion in savings since the start of the Trump administration.   Republicans in Congress have been doing our part as well. We know  that the reason America's economy had been struggling for so long was  because it was being strangled by all of the redtape that comes out of  Washington. So we used the authority of Congress to roll back major  regulations that were harming our economy, burdensome to industries in  our communities and in our States, punishing to people who are just  trying to do their jobs. We cut 16 unnecessary, burdensome rules and  saved Americans $36 billion in the process.   If you combine what the President has done and what we have done in  Congress by passing the Congressional Review Act, Republicans have  saved Americans $50 billion and over 16 million hours of filling out  needless paperwork.   Of course, Republicans also passed the biggest tax cut in 36 years.  That is the other big thing Republicans have done to get the American  economy booming. Every Democrat in the Senate voted against the tax cut  that Republicans passed. This tax relief bill, and now the law, gave  people an immediate boost in their take-home pay. Millions of Americans  also got bonuses and raises because of the law.   Because Republicans have cut regulations and cut taxes, America has a  strong, healthy, and growing economy today.   The Congressional Budget Office recently came out with a new report.  They looked at the numbers for the first 10 months of the fiscal year  we are now in. They looked at the rising wages, the rising employment,  and the falling unemployment--all of those things--and they said that  those are big reasons why revenue for the Federal Government coming in  from the workers of the country is actually $26 billion higher than it  was at this point last year.   More money is coming in. Well, how do you do that? By cutting taxes.  How do you get more money to come in? Well, because more people are  working and more people are getting higher wages. All of those things  are leading to increased revenue coming into the government because of  the fact that we cut taxes. When you cut taxes, you turn the economy  loose. You turn it loose to create jobs. Good things happen. The  economy grows. More people find work. More people get raises. More  people get more money in their pockets--they can decide if they want to  save it or spend it or invest it and how they want to do it--and  revenue goes up as well.   Republicans want to keep going with more of these policies that have  worked so well to spur the economy. We want to do more to help the  economy create jobs and help people keep more of what they earn. I  think that is what the American people want as well. That is what I  hear about in Wyoming every weekend.   What do Democrats in Washington want? Well, they seem to want the  exact opposite. That is the way they vote, and that is what they have  been saying.   Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts actually introduced  legislation last week that would create an entirely new government  bureaucracy. Republicans are trying to rein in the bureaucrats;  Democrats are trying to give bureaucrats more power. This new  Democratic plan would give Washington more power to control how  American businesses operate. It would take away the freedom of the  owners and the executives of these companies to create jobs, to serve  their customers, and to grow the economy. According to this  legislation, the government ought to make that decision. Democrats are  clearly hoping that this will become the new and latest liberal litmus  test. It would be an absolute disaster, just like all of the other  plans that we heard from the Democrats that they are trying to put in  place.   It is like the Democrats' plan--they claim they want to raise taxes.  I mean, that is actually what Nancy Pelosi, the former Speaker of the  House, said Democrats would do if they took back Congress. She said: We  would raise taxes.   One very prominent Democratic leader and Governor of one of the major  cities said on television: We are not going to make America great  again. He actually went on to say that America ``was never that  great.'' That is what the Democratic mayor of New York said last week.   There are some very big differences between Democrats and  Republicans. Republicans want policies that put more money in the  pockets of hard-working people. That is what we want--more money in the  pockets of hard-working American families. Republicans want policies  that take more control out of Washington and let the decisions be made  back at home in the hands of the States and the towns and families.  Democrats seem to want to raise taxes and raise barriers to the  economy.   We are coming up on Labor Day, and I hope Democrats in Washington and  around the country will embrace the policies that will actually help  create jobs. I hope Democrats will embrace the policies that are  helping young people find work at the highest rate in 52 years. I hope  Democrats will embrace the policies that are actually raising wages for  American families. I hope Democrats will recognize that America is a  great country, and it is getting better every day.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   