 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Waters for yielding.   I want to begin by recognizing the good work of the ranking member  and the chairman and their staffs in compiling this capital formation  package. I want to compliment the legislative skill shown by the  ranking member and her staff in securing minority bills in this  package, which I recognize involved a lot of give and take.   We are a long ways from where this Chamber was a little over 13  months ago when we voted in a very partisan manner on the Financial  CHOICE Act. I am proud to support this package which contains a number  of priorities which I supported in committee and on the floor.   I worked on two of these bills with my colleagues, Congressmen Hill  and Hultgren. While I know that there are many others who contributed  to this package, I want to thank in particular Katelynn Bradley, Katy  Strohmaier, and Lisa Peto of the ranking member's staff for helping  draft these amendments that led to unanimous support for these two  bills in committee.   First, the Options Markets Stability Act would direct the banking  regulators to write rules to provide far more accurate circulations of  counterparty credit risk for options and derivatives. Under the current  exposure method used today, banks that centrally clear trades today on  behalf of their clients must hold capital against the total notional  value of any positions without regard for the way hedges offset risk.   This bill directs the regulators to implement a framework that  incentivizes central clearing of options and derivatives, which is a  major part of our response in the Dodd-Frank bill that has provided  financial stability for the last 8 years.   The second bill is the Cooperate With Law Enforcement Agencies and  Watch Act. This bill creates a safe harbor for financial institutions  and money service businesses from the Bank Secrecy Act so long as they  have a letter from law enforcement asking for a specific account to be  kept open. Law enforcement agencies often send these letters so that  they can follow the money and obtain crucial evidence in  investigations. This bill will encourage bank cooperation with these  letters which are otherwise optional because it eliminates a situation  of technical noncompliance.   Other provisions in this package will improve transparency in markets  which drives investor demand from around the world.    Other provisions in this bill will simply make our  capital markets work better.   I applaud the bipartisanship of the ranking member and the chairman,  and I look forward to further improvements in the regulatory landscape  as our markets evolve.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill.   