 Mr. Speaker, California and the West, as has become all  too frequent, have experienced devastating fires this year. The loss of  life and damage to property has been immense, and we are just partially  through the fire season.   Our firefighters, in particular, whether they are U.S. Forest  Service, Cal Fire, volunteers, contractors, or municipal, have worked  hard and sacrificed to protect the communities and resources, such as  the firefighters I saw in northern California all the way up from Los  Angeles County.   At the peak of California's summer fires, there were more than 14,000  firefighters from 17 States joined in this effort. The work is brutal.  It is hot, smoky, tiring, and there are few breaks, if any. These  recent fires took a heavy toll on these men and women.   In July, the Ferguson fire took the lives of Braden Varney and  Captain  [[Page H8158]]  Brian Hughes, both killed while battling flames near Yosemite National  Park.   Later that month, the Mendocino Complex fires, on record as the  largest wildfire in our State's history, burning more than 459,000  acres, took the life of Battalion Chief Matthew Burchett from Utah, who  died after he was injured while working on an active portion of the  Ranch fire.   The Carr fire in my district was one of the most severe fires our  State has ever seen. It devastated 229,000 acres, destroying nearly  1,100 homes, and took the lives of eight people, including three  firefighters and one utility lineman: Jeremy Stoke, Don Smith, Andrew  Brake, and Jay Ayeta.   This fire was so large and hot that it created its own weather  system, including a fire tornado the size of three football fields with  winds up to 165 miles an hour created by the fire, leaving families  with little time to find their way through bottleneck traffic to  safety.   Tragically, the fast-growing flames entrapped four residents unable  to escape their homes in time, including Daniel Bush of Keswick, as  well as Melody Bledsoe and her two great-grandchildren, James and Emily  Roberts.   As the flames continued, more than 5,000 firefighters and emergency  personnel put their lives on the line battling the fire, at times  working more than 24-hour shifts.   Some of these individuals, as local residents, lost their own homes  in the flames, yet they spent weeks protecting others. The courage of  these men and women in some of the darkest times of these affected  areas will long be remembered.   I thank my colleagues from California, together today for our support  of each other. We have all felt this each in our own way as still more  fires rage on right now throughout our State.   Mr. Speaker, I now ask that the House observe a moment of silence for  all of those who lost their lives in these terrible fires and to stand  in solidarity with the many individuals who are now starting the long,  painful process of rebuilding their lives.   