 Mr. Chairman, I rise today to support H.R. 2 and the  accompanying manager's amendment.   I appreciate the chairman's leadership on this effort, not only in  the underlying bill but the amendment to improve upon it. I thank the  gentleman for including my food access liaison provision in the  amendment.   Just briefly: This individual will be tasked with coordinating USDA  programs aimed at improving Americans' access to quality food and  providing technical assistance to community leaders who are working to  improve the lives of those living in food deserts. This is a small  measure of progress that we can all be proud of and continue our work  to ensure folks have access to healthy and nutritious foods.   However, I would be remiss if I didn't mention that access to healthy  and nutritious food relies on the food security system, the strong food  security system provided by this farm bill. And I thank the chairman  for his leadership in that regard.   As we will soon vote on amendments, I urge my colleagues to remember  the importance of a strong food security system for all of our  commodities, whether that be under the ARC program or the PLC program  for crops such as rice, soybeans, and corn or the current sugar  program. If we pick apart our commodity programs one by one, we will  create giant holes in our Nation's food security system. This  compromises our national security and hinders our ability to provide  healthy, nutritious food, not just to rural communities that produce  the food but to urban areas and, in fact, the entire Nation and beyond.   Mr. Chair, again, I want to thank the chairman for his diligence and  leadership on this issue, and not only in regard to the commodity title  but certainly the nutrition title, to our vice chairman and chairman of  the Nutrition Subcommittee, G.T. Thompson, for his diligence as well.  And I appreciate the work on the part of our Agriculture Committee.    Mr. Chairman, where do I begin? I guess it was JFK who  said the farmer is the only businessman who--I think he said it this  way--who buys retail, sells wholesale, and pays freight both ways.   So we are comparing apples and oranges here with a business that is,  say, I don't know, an accountant maybe--I don't know, Mr. Chairman--and  a farmer. Farming is inherently risky, so that is not even debatable.   The issue we have here, though, is is it worth it to us as a nation  to make an investment in our national security?   Our ability to feed ourselves is absolutely crucial to our national  security, number one. Number two, we support our farmers at a fraction  of what the rest of the world does, and so we get much better value,  much better return on investment.   I think the disposable income of an average American is somewhere in  the 12 percent range, what we spend on food; and if you think about and  compare it to, say, in Europe where they are upwards of 20 percent and  Japan in the 25 percent range of their disposable income, we get a much  better return, much, much better value to the taxpayer.   