 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to bring attention  to suicide prevention, an issue of tremendous importance to families  and communities across Indiana and our country.   The Senate will be introducing a resolution very soon recognizing  suicide as a serious public health problem and expressing support for  designation of September as National Suicide Prevention Month.   Every year, we lose nearly 45,000 Americans to suicide. It is the  10th leading cause of death in this country and second leading cause  for those ages 15 to 34. Think about that for a moment: 45,000 lives  every year, 123 lives every day, 1 life every 12 minutes.   The American Foundation for Suicide Prevention champions the message:  ``Be The Voice . . . Stop Suicide.''   Whether we are Senators or family or friends or coworkers or even  strangers, we can all play a role in helping to prevent suicide. We all  must ``be the voice.''   So what is our voice?   Formally recognizing Suicide Prevention Month is a start, and I am  proud to have cosponsored that resolution. Yet it can't just be about a  day or a week or a month on which we pause to reflect. This is a  heartbreaking challenge for our communities, and we must be working  year-round and across the aisle--there are no Democrats or Republicans  in this--to find the solutions that provide Americans with the help  they need to get through their most trying times.   Over the past several years, Congress has found a number of  bipartisan solutions to help address this tragic problem, but our work  is far from done. There are still 45,000 Americans every year and their  families and their friends who need our help. They need our action.   As I started my time in the Senate, I made it a focus to find  bipartisan approaches to suicide prevention. In Indiana, suicide claims  over 1,000 lives every year. That is one Hoosier lost every 8 hours. In  2013, my fellow Hoosier Jeff Sexton reached out to me to share the  tragic story of his son Jake. Specialist Jacob Sexton, an Indiana  National Guardsman, tragically took his own life in 2009 while on leave  from a deployment to Afghanistan.   His story is far too familiar for Active, Guard, and Reserve  servicemembers and for veterans as well. Despite representing less than  10 percent of the population, these Americans comprise almost 20  percent of the suicides. Their communities lose over 7,000 members  every year as they struggle with the stresses of the military service  that we as a nation and as a Congress ask of them.   So the question is, What can we do to help them and to prevent these  tragedies?   Hoping to answer that question, the first bill I introduced in the  Senate focused on suicide prevention in the military and in our veteran  communities. Introduced in 2013 and signed into law in the 2014  National Defense Authorization Act, my Jacob Sexton Military Suicide  Prevention Act addressed a critical gap in mental healthcare for our  troops. All too often, many of our  [[Page S6214]]  servicemembers would go years without having any mental health  assessment, without having a medical professional ask: How are you  doing? How are you feeling? If you are feeling a little off or a little  unsure, we have all the means you need to get help.   Congress worked together to pass that bill into law, and now we have  ensured that every servicemember, Active, Guard, and Reserve alike,  receives an annual mental health assessment--a professional look to  make sure the member isn't fighting a battle he or she can't win on his  or her own. That is why I was pleased to hear from every service  Secretary and Chief last fall that annual mental health assessments  have been 100 percent implemented throughout the services.   Even with an avenue for help, though, many servicemembers were  cautious about reaching out for assistance. They feared the stigma  could hurt them professionally or personally. They feared repercussions  to their deployability, their promotions, or their security clearances.  We also made sure to include privacy protections as a part of the  Sexton act. It is critically important that these brave men and women  who come forward can get the support they need without suffering  professionally for just seeking help.   In building upon the Sexton act, my Servicemember and Veteran Mental  Health Care Package, which was signed into law as part of the national  defense bill in 2015, is a three-part, bipartisan effort to ensure  servicemembers and vets have access to quality mental healthcare,  whether they seek it through providers in their communities, the  Department of Defense, or the Department of Veterans Affairs.   First, the Military and Veterans Mental Health Provider Assessment  Act guarantees that the Department of Defense's primary care and mental  health providers are trained to recognize signs of suicide risk and  other mental healthcare best practices.   Next, the Community Provider Readiness Recognition Act developed a  new designation for community healthcare providers that demonstrates a  strong knowledge of military culture and mental treatments that are  focused on servicemembers and veterans, specifically pertaining to  mental health.   Finally, the Frontline Mental Health Provider Training Act helped the  Department of Defense establish a pilot program to expand the  availability of physician assistants to meet the increasing need for  mental healthcare evaluations and services for servicemembers and  military families.   I am proud to have helped pass each of these efforts, and I believe  they are some of the Senate's most important achievements in the past 5  years as the demand for military mental health services has never been  greater. It is extremely important that we leverage all of our assets  in support of our veterans, servicemembers, and military families  through legislation like the Sexton act and the Care Package. It is  critical that our support for mental health extends beyond Active,  Guard, and Reserve duty and that we continue to honor this commitment  to our veterans.    Another piece of bipartisan legislation that I was proud to work on  was the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act, which  was signed into law in 2015. This law is key to getting timely and  effective mental healthcare to prevent suicide in our veteran  communities. The bill's namesake, Clay Hunt, was a decorated veteran of  Iraq and Afghanistan who tragically took his own life after he  struggled with PTSD and depression. The Clay Hunt SAV Act requires  annual third-party evaluations of VA mental health and suicide  prevention programs. It creates a centralized website that provides  information on VA mental health services, and it requires the VA to  collaborate on suicide prevention efforts with nonprofit mental health  organizations.   As our country still faces a rate of more than 20 veterans who take  their lives every day, we must continue to find opportunities like  these to help prevent veteran suicide and improve the mental healthcare  services that are available to our heroes.   It shouldn't come as a surprise that the law enforcement officers who  keep our communities safe often face some of the same stresses that  affect our servicemembers and our veterans. It is becoming increasingly  common for them to repeatedly experience challenging and even horrific  situations on the job. Protecting the psychological health and well- being of those who serve our communities is a critically important  issue.   With fellow Hoosier Senator Todd Young, I was proud to introduce the  Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act in early April 2017, to  help get it through the Senate unanimously in May of 2017, and signed  into law by President Trump this past January. This bill was inspired,  in part, by Lebanon, IN, Police Officer Taylor Nielsen, who, in 2016,  was called to a horrific crime scene. With the gruesome images of the  scene etched in her mind, Taylor began to suffer from post-traumatic  stress disorder and, at one point, sought to take her own life.  Fortunately, her fellow officers recognized her situation, sought help  for her, and saved her life before it was too late.   The Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act helps our law  enforcement officers get access to the mental healthcare they need as  they keep our communities safe every day. The law authorizes grants to  initiate peer-mentoring pilot programs. It directs the Departments of  Justice and Health and Human Services to develop resources for mental  health providers based on the specific mental health challenges that  are faced by law enforcement, and it studies the effectiveness of  crisis hotlines and annual mental health checks. It also directs the  Departments of Defense and Justice and Veterans Affairs to confer about  existing DOD and VA mental health practices and services that could be  adopted by our law enforcement agencies.   In working together with my colleagues, I am proud of these  successes, but mental health issues and suicide impact every part of  our Nation; they don't discriminate. We must look for ways to ensure  that our workplaces, our schools, and our rural communities have the  mental health care and treatment resources they need.   One critical resource is the national suicide hotline. By calling 1- 800-273-8255, every American can access free and confidential emotional  support 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. It is a wonderful service, and  we are working to make it even better.   The bipartisan National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act, which I  introduced with my friend Senator Hatch, was signed into law a month  ago. It will increase the effectiveness of the current suicide  prevention lifeline system and the Veterans Crisis Line by requiring  the Federal Communications Commission to study the system and to make  recommendations on how we can improve it. One of these improvements is  in seeing whether we can include a three-digit hotline number that  would better connect folks to crucial crisis resources.   Now, in the time I have been on the Senate floor today--just in this  short time--we have likely lost another American life to suicide. At  the current rate, in 12 more minutes, we will, heartbreakingly, lose  another. As a parent, this is so heartbreaking and so tragic that we  have to do whatever we can to prevent these tragedies--123 Americans  every day, 45,000 every year--of people who can make our lives and our  country so much brighter and so much better every day. It doesn't have  to be that way--that they will be gone.   It is incumbent on all of us to harness the sobering reminder of this  National Suicide Prevention Month and ensure that every American knows  there is hope and that support is just a call or a conversation away.   There are people and there are resources that are available to help  you get through any challenges that you have. You are loved, and you  are cared about. We want to make sure you have everything you need to  get through whatever difficult time you may be facing.   I am proud of these efforts--proud that we have put aside any party  politics to address this issue that affects all of us. Our job is not  done though. We have to exhaust every avenue to provide all Americans  the support they need to prevent suicide. Let's tackle this program  together. Let's ``be the voice.''   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.  [[Page S6215]]     Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my defense  fellow, John Galer, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of  the 115th Congress.   