 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, the news is good today. It looks as though  we are close to a resolution, and what makes that resolution attractive  to me is not just that we are going to see the government run, which is  the job of this Congress--this is the first time, as we know, that  Congress, the House, the Senate, the White House, and the Supreme Court  were controlled by one party--it is the first time that that has been  the case in a government shutdown, so we know where responsibility  lies. But that is the past. I want to look at the future. The future  is, this should make it easier because of the discussions so many of us  had over the weekend with Senators in our own party and the other  party. Regardless of the party of any of us, I think we are reaching a  place where we can get serious about negotiations on a whole lot of  issues. Once this is behind us, after this vote later today, once the  House passes the continuing resolution and once the President signs it,  I am hopeful that we can get serious about a whole host of other  issues.   In Ohio in the last 2 weeks, two hospitals have closed down--one for- profit in Massillon, a small, industrial city not far from Canton, OH,  and a not-for-profit hospital in Dayton, OH. Both announced the closure  of those hospitals, and we know what that means to people in the  neighborhoods, people in the region. It means slower response time,  lost jobs--the loss of all the things that a good hospital means in a  community.   Part of the reason for those hospital closings, frankly, is that we  haven't done our jobs here--the attacks on the Affordable Care Act, the  unrelenting attacks from the President and from the majority party  here. I stood with my Governor, a Republican Governor--I am a  Democrat--Governor Kasich and I--against these Medicaid cuts, against  the attacks on the Affordable Care Act, against the shrinking of the  signup period, the undercutting of the marketing campaigns, and all the  things that have caused more volatility and instability in the  healthcare market.   I am hopeful that after this bill is signed by the President later  today and the government reopens, we can then get serious about what we  do about not just CHIP--I thank people of both parties here for  finally--although it took 4 months--giving CHIP not just new life but 6  years of life. I am thrilled about that. But to make CHIP work, we need  community health centers because in a working family, each making $10  an hour--if they don't have enough money to buy insurance or if they  don't have a job, perhaps, that has insurance, they rely on CHIP. Well,  if their child gets sick and wants to go to a health center, if the  community health centers are closed or underfunded or underoperating,  there is no place to go. So you don't need just CHIP; you need the  community health centers too.   We need to pay attention to rural hospitals. A lot of my State is  rural. I have been, for instance, to the Bryan Hospital. Phil Ennen is  the president of that hospital and does a very good job with a  difficult task, because in small towns--it is a county in the northwest  corner of the State. The county borders Indiana to the west and  Michigan to the north. Small towns like that have more challenges  running their hospitals, and I am hopeful we can focus on that.   We can focus on 340B, which is a Medicaid prescription drug cost  provision. I am hopeful that we can focus on the disproportionate share  of payments. I am hopeful that we can focus on some of the Medicare  extenders so that we can, in fact, bring some stability to this  healthcare system.   These two hospitals in Dayton and Massillon that have announced their  closure--we are working to try to keep both open. It is a real  challenge. I hope the closure of those hospitals isn't just the  harbinger of more to come because of the volatility created in the  healthcare market by this administration and this Congress's attack on  the healthcare market and the healthcare laws over the last year, but  that is why we need serious, long-term negotiations here.   The other issue that is so important is pensions. In the Presiding  Officer's home State of Indiana, in my State of Ohio, in Pennsylvania,  North Dakota, Missouri, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Minnesota, there are  literally hundreds of thousands of teamsters, coal miners, ironworkers,  carpenters, and confectionary workers who, even though they paid into a  pension for 30 years, even though they gave up dollars today at the  bargaining table so they could put dollars aside for the future, often  matched by their employer--because of Wall Street greed and Wall Street  malfeasance and misfeasance, in part, these pensions are going to face  huge cuts.   Senator Young, Senator Donnelly, Senator Portman, Senator Johnson,  and a number of us are working out some--I hope working toward some  agreement on pensions so we can make sure that if you didn't work 40  years you wouldn't see a 40-percent cut in your pension. I start with  the Butch Lewis Act legislation that I have introduced with a number of  cosponsors. We  [[Page S436]]  want to work with both parties to make sure this works. I am hopeful  this deal today helps to clear a path so that the two Senators from  Indiana and I and Senator Portman and others can work together to make  this happen. It is so important. In my State alone, it is 50,000  teamsters. It is another 5,000, more or less, coal miners. It is  another 7,000, 8,000, or 10,000 other workers.    The last thing I want to say, again, is that every one of these cases  is a union plan. These union members gave up wages today. They  understood: I don't take as much pay today, but that money will be set  aside so I have healthcare and my pension is there when I retire in 30  years.   They did it right. They played by the rules. Their government needs  to back them up. That is the importance of this pension bill. That is  why I appreciate the work of the Presiding Officer and others in coming  to some agreement and making this work.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   