 Mr. President, I have the happy occasion to actually  pass a law. It is one that I have been working on for some time. So I  have taken the opportunity to come to the floor to actually move it  through myself. Yet, before I do that, there are a considerable number  of thank yous that are in order.   The first and foremost thank you is to Senator Dan Sullivan of  Alaska, who chaired the subcommittee hearing that first moved this  issue before the Senate in a bipartisan fashion within the Environment  and Public Works Committee. It was a really important thing for Senator  Sullivan to have done. In part, it solved the problem between the  Environment and Public Works Committee and the Commerce, Science, and  Transportation Committee over jurisdiction in this area. We are very  fortunate that Senator Sullivan served both as the chairman of the  relevant Environment and Public Works Committee and also of the  Fisheries Subcommittee of the Commerce Committee so that he was in a  position to negotiate with himself over jurisdiction and, obviously,  come to a happy conclusion.   I thank Senator Inhofe, who was an early sponsor of this legislation.  He attended the hearing. I will confess that when Senator Inhofe came  to our hearing on the Environment and Public Works Committee on an  environmental matter, I was not convinced that it was a positive turn  of events for the bill, but Senator Inhofe could not have been more  gracious and took a very strong interest in this piece of legislation.  He was an original cosponsor, so I thank him as well.   I thank Senator Murkowski. In her being from Alaska, she joined  Senator Sullivan. Alaska has a terrific problem with the issue that we  are addressing. The issue at hand is marine plastic debris--the plastic  waste with which we are filling the ocean. In Rhode Island, we do beach  cleanups whereby people go up and down the beach and pick up the  plastic trash that has washed ashore. We do those with trash bags. In  Alaska, they do those with front-end loaders, dumpsters, and barges,  because Alaska faces the Pacific, and there is far more plastic waste  and trash in the Pacific. The worst sources for plastic waste and trash  are Asian countries, which have  [[Page S6331]]  terrible upland waste disposal infrastructure. It ends up in the creek,  and it ends up in the river, and it ends up in the sea. So Alaska has  had a terrific role.   Senator Murkowski's role was as my coordinate on the Oceans Caucus.  She helped to make sure that the Oceans Caucus--a group of 38  Senators--supported this. It was a very bipartisan group, so that  provided some added oomph to all of this, if that is not too informal a  word to use on the Senate floor.   I also thank my original Democratic cosponsor, Senator Booker.   A lot of people have had a hand in this, and there were a great  number of sponsors. I appreciate all of them for their support in all  of this.   We have had an interesting time because the bill actually passed the  Senate before, but when colleagues saw something moving, they wanted to  put things on it. So a few pieces have been added from the House side  that relate to maritime safety and a Coast Guard Center of Excellence,  which we welcome onto the bill and appreciate now that we have the  chance to finally pass it.   I also thank Adena Leibman, of my staff, who has just been very  persistent and thorough about making this happen and has worked very  well with staff members from the offices involved in having helped to  coordinate all of my activities with the Oceans Caucus. She has done a  really exemplary staff job. As the Presiding Officer knows, the common  description of Senators around here is that we are walking  constitutional impediments to the smooth and orderly operation of  staff. While Senators may disagree with that from time to time, Adena  Leibman certainly does a smooth and orderly operation of staff, and I  appreciate her.   Senator Sullivan could not be here. We had hoped to be able to do  this together, but I do express to him my very, very strong  appreciation for what a really wonderful partner he has been in all of  this. Not only are we excited to pass the Save Our Seas Act, but we are  already working on SOS 2.0. Just today, in the Environment and Public  Works Committee, we held another hearing on marine plastics--this one  at the full committee level, led by Senator Barrasso. So I owe Senator  Barrasso a thank you.   I find it interesting that at today's hearing, the two leading  Republicans on the committee who were there, at the top--Dan and I are  more junior--were Senator Barrasso and Senator Inhofe, both of whom  were present, both of whom were productive and helpful, and both who  suffer this terrible disability of living in landlocked States. They  don't actually have a coast. Yet they have been helpful in moving this  forward. We also had a terrific coalition of business and other  interests.   You have seen the reaction around the world to know how this problem  has suddenly emerged onto the national and international stages, and I  think we are really in a terrific position, after we pass this bill, to  move on, I hope, with equal bipartisanship and alacrity, and pass our  Save Our Seas 2.0.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of S. 3508, introduced earlier today by Senator  Sullivan and me.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered  read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    I thank the Presiding Officer. Bravo to all who  participated in making this possible.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   