 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member.   Mr. Speaker, the Congress today is going to be voting on whether or  not to make it easier for dealers making car loans to offer better  prices to borrowers based on the color of their skin. The majority  wants you to vote, yeah, they can. We say they shouldn't. We say all  Americans should be treated equally, and we think that the CFPB should  be allowed to make sure that that is true.   You know, it is clear, minority buyers pay more. This has been found  in any number of statistical ways. In a recent settlement with a large  auto dealer, the Department of Justice and the CFPB found that 235,000  minority borrowers were paying higher rates. African-American, Asian,  and Latino borrowers were paying between $200 and $300 more per loan  compared to White borrowers.   Now, some of us believe in liberty and justice for all. Some of us  believe in equal protection under the law. I believe that it is  absolutely the wrong policy for us to second-guess the CFPB today, and  I urge a ``no'' vote.   This is a fact that this disparate treatment in borrowing and rates  and prices is even true when minority borrowers had the same or better  credit than White borrowers. So the CFPB cracked down, and they issued  guidance, which is what we would expect them to do. In fact, in total,  they made sure that over--almost $12 billion has gone back to  consumers, a fact which I think, for my Republican friends, really  upsets them.   But guidance was set to ensure that lenders were complying with the  law, which makes discrimination in auto lending illegal. They also  brought cases and recovered millions for borrowers: Ally Financial paid  back $80 million in recovery for victims of discrimination; American  Honda Finance Corporation, $24 million; Toyota Motor Credit  Corporation, $21.9 million; Fifth Third Bank, $18 million.   Now, are we to believe that these institutions, run by some of the  most sophisticated businesspeople and lawyers in America, are just  handing out checks for nothing? They are paying settlements because why  not? They have probably got more lawyers in one of these places than  they do in the CFPB.   Now, the bottom line is these folks paid out because they needed to  settle. They had exposure. This move today by the majority in the  Financial Services Committee is to say: Go ahead. Don't worry about  discrimination. We have got your back.   We are not going to stand here and let Americans get treated like  second-class citizens, though.   The new system is working well, so, naturally, some folks want to  change it. So, Republicans, I ask you guys to vote ``no'' on this  thing. I want you to  [[Page H3818]]  join us in telling Americans that everybody should be treated equally.   