 Mr. President, in the next few minutes, the Senate  will be taking the next steps on an appropriations process that is  being conducted the way an appropriations process is supposed to be  conducted. Boy Scouts shouldn't get a merit badge for telling the  truth, and Senators shouldn't get a pat on the back for conducting an  appropriations process the way it is supposed to be conducted. It is  worth noting that we are doing it, since it has been a long time since  we have done it.   The right way means we are moving ahead on three bills: Energy and  Water, legislative affairs, and Military Construction. The right way  means we have had hearings on all of these bills. We have consulted  with Senators. I know that in our Energy and Water bill, Senator  Feinstein and I heard from 83 different Senators and tried to respond  to them in our bill. We marked up the bills unanimously in most cases.   What was missing was allowing the other 70 Senators to participate on  the floor. We did that this time; 40 amendments, 7 rollcall votes. We  got off the floor without a cloture vote; that is, a motion to cut off  debate. We are doing it the way it is supposed to be done. That was  done by showing something that needs to be shown more in the Senate-- restraint. Restraint means that when you have a lot of freedom, it  doesn't mean you exercise all of your freedoms all at once because  nothing will happen.   We avoided controversial riders. We even had 20 Republican Senators  vote to table something we agree with, which is the waters of the  United States provision, because we thought this was not the  appropriate bill for it.   Now we are moving to motions to instruct, which are nonbinding  resolutions. It is important, though, because they give the Senate a  chance to say what Senators want to say. That is why we are here.   One of those issues has to do with tariffs. The administration has  imposed tariffs on aluminum and steel, and now other products,  provoking a response of tariffs on soybeans and other products grown  and manufactured in our country. In general, these tariffs are a big  mistake. Using national security as an excuse to impose them is an even  bigger mistake.   I have urged President Trump instead to focus on reciprocity; tell  other countries to do for our country what we do for you.   Imposing tariffs as a way of achieving that is like shooting  ourselves in both feet as a way of solving our problem. Tariffs are  taxes. They raise the price of what we buy and sell. Tariffs reduce  revenues, profits, wages, and jobs.   U.S. tariffs on aluminum and steel hurt 136,000 Tennesseans who work  in more than 900 auto plants in 88 of our 95 counties; that is, one- third of our manufacturing jobs. Retaliatory tariffs hurt Tennessee  soybean farmers by lowering prices and making markets disappear.   Our goal should be to persuade our trading partners to do for us what  we do for them. Shooting ourselves in both feet at once is not a good  way to do that. There are better ways to achieve the goal.   This doesn't just hurt auto parts workers in Tennessee. I was in  Springfield, TN, the other day. They had been excited about an  expansion of an Electrolux plant, a $250 million expansion for that  community. Electrolux canceled it when word of the steel tariffs came,  even though Electrolux, which makes washing machines, buys all of their  steel in the United States. Tariffs on imported steel raise the price  of steel sold in United States.   In Chestnut Hill, Bush Brothers cans about one-third of all beans  canned in the United States. You wouldn't think that is such a big  deal, but it involves a lot of people and a lot of beans. They say that  8\1/2\ percent of their revenues will go down as a result of the tin- plated steel that is used for their cans. Not enough is produced in the  United States.   Then, we have Bridgestone and Hankook. They make tires in Tennessee.  They are big companies. They use steel wire in every tire, and none of  it is produced in the United States. The price goes up.   For 40 years, I worked to bring the auto industry to Tennessee. It  has done more than anything that has happened to raise our standard of  living, to raise families' incomes. Tariffs will lower our standard of  living. They will hurt our State more than almost any other State.   As respectfully and as effectively as I can, I have said to the  President: Mr. President, we agree on taxes. We agree on regulations.  We agree on judges. We are proud of having the best economy in 18  years, the lowest employment rate that anyone can remember. But these  tariffs are a big mistake. They will take us in the wrong direction.   I have not been successful in talking with the President about this,  but I intend to keep trying. There are other, better ways to persuade  our trading partners to do for us what we do for them instead of  shooting ourselves in both feet at once, which is what we do when we  impose these tariffs.   I yield the floor.   