 Mr. President, the Senate has often been called the  world's greatest deliberative body, where we can thoroughly and  respectfully debate weighty matters, regardless of pressures imposed by  any given moment. While we do not always live up to this ideal, it is  one for which we should always strive. The Constitution entrusts us  with the task of serving as a check against the executive branch,  providing our advice and--if appropriate--our consent to the  Executive's nominees to lead our government's most critical agencies.  During my time here, at its best, the Senate can be and actually should  be the conscience of the Nation.   So as we move to vote on the nomination of Gina Haspel, with very  little debate and gaping holes in her record, I fear the Senate is  failing to fulfill its basic duty to provide advice and informed  consent to her nomination. Remember, we are supposed to advise and  consent, and worse yet, we are failing in our duty to serve as the  Nation's conscience.   Now much of what is publicly known about Ms. Haspel's role in the CIA  is disturbing. To begin with--and I have listened to Senators on both  sides--I do not question Ms. Haspel's commitment to our country or to  our national security that, I think, she has established. But what I  question is her judgment and her fidelity to a core value of our  Nation: that all people have certain inalienable rights. Underlying  these inalienable rights is our belief in the basic dignity of human  beings, a dignity that is incompatible with inhumane practices like  torture. Torture should never be part of America's way of leading the  world.   During the height of the CIA's torture program, Ms. Haspel ran one of  the Agency's most notorious ``black sites'' in Thailand. There, under  her leadership, brutal torture techniques were employed. From available  accounts, according to that which has been made public, this included  waterboarding detainees, slamming them against walls, and confining  them in coffin-shaped boxes for extended periods of time.   At the time, there was a benign euphemism for this treatment. It was  called ``enhanced interrogation techniques.'' But we know better. This  wasn't ``enhanced interrogation techniques.'' This was government- sanctioned torture, pure and simple. Torture is immoral. Torture is  inhumane. Frankly, torture is un-American. I agree with our colleague  Senator John McCain--he is one who speaks with a distinct moral clarity  on this issue--that Ms. Haspel's refusal to condemn torture as immoral  is disqualifying. For that reason alone, I cannot, in good conscience,  support her nomination.   But it is worse than that. Ms. Haspel also reportedly advocated for  destroying the videotapes of these torture sessions--now, that was  against the advice of the CIA's own lawyers. More than that, it was in  contravention of a Federal judicial order requiring that they be  preserved. The CIA's former general counsel said Ms. Haspel was one of  the ``staunchest advocates . . . for destroying the tapes.''  Notwithstanding the advice of the CIA's lawyer, notwithstanding the  federal judicial order, she claimed that destroying the tapes was  necessary to protect the security of CIA officers conducting these  interrogations.   But that explanation withers under even the slightest scrutiny. If  that were really the concern, then the CIA could easily have copied the  tapes with the officers' faces blacked out and only then destroyed the  originals. All of us are used to seeing news items with the faces of  certain witnesses and others blacked out. Nor do we have access to the  only independent account of Ms. Haspel's role in the destruction of the  tapes--the Justice Department's Durham Report. I joined nine Senators  on the Judiciary Committee in a request for access to the Durham  Report, but our request has not been accommodated. As a result, we will  not know the full story of the tapes' destruction before we are asked  to vote on Ms. Haspel's nomination today.   This is just what we know through public reports. There is much more  the American people don't know about Ms. Haspel's actions because it  remains classified. The American people have been kept in the dark in  part because Ms. Haspel herself has been responsible for what  information about her record is declassified. It is a brazen conflict  of interest that Ms. Haspel can decide what to release and what to  conceal about her past. The CIA has declassified glowing facts about  Ms. Haspel's work with Mother Teresa, but refuses to disclose basic  information that would shed light on her past actions and what values  would guide her as CIA director. This process has been reduced to a  farce.   I have reviewed classified materials on Ms. Haspel's long career at  the CIA, and I find these materials to be deeply disturbing. I am not  able to discuss any of the details revealed in these materials, again,  because Ms. Haspel has decided to keep them cloaked by classification.  Candidly, I do not believe a Senator can provide his or her informed  consent to this nominee without first reviewing these materials.   Now, I recognize, and I must say I appreciate, that Ms. Haspel has  committed to not allowing the CIA to resurrect the use of torture if  she is confirmed. I also recognize that that commitment, while  commendable, is not optional. Torture is illegal; that is simply what  the law demands.   But what about the next immoral action that this President might ask  her to commit? Should we trust that she will have the moral compass to  stand up and say ``no''? Based on what we have seen, I do not.   The world is watching closely today. Our allies and our enemies--and  our own future generations--will view this vote as nothing less than a  referendum on torture. If the Senate--this body that I cherish--gives  its blessing to a nominee who is synonymous with the CIA's  interrogation program, then the demons of our past--from Abu Ghraib to  the CIA's black sites--may haunt us anew.   I do not believe that this blight on our history represents who we  are or what we stand for. I really do not believe that this is the soul  of America. But it is a terrible mistake. I believe we must clearly  demonstrate that we are capable of learning from and moving beyond our  darker chapters as a nation. If we make a mistake, we should admit it  and take steps not to have it happen again. For that reason, I will  vote no on Ms. Haspel's nomination.   Mr. President, I do not see another Senator seeking recognition.  [[Page S2760]]    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   