 Mr. Speaker, as we speak, thousands of young people from  across the country are gathered outside to protest gun violence and to  ask, to beseech, to demand that we take action.   Mr. Speaker, we know what to do. We know that we ought to amend the  law to provide effective background checks before people can purchase  guns--not just background checks when you purchase from a licensed  dealer, but background checks when you purchase a gun anyplace.   We know that we ought to eliminate the 3-day limits so that, if they  don't finish the background check within 3 days, you can't get your  gun.   We know that we should renew the assault weapons ban that was in  effect from 1994 to 2004 so you can't buy military killing machines in  this country for civilian use.   We know we ought to ban the high-capacity magazines that can convert  guns into killing machines for large numbers of people that have no  other purpose. You don't hunt a deer with a high-capacity magazine.    We know we ought to ban bump stocks, and we know the other things we  ought to do.   But we are, too many of us, cowards. We quell before the National  Rifle Association.   We know the fact is that it is guns in the hands of people that kill  people. Compared to every other country in the world, every other  industrial country in the world, we stand out like a sore thumb.   If you look at other statistics, this country--Great Britain, 75  people killed by guns in a year; another country, 142. No country is in  more than three digits except the United States at 33,000.  [[Page H1552]]    They tell it is mental health. The American people do not have mental  health rates or lack of mental health 1,000 times or 10 times or 20  times or 40 times more than people in Western Europe or Japan or  Australia. You cannot explain a difference of 75 or 150 to 33,000 by  mental health.   They tell us we should arm teachers, but we know that trained police  officers hit their targets about a third of the time when they fire a  gun and, in a gunfight, when the adrenaline is running, 13 percent. If  we arm the teachers, we will have more teachers and more students  killed.   We have a President who has shown cowardice. He criticized Senator  Toomey for being afraid of the NRA, and then he, after meeting with the  NRA, backed down on everything he said he would do.   Mr. Speaker, as I said, we know what to do. We are the only country  in the world with the kind of gun murder rates that we have.   The Republicans have opposed all the measures that we ought to take,  but the Republicans have a choice. They can continue to be complicit in  their repeated slaughter in our schools, in our churches, in our  concert halls, and in our streets by continuing their cowardly  subservience to the NRA, or they can act to protect us and our  children. They know how to do it. They cannot have it both ways. Let's  see what they do.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4909, the STOP School  Violence Act, as amended. But I do so with serious concerns about some  of its provisions, and mostly about what the bill fails to do.   H.R. 4909 would authorize $50 million annually for grants  administered by the Department of Justice to fund various training and  other initiatives intended to enhance school safety. It would authorize  another $25 million annually to be used for other related purposes,  including physical improvements, such as metal detectors, better locks,  and systems for schools to notify law enforcement of emergencies.   The bill is fine as far as it goes, and we should certainly do more  to make our schools safer, but it is shameful that we must do so  because of our failure to reduce the threat of gun violence to  children.   It should be unacceptable to all of us that we must take steps to  train staff and students to protect themselves against these types of  incidents instead of spending more money on actually educating our  young people.   This bill does not include any provisions to strengthen our gun laws  or to help keep guns out of the hands of those who should not possess  them.   Evidence and experience tell us that we must establish universal  background checks instead of the flawed system we now have.   We should encourage States to adopt laws providing for extreme risk  protection orders, and we must ban assault weapons and high-capacity  ammunition magazines. These steps would help prevent not only school  shootings, but would reduce the daily toll of gun violence in our  communities.   None of these critical provisions are included in this bill, which  was never examined by the Judiciary Committee either through a hearing  or a legislative markup session. Had we taken these steps, which we  could have done quickly in the exactly 1 month since the tragic  Parkland, Florida, shooting, we might have produced a much better bill  for floor consideration.   The suspension version of the bill does include an explicit  prohibition against the funds being used on firearms or firearms  training. Because President Trump and others in the administration have  indicated that they believe arming teachers is part of the solution to  this problem, it was important to my colleagues and to me that we be  assured that this program, at least, will not be used for such a  purpose which would actually endanger students, not make them safer.    However, we should have addressed serious concerns that have come to  our attention with respect to the anonymous tip reporting systems and  threat assessment and intervention teams that would be funded by this  bill. We want people to report information about someone who may  present a danger to students, but the bill does not include  requirements that these systems provide adequate due process  protections for students against whom a report is made.   I have longstanding concerns about the increased use of law  enforcement in schools. History tells us that, without proper training,  use of such policies can have a disproportionate impact on students of  color and students with disabilities.   In the decades since Columbine, when the Nation rushed to increase  school-based law enforcement efforts, thousands of vulnerable students  have entered the school-to-prison pipeline for conduct that should be  treated as routine behavior violations.   I fear, therefore, that efforts to increase school-based law  enforcement without guardrails to ensure it is done well and based on  strong evidence may repeat the risks of the past. My concern is only  heightened by the Trump administration's ongoing efforts to remove  important tools to ensure States and school districts understand their  civil rights obligations when disciplining students.   I urge Secretary DeVos and Attorney General Sessions to maintain  current discipline and school resource officer guidance to ensure  implementation of this bill does not exacerbate the school-to-prison  pipeline.   We should have had the opportunity to address these important issues  through consideration in committee, but we did not.   Like the sponsors of this bill, I want Congress to do more to make  our schools safer. Therefore, I will support this bill today, not  withstanding the serious concerns I have outlined, with the hope that  we will address these concerns going forward.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Schneider).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. Esty).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Deutch), who is a sponsor of this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), the ranking member of the Crime, Terrorism,  Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Texas an  additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, today, young people across the country are taking a  stand and calling upon this Congress to do something about the scourge  of gun violence that has terrorized our schools and streets for too  long. This bill fails to do so, and it should not and cannot be our  only response to these demands.   We must make schools safer. But the best way to do that is to do more  to prevent gun violence from occurring in the first place. Congress  must do more to stop gun violence. Congress should pass an assault  weapons ban. Congress should pass an effective background check.  Congress should ban high-capacity magazines.   Congress should do a lot more. It is not enough to say that staff and  students must do more to protect themselves. Mr. Speaker, it is time to  take decisive action to stop gun violence in our communities.   You are faced with a simple choice, Mr. Speaker: Will you stand with  these young people who are demanding action or will you stand with the  NRA and be complicit in the continuing violence in our schools and in  our streets?   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter  be considered to be the first sponsor of H. Con. Res. 79, a bill  originally introduced by Representative Conyers of Michigan, for the  purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to  clause 7 of rule XII.   