 Mr. President, I join my colleagues today in tribute to  our colleague, Senator John McCain of Arizona.   We look for heroes in this world. It seems to me we are always  looking in the wrong places. We look at baseball diamonds and  basketball courts and amphitheaters and stadiums where performers sing,  but we fail to look in the right places. Sometimes we are with heroes,  and we don't always recognize it at the moment. Yet there is no  American I know who is more deserving of the title ``hero'' than John  McCain. Those who serve us in the military are entitled to that  honorific, and those who serve in the military and serve others in the  military--those who serve our veterans--are heroes too. Senator McCain  lived a life in which heroics were a part of every day.   I first met John McCain in 1996, in Hays, KS, my hometown. The habit  was that Senator Bob Dole, then a candidate for President of the United  States, would fly to the airport in Hays, near his hometown of Russell.  This time he had a guest with him, John McCain, who was the campaign  chairman on his Presidential campaign. I watched the two of them  interact, and it was really the first time I had had the opportunity to  see a Senator other than, perhaps, my own two from Kansas.   Senator Dole had the greatest regard for Senator McCain. Senator Dole  wore the POW bracelet. He never knew John McCain when he was a POW, but  by happenstance, he chose to wear a bracelet in honor of and in respect  and concern for a POW in Vietnam. John McCain learned on the Senate  floor that Bob Dole wore his throughout much of his captivity. I  respect and honor Senator Dole, and I saw that day the respect and  honor he had for a fellow Senator, a fellow serviceman, a fellow  veteran. Both Senator Dole's and Senator McCain's lives were  dramatically affected by their service to our Nation.   Quite frankly, when I arrived at the U.S. Senate, I was intimidated  by Senator McCain. He was vitriolic, and he had the habit of exploding  at a moment's notice. Something could set him off. Something he cared  passionately about could cause him to react. So, in my early days as a  new U.S. Senator, I didn't seek John McCain's companionship. That was a  mistake on my part because, despite his prickly nature, knowing John  McCain has become one of the most valuable experiences I have had in  the Senate.   We began working together on one of those issues that John McCain and  no one else in the U.S. Senate could have had the stature to have dealt  with--certainly, our military men and women in the defense of our  Nation. We bonded in our efforts to see that the veterans of our Nation  received the care that they deserved, that they received their benefits  from the Veterans Health Administration that they were entitled to and  that they had earned through their service to our Nation. That work--a  McCain-Moran bill--became a significant part of the VA MISSION Act.   I learned in that experience the dedication that Senator McCain had  to those who served--to have made sure that the mistakes that had been  made at the Department of Veterans Affairs, which may have cost  veterans their lives, never happened again. Initially, that resulted in  the Veterans Choice Act, and in its just recently being passed by the  House, passed by the Senate, and in having been signed by the  President, the legislation that we named in honor of Senator John  McCain has resulted in the VA MISSION Act, which replaces and improves  the Choice Act.   In that experience of working with Senator McCain on behalf of  America's veterans, I also got acquainted with Senator McCain's staff.  I think it is probably true that we can learn a lot about our  colleagues by the people they surround themselves with, in the way that  a Senator treats his or her staff members and, perhaps, even more  importantly, in the way that those individuals who work for a U.S.  Senator treat their boss. What I saw from those who worked for Senator  McCain was abiding respect, love, care, and compassion for U.S. Senator  John McCain. It told me a lot about his staff, but it told me even more  about Senator McCain's person and character.   In my time in working in the Senate with John McCain, I also  discovered his abiding love for the people of Arizona. Senator McCain  was a national figure and could be only a national figure if he  desired. Yet he had the stature to be not only a person who was known  in the State he represented and in the Nation but around the world.  While Senator McCain represented the United States well, here in the  U.S. Senate and in countries around the globe, you could tell that  Senator McCain cared about and loved the people he represented at home.  He respected them. He recognized that they were the ones who gave him  the opportunity to perform on a national stage. He never forgot  Arizonans.  [[Page S5997]]    I appreciate the way that he and his junior colleague from Arizona,  Senator Flake, worked together on behalf of the citizens of his State.  So, while it would have been easy for John to have played only the  national figure, he never forgot from where he came.   While many of my comments today have paid my respect to Senator  McCain for his service to the U.S. Senate, it is his service in the  military, in the Navy, that is most compelling to me. I have known this  story throughout my life--and it has been reported and repeated here on  the Senate floor--but I do not know a person who, as a prisoner of war  and who was given the opportunity to be released and to return home to  family and loved ones, would say no. I do not know a person other than  John McCain who would say: No, it is not my turn. No, there are others  who are prisoners of war who are more deserving and who are, in fact,  on the list ahead of me to be released.   What an honor to know a person who has put others so much ahead of  himself, to know someone who, because of his love of country and love  of those who served and his sense of responsibility and obligation to  those he served with and who were prisoners of war with him, had the  character, the values to say: No, it is not my turn.   I wish I knew people; I wish I were one of them.   So, today, I, certainly, honor Senator McCain for his status and  service as a Senator. Yet I admire and respect him for his service to  the Nation, his service in the Navy, and his care and compassion for  those with whom he served.   John McCain led a full and meaningful life. He instructed us numerous  times about our behavior here in the U.S. Senate. He asked us, as  Americans, to behave differently. He asked our country to come  together.    We desperately need the opportunity for Americans to see what they  are seeing on the Senate floor this week, where both Republicans and  Democrats are honoring the life and service of John McCain. We need to  answer his call. We need to honor his request to make certain that the  work we perform is done for all Americans.   John McCain was a Republican, but much more so, he was an American.  He reminds me of what I see on the monuments and memorials at the  National Mall when I make my trek up to the Lincoln Memorial and pass  the World War II, the Vietnam war, and the Korean war memorials. No one  memorialized there fought, died, sacrificed, and served for Republicans  or for Democrats. John McCain and those we memorialize on the National  Mall recognized a higher calling.   If we could do something that would alter our behavior in respect to  John McCain, what a difference we might make in the country, and if  Americans can use this moment to pull together, our country will be  better.   John McCain led a full and meaningful life. I admired him, I  respected him, and I loved him.   Senator McCain, thank you for your service to our Nation. It is a  grateful Nation.   The Navy hymn says: ``Eternal Father, strong to save, whose arms hath  bound the restless wave.''   May John McCain rest in peace.   I yield the floor.   