 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to speak  about an announcement that occurred last night that an agreement had  been reached to modernize the North America Free Trade Agreement. The  new agreement, named the ``United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement'' or  ``USMCA,'' will bring this trade pact between our countries into the  21st century.   Over the last year and a half, I have been working with my colleagues  and others in the administration to make clear to President Trump,  Ambassador Lighthizer, Secretary Ross, and my Senate colleagues of the  importance of trade and exports--whether that was in meetings with the  President and his Cabinet officials, through my subcommittee  chairmanships, through speeches here on the Senate floor, or with many  of my constituents in Kansas whose livelihoods depend on trade.   I have written numerous letters to U.S. agricultural leaders and  various agricultural organizations, followed up by speaking engagements  across the country at the annual meetings of national farm and ranch  groups to rally producers to fight to preserve trade relationships with  Canada and Mexico.   I have spent a lot of time in Kansas at nearly 100 townhall meetings  in the last 2 years attended by various agriculture and commodity  groups.   I have talked to local media where folks are particularly interested  at home about the issue of NAFTA and trade.   In each of these instances, I was clear that withdrawing from NAFTA  without a replacement agreement would be devastating to the Kansas  economy. While NAFTA modernization was due to reflect changes in the  economy since its enactment almost 25 years ago, the agreement has been  critical to growth in agricultural exports and has created countless  manufacturing jobs in my State.   As a result of NAFTA, Canada and Mexico are two export markets that  account for approximately 39 percent of total exports from Kansas. We,  as Kansans, sell more aerospace parts and products to Canada than  anywhere in the world and more food and commodities to Mexico than  anywhere in the world.   Importantly, the new agreement includes all three countries. As I  conveyed to the President when the bilateral U.S.-Mexico agreement was  announced, a final deal without Canada would be a significant step  backward from the agreement in place today. I applaud President Trump  for taking these concerns seriously and, while engaging in tough  negotiations, recognizing the benefit of all three nations being  included in the final agreement.   The road ahead for this new agreement will not be easy. I am  carefully reviewing the agreement's details and look forward to  additional economic analysis on the impact it would have--particularly  on Kansas but on farmers, ranchers, and manufacturers across our  country and, equally of importance, the impact upon their employees.   Once the President signs the agreement, it will be up to Congress to  consider and vote to approve the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement--most  likely next year. However, today farmers and ranchers are breathing a  sigh of relief, as the announcement brings greater certainty at a time  when producers are facing extended periods of low commodity prices.  Agricultural conditions in our State, due to drought and due to  commodity prices and the uncertainty of export markets, are a  significant challenge.   Simply put, we produce more in this country than we can consume.  Farmers, agricultural leaders, and commodity groups spend their own  time and money developing export markets. We have many checkoff  programs designed to encourage the sale of agriculture commodities from  Kansas and the United States around the globe. Over a span of years and  sometimes even decades, U.S. producers have built relationships with  customers around the world based upon our ability to consistently  deliver high-quality commodities at competitive prices. This agreement  ought to inspire confidence in our purchasers in Mexico and Canada, as  well as around the world, that America will continue to be a reliable  supplier of food and agricultural commodities.   Under the new agreement, all agricultural commodities that currently  have duty-free access under NAFTA will continue. In addition, U.S.  dairy producers who had a long, difficult time with Canada's supply  management system will enjoy greater market access to the Canadian  market.   A trilateral agreement is also critical for aerospace, auto, and  other manufacturers in Kansas who rely on an integrated North American  supply chain. Withdrawing from NAFTA or excluding Canada from the  agreement would have disrupted markets and cost Kansas jobs.   I am hopeful that negotiations will continue with Canada and Mexico  to resolve section 232 steel and aluminum tariffs that have raised  prices for Kansas manufacturers and their customers, as well as  resulted in retaliation against U.S. producers, including pork  producers in Kansas.   While I come to the floor to commend an agreement being reached on  modernizing NAFTA, we have a lot of work to do to resolve current trade  disputes while building new export markets.   The trade dispute with China has harmed farmers and ranchers when  they can least afford it. Producers have faced low prices and declining  income for the better part of a decade. I remain concerned that if we  lose major export markets, we will see a prolonged downturn in the  prices instead of the recovery that is so desperately needed and  desired.  [[Page S6407]]    Since the start of the trade dispute with China, soybean prices have  fallen over $2 per bushel, which equates to Kansas farmers and grain  handlers losing out on $378 million of possible revenue solely on  soybeans.   Kansas is the top sorghum-producing State in the Nation. About half  of the sorghum produced in the country is exported, with 90 percent of  exports previously going to China. It is estimated that the decline in  sorghum prices due to China's tariffs will result in about $87 of lost  revenue per acre planted in Kansas.   I have held two hearings to review the administration's trade  policies in the Appropriations subcommittee that I chair--Commerce,  Justice, Science--including a hearing with Ambassador Lighthizer. These  hearings offered me and my colleagues the opportunity to express  directly to the administration the importance of trade and for me to  express the importance of trade to Kansas. As chairman of the CJS  Subcommittee, I look forward to continuing to engage on the analysis  and consideration of the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement and other trade  issues.   The ability of Kansans to make a living depends on the opportunity to  sell around the world what we grow and produce and manufacture, and I  will continue to urge in the direction of more trade, not less. I will  also keep working to meet with farmers, ranchers, manufacturers,  commodities groups, agricultural leaders, and organizations to make  sure their voices are heard, and I will continue to be a component of  the ongoing work to promote free and fair trade.   I end my remarks by noting my appreciation to the administration  officials for working to make certain these markets remain available to  Kansas farmers, ranchers, and manufacturers, providing them with some  much needed certainty. I will further analyze the details of this  agreement, but I am pleased to say that last night's announcement is  clearly a positive development. I thank the administration for their  pursuit of a better NAFTA agreement and a conclusion that includes all  three countries.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   