 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman yielding me the  time, and I thank the chairman for moving this very important piece of  legislation through our committee, the Financial Services  Committee, and onto the floor.    This is a commonsense bill, Mr. Speaker, that I encourage everybody,  Republicans and Democrats, to support, H.R. 4566.   Throughout the great State of Maine and across America, Mr. Speaker,  we have millions and millions of small  [[Page H1714]]  savers and small investors who are planning for their retirement or for  the college education for their kids or their grandkids.   The people of Maine, Mr. Speaker, are the most honest and hardworking  folks you can find anywhere, and every week thousands and thousands of  Maine families are setting aside small parts of their paychecks into an  IRA or a 401(k) plan so they will have enough money for their  retirement, or setting aside small amounts of money for their son or  their daughter to attend a college, a community college, a university,  or a technical school.   Today, Mr. Speaker, almost 55 percent of all American families, about  100 million of our fellow Americans, entrust these savings to mutual  funds and other pension advisers such that they are able to grow and to  provide them with a larger nest egg down the road.   These asset managers, Mr. Speaker, are currently operating under the  uncertainty of whether or not they will be subjected to very costly  and, in many cases, unnecessary stress test regulations which are  designed for large money center banks with very different functions in  our economy.   Mr. Speaker, when a bank takes in deposits from its customers, it is  obligated to return those deposits and, hopefully, with interest. Now,  it is important that those banks have enough reserves to make sure  that, during a recession, they are able to meet those obligations. For  many of these banks, stress testing does make sense.   However, Mr. Speaker, mutual fund and other asset managers perform a  very different function. If one invests for their retirement or their  college savings, their goal is to grow that nest egg, but it is not  guaranteed to be the case by the asset managers who are performing that  job. In effect, Mr. Speaker, these asset managers of mutual funds serve  as an agent for the investor and the small saver, with no liability to  return these savings in full; but, of course, they take the risk for a  better return down the road.   Now, if you do have a huge money center bank with tentacles running  throughout the economy and that bank fails, it could represent a  systemic risk to our economy. But investors in a poorly performing  mutual fund are simply able to switch their account to a better  performing mutual fund house in order for a better return down the road  with no systemic risk to the economy, in part, Mr. Speaker, because the  assets themselves are held at a bank custodian. They are not even held  at the mutual fund company or at the asset management firm.   Now, my bill, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4566, exempts most nonbank financial  institutions, like mutual funds, from costly stress test requirements.  And this, Mr. Speaker, is so important to our small savers across the  country because, when you have costly, cumbersome, and unnecessary  regulations, they are paid for by the savers in these mutual funds and  by these pension fund investors. And when they are paid out of their  rate of return, their rates of return drop, and, therefore, the value  of their nest eggs drop.   Mr. Speaker, government should be in the job of helping our families  live better lives with more financial security, and H.R. 4566 helps us  do just that by removing one-size-fits-all regulations that fit for  lots of banks but not for the asset management community.   Today, Mr. Speaker, approximately 4 percent of the expenses of asset  managers are for complying with regulations. If we do nothing, that  number is expected to go up to 10 percent of their expenses, just on  compliance, within 5 years. Now, that makes a big difference because  the higher the expenses, the lower the rate of return, the smaller the  nest egg for those who are saving for college or for retirement.   To give support to my point, Mr. Speaker, for the past 10 years,  economists at our own Securities and Exchange Commission and at our own  Treasury have not been able to design a stress test for asset managers  and for thousands and thousands of mutual fund companies across the  country, and that is because it makes no sense to try to do so.   Stress testing as a prudential regulation simply does not fit every  participant in the United States financial services sector. There are  intrinsic differences between banks and asset managers, and my bill,  Mr. Speaker, recognizes that difference and properly exempts most  nonbank financial institutions from stress tests. That, in turn, again,  Mr. Speaker, will lower the cost and increase the rates of return for  Main Street investors across our great State of Maine and across  America.   Mr. Speaker, I thank you very much for the opportunity to address  this very important issue, and I encourage everyone, Republicans and  Democrats, both sides of the aisle, to please vote ``yes'' for H.R.  4566, Alleviating Stress Test Burdens to Help Investors Act.    Mr. Speaker, who says that a terrific Representative  from one of the most urban areas in the country, Los Angeles,  California, cannot get together with a Representative from one of the  most rural parts of America up in the great State of Maine?   I thank Ranking Member Waters for her extension of bipartisanship. I  also thank Chairman Hensarling very much for brokering this. This is  going to be a great day for America, a great day for Maine, and a great  day for California.   