 Mr. Chair, I want to first thank Chairman  Thornberry and Ranking Member Smith for bringing a solid, bipartisan  defense authorization bill to the floor.   As we consider one of the largest defense authorizations since World  War II, we must demand responsible leadership from both the Pentagon  and the Commander in Chief.   Responsible leadership starts with fiscal responsibility. A larger  budget doesn't guarantee a more capable force. We must spend our money  wisely. Instead of spending money on parades and walls or cutting  civilian jobs that support our worldwide mission, we should focus on  modernization, warfighter readiness, and our technological edge.   Responsible leadership, beginning with President Trump, must keep  faith with those who serve and treat them fairly and justly. We are  providing our troops with the largest pay raise in nearly a decade, but  we must also honor the service of every American: the transgender  soldier overseas, the Dreamer ready to defend the only country they  know, the HBCU student aspiring to a national security career. And  every member should be able to serve free from sexual harassment and  assault.   Responsible leadership requires our national security leadership team  to be responsive to evolving challenges and make strategic choices.   Our adversaries are attempting to shape the future. Russia is  meddling in democratic elections worldwide and disregarding  international borders and treaties. We cannot ignore this.   Our competitors are deploying every tool--military, economic,  information, and diplomatic--and so must the United States.   While China has outlined strategies through 2050 to become the  dominant global power, we must not hamstring our Defense Department or  limit the diplomatic and development efforts.   This bill gives our armed services the tools and resources they need  to defend our homeland, promote our values abroad, and respond to  security threats around the world.   Congress is doing its part, and the administration must do its, to  move from the vagaries of a Commander in Chief to responsible  leadership within a strategic framework.   