 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Montana for  yielding and for his work on the committee. As my colleague from New  York has just said, this has been a bipartisan effort, and I appreciate  that. It is bipartisan in the Senate, as well.   Seventeen years ago yesterday, our world changed forever. Every one  of us  [[Page H8138]]  remembers where we were that day. It is getting harder to remember life  before 9/11. We have a whole generation that doesn't know what it is  like to go to an airport and not take off their shoes, or not sit on  board a plane and wonder if somebody is meaning them harm.   I was working in New York City in 2001, right up the block from the  Trade Center, and on that terrible, sunny Tuesday when terrorists flew  two planes into the New York World Trade Center, we lost nearly 3,000  of our fellow citizens. Like others, I lost people who I knew. Some  lost those dearest to them: their husbands, their wives, their mothers  and fathers, their sons and daughters, brothers and sisters, and close  friends.   We were also moved that day by stories of heroism, and we all watched  as New York's finest and first responders from elsewhere in the region  ran toward danger, not away from it.   In the months that followed, I had to take the ferry to New York each  morning because the tunnel was closed. And I think it seared on my  memory for life the look and the smell of going past Lower Manhattan  and seeing the rubble still smoldering and smelling the electrical  fires still burning.   Mr. Speaker, 10 years later to the day, on 9/11/2011, the memorial at  the World Trade Center opened. It was erected to remember those who  fell; to recognize the endurance of the survivors; to honor the bravery  of those who risked their lives to save others; and above all, to  remember the power of our free Nation to overcome evil with good.   It stands as a reminder to every generation: Never forget. Never  falter.   Mr. Speaker, most Americans probably don't know that that memorial  was erected with donations from privat citizens, and it has continued  for 7 years now with donations from private citizens. I commend them  for their good work.    But it is now our turn, the United States Congress, to do our part to  preserve and protect this hallowed ground, and to answer this national  tragedy with national support. I introduced this bill to start a  process for providing funding for this memorial and other memorials of  what happened on 9/11, and it will provide, ultimately, funding for  security, for maintenance, for operations, and still allow those who  run the museum there and who have poured their hearts and souls into  this, to continue to do that.   I commend the private citizens for doing what they have done, but it  is now our solemn duty to not only honor the fallen, but make sure that  we protect the living, and that this site is a safe place for people to  go and to remember.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the 9/11 Memorial Act. Again, I want  to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for coming together  to introduce and, hopefully, pass this bill today.   I want to thank my colleague in the Senate, Cory Booker, for  introducing similar legislation so that we can do our part to honor  those who fell.   