 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session for the en bloc consideration of the  following nominations: Executive Calendar Nos. 467 and 858.    I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the  nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if  confirmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table en bloc; that the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's action; that no further motions be in order; that any  statements relating to the nominations be printed in the Record, and  the Senate resume legislative session.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be  in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  now proceed to the en bloc consideration of the following Senate  resolutions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 589, S. Res.  590, and S. Res. 591.   There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the  resolutions en bloc.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary  Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate  now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 578.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary  Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate  now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 580.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 344, S. 2278.    I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported  amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a  third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   