 Madam President, thank you very much.   I want to thank my colleagues from Arizona and Delaware for being  here today and for their leadership. I join them in asking the Senate  to pass the Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act by unanimous  consent.   The Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act is a bipartisan  bill. Again, I repeat, this is about the legislative branch asserting a  commonsense check and balance on Presidential overreach. It is not  divided along party lines; it is a bipartisan bill.  [[Page S7154]]    This bill is about ideals that we all are aligned with--independence,  integrity, and the ability of the special counsel and future special  counsels to do their job effectively, without interference from a  President. This is a proactive bill aimed at ensuring that now and in  the future, we have appropriate checks and balances in place to prevent  a constitutional crisis.   The bill is becoming more urgent. We know that there was an attack on  our democracy. We know that there were and are foreign agents who  attempted and are attempting to manipulate and undermine our democratic  institutions. We need to understand what happened and how to prevent it  from happening again and to hold those people accountable for their  actions.   The preservation of the special counsel investigation is indeed a  matter of national security, but we know that the special counsel is in  danger. We know he is in danger because even just yesterday, the  President was again maligning and mischaracterizing the special counsel  investigation. We know there is danger because just a few weeks ago,  the President fired Attorney General Sessions and named Matthew  Whitaker as the Acting Attorney General to oversee the Mueller  investigation. We know that Acting Attorney General Whitaker has a  history of criticizing and debasing the very investigation he is now  responsible for overseeing. In 2017, he wrote an op-ed calling this  investigation into our national security a ``witch hunt.''   This investigation must be allowed to continue without interference.  This investigation must continue for our national security. We are all  stewards of our democracy. It has been sustained by this ideal: that no  one, not even the President of the United States, is above the law. We  must act quickly to protect and secure this fundamental democratic  ideal. This is a sobered, measured, bipartisan bill that will achieve  those ends.   I now yield to my colleague from Arizona.   