 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his patience  on this issue.   I want to start by thanking the Senator from Kansas, Mr. Moran, and,  more specifically, also thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. Zeldin)  for his hard work on the House companion legislation to S.J. Res. 57.   Let me give my colleagues a brief history of the situation we are  discussing today.   Dodd-Frank, specifically, barred the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau from regulating all dealers. The Bureau did it anyway. In doing  so, the CFPB didn't adhere to the Administrative Procedure Act,  choosing instead to push this rule forward. They pushed it through  based not on sound evidence or thoughtful methodology; rather, Bureau  staff seem to have conducted the research backwards. They came up with  the answer they wanted, and then they wrote the questions.   The simple truth of the matter is that the Bureau seized an  opportunity to test congressional intent and expand its jurisdiction.  Today, we are exercising not just our right, but our constitutional  duty, to rescind the indirect auto guidance that is blatantly  unprofessional and illegal.   And again, the CFPB--let me just reinforce this. CFPB does not have  oversight of automobile transactions because Dodd-Frank specifically  prohibited it, and they did it anyway.   My colleagues and I have stood on this floor time after time and  warned of the dangers of this most powerful and completely  unaccountable agency. Allowing the Bureau to move forward on such a  rule would have been negligence on our part.   Unfortunately, this isn't the first time we have seen this play out,  and it won't be the last. Across the financial regulatory spectrum,  agencies have abused their authority, dodging congressional oversight  by promulgating guidance that, in reality, acts as a rule. This has to  end, Mr. Speaker.   I want to again extend my thanks to the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Zeldin) for his constant efforts in holding this government accountable  and commend the Senate for their action on this and ask my colleagues  on both sides of the aisle to join us in advocating for a more  responsible approach to guidance and rulemaking.   