 Mr. Speaker, everyone knows this is a joke. It is all  pretend and never going to become law. It is never going to happen.  People are going to support it because voting for a balanced budget  amendment is like voting for motherhood and apple pie. But everybody on  this floor knows this is all pretend.   The time to deal with spending was 3 weeks ago. Three weeks ago was  the time for political courage and some discipline. Some political will  was 3 weeks ago, when we got a 2,232-page bill that we had 15 hours to  look at. That was when we needed to deal with spending.   Fifteen hours to look at a $1.3 trillion spending package, the second  largest spending package in American history, and we had 15 hours to  look at it?   Oh, and guess what. Do you know how long we got to debate it? One  hour. On a 3-page bill that is never going to happen, do you know how  long we are debating this? Four hours.   The time for political courage was 3 weeks ago. The last vote we took  before the Easter recess, $1.3 trillion of spending, funding things we  as Republicans said we would never fund, not funding things we told the  voters we were going to fund, and then we go home and we come back, and  the first thing we do with 4 hours of debate--not 1, like we had on  that bill--is a bill that is never going to happen.   It is no wonder Americans hate this place. It is no wonder they are  cynical. I don't blame them. This ticks me off. There is just no other  way to say it. More importantly, it ticks off the American people, and  it should.   For the last 24 hours, everyone in this town has been focused on who  is going to be the next Speaker. Let me tell you something, a much more  important question than who is going to be the next Speaker, who is  going to be the Speaker next year, is what are Republicans going to do  this year? Are we going to get back to doing what the American people  elected us to do on November 8, 2016? Are we going to get back to doing  what we told them we were going to do, the mandate of that election, or  are we going to keep doing pretend things like this?   Let's do what we said. We make this so hard. Let's just do what we  said we would do. That will be good politics, and, more importantly,  that would be good policy for the hardworking families of this great  country.   