 Mr. President, at a time when we are facing serious  international challenges, from Russian meddling, to North Korean sabre- rattling, to an increasingly assertive China, it is very essential that  the President have a qualified Secretary of State whom he trusts to be  on the job.   Mike Pompeo unquestionably understands the international challenges  we face and is more than capable of being a very effective Secretary of  State. When I talk to our allies, they are anxious to see him on the  job.   Unfortunately, some on the other side of the aisle are now claiming  that he is not suited for the post of Secretary of State because of  positions he took as a Member of Congress or his holding to traditional  Christian teachings, as if a person's religion ought to have something  to say about their being in public office or public service. Others  have spoken about that, and I don't have a whole lot more to add on  that point. I would note the irony, though, that many of the Senators  who are most likely to vote against Cabinet nominees are also rumored  to have Presidential ambitions. They should ask themselves if they  truly want to live with the precedent they are setting.   You don't have to like the President personally or support the  President's policies, but as an American, it is in all of our interests  to have a fully functioning executive branch, especially when it comes  to foreign policy.   If a mainstream Republican former Member of Congress is deemed  unacceptable because of his beliefs, how should mainstream Republicans  vote when faced with future nominees who do not share the beliefs that  Republicans hold? Should Republicans just willy-nilly vote against any  future nominee who does not share our political or religious views?   That said, I would like to focus on other attributes of Director  Pompeo's which some have criticized but which I see as assets.   By all accounts, this nominee's tenure at the CIA has been a success.  However, some Senators who supported him then are now arguing that he  should not be Secretary of State because he is not diplomatic enough.   First, let's dismiss the more radical talking points about his being  a warmonger. The theory is that President Trump is liable to start a  war at any moment, so we need to force him, as President, to have  Cabinet officials surrounding him who will counteract his impulses. We  could have a hypothetical debate about whether, if the American people  elect a warmonger as President, he should be allowed to appoint a  warmonger Cabinet, but suffice it to say that I don't think that label  applies to Mike Pompeo or Donald Trump, and I view such accusations as  simply cheap partisan talking points.   On the other hand, it is fair to say that Mike Pompeo doesn't always  couch his words in diplomatic niceties. He doesn't mince words about  the threats that we face. And his time at the CIA has surely enhanced  his strategic thinking. That is good, and that is exactly what we need  at the State Department. We need less diplomatic double-talk and more  clear-eyed, strategic thinking about international threats.   Real diplomacy isn't always about sweet talk. Sometimes it requires  taking a firm stand, and to be effective, it should be part of a  strategic vision that incorporates all the elements of statecraft. For  instance, I hope we have finally discarded once and for all the  diplomatic impulse to make unilateral concessions to President Putin in  hopes they will be reciprocated, as exemplified by the Obama-Clinton  reset. We all know it didn't really reset. If you understand Russian  history and Russian political culture, you know that Russians,  especially from a KGB pedigree, are likely to see this as a sign of  weakness to be exploited. Diplomatic overtures to the Russians without  a corresponding demonstration of strength are simply an invitation to  further aggression and misbehavior.   I think we are finally arriving at a bipartisan consensus that Russia  is a major geopolitical foe. Mike Pompeo has made clear that he has no  doubts about the threat from Russia. He understands the need to push  back and push back hard against Russia's attempt to dominate its  neighbors and sow discord in the West. The threat from Russia will need  a strategic plan that integrates all the elements of statecraft,  including government-to-government diplomacy alongside military  deterrence, intelligence and counterintelligence, cyber security, and  [[Page S2423]]  public diplomacy, just to name a few, and there are a lot of others.   Another area where some clear-eyed strategic thinking is even more  crucial is our approach to the People's Republic of China. So I just  stated: Consider China a bigger threat than Russia. I just returned  from a trip to China with several colleagues at the beginning of this  month. It was an eye-opener. We hear a lot about how China is embracing  capitalism and becoming more and more like us. Just don't believe it.  The Chinese Communist Party has modified its economic policy to allow  for economic growth, but it still serves the interests of the state,  not the interests of the people. It is not a free market, clearly,  because they admit that their economic system is what they would call  authoritative capitalism, aka mercantilism.   I visited with government officials at the national and local level,  Chinese and American businesses, and American diplomats. The Chinese  officials and the Chinese businesses had their talking points down  almost too well. However, the impression that I took away from the  visit is that the Chinese Government will do anything--legal or  illegal, moral or immoral, ethical or unethical--to get ahead of the  United States, and when they get ahead, to stay ahead.   China coined the term ``peaceful rise'' to describe its drive to  become a great power, which is designed to sound very benign. In fact,  China later changed this slogan ``peaceful rise'' to ``peaceful  development'' out of concern that the word ``rise'' sounds threatening.  Just to be clear, I am not threatened by Chinese economic growth.   The development of a truly peaceful, free market democracy, no matter  how large, would not be threatening because democracies generally do  not threaten each other, and free enterprise is mutually beneficial.  The fact that so many Chinese people have been lifted out of poverty  and into the middle class is a good news story for humanity. It is also  good for the United States. The more Chinese people who can afford to  buy our pork and soybeans, our John Deere tractors, and our advanced  manufacturing, the better for Iowa and our national economy.   Free trade on a level playing field enriches both participants.  Unfortunately, China is not interested in a level playing field. It  seeks dominance economically, militarily, and politically. Confucius  said: ``Heaven does not have two suns and the people do not have two  kings.'' By the same token, the Chinese leadership does not think there  is room for two great powers in the world.   China seeks the advantage of trade with the United States but not  mutually beneficial free trade in the spirit of the WTO. Despite having  a middle class that is bigger than ours in the United States in  absolute numbers, China still claims to need special preferences  extended to developing countries. China erects nontariff barriers in  ways that just very barely skirt triggering WTO compliance in violation  of the spirit of the level playing field the WTO seeks to create.   The Chinese military is 60 percent larger than the U.S. military, and  its efforts to claim exclusive control over the South China Sea, in  violation of international law by creating artificial islands, reveals  an expansionist impulse. You can't hide those islands. You know it  implies dominance.   However, the threat from China is not mainly military. The  influential ancient Chinese military strategist Sun Tzu focused on the  role of deception over combat. He famously said: ``To subdue the enemy  without fighting is the acme of skill.''   Now, get this. The problem we face is, we are being treated like an  enemy to be subdued without realizing it. I say all of this not to be  an alarmist but to point out that China sees itself in a long-term  strategic struggle with the United States. We don't need to overreact  to this fact, but we do need to be aware and to apply some clear-eyed  strategic thinking of our own. In that respect, Mike Pompeo's unique  background seems perfectly aligned with the task ahead to develop a  strategic foreign policy toward China incorporating all the elements of  statecraft.   Because I have mentioned aspects of Chinese culture to illuminate the  strategic thinking on the part of the People's Republic of China, I  don't want to give the impression that this is a clash of  civilizations. On the contrary, it is not traditional Chinese culture  that is the problem; it is the unreconstructed Leninist nature of the  state system that is the problem.   It is sometimes claimed that Chinese culture is not compatible with  democracy, but that is hogwash. The proof to the contrary is the  Republic of China on Taiwan. Taiwan is a fully functioning, prosperous  democracy with the same Chinese culture and traditions.   This same democracy is what mainland China could have also if it is  able to shed its one-party dictatorship, and I hope it will shed that  someday.   In the meantime, we need leaders in our government who see China  clearly and have the ability to think strategically. Mike Pompeo seems  to me to be just that kind of a person, so I am happy to support his  confirmation as Secretary of State.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   