 Madam President, let me say publicly what I have said  privately to Senator Tillis and Senator Lankford.   Thank you for your leadership.   They have done an extraordinary job trying to come up with a solution  to the issue, the problem, the challenge that they have already  described. I would like to add a little color to some of that, but they  have done extraordinary work to try to come up with a compassionate but  legal framework by which we can resolve this issue.   I have been in the Senate since 2002, and I have been through the  immigration wars more times than I care to count. We keep working very  hard on this issue, and we always seem to come up short. I come from a  State that is one of the most diverse States ethnically in the country,  and that is because we have been a big job creator, and a lot of people  have been moving there looking for opportunities. We have a large  Hispanic population. It makes sense. We are Texas, after all--used to  be a part of Mexico. About 38 percent of my constituents are Hispanic,  and I know that is a large part of the population we are looking at  when it comes to the Dreamers. There are about 124,000 Dreamers in my  State and others who are eligible who, frankly, are in a little bit of  a box, not knowing how to deal with their situation.   When I think about immigration, I think about the two great pillars  that have made our country great. No. 1, we are a nation of immigrants.  We have benefited from the fact that people have fled religious  persecution. They have fled poverty. They have come to the United  States to experience the sort of freedom that our country has  guaranteed to each and every one of us and the opportunity to pursue  the American dream. That, to me, is one of the great things that have  made our country the envy of the world. The other part and the part  that I think sometimes people tend to overlook and forget is, what  makes America great? We are a nation of laws. We are a nation of  immigrants, and we are a nation of laws. When we forget either one of  those pillars, I think we risk damaging this wonderful inheritance that  we have gotten from our parents and grandparents and people who have  gone before us.   I view this responsibility that we all share together here in the  Congress as a sacred trust. We are the stewards of that inheritance.  Shame on us if we don't do everything within our power to pass that on  to the next generation and beyond.   By way of a little bit of background, I think sometimes people get-- it is just natural. We become familiar with these terms like ``DACA.''  People may be listening on TV, saying: What in the heck is DACA?   We say: That is a easy. It is deferred action for childhood arrivals.   They ask: What is that?   We say: We are talking about the Dreamers.   That is what Senator Durbin and others have talked about because  there is something called the Dream Act that has been introduced and  has been advocated for. Basically, what we are talking about are  children--now young adults--who were brought into the United States by  their parents, and their parents came into the country illegally--that  is, they didn't comply with the normal process of applying for  citizenship; they came into the country. We all understand why, what  motivates a lot of people. A lot of people think, well, I am going to  short-circuit the process, jump to the head of the line.   The fact is--and I think Senator Lankford said this--in the United  States, we don't hold children responsible for the mistakes of their  parents. So these children--now young adults--who maybe are able to  pursue an education, many of whom have become very accomplished, simply  are in a box. I think we have a moral obligation. We have an obligation  to ourselves and to our great country to try to take advantage of the  talent they have to offer and to help them become full-fledged  participants in this great country of ours.    I remember being over at the White House in 2012 after the November  election. Speaker Boehner was there. Congressman McCarthy, the majority  leader, was there. Senator McConnell, the Senate majority leader, was  there. I was there. President Obama was there, along with his staff.  The President had for some time threatened to try to deal with this  population, this sympathetic population that we are talking about, that  we want to try to provide some assistance to. He was frustrated with  the slow pace of Congress, and so he was just going to do it by  himself. That is what we mean when we talk about deferred action for  childhood arrivals. President Obama decided to make an end run around  Congress, which has the primary responsibility on immigration matters  under the Constitution, and to do it by himself.   Well, haste makes waste sometimes. What happened is that these  690,000--I think at one point it was as many as 700,000 or 800,000 who  have actually qualified. Many have dropped off. About 690,000 young  adults signed up for this deferred action for childhood arrivals, which  allowed them some security but also gave them access to work permits.   Can you imagine what their reaction was when the Federal courts held  that what President Obama did was not legal? It was illegal.   When President Trump came into office, he did, I believe, the right  thing and said: The courts have spoken. This is not something the  President can do by himself or herself; this is something in which  Congress needs to get involved.   So he kicked it over to Congress. Thankfully, he gave us some time to  act. I believe the date is March 5, after which DACA beneficiaries or  recipients can no longer apply for a 2-year period of deferred action.  That is exactly the right thing to do because it has precipitated this  debate, it has precipitated these negotiations, and it has precipitated  a reality check for many of our Democratic friends that, you know, we  are a nation of immigrants but we are also a nation of laws.   One reason why I believe this President was elected was because  people were enormously frustrated with the lack of border security,  with the failure to enforce our immigration laws, and with President  Obama's end run around Congress to try to do this unilaterally. This is  what precipitated the sorts of negotiations in which we have all been  engaged. Senator Tillis and Senator Lankford have been leaders in that  effort, putting together an incredible effort to come up with a  compassionate and lawful solution and one that respects both of those  pillars of our legacy--a nation of immigrants and a nation of laws.   That is why it is so offensive to me for the Democratic leader to  decide he is going to ignore the needs of all the children. I think  there are roughly 9 million children who benefit from the Children's  Health Insurance Program. He is going to give our military the back of  his hand--and military families--by holding our needed support for them  hostage so that they can somehow force us to deal with this DACA  situation today or last night, and if we don't do it, they are going to  shut down the U.S. Government.   These 690,000 young men and women truly should be the subject of our  compassion, but why would we hold 320 million people hostage to try to  get a solution for these 690,000, when we are already hard at work to  try to negotiate in good faith an outcome? It just makes no sense at  all to me.   I appreciate the meetings that we had that Senator Tillis alluded to.  The one at the White House--I think it was Tuesday. Was it last week?  It seems like a year ago. President Trump invited the press into this  bipartisan, bicameral meeting. Ordinarily, what happens after the press  comes in and takes pictures and asks a few questions is that they are  ushered out, but President Trump let them stay in the Cabinet Room for  about 45 or 50 minutes. It was the most incredible experience I have  ever had, certainly, in that sort of context dealing with sensitive  issues like immigration.  [[Page S338]]    I think it was a very positive meeting because it provoked  instruction by the President for Majority Leader McCarthy; the  Democratic whip, Senator Durbin; the majority whip, Senator Cornyn; and  Steny Hoyer, the minority leader in the House. We were instructed to do  what Senator Tillis described earlier: come up with a solution to this  problem and address the DACA population.   How do we show some compassion? How do we get these young adults out  of a quandary not of their making but also deal with border security? I  happen to come from a State that has 1,200 miles of common border with  Mexico. Senator Tillis described his experience with Senator Heller. I  was happy to host them because I think seeing it is worth a thousand  words. Hopefully, they enjoyed the experience and learned something  from it as well.   The Texas-Mexico border is about 2,000 miles long. What the Border  Patrol has told me is that they need various tools to secure the  border. They need infrastructure like the Secure Fence Act that we  voted on in 2006. Then-Senator Obama and then-Senator Clinton and  Senator Schumer, the Democratic leader, all voted in favor of the  Secure Fence Act. Some people call it a wall. Some people call it a  fence. Some people call it tactical infrastructure. Whatever you call  it, it is a barrier. It is an essential component of border security at  some parts of the border, but it is only part of the system.   The system needs to include technology--whether it is unmanned aerial  vehicles, ground sensors, radars, aerostats that we saw high in the  sky--to try to protect our country against transnational criminal  organizations that exploit our porous border to import poison, illegal  drugs; that traffic in children for sex or other illicit purposes; or  that import their gang members into the United States, only to wreak  havoc on communities here in the United States. The object of most of  the mayhem associated with that porous border is the immigrant  communities in the United States. People act as if there is no negative  downside to this porous border and illegal immigration, but I will tell  you that frequently the devastation that is wreaked on Americans and on  people living here in the United States is in immigrant communities,  where these folks do most of their harm.   We are working very hard to try to come up with a solution, and it is  frankly insulting that the Democratic leader would try to jam this  through and hold hostage all of these other very important programs  when we are working in good faith to try to meet that March 5 deadline,  and I have every confidence we will. But the border is a little more  complicated.   One of the things Secretary Nielsen, the Secretary of the Department  of Homeland Security, has pointed out is that because of a provision in  the U.S. law, if you immigrate illegally into the United States from  Mexico, for example, the Border Patrol can offer you the opportunity to  go back rather than process you for illegal immigration and later  deport you, but not if you come from a noncontiguous country, like  Central America--Guatemala, El Salvador, for example, Honduras. So what  we have seen is thousands of people coming across our southern border  exploiting that loophole in our law.   Let me give one example. I asked Secretary Nielsen the other day: If  there is a 17-year-old man--you may call him a boy, but for all  practical purposes, he is a man, but he has not yet reached 18. If you  know from his tattoos--frequently, that is how gang members are  identified by the Border Patrol law enforcement officials, from the  tattoos they bear. So you know they are members of the MS-13 gang, one  of the most violent gangs emanating from Central America and actually  Los Angeles, as well, and many of them have migrated back to Central  America. Many of them prey on children back there but come up here as  part of the drug distribution networks in the United States.   If you know this is a member of MS-13, but they are 17 years old, is  there anything you can do under existing law to bar them from the  country? She said no.   Under the law, they are required to process that person because he is  a minor technically, even though he is a man for all practical  purposes, and then Health and Human Services must then place him with a  sponsor in the United States. It might be a relative. It doesn't have  to be a relative. The previous administration didn't even vet those  sponsors adequately, so we don't know how many children who were placed  with those sponsors may have been preyed upon, trafficked, recruited as  gang members, or otherwise abused.   But this 17-year-old young man, a member of MS-13, would then be  placed with a sponsor in the United States and be told, if he had  claimed asylum, to come back in a couple of years for his court hearing  before an immigration judge.   Senator Lankford, I believe, stated that hundreds of thousands people  are backlogged for hearings before immigration judges. We need more  immigration judges. In the process, they are told to show back up for a  court hearing years in the future, and only about 10 percent show up. I  used to say this was sort of an intelligence test--tongue-in-cheek. If  you showed up, you flunked the intelligence test, because what most  people do is they exploit that vulnerability to simply melt into the  great American landscape and become a danger, frankly, to the  communities in which they ultimately settle. So this is serious  business.   My constituents in Texas--all 28 million of them--want a  compassionate solution for these DACA recipients. I mentioned that  there are 124,000 of them who signed up, and there are others who were  eligible who did not sign up because they are afraid of the government.  They come from places where government is their oppressor frequently,  so they have a hard time trusting government even when government is  trying to help them in the United States.   My constituents want a solution, but they are sick and tired of the  Federal Government failing to do its job on the border. An  international border is by definition a Federal responsibility, but the  taxpayers in Texas are required to pick up the tab when the Federal  Government doesn't live up to its responsibilities, and that has been  the status quo for as long as I can remember.   It is frankly galling to hear politicians here in Washington, DC,  say: Well, we need to do something to help immigrants--and I am happy  to do it as the occasion arises, where it is appropriate, particularly  like the DACA recipients. Others, I think, need to be deported as soon  as we can because frankly they are a danger to the rest of the law- abiding communities here in the country.    It is frustrating to hear people talk about just one of those two  pillars I mentioned. They say: Yeah, we are a nation of immigrants, and  we should welcome immigrants. But they don't want to do anything about  our porous borders, and they couldn't care less about making sure we  have enough border security to protect us from the drugs, the  traffickers, and the violence that finds its way into communities all  across our country.   So here is the problem: Funding for the Federal Government expires at  midnight tonight, and a partial government shutdown will occur if we  don't pass a continuing resolution. Our colleagues in the House did  their job; they passed a continuing resolution to keep the government  up and running until February 16.   I really had a hard time believing what I heard my friend Senator  Schumer say last night. He said we need to kill this continuing  resolution because we need to pass another continuing resolution  because continuing resolutions are bad for the military. Well, he lost  me on that argument because it makes no sense. It is true that  continuing resolutions are bad for the military. That is why we need to  get into a regular appropriations process. But does he think a shutdown  is good for the military? Does he think a shutdown is good for the 9  million children who depend upon the Children's Health Insurance  Program? I think his priorities are completely out of whack.   In my home State, just to take one example, the Army Medical Command  said that 2,539 civilian employees at Joint Base San Antonio will be  subject to furlough, representing $188 million in salaries. Some 12,000  Texas Guardsmen won't be able to drill either. I am aware of the  Presiding Officer's distinguished service in the Guard, and she  [[Page S339]]  knows what I am talking about. They won't be able to train, they won't  be able to prepare for deployments to protect the homeland, and, of  course, they won't get paid.   It is estimated that 200,000 Texans will be furloughed with the  government shutdown, so it is not just the folks who live in the DC  area here in Washington, Virginia, and Maryland, where we have a lot of  government employees; people across the country will be negatively  affected too.   Our Democratic colleagues' strategy to hold the military funding and  children's health insurance hostage is a complete and shameless  reversal of what they claimed in the past. It is a complete and  shameless reversal. In 2013, the senior Senator from Illinois said that  a shutdown is ``no way to run a country.'' He decried what he called  ``political brinkmanship,'' saying we need to stop ``manufacturing one  crisis after the next.'' Well, I wish he and his colleagues would look  in the mirror and listen to their own previous comments. America needs  them to.   The truth is, as the Senate majority leader has said, our friends on  the other side of the aisle do not oppose a single thing in the bill  that the House passed yesterday. They don't oppose anything in the  bill. The Senate majority leader is right that this should be an easy  ``yes'' vote for every Senator in the Chamber. The bill continues  government funding, prevents a needless shutdown, and, as I said,  extends a key health insurance program for vulnerable children.   How in the heck did we get here? How did the Democrats decide that no  was the right answer? Well, we worked hard last month and all this  month to try to negotiate long-term spending caps that would bring  stability back to government funding. One of the biggest issues was to  try to make sure we funded our military in a way that helped them  prepare and get ready to fight our Nation's wars or, better yet, to  prevent future wars by demonstrating the kind of strength and  leadership the people have come to expect from the U.S. military. But  our Democratic leadership made it clear that they would stall a final  agreement on those spending caps until this unrelated issue of deferred  action for childhood arrivals that we have been talking about, which  doesn't expire until March 5--they were going to hold all the rest of  that hostage until it was resolved. They made it clear that they were  willing to shut down vital programs for the rest of the country because  we haven't agreed on how to resolve that issue, but we are working hard  on it. I had another meeting here today on that. I have actually had  three meetings today on that topic, and we are going to get it done  before the deadline.   While that issue is important and affects roughly 690,000 people, our  country is made up of over 320 million people--people who pay taxes,  people who expect the Federal Government to work for them. They sure  don't expect to be not paid or laid off or furloughed, if you are a  government employee. If you are a citizen expecting the government to  provide some service but because the bills aren't being paid because  Democrats have shut down the government--well, you are being denied  access to the services you have a right to expect.   Our Democratic colleagues are engaged in a dangerous game of chicken,  and they could well crash the government just to appease extreme  elements in their party, and all of it, every bit of it, is absolutely  unnecessary.   Let's call this what it is. Our colleagues are playing favorites and  turning their backs on military families and the security needs of the  American people. I think that after they had a good night's sleep last  night, they probably woke up this morning thinking: What have we done?  How do we get out of this? That is why I know the President called  Senator Schumer, the Democratic leader, over to the White House earlier  today. The report I got was that Senator Schumer said: Let's have  another short-term continuing resolution, maybe until next Tuesday.   Well, that wouldn't solve anything. That would make none of this  better. It would just continue the chaos and leave all the things we  need to settle, unsettled.   Well, the President did the right thing. He told him: Look, you go  back and you talk to the Speaker and the Senate majority leader and you  guys work that out. This is what you get paid for. Get her done.   That is good advice.   The threat of a shutdown by the Democratic leader and his colleagues  ignores the overwhelming majority of this country that suddenly feels  they are not as important as the few they are focused on--the DACA  recipients. All Senate Finance Committee Democrats voted for a 5-year  SCHIP extension in October, so they are now actually threatening to  vote against a program that Senate Democrats on the Finance Committee  voted for. I guess, in the immortal words of John Kerry, they were for  it before they were against it. Have they forgotten that if Democrats  shut down the government, nearly 9 million kids could lose their CHIP  coverage? And why? Because we haven't yet been able to come up with an  agreement on something--an immigration issue--but our deadline isn't  until March. It is not yesterday. It is not today. It is not until  March 5. We hope to get it done earlier. I expect we will.    Have they forgotten the 78 percent of defense workers who could be  furloughed, laid off; that Active-Duty troops, as well as Guard and  Reserve members, would not get paid? In Virginia, there are some  178,000 Federal workers. In Maryland, there are over 145,000. I hope  they are on the phone calling their Senators and their Congresspeople.  Those are two States that are both represented by Members prepared to  shut down the government tonight. In Texas, as I said, there are some  200,000 Federal employees. All of them will be affected, and everybody  else who depends on them to protect our State and our communities--or  to provide services that benefit everybody else--they are going to be  negatively impacted too. Paychecks could cease, services will be  disrupted, all because of an unrelated immigration issue that will not  get resolved if the government shuts down.   That is what is so maddening. Shutting down the government will not  solve that problem. I think they are out over their skis, and they are  trying to figure out how do we get this thing back and save face in the  process. They are realizing this is a very bad judgment call and that  their action was entirely disproportionate to resolving the issue they  want to resolve--and one we are determined to resolve with them in due  course.   Let's recall that the 2013 shutdown resulted in the furlough of  850,000 employees and billions of dollars of lost economic  productivity. So when the senior Senator from California said yesterday  that the results of a shutdown are extremely dire, she wasn't being  hyperbolic. She wasn't exaggerating when she talked about the big risks  that lie ahead if we don't act. Well, I pray she and her Democratic  colleagues will stop stalling, stop playing favorites, and stop daring  us to engage in a game of chicken.   I will say it again one last time. We have been negotiating in good  faith on a solution for the DACA recipients, and we will continue to do  so, but shutting down the government will not solve that problem, and  millions of people, including our military, law enforcement, and  emergency personnel, could lose their paycheck if Democrats follow  through on their threat.   The time to stop playing games is now. We urge them--no--we implore  them: Do not shut down the government.   I yield the floor.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).   