 I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the proposed  rescission package, the so-called Spending Cuts to Expired and  Unnecessary Programs Act.   I do not think these are unnecessary programs. They are vital  programs, and our rural communities all across America rely upon them.   For example, the administration is proposing a rescission of $37  million to the Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and  Grant Program at USDA. This program provides funding for clean and  reliable drinking water systems, sanitary sewage disposal, sanitary  solid waste disposal, and stormwater drainage to households and  businesses in rural areas.   With all due respect, that does not seem unnecessary to me. In fact,  we in Congress provided a special appropriation of $500 million for  this program in fiscal year 2017, in addition to regular program funds,  to begin to address the backlog in this program.    Even after the 2017 bill was enacted, the National Rural Water  Association estimated there was a remaining backlog of more than $2  billion. This rescission will only push us back down the hill in our  efforts to address the needs for clean water and wastewater disposal in  rural areas.   This package also takes away nearly $15 million from the Value-Added  Agricultural Product Market Development  [[Page H4875]]  Grant program; $40 million from the Rural Housing Service rental  assistance program; $14.7 million from the Rural Cooperative  Development Grant program; and $147 million from the Farm and Ranch  Lands Protection Program. And that just names a few. There are even  more cuts across agriculture, rural development, energy, and  conservation programs.    Mr. Speaker, in total, the rescission is more  than $15 billion. I cannot emphasize enough how much this bill will  hurt our farmers, our ranchers, and all those who live in rural  America.   I ask my colleagues to join me in standing up for rural communities  by rejecting this unconscionable rescission bill.   