 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7217, the  IMPROVE Act.   I appreciate all the work that has been done on this bill over the  years.  [[Page H10051]]  From improving care for kids with complex medical conditions to  strengthening community-based, long-term care services for the disabled  community, there is a lot to support in this bill.   I want to highlight one portion of the bill that my colleague and  good friend Peter Welch alluded to a few moments ago. A few years ago,  families were shocked when the drug company Mylan raised the price on  EpiPen, a common generic drug used to treat allergies in emergency  situations, by more than 400 percent.   While patients were facing this sticker shock for a drug necessary to  keep them alive, investigators in the Department of Health and Human  Services and in our own House and Senate committees were doing some  digging of our own.   In the course of their investigation, they found that not only was  the manufacturer of EpiPen ripping off patients and their families,  they were ripping off the American taxpayer, too. By misclassifying  their drug as a generic when it was actually a brand drug, Medicaid was  being overcharged for years.   Further investigations by HHS found that hundreds of other drugs were  also misclassified, and Medicaid was overcharged by more than $1  billion in the 4 years between 2012 and 2016. By passing this bill  today, we can put an end to this waste and abuse in our Medicaid  system.   Under this bill, if a drug company knowingly misclassifies their  brand drug as a generic, CMS will have the power to fine that drug  company double the normal rebate they would have had to pay the  government. The bill strengthens CMS and congressional oversight of the  program to prevent this from ever happening again.   I thank Mr. Welch, and Senators Wyden and Grassley, for their active  work on this one, as well as Mr. Barton, Mr. Green, Chairman Walden,  and Mr. Pallone for including it in this great reform package.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the bill.   