 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding the  time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation, the Veterans  Benefits and Transition Act of 2018.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Roe and Ranking Member Walz and all the  members of the committee and staff who work so hard on behalf of our  veterans. I would like to congratulate Mr. Takano as chairman-elect.   This legislation we are talking about today includes reforms to  ensure America's heroes receive the benefits and recognition that they  so richly deserve. It includes several provisions that I was honored to  support during my time on the Veterans' Affairs Committee, including  updates to our educational assistance programs at the Department of  Veterans Affairs and additional emphasis on transition services  provided to our servicemembers. That one is very near and dear to me.   Importantly, it includes provisions to help the most vulnerable in  the veteran community. It includes the Homeless Veterans Reintegration  Program's Reauthorization Act, which is a bipartisan bill I introduced  with Congresswoman Brownley. This legislation ensures those eligible  for the Department of Housing and Urban Development's Veterans Affairs  Supportive Housing Program and other housing assistance programs are  also eligible for the Homeless Veterans Reintegration Program.   By prioritizing the reintegration of homeless and recently homeless  veterans, we will empower our veterans to reenter the workforce and  help them regain self-sufficiency.   This legislation also includes the Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief  Act, which I introduced along with Congresswoman Bustos. It recognizes  that after the loss of a military spouse, Gold Star families may need  flexibility to relocate to fit their family's needs.   It would help spouses like Cindy Southern, a native of Portsmouth,  Ohio, in my district. Cindy lost her husband while he was serving in  the Navy overseas during Operation Desert Storm. As she grieved, all  she wanted to do was move home, but she had signed a one-year lease on  a home in North Carolina. Her landlords refused to waive her lease  without massive termination fees. This bill would ensure Gold Star  families are not trapped into a jointly-held residential lease after  the death of a servicemember.   Mr. Speaker, our veterans have given so much to our Nation. This  legislation before us today makes sure we provide the benefits they  deserve, properly support their families, and prepare them for success  in civilian life.   