 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer my support for H.R.  1153, the Mortgage Choice Act. This bill is another example of a  rollback of the burdensome regulations of Dodd-Frank and, many would  say, unintended consequences.   The 113th Congress, as Mr. Huizenga reported out--apparently, the  Member opposed feels that her colleagues were  [[Page H912]]  confused in the 113th Congress when they unanimously supported this  very same procedure, this same change to Dodd-Frank. Apparently, all of  President Obama's supporters were also confused into forgetting to make  the big investments they have made as a reaction to the Tax Cuts and  Jobs Act that was recently enacted. So confusion must be rampant, but  let me clarify what this does.   It doesn't do the things that the Member opposed accuses it of doing.  Frankly, the market prevails here, not price controls from Washington,  D.C., nor a substitute that would say a nonaffiliated company could  offer the exact same product that the one-stop shop is barred from  offering.   So rather than have a simple procedure where a borrower could work  with one lending institution, they are forced to this array that  resembles the healthcare industry, where, instead of getting one bill  from one visit, you show up to do a mortgage and you get a bill from  five or six different entities, and it makes it more confusing.   The market lets people shop and say, ``Hey, maybe I could get this  product from someone else,'' but, unfortunately, without this change,  it blocks hardworking families from working with one relationship to  close on their mortgage. It adds one more piece in the web of  documentation required, and it adds one more thing to negotiate in the  relationship that is necessary to close on a mortgage.    The QM rule should not stand for ``quitting mortgages.'' It should  stand for ``qualified mortgages.'' The application of this has resulted  in small and community banks quitting the mortgage market for certain  types of loans, and this is hurting the families that the Member  opposed says she seeks to help.   I urge all of my colleagues to unite and support this rational,  limited modification that lets the market work the way the market can  work for the hardworking families of America.   