 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, do you remember children being separated  from their families? This crisis is far from over. As a matter of fact,  we found out it is not 2,000 children; it is 3,000 children.   A district court judge in San Diego has ordered the administration to  reunite all of the families who were separated at the border by  Thursday. Yet with the deadline looming this week, the administration  continues to cite the many obstacles it says that are hindering the  work they are trying to do to comply with the court's order.   When I went to the detention center in Homestead, FL, they said they  were going to reunite families soon thereafter. That was more than a  month and a half ago. As a matter of fact, of the 1,300 children that  had been separated from their parents, there were 70 of them who were  there.   They would not let me speak to them, so I inquired about whether the  children had been able to speak to their parents on the phone. I was  told that of the 70, 62 of the children had spoken to their parents. It  has recently been made clear why some of those families have been  unable to connect for so long. A report that was just published stated  that the administration--the Trump administration--has been charging  detained parents--get this--as much as $8 a minute to call their  children. These children were separated from their parents because the  administration separated them. That is $8 a minute if you want to talk  to your child. That is a new low.   Charging these families an exorbitant fee such as this, just to  talk--just to talk--to their children, when the cost of providing that  service is minimal, that is not even a conscionable act.   Many of those families have come and asked for political asylum. They  are asking for what the law provides, and yet we have separated the  children from their parents and have prevented those parents from  simply using the telephone to contact their children. Many of those  children are just terrified, and they are being held thousands of miles  away. It is not only unnecessary, it is simply cruel.    It also seems to fly in the face of ICE's own policy to permit calls  by detainees to immediate family members in case there are family  emergencies and to do so at a reasonable cost, certainly not $8 a  minute for poor families who don't have $1, much less $8. A number of  us in the Senate have now sent a letter urging the administration to  stop this ridiculous practice and allow those parents the ability to  talk to their children.   The list of obstacles this administration claims it is facing in  order to reunite the families seems to be never-ending. But I would  suggest that the list of obstacles the administration has created for  these families to overcome, just to see their children again, seems to  go on and on.   As a country, the United States is better than this. We should be  making it easier for these families to reconnect and ultimately bring  them back together, as the court has ordered. There are many in this  Chamber who would certainly join with me. We are not going to turn our  backs on these children. We will continue to fight to ensure that they  and everyone else are being treated the way the American people want  them to be treated.   I urge this administration to do the same, and I urge the  administration to pay attention to the letter by a couple of dozen  Senators that is coming to them today.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   