 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, my friend from  California, for the opportunity to have this time.   Representing the Central Valley in Congress has been an honor of a  lifetime. There are truly no words to express how grateful I am to my  supporters, neighbors, and all those who make the Central Valley such  an amazing place.   If you would have told me or my parents 10 years ago that I would be  here standing on the House floor, none of us would have believed you.   I have so many people to thank. First off, most importantly, my wife,  Terra, she has been an amazing supporter and, from the day I met her,  she has always just found ways to make my life better and make me a  better person.   My children--Conner, who is 16; Madeline, who is 12; and Lucas, who  is 8--have weathered the storm and been a part of this life for the  last 8 years, 2 years in the State Legislature and 6 years here,  traveling back and forth, many times away from home, not able to attend  soccer games. So it has been tough on them, and I think they are  looking forward to things being a little bit better with me having the  opportunity to be there for them more than I have had the opportunity  in the past. I am grateful for that.   I am also grateful for my team, the staff in my office, back home in  Hanford and Bakersfield, and especially here in Washington, D.C. I have  had an amazing team around me that has helped me be successful here in  Washington and at home, and I am very proud to have had them as part of  my team.   Interns throughout the years, that is something that a lot of folks  don't pay attention to, but those are all people who, even today, I  still see them walking around the halls of Congress and sometimes  around the valley, working in different industries and taking their  careers to new levels and new heights. To know that I played a small  role in their lives is something that I take a lot of pride in.   My fellow Members, the California delegation, others outside of the  delegation, I have made a lot of friends here, people that I didn't  know before, I had only seen on TV in the past and have now become good  friends, trusted, good friends, and people that I trust with so much of  my life today. I am so proud to have had that opportunity.   While I am sad to be leaving, we can take pride in knowing that we  brought about real, tangible change. We have reduced taxes for the  middle class, made huge strides in our battle for water, reformed the  dairy industry for thousands of California farmers, improved access for  healthcare to families throughout the valley, and given our troops the  support they deserve.   I am proud of all the work that we have done. I wouldn't change a  second of it. I just had a great opportunity.   So the Central Valley has always been and will always be my home, and  I am beyond grateful for the opportunity to have served in this place,  representing them.   