 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise this afternoon, along with my  distinguished colleague and the ranking member of the Senate  Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee, to  [[Page S7568]]  discuss the farm bill conference report--the Agriculture Improvement  Act of 2018.   I am grateful that my colleagues approved this measure with strong  support. The vote was 87 to 13 earlier this week. I also applaud  Members of the House for following suit with a similarly strong vote  yesterday, and we look forward to the President signing the conference  report into law soon.   The level of support is what happens when the Congress works in a  bipartisan and bicameral fashion. Senator Stabenow and I started by  listening to producers in Manhattan, KS, and then in Michigan. We  continued to listen to stakeholders from all over the country. This is  a good bill that accomplishes what producers asked us to do--first we  listened; then they asked--to provide certainty and predictability for  farmers and families in our rural communities.   The 2018 farm bill meets the needs of producers across all regions  and all crops. It doesn't matter what you grow, and it doesn't matter  whether you grow it in Kansas or elsewhere in this country--this bill  is designed to work for you. It ensures that our voluntary conservation  programs will keep farmland in operation while protecting our  agricultural lands, forests, and other natural resources.   The bill focuses on program integrity--requiring better management to  address challenges with fraud and abuse--and commonsense investments to  strengthen our nutrition programs to ensure the long-term success of  those truly in need of assistance. We make sure SNAP Employment and  Training coordinates with the private sector to provide the skills that  are needed for the jobs that are available in the workforce, and with  trade and market uncertainty, to say the least, the bill provides  certainty for our trade promotion and research programs.   Feeding an increasing global population is not simply an agriculture  challenge; it is a national security challenge. This means we need to  grow more and raise more with fewer resources. That will take  investments in research, new technology, lines of credit, animal health  activities, and proper risk management. It takes the government  providing tools and then its getting out of the producers' way. More  than 900--and counting--organizations that represent millions of  agriculture, food, nutrition, hunger, forestry, conservation, rural,  business, faith-based, research, and academic interests have issued  statements of support.   On behalf of the taxpayer, we have made tough choices and have been  very judicious with the scarce resources we have. This is a budget- neutral bill. Most importantly, this farm bill provides our ranchers,  our farmers, and other rural stakeholders in Kansas and throughout the  country with much needed certainty and predictability.   Simply put, getting this bill done has taken a team effort. I would  like to thank my staff members who are as follows: Staff Director James  Glueck, DaNita Murray, Janae Brady, Fred Clark, Meghan Cline, Haley  Donahue, Matt Erickson, Darin Guries, Chance Hunley, Chu Hwang, Chelsie  Keys, Sara Little, Curt Mann, Andy Rezendes, Rob Rosado, Wayne  Stoskopf, Katherine Thomas, and Andrew Vlasaty. From my personal  office, I thank Jackie Cottrell, Amber Kirchhoefer, Will Stafford,  Morgan Anderson, Stacy Daniels, and Ray Price.   I especially thank the distinguished ranking member, Senator  Stabenow, and her team, which is led by Joe Shultz and Jacqlyn  Schneider. She has been a great partner throughout the Senate and  conference committee process. There were some tough days, but we both  worked together to get the job done.   I am also grateful to Chairman Mike Conaway and Ranking Member Collin  Peterson as well as their staff members on the House Agriculture  Committee.   The efforts of Jessie Williams, Amanda Kelly, Bobby Mehta, Katie  Salay, and Micah Wortham have been invaluable to the Senate Ag  Committee and the conference process.   Additionally, I thank the technical support from Secretary Perdue-- the Secretary of Agriculture has been simply outstanding--as well as  his staff down at the U.S. Department of Agriculture. He has been a  great and valuable partner throughout this process. We are grateful for  his support and the President's support of our Nation's farmers,  ranchers, and growers.   I also appreciate the work of the Congressional Budget Office's  staff, including Tiffany Arthur, Megan Carroll, Kathleen FitzGerald,  Jennifer Gray, Jim Langley, and Robert Reese, as well as of the  Congressional Research Service, including Val Heitshusen and Elizabeth  Rybicki.   Finally, I am grateful for the help of the legislative counsels in  the Senate: Heather Burnham, Deanna Edwards, Larissa Eltsefon,  Christina Kennelly, Heather Lowell, Mark Mazzone, and Patrick Ryan. My  apologies to all of those folks whose names I just mispronounced.   The staff members have done a fantastic job, and I am pleased they  are members of our team.   My predecessor in this business--and one of my mentors a long time  ago--was Senator Frank Carlson, of Kansas, who said there are no self- made men and women in public office, that it is your friends who make  you what you are. I apply that to staff. All of the people I have just  mentioned represent a great team effort in our getting this legislation  passed in such fine fashion.   For all of them--and especially to my fellow Senators--we are  grateful for the support we have received this week. Together, we have  done what we were sent here to do--work in a bipartisan, bicameral  manner. This is a good bill for farmers, ranchers, growers, consumers-- many of whom may take their food supply for granted--families and rural  and smalltown America.   I yield the floor.   