 Mr. President, good afternoon. I rise today to address  the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to serve on the U.S. Supreme  Court.   As we all know, the stakes are always high when this Chamber vets and  debates and votes to confirm any of the President's Supreme Court  nominees, as they should be. This is, as we know, the highest Court in  our land. The job comes with a lifetime appointment--not 2 years, like  they have in the House of Representatives; not 4 years, like the  President; not 6 years, as we have--a lifetime. As we know, looking at  one of the Justices on the Supreme Court who is, I think, now 85 years  old, that could be a long, long time.   Those who serve on the Supreme Court make decisions that will affect  the lives of millions of Americans almost every day. That is precisely  why we expect Presidents to look for the best and brightest candidates  possible. That is why the vetting process in the Senate should be  serious and thoughtful. That is why nominees should strive to be above  reproach. Indeed, we all should strive to be above reproach. This  absolutely should be one of the toughest job interviews around because  the stakes surrounding any Supreme Court seat are just that high.   The stakes surrounding the seat vacated by Justice Kennedy may be  even higher. The next Justice may shift the balance of our Nation's  highest Court for a generation, maybe even longer. The next Justice may  very well be asked to rule on questions of Executive power that test  our democracy.   We are fooling ourselves if we refuse to acknowledge that the stakes  are so high in large part because this Chamber has yet to reckon with  the grave injustice that was done to Merrick Garland and to our  Constitution in 2016.   As many will recall, Judge Garland, who serves as the chief judge of  the DC Circuit Court--the highest Federal appeals court in our land-- was nominated by President Obama over 2 years ago to fill the seat held  by the late Justice Scalia on the Supreme Court. Shamefully, he was  denied any kind of consideration by this body. He waited 293 days for a  hearing and a vote that never came. Most Republican Senators refused to  even meet with him. A good man was treated badly, and so was our  Constitution.   The unprecedented obstruction our Republican colleagues mounted  against Judge Garland was a shameful chapter of the U.S. Senate. I am  still deeply troubled by those 293 days. I know some of my colleagues  are as well. It is likely that I will continue to be troubled by them  for the rest of my life.   We may never agree which side pulled the pin out of the grenade, but  we must all recognize that this institution will never be the same if  stealing Supreme Court seats and creating one set of rules for  Democratic Presidents and another set for Republican Presidents is the  new norm.   Despite the injustice done to Merrick Garland, Judge Gorsuch was  ultimately confirmed last year--on a bipartisan basis, I might add.   When Justice Kennedy retired earlier this year, President Trump  nominated, as we know, Judge Brett Kavanaugh to fill that seat. More  than 12 years ago, I met with Judge Kavanaugh in my office here in the  Capitol when the Senate considered his nomination to the  [[Page S6575]]  DC Circuit Court of Appeals. Back in 2006, I voted my hopes over my  fears. Unfortunately, over the last decade, many of my worst fears have  come true.   I believe that Judge Kavanaugh's extreme record on the bench that has  unfolded over the past dozen years stands in stark contrast to the  views of most Americans on too many important issues. For example,  Americans overwhelmingly support protection for those living with  preexisting conditions. Brett Kavanaugh ruled against upholding the  Affordable Care Act in 2011. That is why we expected he would side with  conservative Justices if and when cases like Texas v. United States  come before the Court. If he does, the ACA's protection for people with  preexisting conditions will be invalidated for tens of millions of  Americans.   Speaking of healthcare, Americans overwhelmingly support women having  the freedom to make their own healthcare decisions. Brett Kavanaugh,  while working in the Bush White House in 2003, wrote an internal memo  stating that Roe v. Wade may not be considered ``settled law of the  land'' because the Supreme Court ``can always overrule its precedent.''   Americans also overwhelmingly support independent checks on Executive  power. We believe no one in America is above the law. Yet Brett  Kavanaugh, in a July 2009 Minnesota Law Review article, wrote that  Congress should pass a law to exempt a sitting President from criminal  prosecution or investigation. When I learned of this, my reaction was:  You have got to be kidding. Apparently, he was not kidding. Ironically,  that declaration came 11 years after Brett Kavanaugh played a key role  in drafting the Starr Report, which laid out grounds for impeachment of  then-President Bill Clinton.   The greatest threat Brett Kavanaugh may pose to this country and its  people is with respect to our environment. In all my years, I have yet  to meet anyone who doesn't want to make sure we have clean air to  breathe and clean water to drink. A review of Judge Kavanaugh's nearly  300 opinions over the last 12 years, both concurrencies and dissents,  shows Judge Kavanaugh has voted to weaken or block environmental  protections a staggering 89 percent of the time. In fact, Judge  Kavanaugh has never dissented in a case that would weaken environmental  protections and admitted as much in his response to questions for the  record from Senators Feinstein and Harris. In other words, almost 9 out  of 10 times, he has sided with those who weaken environmental  protections over those who would strengthen it.   I fear that if confirmed, Judge Kavanaugh could well turn out to be  the next Scott Pruitt. We remember him. However, unlike former EPA  Administrator Pruitt, whose tenure ended finally after 18 tortuous  months, Brett Kavanaugh could damage our environment for a quarter  century or more if he serves on the Supreme Court.   For example, just last year, Scott Pruitt's attempt to delay rules  limiting methane emissions from oil and gas drilling was challenged in  the DC Circuit Court, where Judge Kavanaugh now serves. In that case,  Judge Kavanaugh sided with Scott Pruitt and the fossil fuel industry,  voting against his colleagues who found Pruitt's delay illegal.   Judge Kavanaugh also attempted to severely limit EPA's authority to  regulate toxic emissions and greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act.  In 2012, he blocked the air pollution restrictions that covered nearly  half of our country, endangering thousands of lives. This is especially  concerning to those of us who live in downward States like Delaware,  where over 90 percent of our air pollution comes from dirty emissions  in States to our west that drift across our borders.   When I was Governor, I could have shut down my State, taken every  car, truck, van off the road, shut down every business, and we would  have still been out of compliance for clean air requirements because of  the upwind States putting their pollution up in the air, and it is  simply blowing to Delaware or Maryland or New Jersey or any other State  that happens to live along America's tailpipe on the east coast.   Strictly based on Judge Kavanaugh's environmental record on the bench  over the past 12 years, I was prepared to vote no on his nomination  many weeks ago. Then last week the Senate and much of our country was  riveted by compelling and, I believe, powerful testimony from a private  citizen and a victim, Dr. Christine Ford. She came forward to share the  most dramatic experience of her life.   She stepped forward despite the serious threats it posed for both her  and her family--death threats, having to move out of her house. She  testified despite being terrified. She did so despite being unsure that  her story would make any difference at all. She did so because she said  it was her civic duty to share the truth. She showed a whole lot of  courage.   Like many of my colleagues, I have been contacted by sexual assault  survivors since Dr. Ford's testimony who have been inspired to come  forward and share their stories. It serves as further proof that this  problem is not only underreported but that men and women who are  victims of sexual assault can and do bury this trauma, not for weeks,  not for months, not for years but for decades.   Some of our Republican colleagues have acknowledged that Dr. Ford's  testimony was credible, but despite her credibility, they say they  don't see her testimony as reason enough to deny Judge Kavanaugh a  lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court. They say they don't have  enough evidence to believe her. Instead, they painted this as something  of a he said, she said situation involving young people.   Well, let's look at what he said then. Last week, Judge Kavanaugh,  who currently sits on our Nation's second highest court, came before  the Senate and unleashed a torrent of unbelievably partisan attacks. I  have never seen anything like it in testimony before any committee I  have served on or known of.    He claimed that the allegations against him were fueled by ``pent-up  anger about Trump and the 2016 election.'' He went so far as to say the  claims were merely ``revenge on behalf of the Clintons.'' He threatened  Democratic Members saying: ``What goes around comes around.''   There is an old saying, adversity does not build character, it  reveals it. Well, that day, Judge Kavanaugh revealed himself to be a  partisan during that hearing. After witnessing the vitriol Judge  Kavanaugh spewed, how could any left-leaning cause think they would  ever possibly get a fair shake from him should their case come before  the Supreme Court? His temperament was clearly unbecoming of a judge,  let alone a Supreme Court Justice.   What is perhaps even more disturbing is, it seems clear Judge  Kavanaugh was willing to be so brazenly partisan in order to appeal to  an audience of one watching the proceedings from 1600 Pennsylvania  Avenue.   Judge Kavanaugh's testimony last week also raised additional  questions regarding his truthfulness. For weeks, my colleagues on the  Judiciary Committee, including Senators Durbin and Senator Leahy,  raised serious concerns that Judge Kavanaugh may have misled the  Judiciary Committee about the extent of his role in the Bush  administration helping several controversial judicial nominees navigate  the Senate confirmation process.   Judge Kavanaugh may have also misled the Judiciary Committee about  the extent of his role in the Bush administration helping shape several  controversial decisions in the wake of the September 11 terrorist  attacks, including warrantless wiretapping and the rights of enemy  combatants.   During his most recent hearing about the allegations brought forward  by Dr. Ford, Judge Kavanaugh answered several questions about his  younger days in ways that were, at best, misleading and, at worst, lies  under oath. Judge Kavanaugh's less-than-truthful answers on matters  large and small point to a troubling pattern and raise serious  questions about his credibility.   Even if my Republican colleagues don't want to believe Dr. Ford, and  even if they agree with Judge Kavanaugh's judicial record, the fact  that he came before this body and so brazenly misled our fellow  Senators should, I believe, by itself be disqualifying.   Before coming to the Senate, I was privileged to serve, as you may  recall, as Governor of Delaware for 8 years. In that role, I nominated  dozens of men and women to serve as judges in several courts of  national prominence--including the Delaware Supreme Court,  [[Page S6576]]  the Delaware Superior Court, and the Delaware Court of Chancery, to  name a few. While the roles of those courts differed, the qualities I  looked for in my judicial nominees were similar. I looked for men and  women who were bright. I looked for men and women who knew the law. I  looked for men and women who had good judgment, who are able and  willing to make a decision, including a difficult decision. I looked  for men and women with a strong work ethic. I didn't want to nominate  somebody for tribunal chairman so I could watch them retire on the job.   I looked for nominees who were collegial and able to build consensus  in courts that had a larger panel, but there were three qualities that  were most important to me: judicial temperament, impartiality--treating  everyone before them fairly and not showing partiality--and, finally,  truthfulness.   In fact, in my first term as Governor, I denied a sitting Justice of  the Delaware Supreme Court the opportunity to serve an additional 12- year term because he lacked appropriate judicial temperament. I am told  that was unprecedented, but his judicial temperament and what I thought  was appropriate were not one and the same.   It gives me no joy to say what I am about to say, but the temperament  Judge Kavanaugh exhibited at the Judiciary Committee last week was not  just unacceptable for a Supreme Court Justice, it would be unacceptable  for a judge in Delaware serving on the Delaware Court of Common Pleas.   Last week, in an effort to actually get to the truth and ensure that  body could have all the facts before taking such an important and  consequential vote, my Delaware colleagues and I called for the FBI to  conduct a nonpartisan investigation. Unfortunately, what we ended up  with falls far short of what the Senate deserves and certainly what the  American people deserve.   What we got was a process that was certainly not designed to inform.  If this process was designed to inform, the White House and Republicans  would have actually allowed the FBI to speak to the more than 40  individuals whose names Dr. Ford and Ms. Ramirez submitted as people  who could potentially corroborate their accounts. The FBI never talked  to any of those people.   If this were a process designed to inform, the dozens of individuals  who contacted the FBI to share potentially helpful accounts and  information would have received calls in response to those concerns;  they did not.   If this process were designed to inform, the White House and Senate  Republicans would have allowed the FBI to expand the scope of this  investigation; they did not.   If this process were designed to inform the majority leader, he would  have at least waited to schedule a vote on Brett Kavanaugh's nomination  until after we received and read the FBI report; he did not.   Sadly, this process has been a sham from the start. I know our  Presiding Officer is proud to hail from the State of Louisiana. I am  equally proud to hail from the First State. As you may know, we are  called the First State because we were the first State to ratify the  U.S. Constitution--the longest living, most emulated Constitution in  the history of the world.   One of the fundamental reasons our Constitution and our democracy has  endured is because of the intricate system of checks and balances our  Founding Fathers crafted just up the road in Philadelphia some 231  years ago.   The process we have been through in the last several weeks,  unfortunately, makes a mockery of that system of checks and balances. I  believe we all must recognize that, to use the majority leader's words,  ``plowing through'' with Judge Kavanaugh's nomination will diminish the  credibility of the Supreme Court as an institution that stays above the  political fray. In fact, confirming Judge Kavanaugh will enshrine doubt  in every controversial 5-to-4 decision in our moving forward from this  time. It also calls into question the legitimacy of us, of this very  Chamber.    Let me say to my colleagues who are still wavering on Judge  Kavanaugh's nomination--and I will leave you with this--that we will  not only be judged by voters this November; we will be judged by  history. We say that a lot. Sometimes it is trite and overstated. In  this case, it is not. We are going to be judged by history in this  regard.   I would implore each of you who is still thinking this through, who  is trying to figure out what is the right thing to do, to show that we  are still worthy of being called the world's greatest deliberative  body. Let's show that we have made progress since 1991 in a previous  Supreme Court nomination-confirmation episode. Let's show that we are  willing to take a stand and do the right thing because if we are not,  any short-term political wins will be forever eclipsed by the permanent  stain left on our legacy in this body from which there may be no  recovery.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, how am I recorded?   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is not recorded.    Carper votes no.   The VICE PRESIDENT. As a reminder to our guests in the gallery,  expressions of approval or disapproval are not permitted in the Senate  gallery.   On this vote, the ayes are 50, the nays are 48. The nomination of  Brett M. Kavanaugh, of Maryland, to be an Associate Justice of the  Supreme Court of the United States, is confirmed.   The majority leader.   