 Mr. President, today the Senate is considering a divisive  nominee to sit on the Fifth Circuit Court. It completely baffles me  that this administration continues to put forth nominees who are either  clearly unqualified or intensely partisan and controversial. This body  has historically worked together to confirm consensus nominees to serve  on the appellate bench. Unfortunately, that has not been the case over  this past year. We have seen contentious nominee after contentious  nominee. Unfortunately, the Republican majority has abdicated its  responsibility to instead choose a judicial person of integrity who is  willing to find common ground.   This afternoon's vote to confirm Stuart Kyle Duncan to the Fifth  Circuit Court is a perfect example of a divisive candidate. Mr. Duncan  is an extreme nominee. His nomination is a senseless attack on access  to healthcare for women, especially women in rural and underserved  areas. His nomination is an attack on LGBT civil rights and an attack  on free and open access to the ballot for all Americans.   One only needs to look at his record. Mr. Duncan served as lead  counsel in Hobby Lobby v. Burwell, in which the Supreme Court ruled  that a for-profit corporation can have religious beliefs and,  therefore, can deny contraceptive coverage as part of their employer- sponsored health insurance plans.   I have said this before, and I will say it again, I have never sat  next to a corporation in church. Corporations do not have religious  beliefs, and a woman should have access to reproductive health services  and the freedom to make her own decisions about her own healthcare.   In addition to his record of hostility to the self-determination of  women, Mr. Duncan has an abysmal civil rights record. Mr. Duncan  coauthored an amicus brief in opposition to marriage equality when this  important issue was before the Supreme Court. In that same vein of  discrimination, Mr. Duncan has repeatedly engaged in efforts to  suppress the votes of minority voters. He has defended North Carolina  voter suppression measures that were ultimately struck down by the  Fourth Circuit. The court determined the discriminatory measures  ``targeted African-Americans with almost surgical precision.''   Mr. Duncan's nomination is, frankly, unconscionable. Our court system  should be a level playing field, where no matter who you are or where  you live, you will receive fair and equal treatment. In contrast to  that spirit, this nominee has spent a significant part of the past  decade advocating for the denial of rights for women, minorities, and  the LGBT community.   I have absolutely no confidence that this nominee will stay true not  only to the letter of the law but to the spirit of the law as well. Our  constituents sent us to Washington to look out for the best interests  of all Americans. That is why we need to move away from divisive  nominees and instead focus on the confirmation of qualified consensus  nominees. It is clear Mr. Duncan is out of step with mainstream  American values, and I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing his  nomination.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   