 Mr. Speaker, like in Michigan, like so many other  places around the country, in 2008, we saw a massive economic downturn  where people lost their jobs, lost their savings, and some even lost  their homes. The Obama administration and their allies in Congress put  forward a very flawed solution, which was called Dodd-Frank, which led  to the slowest, weakest recovery in modern history. The American people  were sold a bill of goods.   Now what Congress is trying to do is get at the root cause. That is  not what they had done before. They had denied hardworking families the  economic recovery that they deserve. Economic growth stalled as access  to basic financial services became less and less available to small  businesses and lower income Americans. And America's small and medium- sized community financial institutions were saddled with a crushing  regulatory burden. We are changing that in this bipartisan bill.   Instead of ending too-big-to-fail, this regulatory monstrosity,  called Dodd-Frank, enshrined too-small-to-succeed. On average, we are  losing a community financial institution a day because of the extensive  burdens placed on them by this one-size-fits-all regulatory structure.   These crushing regulations have made it more difficult for consumers  to access credit to buy a car, realize homeownership, save for  retirement, plan for their kids to go to college, climb the ladder of  opportunity, and grow their small businesses, which are critical to  growing our economy.   Today's bill, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer  Protection Act, begins to provide relief to consumers and small  businesses on  [[Page H4342]]  Main Street. This bipartisan bill is combined with the momentum created  by the tax reform bill that we had done previously. This bipartisan  bill will continue to unleash American innovation, jobs, and capital,  while supporting economic growth.   Now, you may have just heard that this is a Republican plan only.  Wrong. Sixty-seven votes in the Senate, including my two Democrat  Senators from Michigan, voted for this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote in favor of this  historic pro-growth bill, which we haven't seen in almost a generation,  not since Gramm-Leach-Bliley. I appreciate all of the work that has  been put into this bill in a bipartisan manner, and I look forward to  supporting it.   