 The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr.  Graham), and the Senator from Alaska (Ms. Murkowski).    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and that the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's action with respect  to the Johnson nomination. I further ask consent that the mandatory  quorum call be waived.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr.  Graham), and the Senator from Alaska (Ms. Murkowski).    Mr. President, we have been hit with some hard news in  recent days. The toughest of all, perhaps, was losing our friend and  colleague John McCain this past weekend. He was a man who loved his  country and was beloved in return.   One of the things I appreciate the most about our friend Senator  McCain is he truly believed in all his heart, in all his being, in all  his soul, in American exceptionalism and that America had to lead in  the world because in the absence of American leadership, that void  would be destabilizing and even dangerous.   We know that John cast a long shadow in Congress over the last four  decades of American politics, and we will continue to honor and  remember him this week and into the future. But tears and  sentimentality are not what he would want from us. Today, instead, we  should try to remain a little more grateful than we otherwise would be.  We should be grateful for his example. We should be grateful for his  daring skill as a pilot and lieutenant commander in the U.S. Navy. We  should be grateful for his tenacity and resolve as a prisoner of war in  Vietnam--a prisoner subject to unbelievable cruelty and torture but one  who endured all of these unspeakable torments and one who was quick to  remind us of what that was endured for; that is, our freedom. I think  he was one of liberty's best ambassadors.   We should remain grateful for our friend John McCain's willingness  and ability to serve his State of Arizona for so many years and to  serve our great country, by running for public office, for radiating  such a sense of purpose, such a sense of moral seriousness each time,  even during tough, grueling political races. And they didn't always  turn out the way he would have liked. We should learn from the dignity  and honor that he displayed even in defeat after his Presidential  campaigns did not work out in his favor.   Like all of us, he was an imperfect man. Let's just say he was a work  in progress, as we all are. He won many political battles, and he lost  a few along the way, but he always responded admirably. After slipping  with some run-in with adversity, he got back up, dusted himself off,  and tried harder the next time.   We should also be grateful for Senator McCain's dedication to our  Nation's Armed Forces throughout his political career, including as  chairman of the Armed Services Committee, where I served with him for a  number of years. We should cherish his friendship. We should remember  that at the end of the day, the Senator many called a maverick had a  gruff, sometimes intimidating exterior, but he also was a compassionate  man and one who displayed not only tremendous loyalty to friends but a  tremendous love for his family, who are now grieving.   As our Nation mourns the loss of John McCain and as my colleagues and  I are all too aware of his absence here today, we are all challenged to  be stronger patriots and better citizens. That is what he would want  from us.   As Senator McCain told cadets during a 1993 commencement address at  the U.S. Naval Academy, ``My time is slipping by. Yours is fast  approaching. You will know where your duty lies.'' Our duty now lies in  continuing the difficult, courageous work Senator McCain devoted his  life to, and it is not a burden that we take lightly. We do so gladly,  and we mourn for those for whom the last few days have been most  difficult.   As we express our condolences to Senator McCain's mother, his seven  children and five grandchildren, and, of course, his wife Cindy and the  entire McCain family, we want them to know that we continue to think of  them. We  [[Page S5966]]  continue to pray for them. We continue to celebrate with them the  great, larger-than-life, and distinguished life of Senator John McCain.   It is hard to lose one of your best teammates, but I know the legacy  John McCain leaves here in the Senate will long remain.   I want to echo a few comments made by the majority leader earlier  today. John McCain was a lion in the Senate and in American politics.  That is why I believe we should put together a bipartisan group who can  bring together the best ideas on how we can memorialize his service to  his country and his legacy here in the Senate. We should do this  carefully and consider all options about what the best form that  tribute should take. Doing this in a collaborative and a deliberate way  I hope is how Senator McCain would have wanted it. I can't tell you how  many times he always advocated for regular order. He didn't want ideas  cooked up in some back room and then sprung on the Nation and the  Senate; he wanted the committees to do their work because he knew that  by doing so--by thinking about them, by testing ideas in a committee  process--we improve the chances of a better product.   Despite our heavy loss, we can't lose sight of our other work,  either. I think Senator McCain would want us to keep pushing the ball  forward and achieving more on behalf of the American people.   We all remember him as a fighter until the very end, and staying in  the fight and making progress for the American people is what he would  expect of us as well.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake),  and the Senator from Alaska (Ms. Murkowski).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake),  and the Senator from Alaska (Ms. Murkowski).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake),  and the Senator from Alaska (Ms. Murkowski).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake),  the Senator from Alaska (Ms. Murkowski), and the Senator from Kentucky  (Mr. Paul).   