 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida  (Mr. Gaetz) for yielding to me. I appreciate the gentleman for taking  the lead on this issue back some weeks or months ago to bring a  resolution to the House Judiciary Committee to call for special counsel  to more broadly investigate all of the defugalties that have been  taking place in this country, driven by political partisanship on the  other side of the aisle.   Mr. Speaker, I look back and I think about what the attitude was of  President Trump--actually, even before the election and shortly after-- when I listened to him, and he more or less expressed this sentiment,  which was that, with Hillary Clinton and her transgressions and the way  she had handled the classified material and up to the secret server  next to the bathroom up in New York in her place, essentially, the  President's position was that we need to move America forward. We  should not be dug deeply into going backwards on this or looking back  over our shoulder. Let's move forward. The public has litigated this in  the election.   Now, I think that is where President Trump wanted it to be, but it  wasn't to be because the left could not accept the idea that the  American people had spoken. They began to manufacture and continue the  manufacture this Russian investigation, these allegations that were  collusion allegations with the Russians to try to manipulate an  American election.   I don't think anybody doubts that the Russians made some effort at  that, but all of us doubt that they had any impact whatsoever on our  election. Those of us, at least on this side of the aisle, have seen  zero information and zero evidence that the campaign of President Trump  had any kind of relationship that went on with the Russians, that  promoted it or colluded in any way. But because there needed to be some  explanation for this phenomenal Presidential election of Donald Trump,  we had to be drug back into this Russian investigation over and over  again. Now, this began within 2 weeks of the President's election,  after about November 8 or so.   Then as that unfolded, Mr. Speaker, then we saw what was really going  on here. We got into about February or March of last year. At that  point, I said: They are not going to relent on this Russian  investigation business. They are going to continue to belabor this  point. The election has already been settled and it is not in question,  as far as the results of the polls are concerned. We have a President.  Let's honor the President. Let's honor the will of the American people.  Let's respect the decision made at the polls.   But, instead, the pressure continued on and on, allegations complicit  with the mainstream media, the fake news, as we have now finally come  to know them, I think, by habit and fact. At that point, I said: If  they will not let up, then it is going to be an obligation to dig and  drill deeply into all of the things that bring us together, from Huma  Abedin and Anthony Weiner all the way across the board, from Hillary  and the sham investigation, the questioning of her on July 2, 2016, on  and on  [[Page H660]]  throughout the whole spectrum of things.   It became an obligation to drill to the complete bottom of all of the  allegations that had been made from the investigation that surely  didn't look legitimate to us, as Mr. Gaetz and I and others on the  Judiciary Committee began to question people from the FBI and the  people from the Justice Department and, at that time, James Comey, the  Director of the FBI. We put those pieces together.   Each one of those little incidents that were testified to kind of  stood up okay on their own, but when you put them together in the  string of it had to be an unbelievable string of coincidences that were  presented before the Judiciary Committee and the other committees here  on the Hill, it became clear to us, initiated by Mr. Gaetz, that we  need to go much more deeply into this and much more quickly. A good  number of us supported a resolution to call for special counsel.   Now, I support the idea of an additional special counsel to broaden  this. I would write the language even more broadly than the original  resolution. But we should keep in mind what is going on on this Hill  today, that is, that there are, by my count, at least, seven different  congressional committees that are investigating this broad picture of  the subject matter that we are discussing here today.   On top of that, we have Robert Mueller's investigation as a special  counsel. Additionally, we have an IG investigation going on in the  Justice Department under Michael Horowitz.   Michael Horowitz has a good reputation. He has about 450  investigators all together, all of whom are probably not working on  this. I would be surprised if they were. So there are seven reports  from committees that will eventually come out, Mr. Speaker, and one  from Robert Mueller that is going to come out and one from the IG that  is going to come out.   This is pretty confusing to try to understand the subject matter that  they are addressing. It is defined a little bit differently from  committee to committee and from the assigned investigation groups, but  I will envision this:   Our Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, sits there in the Justice  Department having, in an honorable way, recused himself from the  Russian investigation, which keeps his hands off of that. The  recommendation, as I understand that, came from Rod Rosenstein, the  acting U.S. Attorney General in the event that Jeff Sessions isn't  there to be the Attorney General. That was in the recommendation, by  the testimony that I believe I remember, that Jeff Sessions should  recuse himself from the Russian investigation, and that is the man who  made the appointment of Robert Mueller.   So when I look at this whole picture, our Attorney General's job is a  tough one, but it is one I think he can do better than anyone else in  this country or on this planet, and that is make sense of all of these  investigations, seven congressional investigations, an IG  investigation, and a special counsel's investigation. That adds up to  nine, by my estimation.    Now, people are human. So that says to me that these assignments of  these investigations are either going to overlap or there are going to  be gaps. When you have nine of them all together, there will be  overlapping and there will be gaps. Where there are overlaps, there is  likely to be some contradiction.   So the job of the Attorney General is to look at this whole picture  and put this back together in a way that you can figure out what the  contradictions are, fill in the gaps, investigate the places that  haven't been investigated by the assignments of these various  committees and the special counsel, and then deliver to the American  people the right kind of view on the justice that needs to come. If  there are indictments, to make that call for those indictments, clearly  and unequivocally, based upon factual evidence.   That is why I support this memo being released in the vote of the  Select Committee on Intelligence today. It is essential that the  American people get to the truth. They can't absorb this truth all in  one day. It has to come out a piece at a time because we are human and  they are human.   So I encourage the Attorney General to keep his hand on this in the  steady way that he has. I am very confident that the decisions made on  the Select Committee on Intelligence are the correct ones, and I am  very confident that the President will make a decision to release the  memo so the American people can get at the truth. How far the truth  takes us, history will write that book.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for putting this all together here  this evening.   