 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the most important words of our  Constitution are the first three, ``We the People.'' This describes the  entire purpose of our Constitution, which is to create a government  responsive to the people and to produce laws that reflect the will of  the people. It requires a close adherence to the vision embodied in the  Constitution, including the advice and consent vision in the  Constitution.   We know that the Founders of our country struggled with how to  appoint people to high positions in the executive branch and in our  courts. It was Alexander Hamilton who laid out the deliberations. He  said: If a body or an assembly has that power, there will be a lot of  horse trading back and forth, and we will not get the best people  suited to the positions in the executive branch and in the courts. So  the responsibility should rest with one person. That is how the  nominating power came to be vested with the President.   The Founders also discussed the fact that a single person can go off  track. The President might have favoritism toward people from his or  her home State. The President might favor people who, in turn, had done  favors for him or her and so forth.   They said that the way to avoid this is to have the Senate be a check  upon the President, and that ``would tend to greatly prevent the  appointment of unfit characters.'' That is how Alexander Hamilton  summed it up.   Our responsibility is to review the record of individuals and make  sure that no one is appointed who is of unfit character. That  separation of powers has been honored over the centuries with the  President nominating and then the Senate reviewing the entire record of  the individual to honor its responsibility to figure out if this  individual is fit or if this individual is unfit.   But now we have something we have never seen before, which is that  the President's team has intervened in a massive way to block a  thorough review of the nominee's record. There are three parts of this  intervention. The first was to weigh in with Senate leadership and say:  Don't request anything about his 3 years as Staff Secretary. There was  a conspiracy then between the President's team and a few Senators to  prevent the entire body from being able to review Nominee Kavanaugh's  record.   That is unacceptable because each and every one of us has that  responsibility. Each and every one of us takes the oath of office. This  isn't just a responsibility that exists for one or two people who refer  to themselves by title like majority leader or chairman of the  Judiciary Committee. This is a responsibility that every one of us has,  and that responsibility has been violated with this violation of the  separation of powers.   The second thing the President did was to proceed to appoint an  individual to use the stamp ``Presidential privilege,'' meaning  executive privilege, to deny access to the Senate of some 100,000  documents when the individual served in the capacity of a lawyer on the  team of White House Counsel. In this case, the Senate did request the  records. This is solely the exercise of the President and perhaps,  therefore, it is the clearest example of the violation of the  separation of powers.   We have from the individual himself the statement: ``The White House  . . . has directed that we not provide these documents.'' That is  referring directly to the documents on which William Burck marked  ``Presidential privilege''--100,000 documents.   Why are these documents important? Well, we know from the more  limited ones we have received that it addresses his actions and his  opinions on a host of important topics.   The documents reveal, for example, that while he said he wasn't  involved in the discussions around certain nominations, we know that,  at least in a modest way, he was, from the documents we have. But we  don't have the bulk of the documents to explain the whole story.   He said he wasn't involved with the discussions regarding the use of  torture, but we have a limited glimpse from the documents we did get  that he was involved in those discussions. The remaining documents  probably have a much more expanded vision of his involvement.   He said he wasn't involved in the receipt of stolen documents that  regard nomination discussions--documents stolen from the Senate  Democrats--and yet we find out from the existing documents that we have  that he was and that these were received directly by him.   Here we are with this limited glimpse of three cases in which he  misrepresented the story. We certainly didn't get the full story. What  is in the 100,000 documents that were censored that we never got?   We have never been in this situation before where a President  deliberately obstructed the review of the nominee's record in this vast  procedure. Did the President's team go through them carefully and say:  Oh, well, because of the sensitivity of XYZ, therefore, we are going to  block documents ABC, and therefore create an index explaining that. No,  they did not. We have a whole-scale blockage of key parts of the  record.   There is more than that. There is also the President's role in  marking documents ``committee confidential.'' Here is the challenge. We  have a responsibility--a constitutional responsibility--that has been  violated. That is why today I filed a motion to compel the President to  provide those 100,000 documents marked ``Presidential privilege'' to us  in the Senate, so we can review them and do our responsibility under  the Constitution.   Let me switch topics. I have heard Senators here say: Well, we  certainly couldn't vote for this individual if he lied to the committee  in his testimony. That certainly would mean he was unsuited to serve.  Yet we have numerous instances in which he has lied to the committee,  and he is unsuited to serve.   At a minimum, the President should withdraw this nominee. It is  certainly an enormous dark mark on the integrity of the Court to take  someone who misled the Senate--Democrats and Republicans--about  numerous topics. In just those three issues I mentioned, we had  deception. On issues related to whether he received stolen documents,  he did. He said he didn't.   Was he involved in the proceedings for certain nominees? He said he  wasn't, but he was.   Was he involved in the conversations over torture? He said he wasn't,  but he was.   That is just with the limited information we have.   Then we have the hearing in which he said that his friends who were  at the gathering with Dr. Ford refuted her story. That is a straight- out lie. Not one of them refuted her story. They said they didn't  remember. They said they didn't know. They certainly didn't refute it.  That is a lie.   He said she wasn't in the same social circle, but we know she was.  She dated his good friend.   When he was asked about certain things like ``boofing'' and ``Devil's  Triangle,'' he lied to the committee about  [[Page S6475]]  what those terms meant and what all his friends knew they meant. They  meant things I will not discuss here, but he wasn't honest with the  committee. The list then goes on and on.    He said he was not aware of the story until he read it in The New  Yorker magazine. It turns out that it was not true when, in fact, he  intervened to try to sabotage that story before it was ever printed  because he knew about it beforehand.   Colleagues, look, there are times when we may have an individual who  suits one's judicial philosophy but who is totally unsuited to serve on  the Court. Stand up for this institution. Stand up for the Senate. It  has been unable to carry out its responsibility under the Constitution  of reviewing this man's whole record. Stand up for the integrity of the  committee process and the fact that we don't put people on the Court  who lie to this body. Stand up for the vision of the United States of  America--the vision of a ``we the people'' nation, not of a government  by and for the powerful. Yet that is exactly what his decisions stand  for. Stand up for the vision of a President and a republic instead of  for the vision of a King and a kingdom, which is what his view of  Presidential power turns into--a President above and beyond the law.   Colleagues, do your job. That means we do not vote until we have the  documents and review his entire record, and when we vote, if he is  still the nominee, we reject him because he lied, because he  demonstrated intense partisanship, because he is angry under stress,  because he threatened retaliation, because he is unsuited to serve on  any court, let alone the Supreme Court of the United States of America.    Mr. President, I am delighted to be here with my  colleague from Rhode Island. This is a coast-to-coast presentation,  from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and on around the world, because our  oceans are in deep trouble from climate chaos.   It is indeed time to wake up, and this week is my colleague's 222nd  speech addressing that fact. It is so important not just that we speak  but that the world act.   Driving these factors--whether we are talking about the impacts on  the land or the impacts on the ocean--is carbon dioxide and carbon  dioxide pollution. It is facts on the ground everywhere that people can  pay attention to, but I think every now and then it is good to return  to the basic science. So I am just going to share this chart which  shows, with this red line, rising carbon dioxide levels. This chart  ends a little bit early, but we are now well over 400 parts per  million.   When I was born, we were at about 314 parts per million, and we are  approaching 414. This generation over the last 62 years is the first  generation to experience a 100-point climb in human history on this  planet, the first one to experience this dramatic growth in carbon  dioxide.   If it were just growth in carbon dioxide, if it were just a matter of  changing the air chemistry a little with no impact, we wouldn't be here  talking today, but now we have this set of black dots representing  temperature changes. We can see, essentially, as the carbon dioxide  levels rise, the temperature of the planet is rising as well. The heat  that is being trapped has been well understood for a long time. It goes  back more than a century.   In more recent times, in 1959, there was a scientist, Edward Teller,  who was quite famous for his work on nuclear issues. He gave a speech  to the 100-year anniversary of the petroleum. He said: This energy that  you are pulling out of the ground--oil and coal and gas--is pretty  powerful in helping humans transform the world and it can do a lot of  good, but then he went on to say, it has two problems. The first  problem is, there is a limited supply in the ground. It turns out there  is a lot more carbon stored in the ground than Edward Teller had any  idea about in 1959, but, he said, the second problem you have is that  when you burn this resource, you create carbon dioxide and carbon  dioxide traps heat and you are going to have a dramatic impact on the  planet. He focused specifically on the issue of rising sea levels and  the fact  [[Page S6487]]  that most people around the world live next to the sea.   That is a proper introduction to us recognizing that this issue has  been understood scientifically for a long time, but in terms of our  politics, individuals are reluctant to embrace that challenge because  it requires action, and that action is sometimes hard to come by to  shift the status quo to address this rising threat. In the 10 years I  have been in the Senate, we have seen dramatic, dramatic impacts, and I  will focus on the oceans today.   Oceans absorb 90 percent of the heat. I didn't know this statistic  until my colleague from Rhode Island questioned a scientist who was  being nominated for a key position in the administration and asked her  that question, thinking it was just basic knowledge. I said to myself,  actually, I wasn't sure how much the oceans absorb. I knew the open  blue waters--non-ice-covered waters--absorb a lot of sunlight energy. I  know they cover three-quarters of the Earth, but I didn't know that  statistic that 90 percent of the energy is trapped by the ocean. So we  see impacts around the world. We see coral reefs dying at an  unprecedented rate, both from the warming of the ocean and from the  increasing acidity of the ocean.   You may wonder why I raise the question of acidity. What does that  possibly have to do with that? As that rising carbon dioxide level that  was on the chart I just put up lifts, waves incorporate more of that  carbon dioxide into the ocean, and it becomes carbonic acid.  Essentially, we are pouring incredible amounts of acid into our oceans  via carbon dioxide pollution.   When I stand on the shore on the coastline of Oregon and I look out  to sea and see that ocean, I find it hard to imagine that we as humans  could have changed the basic chemistry, but there was a rude-awakening  fact that occurred when I came to the Senate back in 2008, when I was  elected, and in 2009. That fact was the baby oysters being hatched in  the Oregon State hatchery, the Oregon hatchery on the coast, started  dying. They all started dying. So the hatchery rushed in experts from  Oregon State University. They thought they would find a bacterium, they  thought they would find a virus and they didn't and they were  mystified. What is the answer? Why are they dying? It turned out it was  simply the increasing acidity of the Pacific Ocean, the ocean having  increased 30 percent over the time that humans have been burning fossil  fuels for energy. When those baby oysters try to pull the molecules out  of the ocean to form their shell, it is so much harder when it is a  higher acidity, and they die. So now we have to artificially buffer the  water in which the baby oysters are hatched in order for them to live.  We lost a billion baby oysters.   Then, of course, we have the impact, and we have climate chaos in the  form of hurricanes. Boy, have we received that message through storm  after storm in 2017 and 2018.   Hurricane Harvey came rolling in, September of 2017. The storm formed  and dissipated between August and September. The numbers are ones you  really can't get your hands around: Twenty-seven trillion gallons of  water dumped in Louisiana and Texas; 34,000 people displaced; 13,000  had to be rescued from rising floodwaters. The estimated damage: about  $125 billion from that one storm, second only to Katrina.   Then, a few weeks later, here comes Hurricane Maria, devastating  Puerto Rico, devastating the Virgin Islands. It knocked out the power  grid in Puerto Rico for almost a year. I went there about 8 or 9 months  after the storm to check it out, and I saw an island where thousands of  families still had blue tarps over their roofs--a testament to the  amount of destruction they had experienced, also a testament to how  unprepared FEMA was to respond to that: an estimated $90 billion in  damage; an estimate of roughly 3,000 deaths coming from the storm and  the aftermath, many of them affected by the knocked-out healthcare  services and the heat that followed.   Together, 2017 broke the record for the cost of the hurricane season,  16 major billion-dollar weather events costing over $300 billion. Why  are these hurricanes more devastating because of climate chaos, because  of carbon dioxide pollution? The energy comes from the temperature in  the ocean. The warmer the ocean, the more energy, the more powerful the  storms. A short explanation is that the warmer oceans produce more  evaporation, more water vapor in the atmosphere. It increases  approximately 7 percent for every 1.8 degrees of temperature rise. Then  the storm as a whole moves across the ocean and across the land more  slowly, which means not only do we have a more powerful storm, but it  is more likely to hover over a given area for a longer period of time.   Between 1949 and 2016, it is estimated that hurricanes slowed down at  sea by about 10 percent and by about 20 percent once they make  landfall. The result: a lot more rain and a lot more wind hits any  given area, a recipe for disaster.   If 2017 wasn't enough, we have already experienced Hurricane Florence  this year. Again, unusually warm ocean temperatures. It is estimated  that by previous understanding, this was a once-in-a-thousand-year  event; that is, we go through 1,000 years, we would see something like  this once, but we didn't just see Florence. We saw in the previous year  Maria, Irma, and Harvey. In other words, these 1,000-year-events are  becoming far more common as a result, setting record rainfalls, doing  record damage. It is more deaths, more damage, and now we have  thousands still in shelters as a result of Hurricane Florence and an  estimated some $38 billion in damage.   There are other effects we should realize from these massive storms.  One is that when the rivers flood up over the land, they tend to flood  areas that were never intended to be flooded; things like, for example,  leftover waste dumps from the ash from coal-burning powerplants. That  ash can turn a river into a gray pudding, and you can see it from  space. That ash contains arsenic, boron, copper, lead, and mercury, and  giant ponds of coal ash throughout North Carolina were flooded. It has  happened before.   In 2014, there was a catastrophic event at a Duke Energy plant that  spilled some 39,000 tons into the Dan River. That spill urged more  regulations to strengthen those coal ash deposits to prevent them from  escaping during floods, but what happened last year? Well, President  Trump's EPA and the North Carolina legislature weakened those  regulations. Then, last month, two other Duke Energy ponds flooded in  Hurricane Florence and released tons of coal ash into rivers and onto  private property. Imagine that toxic sludge flooding across your land.  How would you feel about that? Imagine that toxic sludge going into the  river your city takes its water from. How would you like that? I know  you wouldn't.   Another source of pollution: hog waste. North Carolina has roughly  3,000 unlined, open air pits containing millions of gallons of hog  waste. The hurricane's flooding released a lot of that waste into the  rivers. Again, how do you imagine the impact of that hog waste  spreading across your flooded property or through the river you take  your water out of? Not a pretty sight.   We are in the situation where so many legislatures want to put their  hands over their ears and eyes and not acknowledge the basic science  that is resulting in a warmer planet, warmer oceans, and all of the  effects--the coral reefs; the Pacific blob and the impact it had on sea  birds; the dying oysters; the pine beetles that live through the winter  because the winter is warmer and kill the pine trees; the ticks that  live through the winter in New Hampshire, New England, and kill the  moose; the ticks that live through the winter and spread disease that  humans get--devastating disease.   We have to stop and be honest about this impact on our planet. We  used to talk about computer models, and many mocked those models saying  that is just some ivory tower estimate; it is not really going to  happen. Now the facts are on the ground, and what we are seeing is  damage to our forests and to our fishing and to our farming.   This is not an urban issue or a rural issue. It is both an urban  issue and a rural issue: urban cities getting flooded, rural areas  having their farming and fishing and forestry profoundly affected. So  let us come together. Whether we come from an urban area or a rural  area, whether we come from a Republican State or we come from a  [[Page S6488]]  Democratic State, this threat doesn't discriminate, nor should we make  it a partisan issue. We have a responsibility to this generation, yes,  but the impacts are accelerating. We have a responsibility for the next  generation and the generation after that and 70 more generations that  will all ask: When the facts were before you in such an obvious and  dramatic way, why didn't you act?   Acting means we have to drive through massive transition from gaining  energy from fossil fuels to producing energy without fossil fuels-- producing energy with winds and tides and currents, producing energy  with solar power.   We have this massive fusion reactor called the Sun, and it  distributes energy on Earth through the wind and the sunshine. Let's  harvest that for the benefit of human kind. I am pleased to be able to  come to the floor to help celebrate the 222nd speech by my colleague on  the Atlantic coast and to share a little bit on the perspective from  the Pacific coast, but this is an issue that affects all points in  between and around the globe.    I will be happy to.    It is a great question or a great point because when you  have resources, you can respond to the impact far more easily. You can  take and say: My house has been devastated, but I have the resources to  go buy another house in a safer area, in a drier area.   Take, for example, the flooding of New Orleans. When New Orleans was  flooded after Katrina, we saw that affluent families moved, and poor  families had two options: One was to leave everything behind, leave the  State, and start over but start over with no assets, which meant they  were in extremely difficult circumstances, or stay and hope to rebuild.  It was extremely difficult for low-income individuals to be able to do  so.   As we look at the disparate impacts around the world, we can look  within the United States and realize, for example, the impact on the  Native American populations of Alaska are being significantly impacted  by the shoreline eroding, by the ice disappearing, and with that, the  traditional way of life is disappearing. Various groups have,  therefore, had to appeal for help to be able to move their villages, as  a result.   There is very little to be done to address the very changing nature  of the commerce they have carried on with the sea. Their fishing or  their hunting, which has gone on for thousands of years, now is being  dramatically impacted. We do see a hugely disparate impact.   If we broaden this discussion to look at countries such as Syria, we  find that when climate change affected the farmers and they had drought  year after year, they had to abandon their farmlands and flee to the  city, and they had no resources. It created competition for resources.  It helped to launch the civil war and Syria has been in deep, massive  conflict ever since, just as an example.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern  Berenice Vargas-Sierra be granted privileges of the floor for the  balance of the day.   