 Madam President, I am pleased to be here on the floor in  support of my colleague Senator Gillibrand's bill, the Congressional  Accountability and Harassment Reform Act. I am pleased that so many  Members of the Senate have supported the earlier version of the bill  and are signing up to support this version as well.   It has been 100 days since the House acted on a significant and  substantive reform of the process here in Congress on how we address  sexual harassment. There have been plenty of stories about how  unacceptable the current system is.  [[Page S2744]]    In spite of how far women's rights and equality have come in America,  too many women continue to face inequality, discrimination, and  harassment day in and day out. Our congressional workplace is not  immune to that.   The world is changing, and the world is changing quickly, and  movements like the ``me too.'' campaign are finally giving women the  voice they need to stand up and say no more.   Yet, in spite of this tide of change, the Senate refuses to act on  our unacceptably obscure, complex, and difficult system for staff  members to address sexual harassment and discrimination--a system that  is difficult to navigate and void of transparency. It needs to change.  It must change. One hundred days ago, the House said absolutely it must  change, and we have seen no bill allowed to come to the floor to  address it in the Senate.   The House did its duty. They put forward a vision of updating and  strengthening procedures to protect women from sexual harassment and to  address it, should it occur. Now it is time for the Senate to act, to  hold ourselves to a much higher standard, to lead by example on Capitol  Hill and for the rest of the Nation, to give those who work on our team  who have been victimized by sexual harassment or discrimination a fair  and transparent process to tell their stories, to pursue justice, to be  free from the fear of professional or political retribution. That is  exactly what the Congressional Accountability and Harassment Reform Act  does. It requires sexual harassment awareness training. It simplifies a  process for staffers to file complaints. It eliminates a mandatory,  laborious process of required counseling and mediation. It protects a  victim's option to publicly discuss their claims. It prohibits members  found responsible for such behavior from using government funds--their  office funds--to settle the claims, and it requires all settlements to  be disclosed publicly unless the victim prefers otherwise. No longer  would we be able to silence the victims or hide the misdeeds of the  perpetrators from the American people.   I understand Members on the floor of the Senate may say: I want to  hide from my actions; I want to pay off any settlement with my  government funds, but being able to hide from your actions is  unacceptable, and using government funds to pay off the situation is  completely unacceptable.   Action is way past due. I am glad to join with my colleagues Senator  Gillibrand, Senator Warren, Senator Harris, and Senator Murray--so many  who have come into this battle of equality, fairness, and fighting for  those who have been victimized. That is what this act is about, and it  is not acceptable that for 100 days the leadership of this body has sat  on this bill, blocking it from being considered.   Let us recognize that we have a responsibility to our team members  for fairness, for transparency, and for accountability and to bring  this bill to the floor immediately.   