 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and ranking member for  bringing this resolution to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to support H. Res.  792, which would urge the Secretary of the Interior to recognize the  historical significance of Roberto Clemente's place of death near  Pinones in Loiza, Puerto Rico, by adding it to the National Register of  Historic Places.   Formalizing the site of his untimely death will create a place for  our Nation to honor Roberto Clemente's career and legacy. He was a  trailblazer in baseball and in his life of service outside of baseball.   Born in 1934, in Carolina, Puerto Rico, Roberto Enrique Clemente  Walker's pride and humanitarian ways won  [[Page H9782]]  him universal admiration. Some said that he had a very unorthodox way  of hitting the ball, yet he had four batting titles and 3,000 hits  exactly on the last day of the season--the last season he played before  he passed. He won four batting titles.   He had one of the most incredible arms in right field you ever saw. I  still remember a day in New York when he threw a ball from the right  field fence to third base without a bounce. For a person of my age, who  cannot throw the ball but 100 feet, perhaps, that was quite a sight to  see.   But there was another person in Clemente: the person who was always  trying to build up people of color; who was always trying to build up a  relationship with Latin America, knowing how important baseball was to  Latin America and how important baseball was to Latin Americans and  people in the territory of Puerto Rico. He played a role in being that  ambassador, to the point where, when Nicaragua suffered a hurricane  that killed about 7,000 people and thousands of people were without  food or water, he decided to lead a couple of planeloads of relief  efforts to Nicaragua.   But as times had it in those days--and perhaps even these days, too-- some, if not all of the supplies he was sending of food and water to  Nicaragua were being stolen and sold on the black market. So he decided  he was going to go himself on the next trip. He was so revered and  respected in Nicaragua, nobody would dare touch anything if he was on  the ground. So he left on a plane on December 31, 1972. After taking  off, the plane went into the water. Roberto's body was never found.   I am not a psychologist or psychiatrist, but I so believe that we  Puerto Ricans, whether we are from New York, New Jersey, or Puerto  Rico, born or not born in Puerto Rico, still hold a certain need to  have found him and to have given him the proper burial. But that never  happened.   When we do what we do today, hopefully, we continue to honor this man  who was not only the first Latino in the Hall of Fame, who not only  batted 317 in his lifetime, which is not an easy accomplishment, and  who not only had 3,000 hits and had a rifle for an arm, who was-- although people would say it was only two World Series--the only player  to get a hit in every single World Series game he played--14 of them-- he was just exceptional. To this day, I can tell you that there are  more Puerto Ricans who use the number 21, although it has nothing to do  with them, on their email, than any other number. There are more kids  in Puerto Rico and throughout the States and the other territories who,  when joining a team, ask for number 21 on their uniform, for Roberto.   That is what he means to us, that is what he means to the country,  and as the people in Pittsburgh will tell you, it is not just Puerto  Ricans. It is Americans in general. This is a great thing we are doing.  I applaud and support the efforts of the chairman and the ranking  member.   