 Mr. Speaker, I am honored to rise today in support of  H.R. 4946.   Freedom is not free. All gave some, and many made the ultimate  sacrifice for our country and for our freedom. Army Specialist Trevor  Anthony Win'E, one of my constituents, made the ultimate sacrifice. I  am privileged today to introduce this bill to name the United States  Post Office at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, California, after  Army Specialist Trevor Anthony Win'E.   Trevor was born on September 24, 1981, the youngest of three  children, to Rick and Deborah Win'E. He attended Calvary Chapel High  School in Santa Ana, my hometown, graduating in the year 2000. His  family and close friends recall Trevor as a compassionate and devout  young man, always willing to help, always willing to lend a hand.   Trevor was indeed a man of strong convictions who wanted to serve our  country. Just months after the 9/11 attacks on our country, Trevor  enlisted in the U.S. Army on May 1, 2002.   After basic training, he was trained as a petroleum supply  specialist. He was assigned to the Army's 24th Quartermaster Supply  Company at Fort Lewis, Washington, where he had a key role in multiple  training operations. According to Lieutenant Colonel John Pratt,  commander of the 24th Quartermaster Supply Company, Trevor was  dedicated to his fellow soldiers.   In November 2003, Trevor's company was scheduled to deploy to Iraq,  but Trevor was assigned to move to South Korea instead. He, of course,  requested he deploy and serve alongside his fellow servicemembers in  Iraq. Trevor was granted his request and continued to serve with his  company, with his coworkers in Iraq.   In Tikrit, Iraq, Trevor was in the lead truck of a convoy, serving as  a turret gunner. Unfortunately, the convoy was attacked by multiple  improvised explosive devices and Trevor suffered severe injuries. The  following day, on May 1, 2004, 2 years to the date of his enlistment,  Trevor died. He was 22 years young.   Trevor was proud of his military service and wanted to serve in a  capacity critical to the operations of a fighting force. He answered  the call of duty after our Nation was attacked. Naming the post office  after Trevor is a fitting tribute to his service and sacrifice to our  great country.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4946.   