 Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak on behalf of  the amendment being offered by my colleagues Senator Warren from  Massachusetts and Ranking Member Jack Reed from Rhode Island. I  strongly support this amendment, and I want to explain why.   A nuclear weapon is a nuclear weapon, period. They are the only  human-made force that could destroy all of humanity in a matter of  minutes. They annihilate utterly and completely. The size of the bomb  does not matter. Using any nuclear weapon is a step so grave that it  is, in and of itself, an act of war. It also invites nuclear  retaliation. That is why President Ronald Reagan was right when he  said: ``A nuclear war cannot be won and must never be fought.''   Nuclear weapons are fundamentally different than any other military  capability we possess. Congress must have a role in determining when  these weapons are developed, how they are managed, and if, Heaven  forbid, we must ever use them again.   Oversight is one of the fundamental responsibilities of this body,  and on no issue is it more important than nuclear weapons. That is why  I support what Senator Warren and Senator Reed are doing. It rightly  protects the role Congress must play in determining if and when we as a  nation decide to develop more of the most lethal weapons on the planet.   What Senator Warren and Senator Reed are doing is ensuring that  Congress must authorize developing new or modified nuclear weapons  because that is all important. This authority was written into law  years ago. It was a bipartisan compromise that passed 96 to 0.  Congressional oversight of nuclear weapons development and deployment  has long enjoyed bipartisan support, and it should now as well.   There are many, myself included, who believe we should go even  further. As the only Nation to have ever used nuclear weapons against  another country, the United States has a special responsibility to lead  global efforts to reduce and eventually eliminate the world's nuclear  weapons. This is an important issue. I am a realist, and I realize, as  long as nuclear weapons exist, the United States must have a credible  nuclear deterrent that is safe, secure, and reliable.   Appropriately striking this balance is one of the most consequential  issues, not only for our Nation but for the whole world. It is why, for  decades, Congress has played a crucial bipartisan role overseeing our  Nation's nuclear arsenal. The debates have been heated. We have not  always agreed, but we recognize Congress must be involved. This must  continue to be the case moving forward.   So I thank Senator Reed and Senator Warren for their leadership in  offering this amendment, which goes right to the heart of the question  of what the role of the Congress is on this most important of all  issues--the authorization for the development of nuclear weapons in our  country.   From the beginning of the nuclear era, when President Roosevelt  involved the Congress in the development of the Manhattan Project,  until today, it has always been critical that those who are most  concerned about this issue, the American people, have their elected  representatives in the room.   I thank Senator Reed and Senator Warren for their leadership on this  issue.   I yield the floor.   