 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today in support of the Agriculture  Improvement Act of 2018, also referred to as the Senate's farm bill.   As a member of the Senate Ag Committee, I was proud to work with  Senator Roberts and our ranking member, Senator Stabenow of Michigan,  to pass a strong farm bill out of committee.   Times are challenging in ag country. Commodity prices are low, and  our farmers and ranchers face numerous challenges. Net farm income is  down 52 percent from where it stood 5 years ago, and bankruptcies are  up more than 39 percent from 2014. Moving this farm bill through the  Senate will help reduce uncertainty for our ag producers and will  benefit the broader economy.   I would like to say and I often say that good farm policy benefits  every single American every single day. Think about that. Our farmers  and ranchers produce the highest quality, lowest cost food supply in  the world, in the history of the world. So every single day, every  American benefits just in that respect and in other respects in terms  of the employment that is created, the positive balance of trade, the  innovation, and so many other things. In fact, the crops we grow and  the livestock we raise are used not only for food but also for fuel and  fiber.   But simply the fact that every single American benefits every day  from the highest quality, lowest cost food supply in the world means  that when we pass the farm bill, providing good farm policy that helps  support our farmers and ranchers so they can continue to provide that  food supply for Americans, we really are doing something for all  Americans and something that affects their lives, obviously, in a very  big way every single day.   I am pleased we were able to draft a bill that will give our farmers  and ranchers the support they need to continue to produce that food,  fuel, and fiber that make our country go and provide the same things to  so many in other countries throughout the world.   Leading up to consideration of the farm bill, we worked diligently to  gather input from farmers and ranchers in my State and across the  country. Over the past year, I have held roundtables back home. I have  hosted Ag Secretary Sonny Perdue so that he could hear directly from  our great farmers and ranchers about their priorities for this farm  bill.    I am grateful that the bill includes many of these important  provisions and that it will support the great work done by our farmers  and ranchers in North Dakota and across the country. I just want to  highlight a few of those measures.   We have worked hard to ensure that the bill maintains and strengthens  crop insurance, which is the primary risk management tool for our  producers. Let me emphasize that again. Crop insurance is the No. 1  risk management tool used by our producers across the country.   The farm bill also includes a provision based on a pilot program I  have put forward to improve the fairness of ARC, which is the  Agriculture Risk Coverage Program, which is a very important part of  the countercyclical safety net for our farmers and ranchers. So we have  ARC, or the Agriculture Risk Coverage Program, and PLC, the Price Loss  Coverage Program, which comprise that safety net--that countercyclical  safety net--for our farmers, so that when prices are low, they get  help, and when they are high, they don't. That is the whole idea--to  help them through the tough stretches, along with, as I mentioned just  a minute ago, crop insurance.   The pilot program we incorporated into the bill really allows RMA  data, which is the Risk Management Agency data, to be used in addition  to the NASS data, or the National Agricultural Statistics Service data,  which has been used historically and provides flexibility so that you  get a good, commonsense result when you are applying that ARC Program  across the country to many different farmers in many different  circumstances.   The legislation also includes increased authorization for the Water  Bank Program that I advanced, which provides compensation for farmers  and landowners for flooded land through 10-year, voluntary conservation  agreements.  [[Page S4392]]    In addition, I supported measures to help address risks to animal  health, livestock export markets, and industry economic stability. That  is why I am glad this bill includes a new Animal Disease and Disaster  Response Program, as well as a foot-and-mouth disease vaccine bank.  That protects the animals, and that protects all of us as well.   This farm bill also prioritizes ag research, including supporting  important work done at North Dakota State University and at the North  Dakota Extension Service, which are working to enhance crop genetics  and production. The ag research done in our State and in our other  agriculture universities across this Nation have really revolutionized  farming and ranching. We can grow crops that are disease resistant and  raise livestock that is healthier and stronger because of the amazing  things that have been done in research. We need to continue that  because we not only supply food for this country but really for the  world. We are doing things that we never even dreamed of years ago  because of the amazing advancements in ag research.   In order to allow our producers to continue to compete and excel in  the global marketplace, the bill creates, expands, and maintains  critical export programs that support U.S. ag products. I am pleased  that the bill we passed out of our committee preserves the no-cost  sugar policy, which ensures that American producers can compete on a  level playing field with sugar from around the world.   The bill also includes measures important to Tribal communities,  including almost all of the provisions of the Cultivating Resources,  Opportunity, Prosperity, and Sustainability for Indian Country Act, or  the CROPS for Indian Country Act. The CROPS for Indian Country Act is  bipartisan legislation that I introduced and that we passed out of the  Indian Affairs Committee, which I chair. There are very important  provisions in that bill that we included in this farm bill. I thank  both the Ag Committee chairman and the ranking member for working with  us to include those provisions in the farm bill.   During committee markup, we were also able to strengthen the bill in  other ways as well. Another good example and something that we worked  very diligently to improve is legislation in regard to the NRCS.  Particularly, this legislation will improve NRCS wetlands determination  and ensure that NRCS is working more closely with our producers--by  that I mean in a more farmer friendly way.   The committee included my amendments to increase the participation of  Tribal producers on international trade missions, as well as to give  Tribal colleges and universities access to certain grant programs.   Another area about which we heard from many concerned farmers and  ranchers is access to credit. As they go through these challenging  times, they need access to credit. So I offered an amendment in  committee, which we passed. It increases the amounts for FSA, or the  Farm Service Agency, loan guarantees from about $1.39 million up to  about $1.75 million. That is under the guarantee program. We also  increased the direct loan program from $300,000 to $600,000 on a  chattel-type loan and $400,000 on operating loans. Again, this is about  making sure farmers and ranchers have access to credit.   This was advocated for by not only the ag community but also by the  financial community as a way to make sure that we can help farmers  through tough times but also so that we can help our young farmers get  access to the credit and the capital they need to get into the business  of farming.   The average age for a farmer now is 60 years old. That is the average  age for our farmers across the country. So we have to continue to work  to help with the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program so  that we get young people into the business of farming. It takes more  capital to do that, and that is why these programs are so important.   I am convinced the farm bill we are considering this week will give  our farmers and ranchers the tools they need to succeed in the next 5  years and beyond.   Congress has not enacted a farm bill in the same year it was  introduced since 1990. So I urge my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle to support this farm bill so that we can continue to provide our  ag producers with the tools they very much need.   I am going to conclude with something I said at the outset and which  I try to remind people of every chance I get, and that is, again, that  good farm policy not only benefits our farmers and ranchers, but it  benefits every single American every single day with the highest  quality, lowest cost food supply in the world.   With that, I yield the floor.    Will the Senator yield?    I thank our ranking member. This is truly a bipartisan  bill that we brought out of committee through the hard work and the  leadership of both our chairman and ranking member. So I appreciate all  of her diligent, good efforts on the bill.   Thank you.   