 Mr. President, this afternoon, as most of us realize now,  the Senate has begun debate on amendments to the fiscal year 2019  Defense-Labor-HHS appropriations bill. These are the two largest bills  to come out of the Appropriations Committee as a whole. Both of them  together make up a great part of all of the appropriations process and  the numbers.   At the end of last week here, I offered a more detailed outline of  the critical funding of this bill for America's military. So I will not  repeat myself on that. Today, I simply wish to remind my colleagues of  what is at stake with this legislation and our path to success,  hopefully, this week.   First and foremost, our national security is at stake. Earlier this  year, the President signed into law the largest increase in military  spending in 15  [[Page S5709]]  years. This legislation accelerates that increase and provides our men  and women in uniform with the largest pay raise they have seen in  nearly a decade. So the No. 1 thing at stake here is rebuilding our  military and taking care of our troops.   This bill also provides for a wide range of critical domestic  priorities, including education, medical research, and funding to  combat the opioid epidemic. All are very important to America.   Recent history suggests that we face a tall task in passing these  bills on the Senate floor. The Senate has not passed a Labor-HHS  appropriations bill in more than 10 years. It has been even longer  since the President was able to sign a Defense appropriations bill into  law before the end of the fiscal year, which ends September 30.   Why? Because in the past, poison pills have blown up the process or  foreclosed it altogether. I appreciate that one Senator's poison pill  is often another Senator's priority, but I strongly urge my colleagues  today to focus on accomplishing the big picture priorities that I have  underscored here. We know where the fault lines run, and I hope we can  avoid them.   There are reasons to believe that this year will be a different year  and that we will produce a different outcome. First among them, there  is a unified desire to avoid another omnibus spending bill. Second, we  come to the floor this week on the heels of a string of recent  successes in passing appropriation bills. Third, each of the bills in  this package passed the Appropriations Committee by a vote of 30-1.   These factors paved the way for the full Senate to consider this  package, and I want to take a minute to thank the leaders on both  sides, Senator McConnell and Senator Schumer, for agreeing to bring  this bill to the floor.   I also want to thank the vice chairman of the Appropriations  Committee, Senator Leahy, for sticking to the agreement he and I made  to move these bills in a bipartisan manner.   Mr. Vice Chairman, you are here on the floor. We would not be in this  position without your efforts. I want you to know how much I appreciate  that. I want you to know how much I believe that most of the Senate  appreciates that.   I say to my colleagues, we collectively call for regular order in the  appropriations process, and now we have it. I am optimistic that we  will continue to show the American people that we are here to work, and  that means debating and disposing of amendments, passing appropriation  bills, and accomplishing the job they sent us here to do.   I hope my optimism is not misplaced. The stakes are simply too high.  We have a lot to do this week, but we can do it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   