 Mr. President, I thank my friend Senator Sheldon  Whitehouse, and congratulations on his long history of action on  climate change.   Six years ago, Senator Whitehouse began a campaign to speak every  week about climate change. One need only look at the past 6 years of  climate impacts to understand just how important the Senator's pledge  is.   The planet has been warming for years, but in the last few years, the  disturbing trends have accelerated. The last 4 years have been the  hottest on record.   The effects of climate change are already obvious, from the eroding  coasts  [[Page S1675]]  off Cape Cod to storm surge in Boston Harbor. January's bomb cyclone in  Massachusetts broke the flood record in Boston set by the Blizzard of  1978.   Sadly, this is our new normal. Thirteen of the top 20 biggest flood  events in Boston have occurred since 2000. While Massachusetts gets  overrun by the impacts of climate change, President Trump has plans to  expand offshore drilling off the New England coast. This is the very  definition of insanity.   Our communities and our oceans are feeling the pressure of the  changing climate. But what has the Trump administration decided to do  about it? Worse than nothing. It has started to withdraw us from the  Paris Climate Accord. It has repealed the Clean Power Plan. It has  rolled back historic fuel economy standards, loosened standards for  hazardous pollutants, and declared all-out war on climate science.   Throughout the administration, there has been an alarming attack on  public information about climate change. On the Environmental  Protection Agency's website, more than 5,000 pages of information on  climate change have disappeared, either relegated to an unsearchable  maze far from public view or simply deleted. Fact sheets on public  health and climate change are gone. Resources for States and cities  have disappeared. Guides for students and teachers are no more. This  isn't transparency; it is a transparent attack on climate science.   It is also an attack on our scientists. More than 200 scientists have  left the EPA under the Trump administration. Those 200 scientists have  been replaced with only seven new hires. Our top climate scientists are  telling us that fear is rampant at EPA and across Federal agencies. The  EPA's job is to instill fear into the hearts of corporate polluters,  not its own scientists.   We need to encourage more science, not less. We need science to  inform the policies we need to provide the solutions that could save  our planet. That is what Senator Whitehouse has championed for these  past 6 years on the floor and throughout his career in public service.   I thank Senator Whitehouse for asking me to stand with him today and  for being an environmental Paul Revere, sounding the alarm on climate  change. We cannot be silenced, and we will continue to work together to  sound that alarm--because that is what is happening, the Earth's alarm  clock has gone off and it is telling us all to wake up. There is no one  who is more woke to what is happening to our planet's climate than he.   Thank you.   