 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include  extraneous material.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for letting me speak  on her amendment.   Mr. Chair, I have the great pleasure and honor of representing a  community called Notrees, Texas, and so to be standing up in support of  a forestry amendment might be a little odd, but I certainly recognize  the great importance it has to this country.   Holding off these invasive species in a stalemate is not a fix. We  have got to be aggressive to protect this natural resource and this  incredible legacy that has been bestowed upon this great country. So  maintaining healthy forests are a big deal.   Mr. Chair, I am supportive of the gentlewoman's amendment and I urge  all of my colleagues to vote ``yes'' when it is time for the vote.    Mr. Chair, the scope of this problem is really not  appreciated unless you go to our borders and see what happens. All the  things that come into this country, that are shipped into this country,  generally come in on wooden pallets, and those wooden pallets are a  haven or a potential pest nest for all of these wood-borne pests.   We have laws on the books right now that say all of those pallets  have to be treated. Those pallets have to be stamped with a stamp that  says the wood has been treated properly.   But if you go down there and talk to our hardworking men and women at  APHIS who man these posts and try to prevent this from happening, they  will tell you that they are constantly on the lookout for counterfeit  stamps, pallets that have not been stamped or properly treated. It  doesn't take many of them having a pest in that pallet that then gets  transported into the United States as a result of transit, and now we  are in a fight that we shouldn't have had to begin with.   So I am fully supportive of the gentleman's amendment to strengthen  this whole process, add sunlight to it, even more light to it, because  we have got great hardworking men and women manning these posts on  every border. We have been to the northern border, we have been down  south. Just the volume of stuff coming through every single day that  has to come through, we can't stack it up and not get it through.   Mr. Chair, I am supportive of the gentleman's amendment.    Mr. Chair, I represent a lot of cattle ranchers, but  also represent folks who raise sheep and goats. Black vultures are a  big predator during kidding season. When these small lambs and young  kid goats are on the ground, they are susceptible to the same type of  trauma that the calves go through when they are being eaten alive by  these vultures. Moving this gentleman's amendment may be a step in the  right direction.   I also share my ranking member's comments about timber wolves and  other endangered species that are prey on the lands. That needs to be  examined, as well. I would be happy to work with him on that issue.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the gentleman's  motion.    Mr. Speaker, this attempt at legislating is a little  late. For all of the rhetoric, my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle have said for over a month now that this bill was so broken they  couldn't fix it.   They come tricking trotting in here this afternoon with an amendment  of this scope.   This would have been a great conversation to have had in committee,  but we spent 5 hours listening to complaints that we weren't amenable  to any changes.   It would have been handy to have that go through the Rules Committee  so we would have had at least overnight to look at what this deal does.   To come in here now and pull this procedural trick, which, quite  frankly, the minority always does. When we are in the minority, we do  it. When you are in the minority, you do it as well, and I oppose the  gentleman's motion.   Mr. Speaker, we are at a point in time where it is now time to move  forward. We have had a relatively complicated process, a 600-page bill,  51 amendments made in order, now this attempt to legislate at the last  second.   But it is about to get real simple. We are about to start putting up  red and green votes on the board behind you, Mr. Speaker.   And let me tell you what the green votes are for. Green votes will  mean you stand with Americans. You stand with those producers out there  who are in a terrible circumstance. There has been a 50-percent drop in  farm income the last 5 years.   Today's headlines in the USA Today: Farmers being forced to quit as  income dies.   That is who you will stand for with a green vote. Or a red vote says,  no, we want to continue to argue about this. We want to take advantage  of what might happen in November because we are going to say ``no'' to  this.   We have got SNAP beneficiaries out there who are dependent on this  new program we are going to put in place to have their case managers to  help them walk through this labyrinth of social networks to try to get  them to a job. So you are saying ``no'' to those guys as well.   We are going to say ``no'' to the men and women who eat our food  every single day.   You can love the farm bill or you can hate the farm bill, but it  delivers the most effective, affordable, and safest food and fiber  supply of any developed Nation in the world.   That is a pocketbook issue that comes across this country, and a  ``no'' vote says: Never mind. A ``yes'' vote today will say we stand  with those men and women who buy food every single day; for those  paycheck-to-paycheck families whose rent doesn't change, their car  payment doesn't change. If something happens to them, it comes out of  their food budget. Why on Earth would we intentionally try to screw  those folks over by raising the cost of food, by not continuing this  process and moving forward?   Mr. Speaker, this is pretty darn simple. Very darn simple. Either  vote with those SNAP recipients whose lives would be better, whose  impact will be better, or you vote against them.   You will vote with the men and women who suffered through the  terrible times in the last 5 years, the worst since the Depression, or  you vote ``no.''  [[Page H4232]]    There is no group of Americans more in tune to what goes on on this  floor than the men and women of production agriculture. It is vital to  their livelihood, vital to their existence, what we do here tonight.   And you will hear a lot of rhetoric about those red votes, reasons  why they voted ``no'' on it, but I guarantee you, those farmers and  ranchers back home that are watching this clock and watching what  happens, they will understand what it means. They will understand that  those ``yes'' votes mean we are going to move this process forward. We  are going to continue to attempt to give them the assurance over the  next 5 years what this farm bill will do for them and how they will  stay in business, how their bankers will make plans in moving this  thing forward.   Mr. Speaker, we have had 3 years of hard work on this, 114 hearings.  We are ready to move this bill forward. I recommend that my folks vote  against the last-minute, last-ditch effort to look like they are  legislating because they ignored the legislative process for over a  month, including in committee, and let's move this forward.   Mr. Speaker, vote ``no'' on this amendment and ``yes'' on the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   