 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill.   This short resolution, this continuing resolution will give us time  to negotiate it, but it addresses our Nation's priorities. Let's be  very clear. If this does not pass now, go to the Senate, pass there and  then sent to the President for his signature and signed, the Federal  Government will shut down this week.   So we all know, as the chairman said, that short-term CRs, that is  not something that we want to do. That is not our preference. But  again, if this one does not pass now, the Federal Government will shut  down.   This is no time to shortchange our first responders, our military as  we continue to recover from natural disasters in places all throughout  our country and, again, respond to the threats that face us abroad.  This is no time to shut down the Federal Government.   The CR supports ongoing transportation safety missions, including air  traffic control.   Again, we cannot allow the government to shut down and put all of  that in jeopardy.   It allows us to continue to house the most vulnerable families,  especially our veterans. This is not the time to let them down by  shutting, again, the Federal Government down.   It also funds medical care for millions of children, blocks  burdensome health insurance taxes, and, again, supports mission- critical defense activities. This is not the time to let them all down  and shut down the Federal Government.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, this short-term CR will allow us to work  together to find common ground on, again, full-year 2018 bills that  meet both our defense and domestic priorities.   Something else, Mr. Speaker. I want the country to know that we also  have to deal, have to solve the issue of DACA. Both sides have been at  fault for, in many cases, refusing to sit down in good faith to  negotiate a solution. This CR gives us some time to make sure we solve  that issue.   It is not time now for political games and gamesmanship and politics.  We need to be able to solve the issue of those young folks. We can't do  that if the government is shut down.    It is time for leadership, for courage. Let's sit down, work out our  differences, help secure the border, and provide a solution for these  deserving kids.   For that reason and for so many others, Mr. Speaker, it is essential  that we do not allow the Federal Government to shut down. Voting  against this resolution is a vote to shut down the Federal Government.  I believe that will be highly irresponsible, so I urge a strong ``yes''  vote.   