 Mr. Chair, the internet was never meant to  be a zone of impunity for traffickers and their accomplices, including  classified ad websites, that turn a blind eye to or actively facilitate  to profit from the sex trafficking of children. Yet we are seeing the  internet used as a virtual slave market.   Today, because of Ann Wagner's tenacity, her courage, her legislative  skill and compassion, and this bipartisan effort that, again, comes to  the floor to make a major change in law, we begin taking back the  internet from traffickers by passing H.R. 1865. This legislation will  also allow those who have been hurt to sue. It empowers women,  especially women, to take their cases into court and to get remedies  there as well.    Today we say no to the status quo that allows our children to be  bought, abused, and sold again with impunity online. Today we say no to  courts slamming the door on trafficking victims who want to sue website  owners complicit in sexual abuse and cruelty.   Mr. Chair, the statistics of the National Center for Missing and  Exploited Children show that backpage.com is the subject of the  majority of the child trafficking tips that are received in the United  States. In documents obtained by subpoena that backpage.com originally  refused to share--and I see that Mrs. Maloney will be speaking in a  moment; she and I worked very hard on that as well--Congress has found  that backpage.com was removing telltale words and signs of likely human  trafficking from advertisements on its  [[Page H1295]]  website but still posting the advertisements and making money. They  made it harder to detect.   Backpage.com actively prevented U.S. law enforcement from detecting  children being trafficked. Backpage wasn't prosecuted. Judges across  the country wouldn't even allow civil suits by trafficking victims who  were sold through backpage.com, as was pointed out by Ann Wagner just a  moment ago, all because of a law that was written before the internet  or human trafficking was really understood: Section 230 of the  Communications Decency Act.   Today, Congress will change that law. God willing it passes in the  Senate and it will be signed by the President.   Today we can protect our children and free speech, too. H.R. 1865, as  amended, will allow State prosecutors to prosecute, and it empowers  trafficked women, victims, to sue the middleman who facilitated and  profited from their slavery.   The status quo of rampant child online sex trafficking is more than  unacceptable; it is absolutely abhorrent to anyone who believes in  human dignity and human rights. This is a tremendous bill. Mr. Chair,  again, I thank Ann Wagner for her leadership.   