 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 519, which would provide tax- exempt mutual irrigation companies with more flexibility in respect to  funding their operations, maintenance, and improvement of their water  infrastructure, especially in drought-stricken areas.   Tax-exempt mutual ditch or irrigation companies are important to  rural communities and to agriculture. These companies allow farmers,  ranchers, and others, including water users and even some urban water  users, to collaborate and pool resources to install and maintain vital  infrastructure for the delivery of water.   To maintain their tax-exempt status, however, mutual ditch or  irrigation companies must satisfy Tax Code requirements that the bulk  of their income, which is used to fund operations and capital  improvements, must be from the shareholders of these irrigation and  water delivery districts.   H.R. 519 allows these companies to receive other sources of income  and still maintain their tax-exempt status. The bill provides that, for  the income from other sources to receive this preferential tax  treatment, it generally must be used for operations and maintenance to  ensure that these funds will be reinvested in irrigation infrastructure  systems.   This bill would provide mutual irrigation companies with more  flexibility with respect to funding their operations and maintaining  improvements to their water infrastructure, especially in the drought- stricken areas, and it will facilitate more efficient water allocation  in support of these rural economies.   This bill also clarifies that governance matters in regard to these  mutual ditch or irrigation companies may be arranged as permitted under  the State laws.   This bill supports local economies, promotes more efficient use of  water, helps farmers and ranchers in many arid areas, and actually is  just much fairer in how these resources are maintained and the ability  to maintain these districts under the understanding of the current Tax  Code.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, just sort of a quick commentary.   I want to thank the gentleman from California for his input, his  observations. He has been incredibly constructive and paid a lot of  attention to protecting his constituents. Those of us from arid areas,  we care a lot about this.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr.  Buck).     Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume for a very quick closing.   In a previous life, I was the treasurer of Maricopa County. We had  3,300 taxing districts in this county. A substantial number of those  taxing districts were actually just these, irrigation and water  delivery. Many of them were in the rural parts of my county, but a lot  of them, you would be surprised, were actually in the suburban and even  some in downtown Phoenix.   I have actually had a conversation with a couple of them, one asking  if they had an excess water allocation that year, could they actually  sell it to the local pond, the little conservation reserve in our  riverbed, and those things; and if they did so, if that amount of money  exceeded 15 percent of their revenues, would they blow up their tax  status.   In this case, this legislation would prevent that, but they still  have to use that money to constantly improve their infrastructure,  therefore, I believe, being more water economical.   So this is a good thing for our communities, particularly rural,  particularly the uniqueness of those of us in the desert Southwest.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes,'' and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I will do this really quickly.    Being from Arizona, where I have, functionally, 23 Tribes, 21 or 22  reservations, it is surprising how often this becomes a subject and  trying to understand how big and complex many of our Tribal communities  are. We think our lives are sometimes complex. Imagine having to  operate in the world of multiple layers, where you have to deal with  State and local, Federal, and then Tribal politics, issues, and those  things.   I was visiting some of my friends on a Tribal community called Ak- Chin. It was interesting. One of the gentleman there basically said: I  am on council. I can't participate in Social Security. But before I was  on council, I managed one of the Tribal operations, and there I could  participate in Social Security.   I know this is sort of a glitch, but this is one of those honorable  things where we step up and we create some optionality. Within that  optionality, I think we respect Tribal sovereignty, and we are just  doing the right thing here.   