 Mr. President, tonight the President will address a  joint session of Congress in his first official State of the Union. I  want to talk about what I expect the President to say and also what I  suspect he will not.   The President will be eager to defend the accomplishments of his  nascent administration and take credit for a healthy American economy,  pointing to low unemployment, job growth, and a soaring stock market,  but the truth is, these trends were present before Donald Trump took  office. President Trump was handed an already healthy economy by his  predecessor. Like many things in his life, he inherited the healthy  economy.   Here are two words we will not hear President Trump say tonight about  the  [[Page S559]]  economy--thanks, Obama--because much of the growth in 2017 was created  by President Obama's policies and, by many measures, the growth under  President Obama was better than under President Trump.   Under President Obama, employment was driven from over 10 percent  down into the fours. The tightening of the labor market finally started  to reverse the stagnancy of median income. The stock market President  Trump often touts on Twitter was booming under President Obama as well.   In President Trump's first year, the economy created 2.06 million  jobs. That is less than the 2.24 million jobs created in 2016, the last  year of Obama's term.   Again, President Trump, President Obama created more jobs in the last  year of his term than you created in the first year of yours. So if you  are going to pat yourself on the back, give a shout out to Barack Obama  because he did even better than you in job creation.   In 2017, under President Trump, average monthly job growth was lower  than in 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012, and 2011, all under President  Obama.   Again, President Trump, job growth in the first year of your term was  less than in each of the last 6 years of President Obama's term.   How about the stock market. In the first 6 months of 2017, the  percentage growth of the S&P 500 was lower than during the first 6  months of President Obama's term. In the first year of the Trump  Presidency, the percentage growth of the Dow was lower than during the  first year of President Obama.   So, again, here are two words we would like President Trump to say  tonight about the economy: Thanks, Obama. We may never hear President  Trump say those words, but he ought to.   I also expect the President to speak about bipartisanship. President  Trump understands there is a very low bar when it comes to the topic.  His first year in office has been so divisive, even a mere appeal to  bipartisanship sounds like progress, but the proof will be in the  pudding. Will President Trump pursue real bipartisanship through his  actions or will he fall back on empty rhetoric? When it comes to  bipartisanship, President Trump has to walk the walk, not just talk the  talk intermittently. Mr. President, when it comes to bipartisanship,  actions speak a whole lot louder than words.   I would remind President Trump that this has been one of the most  partisan administrations many of us have ever worked with. I have  worked under President Reagan, President H.W. Bush, and President W.  Bush--all Republicans. All of them were legions more bipartisan than  President Trump's first year.   What have we seen? An assembly line of partisan CRAs designed not to  need a single Democratic vote; a Supreme Court Justice picked by the  hard-right Heritage Foundation and Federalist Society, no consultation,  not a consensus nominee; a partisan healthcare bill that failed under  reconciliation, specifically designed not to include Democrats; a  partisan tax bill that ultimately passed, also under reconciliation--no  consultation with Democrats, not a single Democratic vote.   The reason these don't get Democratic votes is President Trump and  his administration don't talk to us. They don't ask us what we might  suggest. They don't try to create a bipartisan meld which great  Presidents have done from the time of George Washington; they just act  in a narrow, partisan way, and the American people know it.   There has been hardly a shred of bipartisanship in the Trump era,  despite our many appeals for it. The President and congressional  Republicans seem to think that bipartisanship happens when one side  puts together a bill, pounds the table, and demands the other side  support the bill, with no negotiation, no compromise.   They are missing the step where they consult with the other side and  work with the other side to earn their support. That is the hard work  of legislating in our democracy, but this administration eschews hard  work. The Republican majority and the White House have been content to  craft legislation on their own, demand Democrats support it, and then  label us obstructionists when, without consultation, without  compromise, we don't. That dynamic is the root of the ineffectiveness  and gridlock in Congress. I sincerely hope that changes.    If the President calls for bipartisanship tonight, I welcome it. But  we eagerly await action, not just a sound bite in a speech. We await  the honest debate, the good faith give-and-take, and the eventual  compromise that are the actual hallmarks of bipartisanship. If those  things arise, even though they haven't in the first year, Democrats  will gladly work with our Republican colleagues and the White House to  get things done for the middle class. But we need to see it to believe  it. Mere words in a speech tonight will not create bipartisanship;  actions will.   Finally, here is something that President Trump should discuss  tonight: Russia sanctions. He ought to impose the sanctions, as  Congress voted for in an overwhelmingly bipartisan fashion, or at least  explain why he hasn't done so yet. We call on President Trump in the  State of the Union to tell Americans that he will support the sanctions  90 percent of America supports or tell us why he will not.   Over a year ago, the U.S. intelligence community concluded that  Russian President Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at  the U.S. Presidential election. That is a fact. That is a fact that is  shocking. A hostile foreign power interfered with an American election  and likely influenced it in measurable ways. The Founders of our  country feared this very possibility. They knew that for a democracy to  work, the election of the people's representatives must be free, fair,  and legitimate, and that foreign powers, even back then, would try to  corrupt the process. They wrote safeguards into the Constitution to  protect it.   Last year, the American people were the victim of such an attack by  an antagonistic foreign power: Russia. I call on President Trump  tonight to use his State of the Union to tell Americans what he plans  to do about Russian attacks on our democracy.   Implement sanctions, President Trump, or at the very least tell us  why you haven't.   Today is the day the President is supposed to obey the sanctions  issue Congress voted on overwhelmingly a while back. There is no  subject more worthy of a thorough and unbiased investigation than the  Russian interference in our elections. Yet the President and his allies  have waged a scorched-earth campaign to discredit the investigation in  any way possible--by assassinating the character of career civil  servants, assailing the credibility of the media, attacking our own law  enforcement agencies and officers, even denigrating the institutions of  American Government.   The White House and congressional Republicans' attacks on Mueller and  his investigation make you believe it was taking place in a banana  republic, Erdogan's Turkey, or Putin's Russia, not in the United States  of America. What has been done by House Republicans and gone along with  by just about the whole Republican establishment is not worthy of this  democracy. It makes us look like a banana republic, and it is shameful.   A different kind of President would be encouraging Special Counsel  Mueller's investigation and shouting down those forces who tried to  interfere with it. A different kind of President would want to know how  precisely Russia meddled in our election and would have severely  punished Putin for it to discourage him from ever trying it again.   Here we are, 180 days since the President signed the historic Russia  sanctions bill passed by this body by a vote of 97 to 2, and he hasn't  even implemented those sanctions. He is supposed to do it today, the  day of the State of the Union.   Again, Mr. President, implement the sanctions tonight, or at least  tell the American people why you are not, opening an invitation to  Russia to do it again.   Why won't Donald Trump use the power given to him by a near-unanimous  vote in Congress to hold Russia accountable?   The administration refused to implement secondary sanctions against  the Russian defense and intelligence sectors. Last night, the  administration released a mandated report of Russian  [[Page S560]]  oligarchs that seems to match a list already put together by Forbes  magazine. This is a reflection of the lack of seriousness with which  they took up this task.   When it comes to sanctions, the White House has engaged in a  dangerous Kabuki theater that tries to show strength when in fact there  is none. These actions are not good enough. They are for show.   Why is the President so afraid to sanction Putin, his associates, or  other corrupt Russian actors and officials? Why is President Trump  giving Putin a free pass after he attacked our democracy? What is he so  afraid of? The American people are asking that question, and they have  their answers.   Only a year after a hostile foreign power shook the very bedrock of  our democracy, any other President would spend his first State of the  Union talking about efforts that were underway to punish the abuser and  prevent such an attack from ever recurring. Why not this President?   If President Trump wishes to save his Presidency from the shame of  having failed to address one of the gravest threats threatening our  country, he will announce this evening in no uncertain terms that he is  sanctioning President Putin. Any other President would have already  made it their priority to take decisive action in their first year, but  this President is paralyzed when it comes to Putin and his cronies in  Russia.   Here are two words the President may not say tonight: ``Russia  sanctions''--but he ought to.   I yield the floor.   