 Mr. President, I rise today in support of the bipartisan  Federal Aviation Administration Reauthorization Act of 2018.   After six short-term extensions ranging from 1 week to just over a  year, the Senate will finally pass comprehensive legislation that will  set FAA policy until 2023. These short-term extensions keep the lights  on, but they deny us the opportunity to make meaningful changes and  better serve the American people.   I am a member of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and  Transportation, and I am proud of our committee's work that made this  long-term reauthorization possible, but I am especially thankful to our  committee chairman, John Thune, and ranking member, Bill Nelson, for  their leadership throughout this process.   This bill makes critical investments in airport infrastructure. It  promotes  [[Page S6430]]  competition and leadership in aviation, increases safety in the  National Airspace System, and strengthens customer service practices  across the commercial aviation sector.   The legislation delivers very strong support to our rural communities  in Michigan and across the Nation by continuing the Essential Air  Service, or EAS, Program. This program drives economic development and  tourism while also connecting local residents to world-class  healthcare. I will never stop fighting to ensure that Michigan's EAS  airports--from Muskegon, to Houghton/Hancock, to Alpena--get the  funding they need to continue to serve their communities.   In addition to driving sustained investment in rural communities, I  support this long-term reauthorization because it gave me an  opportunity to address a number of critical challenges that are facing  our country. This bill includes provisions I authored that will help  prepare our students for the high-tech jobs of today and tomorrow,  secure public spaces in our airports, and remove the outdated Federal  requirement that airports use firefighting foams containing fluorinated  chemicals that contaminate groundwater and are causing disastrous human  health effects across the country.   The FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018 will improve the competitiveness  of our Nation's workforce by clearing the way for our students and  educators to use unmanned aircraft systems, or UAS, for research,  education, and job training. Whether this technology is used for  critical infrastructure or boosting crop yields at our farms, UAS  technology will create tens of thousands of new jobs in the coming  years, and we need American students and workers ready to take  advantage of that. That is why I worked across the aisle with Senator  Moran to introduce the Higher Education Unmanned Air Systems  Modernization Act and include it in this long-term FAA bill.   This provision has the support of the Association of Public and Land- grant Universities, the Association of American Universities, and  dozens of other colleges and universities all across our Nation.   Our brightest minds will have the ability to design, refine, and fly  UAS to prepare our country for the safe integration of UAS into our  National Airspace System.   In my home State of Michigan, Alpena Community College has created a  UAS pilot training program that complements existing certificate  programs, like the utility technology certificate, making their  graduates even more competitive.   This will support job creation across the income spectrum, as our  Nation's workforce will be able to get the training they need to  operate these systems both safely and efficiently.   Ultimately, whether we are talking about UAS, passenger planes in the  air, or travelers making their way through the airport, this is all  about safety. In recent years, we have seen high-profile attacks at  airports around the world but also in places like Flint, MI. These  attacks have demonstrated the vulnerabilities of heavily trafficked  public areas outside of security screening, such as baggage claim and  pickup and dropoff areas.   I heard from our international airport in Detroit and others across  the country that current airport funding streams often cannot be used  for security projects in these public spaces. Their need for greater  flexibility for airport infrastructure improvements led me and my  colleague Senator Gardner to introduce the bipartisan Secure Airport  Public Spaces Act. This legislation would increase safety and security  for airport passengers and visitors outside of the TSA screening areas.  A critical provision of our bill was incorporated into this  reauthorization bill that will now allow airports to use Airport  Improvement Program funds on state-of-the-art surveillance cameras in  these public areas, which will help monitor, prevent, and respond to  potential attacks at airports across our Nation.   Finally, I would like to discuss what could be our Nation's defining  public health challenge for generations--a group of harmful chemicals  known as PFAS. The PFAS class is a group of over 4,700 manmade  chemicals that have been used nationwide and internationally. These  chemicals do not break down in the human body or in the environment,  and they can accumulate over time and cause a great deal of harm. We  already know that there are several health effects associated with  exposure to certain PFAS. A few examples include compromised immune  system function, cancers, endocrine disruption, and cognitive effects.   I have listened to families exposed to PFAS in Michigan, but PFAS are  not just a Michigan issue. We know that there are over 170 sites in 40  States that are contaminated with PFAS. PFAS are so pervasive that it  is estimated that up to 110 million Americans could have these  chemicals in their water.   PFAS chemicals have been used for decades in a wide range of consumer  products, including textiles, paper products, and cookware. In addition  to all of these uses, they have also been used in firefighting foams  for decades. These foams have been used on military bases and in our  commercial airports. They have been used near businesses and  neighborhoods, near ground water and surface water, near lakes and  streams.    Last week, I worked with Senator Rand Paul to convene a hearing in  our Federal Spending Oversight Subcommittee that addressed the Federal  Government's role in PFAS. We heard firsthand about the impact of this  public health crisis on community members, firefighters, and veterans.  Not only have these foams containing PFAS been used for decades, we are  still requiring their use at American airports even as safe  alternatives are now being developed and deployed abroad.   While there is a lot of work to be done related to remediation, human  health research, filter technology, and more, we must stop making this  problem worse. This is why I worked with Senators Sullivan, Stabenow,  Rubio, Shaheen, Gillibrand, and Hassan to lead a commonsense addition  to this FAA bill.   Our bipartisan provision gives airports the option to use fluorine- free foams. I also appreciate Congressman Kildee for leading this  effort in the House of Representatives.   Using fluorine-free foams is not a novel idea, but it is an idea  whose time has come. Over 70 airports around the world are already  using fluorine-free foams that have passed the most challenging of  tests, and they have seen real success in combating fires. These  airports include major international hubs such as Dubai, London  Heathrow, Manchester, and Copenhagen. Every major airport in Australia  has already made this transition.   It is past time that we catch up, and I am happy too that this  important legislation will finally allow American airports to embrace  safe, innovative firefighting technologies and stop using fluorinated  foams.   I want to thank Chairman Thune and Ranking Member Nelson, as well as  Leader McConnell and Leader Schumer, for their work to pass this  important bipartisan legislation.   I urge my colleagues to support this critical long-term FAA  reauthorization that will help keep PFAS out of our water. It will help  drive investment in our Nation's workforce, and it will help ensure  that our airports and skies are safe.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to allow my Sea  Grant fellow, Jillian Farkas, to be granted floor privileges for the  remainder of the day.   