 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the 2018  Consolidated Appropriations Act.   This agreement continues the subcommittee's critical work addressing  wildland fire, domestic energy production, and the needs of our  national parks. It makes significant investments in healthcare, law  enforcement, and educational programs, honoring our longstanding  commitments to American Indians and Alaska Natives.   The agreement includes a package of significant forest management and  fire budgeting reforms that will provide budget certainty for Forest  Service programs and activities, reduce litigation, and, most  importantly, improve the health of our national forests. This is the  culmination of a years-long effort to improve the way we budget for  wildland fires and the way our national forests are managed. I want to  congratulate Mike Simpson for his leadership on the issue.   This agreement provides additional moneys to the National Park  Service, including an increase of $185 million to address deferred  maintenance and construction needs. The Payments in Lieu of Taxes  program is fully funded.   This legislation makes sizeable investments in water infrastructure,  providing $2.9 billion through the Clean Water and Drinking Water State  Revolving Loan Funds, as well as $63 million for the WIFIA program,  which will finance over $6 billion in infrastructure programs.   Before I close, I want to thank the ranking member, Betty McCollum  from Minnesota. She has been a partner and a friend as we worked  through our hearings, wrote the bill, and moved it through the  legislative process.   I want to thank Chairman Frelinghuysen for his support of the  Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, and for his  leadership of the full committee. Congratulations to the chairman for  bringing this bill and this process to a successful conclusion.    Finally, I would like to thank the staff, who worked so hard on this  bill: Darren Benjamin, Betsy Bina, Jackie Kilroy, Kristin Richmond,  Dave LesStrang. On my own staff: Ian Foley, Rebecca Keightley, Tricia  Evans, and Dave Kennett.   I also want to thank the leadership staff, especially Kiel Weaver  from the Speaker's office, for their hard work.   Mr. Speaker, I urge an ``aye'' vote.   