 Madam President, I am about to engage in a brief colloquy  about a unanimous consent request with my colleague, the Senator from  California.   I ask unanimous consent that, notwithstanding the previous order, I  be able to have 5 minutes to do that prior to the vote.    Madam President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of  Calendar No.  [[Page S5044]]  297, S. 118; that the committee-reported substitute amendment be agreed  to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and  passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Mr. President, I appreciate the comments made by my  distinguished colleague, the Senator from California.   When Americans see a ``Made in USA'' label on a product, it is a  source of great pride. It represents the American virtues of innovation  and industriousness. It is a symbol of support for American  manufacturing jobs and high-quality products across the board, and it  often spurs American consumers to buy those very products.   The Federal Trade Commission currently enforces a difficult standard  for products to claim the ``Made in USA'' label. It requires that all  or virtually all of a product must be made in the United States, and it  has issued lengthy guidance documents establishing the rules. However,  one State holds a different standard--one that is nearly impossible for  businesses to meet. Under California's law, if more than 5 percent of  the components of a product are manufactured outside the United States,  even if that means just a few bolts or a few screws, then that product  cannot be labeled ``Made in USA.''   While companies could legally boast this claim in 49 of the 50 States  under the Federal standards set by the Federal Trade Commission, they  are often unable to do so because of the flow of interstate commerce.  Most manufacturers sell wholesale to national and international  distributors who then disperse products throughout the country. As a  result, companies must label products according to the most rigid  definition in order to protect themselves from costly litigation. In  short, one State--one single State--is effectively governing how  interstate commerce is conducted with regard to ``Made in USA''  labeling throughout the country.   The Reinforcing American-Made Products Act would solve this problem  by ensuring that the current Federal definition is the supreme labeling  law in interstate commerce without weakening the strong ``Made in USA''  national standard. In addition to upholding the Constitution, which  empowers Congress--this body--to regulate interstate commerce, this  legislation would provide clarity and consistency, which would help  American companies avoid unnecessary hardships and frivolous lawsuits.   In the global marketplace, it is increasingly difficult for small  American companies to stay afloat, let alone to compete. This reform  would ultimately encourage manufacturing in America and use American  tools and resources. It would also help so many of the small businesses  and ordinary American workers who are currently being left behind, and  helping them ought to be our goal.   This bill passed unanimously out of committee, and it has broad  bipartisan support. I am disappointed that it is being blocked by the  few people who do not support it when it could benefit all 50 of our  States. We should exercise this authority, and we should open the flow  of interstate commerce.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   