 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for  bringing this issue to light.   As you can see, I am serving in this uniform. We are all citizens  here tonight. No one outranks another. As a matter of fact, we all  serve at the pleasure of our constituents, and we ask to earn their  votes.   With that, I want to join my colleagues in this call for a second  special counsel to investigate the abuses of the Foreign Intelligence  Surveillance Act court.   Knowing what we know now, this warrant was based off of a bogus news  report which was based off of a bogus document that was commissioned  much like, Mr. Speaker, someone commissions an artist for a painting  and said: Well, we want this information to make the other guy look  bad, so we are going to pay you. You go get the information, put it  together in a nice format for us, and then we are going to act like it  is real.   I say that because, right now, there doesn't seem to be any evidence  that says that any of it is real, no evidence after over a year of  investigation.   So they commissioned this dossier, which is just a fancy name for a  file, to  [[Page H3338]]  go get the other guy, and they use that to get a FISA warrant and  investigate him using the power of the Federal Government, the highest  power, to investigate a private citizen.   Now, this begs the question, Mr. Speaker: Did these partisans  intentionally mislead the FISA court? That is the question.   The reason that we are asking for a second special counsel  acknowledges that these things can be problematic, they can run far  afield, and we want them to be focused only on what they are focused on  and not looking at everything and anything.   But the reason there has to be a second special counsel, Mr. Speaker,  is because that is the only one who can answer this question. Because  the people who potentially stand accused--and we don't know exactly who  they are--are a limited group of people, because I can't get a FISA  court to investigate somebody--you can't get a FISA court to  investigate, and the American people can't get the FISA court to  investigate somebody where they think something wrong has happened.  Only the Department of Justice and the FBI folks can get this FISA  warrant.   If they are the only people who can get it, then they can't be  investigating themselves. Nowhere else do we ask the accused to  investigate himself and come up with the right answer, only in this  crazy world that we live in right here. So that is why we must have the  second special counsel. The standard for accountability simply must be  higher.   And if you don't understand, when you go to the FISA court, it is not  like any other court where you say: ``Here is the prosecution's case,  and here is the defense's case.'' It doesn't work like that. It is only  the prosecution's case because it is secret, Mr. Speaker. The defense  doesn't get to defend themselves until after the fact.   That is why there has to be a higher standard and a higher level of  accountability, because it is only supposed to be in the rarest of  circumstances that this is used.   I have said over and over again: Do I live in a free America or do I  live in a place where there is a secret police like the KGB where,  instead of investigating crimes, we investigate people, and we keep  investigating and investigating until we find a crime?   That is not what we plan for in America. Nowhere is it said that  people in high positions are allowed to weaponize the instruments of  Federal power to get back at their political rivals or their political  enemies. American citizens deserve strict constitutional protections  regardless of what court they are in and, most specifically and most  especially, if they are in the FISA Court.   The Founding Fathers wrote the Fourth Amendment to enshrine and  ensure that the right of the people to be secure in their persons,  their houses, their papers and effects against unreasonable searches  and seizures shall not be violated. But, Mr. Speaker, they have been  violated. The Founding Fathers wrote that long before the internet was  available and long before cameras and microphones were ubiquitous in  our society. The time is now long overdue to reaffirm that right.   I have always opposed warrantless surveillance and searches of  American citizens because they violate the Constitution. Mr. Speaker,  you may say: Why should I care? I am not being investigated by the FISA  court. It is not happening to me.   But think about that. If it can happen to the President of the United  States, arguably the most powerful person in our country if not the  free world, then do you think it can't happen to you?   Do you think it is fair? Is it right to have one standard of justice,  or is it okay to have two: one for all of us people out here and then  one for the politically connected?   That is why you should care, because there is a true danger in the  unchecked power and authority of a faceless government bureaucrat.   The American people have a right to know who is watching the  watchmen, and it is our job in Congress to do that watching. That is  why we are calling for this second special counsel. Mr. Speaker, it is  long overdue and it is long past time. These abuses cannot continue.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for the time and for  bringing this issue to light.   