 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Georgia for leading on  this issue.   I rise today in strong support of his bipartisan bill, the  Comprehensive Regulatory Review Act.   It strikes me as common sense that Federal regulators should review  their regulations and rules on a consistent basis. They should also  seek comment from the people whom these rules actually affect. Mr.  Loudermilk's bill helps accomplish this goal by requiring the CFPB and  National Credit Union Administration do so every 7 years.   Mr. Speaker, since the implementation of Dodd-Frank, community banks  and credit unions have had a more difficult time serving their  customers. The red tape and additional burden brought on by Dodd-Frank  has increased costs for the consumer and reduced their choices in the  market for financial products.   One agency in particular that is guilty for this additional burden is  the CFPB, which has finalized over 60 rules since their creation. Many  of their rules are duplicative and unnecessary. I think, at the very  least, they should review and study how their regulations are affecting  real folks in the real world.   I hear from financial institutions back home how the CFPB has done  nothing but harm their community bank or their credit union. They are  being overwhelmed by the volume and complexity of regulations, and that  is just not okay.   Harmonization is the goal of this bill, and that should not be  partisan or even controversial. We simply want less people buried in  paperwork and more people starting businesses through their local  financial institution.   This bill is supported by folks across the political spectrum, and I  am excited about the good it will do for our financial institutions  back home and consumers in my district.   I want to again thank Mr. Loudermilk for introducing this important  piece of legislation that will ensure our financial system is  functioning efficiently for hardworking Americans.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of Mr.  Kustoff's bill, the National Strategy for Combating the Financing of  Transnational Criminal Organizations Act.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend for his leadership on this  important issue, even if it does have a really, really long name.   I have seen firsthand how these transnational drug cartels can  disrupt civil society. In my own district, the opioid epidemic has  destroyed innocent people's lives, including kids, while transnational  criminal organizations, or TCOs, profit on people's misery and their  death.   TCOs have brought heroin to our streets and, along with it, increased  crime, placing additional burdens on law enforcement in local  communities.   We are in crisis mode, and targeted steps need to be taken to address  this epidemic at all phases. We have to crack down on the pusher on the  street. We have to crack down on the drug cartels. We have to crack  down on the drug companies that have made a profit from  overprescription and filling suspect orders.   Most of all, we have to crack down on the intricate faceless and  unbelievably complex international criminal organizations that allow  the profits from these activities into our economy.   We must eradicate the international illicit financing networks that  are the linchpin of any criminal organization's operations. But we  don't have a unified national plan.   Luckily, this committee has an opportunity to make a difference by  coming up with a national strategy and plan to attack transnational  criminal organizations' finances.   Mr. Kustoff's bill would direct the Secretary of the Treasury to  provide that plan, a vital first step towards addressing the threat  posed by the growing sophistication of illicit financing networks.   Passing this bill is a significant step toward an effective,  sustained national strategy to attack the funding that makes these TCOs  possible.   Therefore, it is critical that we continue to maximize cooperation  among Federal departments to keep our policies ahead of these  transnational criminals.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of Mr. Kustoff's timely and important  piece of legislation.   