 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to talk about a milestone  that happened about 3 weeks ago.   We have a couple of interesting dates. April 15 just passed. We call  it tax day. But it was another day. It was also the date we were  supposed to complete the Senate budget for fiscal year 2019, which  starts on October 1 of this year. Well, April 15 came, and the IRS  deadline did indeed hit, but there was no budget completed. This is  part of the dysfunction that people back home are so upset about. I  want to talk about that today, but first I want to talk about the  derivative of that broken process.   In my office, we have a debt clock. A few weeks ago, that debt clock  passed a milestone: $21 trillion. If that weren't bad enough, the  commitments of this Federal Government over the last 50 years-- actually, indeed, over the last 100 years--the commitments that have  been made in the structural programs of this big government bureaucracy  have committed us to some $130 trillion over just the next 30 years.   That means that every household in America owes the equivalent of $1  million per household. These are not theoretic numbers. These are  mathematical realities derived from commitments made by a lot of our  programs that we have passed over the last 100 years in this country.   In my opinion, we are well past the tipping point with this debt.  Last week, the CBO came out with their new forecast for fiscal year  2018 and beyond. I want to talk about that today because there are some  dramatic revelations in there. At $21 trillion, we are already well  past the tipping point of this crisis.   In my opinion, the CBO forecasts don't do a very good job of  forecasting revenue. For example, they take very little account of  foreign direct investment. They underestimate the impact of the change  to the repatriation tax law we just made. I believe the revenue  forecast is out of line, but I do agree with their forecast of  expenses, and I  [[Page S2312]]  think therein lies a great learning, if we will pay attention to it.   In their forecast, on top of the $21 trillion we just crossed over,  their projection is that we will add another $10 trillion or more to  this debt. Whether I might quibble with that a little bit or not, it is  directionally correct. Because of that, I am on the floor of the Senate  tonight talking about the crisis and the tipping point we are well  past, because we are out of time to deal with this.   In just the next 5 years, the interest on this debt alone, in the  year 2023, will be greater than the amount of money we spend on the  defense of this country, and that assumes a very low forecast for  interest rates. One of the reasons for that is that the last  administration, instead of buying bonds or putting out bonds that were  longer in duration, put out bonds that were shorter in duration because  they had a little lower interest rate--interest rates were  fundamentally zero--and the rest of the world put out longer duration  bonds. So what happens is that these shorter duration bonds are  maturing, and when they mature they have to go out at more and more  expensive rates.   In just the last 18 months, the Fed fund rate has been increased six  times, one-quarter point each. That 150 basis points on our size debt  is more than $300 billion a year. As a matter of fact--and this is not  a forecast--this year, the interest on our debt, the interest that we  pay, is $50 billion more than just last year--$50 billion more than we  spent last year. Fifty billion dollars--this is a train wreck coming at  us, and Congress has been reluctant to deal with it straight-up.   Every year, we go through a budget process. I have been in the budget  process now for 3 years, since I got here. The first year we did a  budget, it took $7.5 trillion out of the expense plan for the next 10  years--but it lasted 4 months. It was waived by this body in order to  get to a grand bargain so the other side would vote for funding the  government by the end of that fiscal year and so we wouldn't have a  shutdown.    Last year, there was no budget done. It was basically deemed so  Republicans could do reconciliation. Then, again, the budget for this  year was not done. It was deemed so Republicans could again get to  reconciliation. I believe reconciliation is being used improperly. We  used reconciliation to try to fix healthcare and try to fix the Tax  Code.   Our country is at a point where this debt now has to be our No. 1  priority. We have two crises in our country today. One is this debt  crisis. The other, I would argue, is the global security crisis. The  world hasn't been more dangerous than this in my lifetime, and I  believe the two are interrelated.   The last Congress allowed the last administration to disinvest in the  military to a point where we are now in jeopardy of being able to  defend our country. It is time for action.   In business, if you get into a crisis like this, it is all hands on  deck because it is about survival. I would argue that it is about that  time here. The problem is that we really haven't talked about the  problem in its entirety and what we can still do about it. I want to  talk tonight about what is driving this.   When we look at the numbers, it is very clear. We raise about $2.2  trillion in taxes. That is income taxes on individuals, income taxes on  corporations, and other sources of revenue--about $2.2 trillion. We use  the first dollars to pay for mandatory expenses.   We have two types of expenses: mandatory and discretionary. Mandatory  expenses are those like your home mortgage, your car payment, your  insurance payment, things that get deducted automatically out of your  paycheck. We have that. It is called mandatory expenses.   What is mandatory expenses? Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid,  pension benefits for Federal employees, Federal retirement, veterans'  benefits, and so forth. Those are mandatory expenses, and we subsidize  those today. Even though there are trust funds, the Social Security and  Medicare trust funds are not able to meet the needs of the citizens who  are drawing benefits today. We are subsidizing out of that general  account almost half a trillion dollars a year. If you include Medicaid  and ObamaCare, the healthcare costs, it is almost $1 trillion, today.  Out of the $2 trillion that we collect in taxes, about 25 percent of it  automatically goes to those three line items. Then, about another $1.7  trillion are then taken out. Debt service is $316 billion--almost half  of what we spend on our military today.   After you take all of that out, there is only about a half trillion  dollars left. Yet we still have all of the other discretionary expenses  that we fuss about when we do the budget. The budget only deals with  discretionary spending. I believe that is one of our problems. What is  in discretionary spending? Defense, veterans, and all other domestic  discretionary spending.   So it is $1.2 trillion. Ten years ago, it was $1.5 trillion. Because  of the Budget Control Act and because of sequestration, discretionary  expenses have declined in America over the last decade, partly because  of the good work of our appropriators and because of the laws that were  put in place.   Fundamentally, about half of what we spend this year on discretionary  spending, which includes the military, VA, and all the other domestic  discretionary spending--that is the State Department, foreign aid,  education, health, welfare, the whole bit--comes out of that. Half of  it is borrowed money. Over the last decade, 100 percent of what we  spent in our discretionary expenses was borrowed money. When we  allocated money in this body for hurricane victims--and we all know we  want to do that--every dollar we allocated was borrowed money. We had  to go to China or to some other country and hope they are going to buy  another issue of our government bonds in order for us to then subsidize  our standard of living.   I have been arguing for 5 years that our standard of living is  somewhat artificial because of the amount of Federal debt and the  amount of household debt in America today.   The other thing I am so distraught about is that this would be fine  if it were just this year. But we have a system where we have  commitments over the next 30 years that are out of control.   This chart shows discretionary spending historically over the last 18  years, back to 2000. The red line is discretionary spending. The blue  line in the last 18 years is mandatory spending. They both went up  about the same--mandatory spending, a little more.   But look at what happens from here forward. This is not my number.  This is CBO's number. This is CBO on expenses behind mandatory  expenses. Again, that is Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, pension  and benefits for Federal employees, and healthcare expense obligations  of the Federal Government. This is a 20-year schedule. Again, the blue  line is mandatory expenses and the red line is discretionary expenses.  It goes from about $2.5 trillion this year on mandatory expenses, and  in the 10-year period it goes to over $8 trillion.   That is in line with what happened just in the last 16 years. In  2000, the size of our government was $2.4 trillion. The size of our  government in 2016, the last year of President Obama, was $4.2  trillion. So we went from $2.4 trillion to $4.2 trillion in that 16- year period of time, one Republican President, one Democratic  President.   But this is what we face. You can't tax enough, you can't grow  enough, and you can't cut enough. There is no way we can deal with this  without failing to meet the obligations that this country has made to  its senior citizens and to its people in need for the last 50 years.   What are you going to tell people when you have to tell them that the  Social Security trust fund went to zero this year? The Medicare and  Social Security trust funds go to zero in 14 years, and there is no  answer for that. Today, we subsidize over a half trillion dollars into  just Social Security and Medicare out of the taxes we raise. We never  intended to do that. It was never supposed to happen. But past  generations liberalized those programs to such a degree that the income  coming in doesn't cover the outgo of those programs.   My mother is a great example. She lived until she was 93. She passed  away last year. She worked for 30 years; she was retired for 30 years.  There is no way the math works when that happens.  [[Page S2313]]    In the 1930s, when they put Social Security in, it was intended to be  a last-resort insurance supplement, not a primary go-to retirement  plan. The life expectancy at that time was about 59; this program  started at 62. So the math was on their side. Today, life expectancy is  in the 80s, and we have a retirement age of 67. So we know the math  doesn't work. This cannot happen.   But the good news is there are five areas of work I believe that  Congress and the administration need to begin to focus on--and now.   First, I believe our budget process is broken. I have been on the  Budget Committee now for 3 years, and I know it doesn't work. It hasn't  worked but four times in 44 years to fund the Federal Government. We  are supposed to appropriate 12 bills a year; we have averaged 2.5 over  the last 44 years.   Let me say that again. In any business, in any enterprise--a medical  office, or it doesn't matter--if you were charged to do 12 items and  you did 2.5, you would fix something. You would have to fix it, or you  would be out of business.   We have used continuing resolutions over 180 times. Actually,  Congress has shut the Federal Government down, has not funded the  government, 20 times in that 44-year history--20 times. I had no idea  that was the case, and I bet most Americans don't either. That is  unconscionable.   We don't even deal with every dollar we spend in the budget. We deal  only with 25 percent of what we spend. That is the discretionary. That  is what we did on the budget here. This is never covered in the budget  by law. We don't talk about it. We can no longer do this.   The first thing you have to do is fix the budget process. Second of  all, I believe you have to get after redundant agencies and extraneous  expenses of the Federal Government. The GAO, the General Accountability  Office, thinks we have somewhere around $700 billion or $800 billion of  wasted spending every year in a $4 trillion budget. That is about 20  percent. I believe that.   The third thing you have to do is grow the economy. Last year,  President Trump said job one is growing the economy. We focused on  regulations, energy, and taxes. The economy started growing. In the  last 12 months, we have had 3 percent GDP growth. That is 120 basis  points above the 1.8 percent we enjoyed for 8 years--the lowest  economic performance in our U.S. history.   We believe, with future work on these things, that the economy will  continue to grow. We need to work on immigration, trade, and  infrastructure to continue this work.   The good news is that the biggest item--the fourth item we need to  work on is that we can solve these items; that is, we have to save  Social Security and Medicare. When I say ``save,'' I mean we have to  plan for the time and fix it now before the trust fund goes to zero.  When the trust fund goes to zero, there is no way benefits can be paid  in full. If we don't do that today, there will be a crisis of a  magnitude that I don't want to even imagine if we let this get to that  point. That is the fourth one.   The fifth area of work is, we have to get at the spiraling driver of  our healthcare costs, not the insurance that we have been fussing about  for the last 8 years. We now really need to make a serious, concerted  attempt in America to get after the drivers of healthcare costs.   Those are the five areas. I am convinced that when faced with a  crisis, Americans are always the best in history at dealing with a  crisis. We are not always the first to recognize we are in one.   My role tonight, as it has been for the last 3 years, is to call this  crisis out. The CBO has all the numbers. Whether you believe them or  not, they are correct. I would argue with their revenue numbers a  little bit. Some might argue with their expense numbers. Bottom line,  no matter what, you know that with a $21 trillion debt, the interest  expense is going to grow to almost $1 trillion over the next 10 years.   If we don't do something within this planning period of 10 years, the  CBO says that our interest expense alone will go to $1 trillion. There  is no way this can happen.   We have to change the broken system. I think there has been no other  time--I think the realization is getting there. The CBO has given us  the numbers. The GAO has given us the opportunities and measured some  of those opportunities.   I think the political will in this country is now such that they  realize we have a debt crisis, and they have more courage, I think, to  face it than elected officials do. What drives this town is the next  cycle. In the House, it is 2 years; in the Senate, it is 6 years: Oh,  my goodness, we can't do anything to hurt that next cycle. We have to  have more on our side than they have on their side.   It is time to put that behind us. This cannot be solved with a  partisan solution. My good friend from Rhode Island, Senator  Whitehouse, and I have cosponsored a bill that goes after and deals  with parts of the solution for the budget problem. There is a select  committee right now that was formed by the leadership--Democratic and  Republican, House and Senate. There are 16 members. I am privileged to  be on it. I believe there are things we can do in that select committee  to fix our budget process that would help us deal with the additional  things we are adding to this debt crisis.   Make no mistake, that will not solve this debt crisis. You will not  solve the debt crisis by fixing the budget process alone, but you will  not solve the debt crisis unless and until you do fix the budget  process. The same thing applies to growing the economy. The same thing  is involved with the other items we can look at in terms of redundant  agencies and the healthcare costs in this country.   America has come too far to fail now. We owe it to our kids, our  grandkids, and the kids and grandkids of our kids and grandkids to deal  with this right now.   I met with Chairman Greenspan last year. I had the privilege to sit  with him and talk about this very issue. He reminded me that in 1983,  they had a solution. If we had done it in 1983, it wouldn't have been  nearly as onerous as it is going to be when we try to fix this.   Again, in the late nineties, Newt Gingrich and Bill Clinton  together--two different parties--had an agreement. They got very close  to signing it, but then it fell apart because of the political nonsense  in this town.   I believe the time has come right now for both sides to put our  differences aside, live with an 80-percent solution and deal with this  problem right now. If we don't, we will not be able to hand this to our  kids. That is the last thing I want to close with. People say: Well, we  are leaving our kids and grandkids a problem.   Yes, we are. Look, in this planning period, the next 10 years, when  interest rates are higher than what we are spending on national  defense, that crisis is right here. It is now. We are going to see it  in the next decade, in my opinion. It will make 2008 and 2009 pale in  comparison.   I have never seen a time when a crisis would pull us together any  more ardently than this one would be right now. The question is, will  we recognize that we are in a moment of crisis?   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   