 Mr. Speaker, I cannot say how proud I am to be a Floridian  taking the floor this evening to talk about the great value that the  Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is bringing to the folks in the Sunshine State.   I am particularly proud that Florida was prepared for this uplift in  the economy as a consequence of the work of Congress. Since Governor  Scott took control of the Governor's mansion, our State has reduced  over 50,000 regulations. We have cut taxes over 50 times.   Folks like my colleague, Mr. Rutherford from Florida, served in our  law enforcement community and led to safer streets and safer  communities so that we could grow and prosper in a way that was  conducive to a family-friendly life.   For so long, while we had been cutting taxes and fighting for a more  competitive economic ecosystem, the Federal Government had thrown a wet  blanket over the economy. With a corporate tax rate that was one of the  highest in the world, Florida companies weren't able to leverage the  great talents that were coming out of our State to go and compete  because the rules were stacked against us as a consequence of bad  policies in Washington.   I am so proud that during the 115th Congress we were able to pass the  Tax Cuts and Jobs Act so that States like Florida could realize the  great benefit of conservative leadership.   In my district in north Florida, where we have got a number of  hardworking folks particularly in the manufacturing center, there is a  new sense of economic optimism and prosperity that is sweeping across  our State and my region.    The National Association of Manufacturers' 2018 first quarter Outlook  says that 93.5 percent of manufacturers now have a positive outlook  regarding the growth of their businesses. This is entirely consistent  with the feedback I have gotten from manufacturers such as Ascend  Materials and American Elite Molding, where we are competing with the  best around the world, and we are winning and growing.   Manufacturers in my district have said that one consequence of the  Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is that they are able to reinvest in their  facilities: buy new, cutting-edge equipment and grow and expand their  physical plant. This creates jobs and better competition--absolutely  outstanding.   Energy cost is something that impacts our small businesses and  families alike. As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Gulf Power,  the independently owned utility in my district, is cutting rates so  that ratepayers will  [[Page H3961]]  see savings of over $100 million. That is $100 million plowed right  back into the economy in my district, right back at the kitchen table  at the end of the month. Certainly, it is of great value that we have  been able to see that result for our families and for our businesses.   Publix is another great business in our State. They are increasing  pay for employees, allowing employees to be able to buy into employee  stock option programs at greater frequency.   Mr. Speaker, whether it is the largest businesses in our State or the  smallest, whether it is families that have been prosperous or families  that are looking to climb that next peg on the economic ladder, I can  say with great sincerity that the feedback as a consequence of the Tax  Cuts and Jobs Act has been entirely positive. Folks are more  optimistic. Ultimately, that will ensure that the State of Florida is  able to participate in a more competitive and productive economic  environment going forward.   