 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   In 18 years, it has been my extraordinary privilege to represent the  people of District 7. I have had the world's best role model as a  Congressman.   My predecessor, George H.W. Bush, was the first Congressman to  represent District 7. He, just as he was to Roger Williams and as he  was to Kevin  [[Page H9810]]  Brady, has been not only a role model to me, but an adviser who helped  to guide me when I first decided to run for office.   He has always been there for me to offer advice every step of the  way. He is an extraordinary role model. Everyone who knew him  understood immediately that they were in the presence of someone  extraordinary.   As Mark McKinnon remembers: ``George H.W. Bush will be remembered by  history as a deeply accomplished public servant. But the many of us who  were lucky enough to pass through his orbit will remember him for his  uncommon grace and love toward family and friends.''   The editor-in-chief of Texas Monthly once said of George H.W. Bush  that it is clear there is a narrative that runs through the Bush  family: ``be polite, treat people decently.''   This came from his father and from his mother. They passed it on to  their children.   He remembers: ``Every encounter I ever had with George W. Bush,  whether it was Governor Bush or President Bush 43 or ex-President Bush,  he was the same guy. He is very much his father's son, and all of us  who are parents hope that whatever else we don't do right, the thing we  do do right is to convey the fundamental values of who we are and who  we're supposed to be to our kids.''   One of the things that survives about George Bush, the elder, is the  fact that he passed along to his own children that same decency, that  same line of decency that he learned from his parents.   In fact, Jeb Bush once said: How great is this country that it could  elect a man as fine as our dad to be President?   If we remember what George W. said as he accepted the Presidential  nomination in the year 2000, President Bush 43 said, as he accepted the  nomination: ``My father was the last President of a great  generation, generation of Americans who stormed beaches, liberated  concentration camps, and delivered us from evil. Some never came home.  Those who did put their medals in drawers, went to work and built on a  heroic scale highways and universities, suburbs and factories, great  cities and grand alliances, the strong foundations of an American  century.''    George H.W. Bush brought the Cold War to a peaceful conclusion,  successfully managing the fall of the Berlin Wall, the reunification of  Germany, and the end of the Soviet Union without provoking violence  from communist bitter enders.   In the first Gulf War, George H.W. Bush established that on his watch  America would not retreat from the world but would intervene decisively  when the global balance of power was in jeopardy.   His life was spent in the service of his Nation, and his spirit of  conciliation, common sense, and love of country will stand him in  strong stead through the ebbs and flows of posterity's judgment. On  that score, George H.W. Bush was a uniquely good man.   In a political universe where good men are hard to come by, there was  bipartisan consensus a quarter century after he left the White House.  We will miss this great, good man, and America and Texas are far, far  better that he lived and he served his Nation so well.   