 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the Senate is debating the fate of our  Nation's Dreamers this week. Everywhere I go, people recognize the  uncontestable truth that underpins our discussion: We are all a nation  of immigrants. Unless you are Native American, you come from a line of  people who come from somewhere else. More than in any other country on  Earth, this simple fact is a defining characteristic of our national  identity. Throughout our history, immigrant communities have greatly  enriched our Nation; their individual stories have become the American  story. Out of many, we have become one.   My maternal grandparents emigrated from Italy, began a business,  hired a lot of people, and were pillars of the community. My wife's  parents emigrated from French-speaking Canada and also owned a  business. She was born in Vermont. Yesterday, we buried my wife's  uncle, an immigrant from Canada who started off as an $8-a-week clerk  at a shoe store. He was buried with honors at the age of 100 yesterday,  and people talked about the $20 million or $30 million he has given to  philanthropic causes in Vermont--this $8-a-week immigrant clerk at a  shoe store.   I think sometimes we forget who we are. In the late 1800s we passed  laws excluding Chinese immigrants. During World War II, we turned away  Jewish refugees fleeing the Holocaust--turned them away at the shores  of our country--and many went back to die in the gas chambers. We know  today that these were tragic mistakes, fueled by our own ill-informed,  xenophobic rhetoric. Mistakes were made, but they must never be  repeated.   Yet now, in 2018, I am concerned that we are hearing echoes of past  mistakes. Anti-immigrant voices, armed with the same shameful  fearmongering, are attempting a comeback in our country. In recent  months, Dreamers have been regularly disparaged. Some have even  suggested that Dreamers pose a risk of terrorism or have links to  international drug trafficking.   These absurd depictions would be laughable if they weren't so  damaging, especially to those of us who remember one of the biggest  terrorist attacks on our country, in Oklahoma City by Timothy McVeigh,  who was not an immigrant; he grew up there and was born there.  Thankfully, most Americans know better. Dreamers are not threats to our  national security; not a single one--not a single one--has been  suspected of terrorist activities. Nor do Dreamers present a threat to  public safety. Far from it. By definition, Dreamers are law-abiding  strivers who seek only to contribute to our country. Brought here as  children, Dreamers are now our neighbors, our first responders, our  teachers, our medical personnel. Nearly 1,000 have served in our Armed  Forces, risking their lives to defend the only country they have ever  known as home.   I will never forget one Dreamer who wrote to me last year. Dr. Juan  Conde is a DACA recipient. He is a resident of Vermont. He was born in  Mexico and brought to the United States as a young child by his mother.  In 2007, tragically, his mother died of cancer. Showing remarkable  courage and determination for a young man, Dr. Conde was motivated by  this personal tragedy to help cancer patients like his mother. He  ultimately obtained a Ph.D. in cancer research from the University of  Texas.   But as accomplished as he already was, Dr. Conde was not satisfied  with just studying cancer. He wanted to treat the people suffering with  and battling the disease. Every one of us in this Chamber knows  somebody who has suffered from and battled cancer, and many have died.   But only after he enrolled in DACA was Dr. Conde able to attend  medical school, and he is currently doing that. He is studying oncology  at the University of Vermont's Larner College of Medicine. Dr. Conde  hopes to spend his life in the United States treating cancer patients  and researching to find a cure for the disease. This Vermonter--and I  think all Americans would agree--believes that America is a better  place with Dr. Conde in it.   There are hundreds of thousands of Dreamers just like Dr. Conde, all  with the potential to contribute to our communities and to our country.  To deny them these opportunities because they were brought here as  children would be as senseless as it is cruel.   We are better than that. And this week, we have an opportunity to  prove it. I am proud of those in the Senate, both Democrats and  Republicans, who are engaged in good-faith negotiations over proposals  to protect our Dreamers and improve our border security. I sincerely  believe that we can find a path to 60 votes, and I hope the Republican  leadership will let us.   The Majority Leader's decision yesterday to seek to open up the  debate with a vote on a poison pill amendment about so-called sanctuary  cities--which has nothing to do with either Dreamers or border  security--was less than a helpful start. These kinds of attempts to  score political points stand in stark contrast to the bipartisan search  done by leading Republicans and Democrats behind the scenes for a  solution. As the most senior Member of this body, it is my hope that  all Senators will focus on a bipartisan solution, not on just divisive  distractions.   I respect this institution as much as anybody. For 43 years, I have  been here and I have seen--and I hope contributed to--the good that can  be accomplished. I have often said that at its best the Senate can and  should serve as the conscience of the Nation. But it can only do so  when we put aside our own self-interest, and we work across the aisle  in the spirit of compromise. I know we are capable of meeting this  challenge today. We have done it before.   Five years ago, when I was chairman of the Senate Judiciary  Committee, we brought together 68 Senators, Democrats and Republicans,  and we voted for an immigration bill that provided protection for  Dreamers, including an expedited pathway to citizenship. Unfortunately,  the House, even though they had the votes to pass it, would not bring  it up. Well, it is time now for the Senate to do so again and, this  time, for the House to follow suit.   President Trump claims he will treat Dreamers with great ``heart.''  If he meant what he said, he will certainly sign our bipartisan  compromise that emerges. So let's get to work. The future of Dreamers-- and the fate of the  [[Page S939]]  American dream itself--lies in our hands.   As I left that funeral yesterday in Vermont, I thought of my wife's  uncle and her parents coming from Canada to make a better life, my  grandparents coming from Italy, and my great grandparents coming from  Ireland, all to make such a mark on our little State of Vermont, all  for the better. As a member of that family, how proud I am to stand  here on the floor of the U.S. Senate, but I want to do more than just  stand here. I want to vote for a bill to help more people like those  who come to our country and to make our country better.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   