 Mr. Speaker, I have a few wolves in my district, not  enough. I don't know that I will take Mr. Peterson's wolves, but we are  breeding our own.   OR-7 made an incredible journey from way up in northeastern Oregon  all the way down to the California border. He went down to California  looking for a mate. He finally found one, and those were his first  progeny.   Guess what? We are not having catastrophic predation on cattle in  southern Oregon. We could accommodate more wolves.   Now, there are reasons why cattle die. My colleague from Oregon might  show up, and he has a picture--it is kind of ugly--of a calf that was  killed by wolves. It was sad that that calf didn't get to grow up and  go to the slaughterhouse.    Here are the real facts. Seventy-four percent of loss is due to  health issues; that is, good husbandry. Eight percent almost, 7.8, is  due to weather; 2.7 is due to coyotes, cougars, bear, and dogs-- predators. Oh, here we are. Look, that is the problem. Wait a minute.  We have new numbers, 0.2 percent--0.2 percent--is due to wolf  predation.   Now, I doubt that my colleagues on the other side have gone to  Yellowstone to see the phenomenal recovery of the ecosystems in  Yellowstone. We will hear that, oh, it is bad for hunters, elk. Well,  actually, the elk population is doing very well, but they don't browse  all the way down into the streams anymore. So now fish have come back,  and other species have come back, because the elk are worried about the  wolves, so they stick to the forested areas where they should be. So  having apex predators is incredibly important to a balanced  environment.   To say that we have to go out and slaughter those--Fish and Wildlife  or Animal Damage Control, whatever the heck we call those jerks these  days. The Federal Government has been subsidizing for years the  indiscriminate slaughter of predator species, ostensibly to help out  the ranchers.   Now, when I was a county commissioner, we were kind of broke, and we  went through a list of everything we were doing. I said, what are we  doing, giving this money there? They said that is our match to the  Federal Government to come and kill coyotes. I said, why? What is that  about? They said, oh, sheep predation, horrible, horrible.   We were broke. We cut out that. We said, no, we don't want these  people here anymore. We are not going to subsidize it.   Guess what happened? Nothing. We did not have horrible sheep  predation in my county.   So a lot of this is based on some kind of gut-level, historic fear or  hatred of predators that has been passed down from generation to  generation.   We can have a healthy wolf population, and you can still do good  husbandry with cattle.   So they want to delist the wolf in all the lower 48. We have maybe 8,  12, 10--  [[Page H9546]]  we don't even know--in my district, which is historic habitat. In other  parts of the State that have been previously occupied, there are no  wolves. A couple of our wolves have wandered down to California, the  first ones there since we were on this campaign to eliminate them all.   The other thing is science. When you kill the apex predators, then  the coyotes depredate on the cattle. Then you have overpopulation of  elk, and they browse riparian. A balanced environment is good for  everybody.    Mr. Speaker, these people want to unbalance it and  delist the entire lower 48. They want to defy good science. And, oh, by  the way, what they are doing is so indefensible, but, well, we can't go  to court because, actually, we are not following the law.   So this bill does a number of things that are really short-term bad.   By the way, it is going nowhere in the Senate. We are hearing  messaging today that we could be doing a farm bill, and we could be  doing affordable college education. There are a lot of things we could  do--a budget for the United States Government. But, no, we are here on  a talking point for a few idiots.   