 Mr. President, I thank Senator Tillis and the Presiding  Officer for acknowledging our time to have this conversation. This is a  serious conversation because this is a NATO ally.   Dr. Andrew Brunson has been in Turkey 24 years. For 23 of these  years, he served as a pastor in humanitarian work. He took care of  providing food and clothing and pastoral ministry for anyone who would  come, just like anyone does.   That has not been an issue in Turkey for decades because Turkey has  been very open to all faiths, all religions, and they have prided  themselves on  [[Page S2606]]  being a nation that recognizes all faiths, all backgrounds, and all  religions and ethnicity. At least that was the old Turkey. Literally,  under Dr. Brunson's feet, Turkey shifted from where they were to where  we don't recognize them anymore as a NATO ally.   In October of 2016, Dr. Brunson was called by the police department  there. Assuming it was an immigration issue, he and his wife went  because they had gone multiple times to the police department to renew  their visa and keep everything up to date. They had a great  relationship with the local police department, with local individuals,  and with all the authorities in the area because they had been there  for two decades and had developed great friendships.   So they went to check in, but this time, instead just checking in  again for an immigration issue, they took them into custody, without  any charges, and held them for a year--with no charges--then,  eventually, presented these trumped-up charges which they have laid out  that are absolutely absurd.    How a Christian minister is somehow cooperating with a Muslim in a  coup in Turkey is absurd on its face. All of the crazy accusations from  secret witnesses who would appear by video with their faces blurred  out, making accusations that they had seen or they had heard--allowing  no one to actually ask them questions is absurd. Just as absurd is not  allowing Dr. Brunson to bring any witnesses in his defense.   There have now been two hearings that have been just this style: Dr.  Brunson not allowed to bring anyone to speak on his behalf; all of  these trumped-up witnesses who come with blurred-out faces--this secret  testimony that they can present--to come back and present something  they would consider evidence that we would never allow in any court,  and, quite frankly, no one would take seriously these accusations.   In 2016, after Dr. Brunson had been in jail for a few weeks, I went  to Turkey and visited with the Minister of Justice there. The Minister  of Justice at that time said: We have some information. We are going to  work this out. We are going to allow the process to go through the  court system, but we will rapidly go through this process. Now, a year  and a half later, we are finding out there never was any evidence,  there never was any issue--and we are still dealing with an American  being held hostage by a NATO ally.   I thought I would never say this sentence, but I would like to see  Turkey follow the example of North Korea and release the American  hostages they are holding. Now, when Turkey--a NATO ally--is behind  North Korea in how they are handling humanitarian issues, Turkey has  moved to a very bad spot. It is not a place they need to stay.   Turkey has been a friend and an ally--we work together against  terrorism; we work together on economics--but I join Senator Tillis in  the statement he just made: I discourage anyone I speak to, to do any  business in Turkey or to travel to Turkey at this point. If you are  doing business in Turkey, you cannot guarantee the safety of your  employees any longer; if you are traveling to Turkey, you cannot be  guaranteed safety anymore. Because of the emergency powers that are  currently being used in their legal system, they can sweep up anyone  for any accusation and hold them for any length of time. That is not  just theory; that is being proven by a pastor being held for a year and  a half in Turkey with false charges. I highly recommend no one does  business in Turkey at this moment, just for the safety of your  employees and the people you would work with.   Now, Turkey has not just done this. They have also turned toward  Russia, pursuing Russia for their air defense systems. As a NATO ally,  that is unheard of, to say they are going to have NATO equipment, but  then they are also going to go to Russia. That shows the turning of  President Erdogan and the leadership of the country.   Congress is not going to just sit back on this and should not.  Senator Shaheen and I have already put language out for the foreign ops  bill in Appropriations which would specifically identify those  individuals--the judges in the court, the officials who are holding  Pastor Brunson, the officials in the city jail and in their national  government who are specifically holding those individuals--to apply  sanctions directly to the individuals who are holding an American  pastor hostage.   Senator Shaheen, Senator Tillis, and I have already put forward a  piece of legislation blocking Turkey from maintaining or purchasing the  F-35. They are a NATO ally, and they should have access to that, but  they are not acting like a NATO ally. We don't know where they are  going, and it would be a mistake for the United States to give our best  technology--somewhere that we don't know where it is going to go and  how it is going to be used in the future.   Just this week, the House released their National Defense  Authorization Act. In the base text of the NDAA coming from the House  is a provision which would block all defense sales to Turkey until we  get more information about what is happening in the future and what  direction Turkey is going. That is a reasonable precaution to take in a  nation that is rapidly shifting away from democracy, a free court, free  speech, and freedom of religion. They are losing humanitarian values.  We should address that and respond to that, and we are.   It is not just what we might do; it is what we are doing currently to  try to respond to this issue. The State Department continues to apply  diplomatic pressure, but we have moved past the time when diplomatic  pressure needs to be applied. It is time to apply economic pressure and  pressure on how our partnership will work long term.   We want our ally back--the Turkey we used to know, that we cooperated  with, and maintained a long-term friendship with. We would love to  maintain that long-term friendship with an ally that has strongly stood  with us, and we have stood with them, but we do not recognize what  Turkey is anymore.   A good first step with them would be to follow the lead of North  Korea and release our hostages out of their jails.   Mr. President, I yield back.   