 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from the  Bronx, New York (Mr. Engel). He has been a true friend for many, many,  many years. I thank him for yielding me this time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in full support today of S. 447, the Justice for  Uncompensated Survivors Today Act. This important measure has already  unanimously passed the Senate. Senator Tammy Baldwin had worked hard on  this issue, on a bipartisan basis, and I am proud to have introduced  the House version, as has been mentioned, along with my colleague from  New Jersey (Mr. Smith). I appreciate the efforts of the chairman and  the ranking member here in bringing the bill to the floor.   I was first approached about the lack of justice still facing  Holocaust survivors by a gentleman from Queens, New York, Jehuda Evron.  I am sorry that he cannot be here today to watch this debate, as he has  spent a lifetime helping those who endured and escaped horrific  atrocities during the Holocaust.   Jehuda has been an incredible campaigner for Holocaust survivors,  along with his wife, Leah, who lived in the ghetto under a false  identity and joined others in hiding with resistance fighters.   It was Jehuda and the World Jewish Restitution Organization who  shared with me an ongoing indignity Holocaust survivors still face to  this very day: the inability to reclaim property unlawfully seized  during the Holocaust. This is property that, if restored, could have a  significant impact for the far too many Holocaust survivors living in  poverty today.   It may shock some to hear that, here in the United States, one-third  of the Holocaust survivors live at or under the poverty line. That is  despicable. Some survivors are so poor, they sometimes have to choose  between food and medicine.   Their stories put in stark relief the lifelong impact the Holocaust  had on an entire generation of families and survivors. That is why it  is so important that in 2009, the United States, Israel, and 45 other  countries signed the Terezin Declaration on Holocaust Era Assets and  Related Issues.   In that important measure, countries pledged to take steps to return  assets looted by the Nazi government and others. Nine years later,  there is still work to be done.   The JUST Act urges countries to keep their commitments to restitute  wrongly taken Holocaust Era Assets, and it will continue to shine a  light on the ongoing struggle of survivors to reclaim the property that  is rightfully theirs.   If you walk out the front door of this building and head down the  street, you will find yourself at the United States Holocaust Memorial  Museum. It is a powerful institution and one that reminds us of not  only the heroic role played by the United States in World War II, but  the tremendous suffering faced by the Jewish people and all victims of  the Holocaust.   For me, it is also a reminder that if we can take steps to right more  of the wrongs committed during the Holocaust, we should take the  opportunity to do so. I believe that this bill is an opportunity to do  that.   Mr. Speaker, I have the utmost respect for the gentlewoman from  Florida (Ms. Ros-Lehtinen). She knows my affection for her. We have  been friends for over 20 years. I respect her opposition to this  because I know that she does want justice for the victims. That is her  goal.   But I just want to say, for the record, that this bill is supported  by the World Jewish Restitution Organization, the American Jewish  Committee, the Anti-Defamation League, Jewish Federations of North  America, B'nai B'rith International, HIAS Refugee Assistance  Organization, the National Coalition Supporting Eurasian Jewry,  Religious Action Center of Reform Judaism, and the Orthodox Union.   I think, Mr. Speaker, it is important to recognize those  organizations that are in full support of this legislation, with all  due respect to a woman I have tremendous respect for.   