 Madam President, as we consider this legislation to  protect 20-week-old babies who feel pain, I want to ask my friends in  this body to put aside whip counts and score cards, politics and  reelection, and let's talk today simply about beauty and about science.   We love beauty. Beauty calls us. Beauty inspires us. Beauty  captivates us. It is part of what makes us human. It is not surprising  that there is almost nothing more universal on this Earth, almost  nothing more beautiful, than our natural impulse to care for a little  baby.   We all start in the same place--vulnerable and dependent in every  way. We all ``ooh'' and ``aah'' over sonogram pictures of our children,  our grandchildren, our nieces, our nephews, even sonogram pictures from  a stranger on a bus or a plane. We all ``ooh'' and ``aah'' in the same  way. When we look at those pictures, we love. We love. You don't have  to be taught this. You don't have to be conditioned to love. You don't  have to be conditioned to know that we should help the vulnerable. This  isn't because of economics. This isn't because of politics. We love  because they are babies. You don't need anyone to explain this to you.  Every one of us has experienced this when we have seen the sonogram  pictures. We should note that this love is not just a feeling; it is  also built on and backed up by facts.   As we consider whether these unborn babies--having been carried by  their mamas for almost 5 months--deserve legal protection, whether they  deserve our protection, we should think, too, about the science and  what is becoming clearer year by year and month by month.   I want to associate myself with the comments of the Senator from  Montana who preceded me. A huge part of why the millennials are  becoming more pro-life than the two generations older than they are is  because they are seeing these sonogram images, and it is changing them  year by year and month by month.   I have been on the floor for about 45 minutes today, and I have heard  many claims about polling and facts that just aren't true. I am not  here to argue this case and argue how we should vote on this  legislation because of polls; I am here because we should all love  babies. That is why we should be doing this. But just at the level of  polling, there have been claims on the floor today that are absolutely  not true.   Younger people are becoming more pro-life, as the Senator from  Montana said, year over year right now, and it is because of the  prevalence and the pervasiveness of sonogram technology. This movement,  the pro-life movement, is ascendant, and it is because people are  grappling with science, grappling with images, and grappling with the  reality of that intrinsic feeling we have to love.   We can and we should appeal to ethics. We can and we should discuss  human dignity. We should reaffirm intrinsic value. For now, for this  conversation today, we can limit ourselves to just scientific facts. As  we consider those facts, I want to respectfully ask my colleagues in  this Chamber today, where will we draw the line? No one seriously  disputes that the little girl in that image is alive. No one seriously  disputes that that little girl is a human being--no one. There is no  one in this Chamber and there is no one outside this Chamber who has  ever looked at that sonogram image who will come to the floor and say:  Do you know the debate I want to have? I want to say that baby is not  alive and she is not a human.   Somebody who is going to vote no on the legislation today should come  to the floor and make that case, say that is not a life and that is not  a human, because it is not true, and no one believes it.   The science is clear. We all know and understand that little baby in  that sonogram image is a unique and separate being. We know she has  unique DNA from her mother, and she has DNA that is unique from her  father. The baby apps are now telling new moms and dads-to-be when that  baby is the size of a sesame seed, then a blueberry, and then an apple.  With the help of the sonograms, we are now catching pictures of her  sucking her thumb, flexing her arms and legs, yawning, stretching,  making faces. Here is what is really new the last couple of years: We  are catching pictures and images of her responding to voices--familiar  voices of other human beings that she is already in community with,  people who are called to love her.   As early as 20 weeks postfertilization, which is about halfway  through the pregnancy, scientists and our doctors now tell us that this  unborn baby can feel pain. In fact, it has become routine procedure of  late for us to give unborn and premature infants anesthesia for their  fetal surgeries. Why? This is new. We didn't used to do this. Why do we  do it? It is because we have new scientific evidence that they feel  pain. It turns out that babies who are 20 weeks along in gestation are  pain-capable inside mom's uterus.   As Dr. Kanwaljeet Anand testified before the Congress, ``The human  fetus possesses the ability to experience pain from 20 weeks gestation,  if not earlier, and the pain perceived by the fetus is possibly more  intense than that perceived by term newborns.''   Not only can she feel pain, not only do the images show us that she  recoils from being poked or prodded, advances in modern medicine are  now helping babies who are born at 22 weeks, at 21 weeks, and at 20  weeks postfertilization survive outside the womb. The pain that those  babies feel outside the womb is supporting the evidence that those  babies also feel pain inside the womb, which leads me to ask my  friends: Have our hearts grown cold to truth? Have we become  indifferent to questioning our previously held convictions? Are we  indifferent to what the science is clearly showing us?   This body, captive to abortion zealot-activists, might be ignoring  the sonograms. That might be what is happening in this body today, but  the American people are actually listening to the science and the  sonograms. Contrary to those bizarre claims that were made on the floor  a couple of times over the last hour, a hefty majority--it is not  close--of Americans support this legislation, including a supermajority  of women, including most young people, including most Independents, and  now ticking up just shy of half of all Democrats. This should not be a  partisan issue, and in the future, it will not be because more and more  people are looking at these images. It is not going to be a partisan  issue; it is going to be a bipartisan issue. But you have to tell the  truth--that those pictures are pictures of babies, and they are alive,  and they deserve our protection. But have our hearts in this body grown  cold to the truth?   We should also not forget the mothers because the pro-life message is  about being both pro-baby and pro-mother. Late-term abortions are  actually not safe, even for the mother. Women seeking abortion after 20  weeks are 35 times more likely to die from an abortion than when done  in the first trimester--35 times more likely.   The United States is one of only seven countries on Earth that allow  elective abortion after 20 weeks, and we are actually tied with only  three other countries as having the most permissive abortion regime on  Earth. Do you know who our peers are? North Korea and China. That is  who our peers are. If our rhetoric about human rights should mean  anything, it should mean we don't want to be on a ``human rights  worst'' list with North Korea and China. That is where we are today.   There are many reasonable people who are going to argue against this  legislation. They are reasonable in other ways in life, and they want  to make an argument about the very complicated issues about abortion in  the  [[Page S540]]  first trimester. There are many reasonable people who can have a  reasonable debate about that. But when you listen to the arguments  being made today, they are not actually grappling with today's  legislation; they are talking about abortion in general. But nobody is  telling us why we are tied with only China and North Korea as having  the most permissive abortion regime on Earth.   My friends, beauty and compassion can stir our hearts, and science  and facts should still confirm the truth. This legislation--the actual  legislation we are voting on today--is pro-baby, it is pro-mom, and it  is pro-science. These little babies, who are capable of feeling pain,  deserve legal protection. They deserve our protection. I invite--I beg  my colleagues to join in that conviction and to vote yes on this  legislation today.   