 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment.    Mr. Chair, the Endangered Species Act, or  ESA, as we call it, imposes numerous burdensome and duplicative  regulations on America's hardworking farmers and ranchers. This  adversely impacts their ability to provide food not only to America,  but, of course, to people all around the world.   We all know that activist groups are employing sue-and-settle tactics  to further their ideological agenda to increase the number of species  listed under the ESA. As the ESA list grows, however, farmers and  ranchers are forced to shift their primary focus from food production-- which we all need them to focus on--to navigate and comply with  bureaucratic hurdles threatening their very livelihoods.   My amendment would require the Secretary to consider the totality of  conservation measures already in place when determining whether a  potential Federal action will jeopardize species or habitat loss. Our  Nation's farmers and ranchers already opt to participate in  conservation programs. They do so voluntarily. They implement  protections and mitigation factors on their land, and they do  everything they can to protect habitat and wildlife.   Our agricultural community proactively promotes conservation  measures, and they seek guidance from the USDA on best practices. But  the ESA has expanded far beyond the original intent of the law, and it  has become a serious problem.   The time has come for us in this Congress to modernize the ESA, which  will ease the difficulties farmers and ranchers face when bearing the  brunt of undue burdens placed on agriculture. To that end, my amendment  to H.R. 2 takes a holistic approach to protecting species and  preserving habitats, ultimately helping America's farmers and ranchers  go back to doing what they do best, and that is providing a safe,  sustainable food source for our Nation.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. It is a matter of  fairness and common sense.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Gosar).    Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Crawford).    Mr. Chair, in closing, I have mentioned  that this is a matter of fairness and common sense. We need to do right  by our farmers and ranchers, and I urge my colleagues to support the  amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman  from Indiana's leadership on this amendment, and that of Mr. Gosar and  others.   Since its inception, the 2015 Waters of the U.S. rule has been an  unworkable and unreasonable interpretation of the intent of the Clean  Water Act. It was an overreach of an administration wishing to flex its  muscles by imposing additional regulations where it had no  jurisdiction.   We are regulating things like backyard ditches and mud puddles, which  we have a lot of in Louisiana. The absurdity of this rule has been  evidenced by the back-and-forth legal battles that have ensued in the  courts, most recently this past January in National Association of  Manufacturers v. Department of Defense. The Supreme Court's opinion in  that case has thrown some industries into chaos, as uncertainty once  again looms.   Congress has the capability to provide a permanent statutory answer  on  [[Page H4227]]  the merits of the rule, once and for all, by nullifying the rule in its  entirety. The Waters of the U.S. rule is bad for America's farmers, bad  for American energy, and bad for America's builders. My friend calls it  the poster child of government overreach, and I could not agree more.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of this amendment.   