 Mr. Speaker, the VA MISSION Act is a good bill. I support  it.   For too long, our veterans could really question whether this  government means it when we say that we value their service. We cannot  erase those doubts in one day or in one bill, but we can take a  positive step forward, and we are doing that today. Both parties are  doing that together.   Together, we are finally giving all caregivers the tools they need  for the heroic work that they do. We are strengthening VA at its core  by attracting the best and the brightest to work there, and we are  giving veterans a real choice to seek the best treatment anywhere,  whether in or outside of the VA.   This is a good bill, but it is not perfect. We owe it to our veterans  and to the taxpayers to explain how we will pay for this.   There is a strict cap on VA's budget, and the MISSION Act will bust  that cap, so all of the good things in the MISSION Act will trigger  harsh, automatic cuts in the rest of VA's budget. This will force the  VA to rob Peter to pay Paul.   This is not hypothetical. One year from now, these cuts will be  triggered, and a veteran today would be right to ask if his favorite  nurse will be laid off or if the old and slow computer systems at the  VA will get even older and even slower. The money has to come from  somewhere in the VA's budget.   But there is another way. The money we are spending today does not  have to count against the budget cap. That budget cap was set before we  ever made these improvements to the VA. It is a separate issue, and the  cap number shouldn't hold us back. My bill, H.R. 5805, would simply  count the new money as separate so that it does not bust the rest of  the VA's budget.   Mr. Speaker, both sides of this House are working together to improve  the VA. That is a great thing. Let's not make it any harder than it  already is. Instead, let's finish the job. We have to spend what it  takes to get the job done. No more, but also no less.   Our veterans are looking to us to make the VA stronger, not weaker.  The workers of the VA are depending upon us to give them what they need  for their mission. Automatic budget cuts will not accomplish that  mission.   I ask my colleagues on both sides to help us, help our veterans, and  help our workers. Vote ``no'' on the motion on ordering the previous  question so that my bill, H.R. 5805, can be made in order.   