 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am pleased to be back on the Senate floor  this afternoon in support of the VA MISSION Act. I was here last  Thursday, and, in part, I paid tribute to Senator McCain. We greatly  miss him here on the Senate floor. I personally--and I know my  colleagues also--wish he were here to help us determine a path forward  and to find the solutions to problems. Senator McCain is an expert in  caring for those who have served us in the military and taking care of  our military retirees and our veterans. So, again, I use this moment on  the Senate floor to pay tribute to my colleague Senator McCain and to  thank him for his service to our Nation and his willingness to work  side by side with me as we develop legislation that deals with the  issue of community care for veterans across the country.   I highlighted last Thursday that challenges at the VA have caused  Congress to respond, and that response involves Choice, legislation  that now exists in which, under certain circumstances, veterans have  the ability to find and be provided care within their communities. They  can see their hometown physician and be admitted to their hometown  hospital under certain circumstances.   The Choice Program has worked well for many veterans, just as the VA  itself internally works well for many veterans. But I know from my own  experience as a Member of the U.S. Senate  [[Page S2818]]  that Kansans have experienced significant challenges with VA programs,  especially with the Choice Program, in which the bureaucracy seems to  inhibit the ability of the VA to provide the care that veterans across  Kansas are seeking.   I indicated last week that currently within our office, we have 80  cases in which we are dealing with veterans who are facing challenges  from something they need from the VA and are not receiving. I looked at  the numbers prior to that since I have been a Member of the U.S.  Senate. There have been 2,650 occasions in which a veteran sought help  from their U.S. Senator for something we would expect them to be  entitled to based upon their service to our Nation. We are grateful to  those veterans, and we want to make sure they are honored and esteemed.  At the same time, we want to make sure the promises that were made to  those who have served our Nation are kept.   The legislation before us that has been approved by the House of  Representatives and is now in front of the Senate has been entitled the  VA MISSION Act. We were actually successful in honoring Senator McCain  by including his name in the title. Again, I appreciate his willingness  to help create the Choice Program and now to reform and extend it.   One of the challenges I have taken upon myself is to make certain we  don't simply--nothing is simple around here--just extend the current  Choice Program. We have worked to reform it and improve it and make it  more likely that the challenges of those 80 veterans who are seeking  help from my staff or those 2,650 who have sought help from my staff  are a lot less.   So I judge the efforts in this legislation with this challenge: What  are we doing to reduce the problems veterans encounter in seeking the  help they are entitled to? In a conversation with my staff, I asked  them to give me the top 10 reasons why this legislation is a good  thing; tell me what are the top 10 reasons a Member of the U.S. Senate  should vote for this legislation.   Incidentally, when we pass it, it will be forwarded to the President.  President Trump has indicated his strong support for this legislation,  so there is every indication the President will, of course, since he  supports the legislation, sign it into law and will do so prior to  Memorial Day, a time in which we again pay respect to those who have  served our Nation.   My top 10 list became 12, and I would guess that if given more time  and greater ability to spend time on the floor, that list of 12 could  be expanded to a much longer list, but let me share with my colleagues  reasons that I think it is important for this legislation to be  approved and to be sent to the President.   Again, I was a skeptic early on. I wanted to make certain that we did  something significant and not just extend the Choice Program into the  future but make significant changes. The challenge has been trying to  make certain the VA does things we want them to do, that they follow  the letter of the law of legislation we pass, and they follow the  intent of Members of Congress. In regard to the Choice Act that passed  now 3 years or so ago, it was hard sometimes to see that the VA was  implementing that legislation the way it was written or the way it was  intended.   No. 1 of the top 12 reasons this legislation should be approved is  that this legislation makes certain the VA executes the law consistent  with the intent of Congress. It mandates coordination with Congress as  it develops rules and regulations under this new legislation.   The goal I expect to be successful in achieving is to prevent the  VA's ability to narrow or limit the program's opportunity to serve  veterans as was intended by this law and, more importantly, as they  deserve.   No. 2, this legislation consolidates community care programs. There  are seven different community care programs within the VA in which a  veteran can access care away from the hospital--the big brick buildings  that most of us have in our States; usually in the most populated areas  of our States--and those seven community care programs are consolidated  into one community care. That will reduce the bureaucracy at the VA but  will also make it more understandable for our veterans and for the  providers, including doctors, hospitals, and others who provide care to  veterans today, in those community care programs--one program, not  seven.   No. 3, we want to improve care coordination. By that we mean the  quality of the relationship that a veteran has with the VA and what  that relationship means in terms of them accessing care today and  tomorrow and care related to their circumstances. This legislation  requires the VA to provide a coordinator of care for veterans utilizing  care in the community to ensure continuity of care and service in a  timely manner. This will make it an easier task for a veteran to  receive what they need, and it ensures it is done in a timely way. It  also prevents lapses in care by increasing the communications between  the veteran and the VA community provider.   No. 4, the legislation reforms eligibility. This is an important one.  They are all important, but this one is especially important to me.   Under the Choice Act under which we operate today, the VA was  instructed to allow a veteran who lives more than 40 miles from a VA  facility or it takes more than 30 days for that veteran to receive his  or her care at the VA--to provide, under Veterans Choice, that care in  a community setting. Eligibility was defined by a narrow circumstance.  However, having said that, it was never clear whether a veteran would  qualify.   That 30-day, 40-mile criteria empowered the VA to make decisions that  often left a veteran who seemingly should be eligible, ineligible for  care in the community. This legislation removes the 30-day, 40-mile  requirement and replaces it with the criteria of what is in the best  interest of the veteran. That is pretty important and pretty basic. One  would expect that always to be the circumstance, but the criteria is  changed now to what is in the best interest of the veteran, and the VA  must meet clearly defined, routinely reviewed criteria as to whether  that veteran is eligible to have community care if he or she desires  it. So we are reducing the discretion. The decision is still made  between the veteran and the VA, but we have narrowed the amount of  discretion the Department of Veterans Affairs has and left the  opportunity for the veteran, when it is in his or her best interest,  access to care in the community.   So it is clearly defined, and the criteria is routinely reviewed to  make sure access is available and that quality standards are met.   No. 5, if it turns out that the veteran disagrees with the decision  made by the Department of Veterans Affairs as to whether he or she is  eligible for care in the community--whether or not it is in his or her  best interest--then there is an appeal to the hospital director in that  person's area. In Kansas, this would be an appeal to the hospital  director at the Colmery-O'Neil Hospital, at the Dwight Eisenhower  Hospital in Leavenworth, or the Dole VA Hospital in Wichita.   Today, when a veteran is denied access to care in a community, their  only recourse is to call their Congressman or to call their U.S.  Senator to complain and have us go to bat. While we are all willing and  we welcome the opportunity to serve those who have served us, the  reality is, no one--and certainly no veteran--should have to call their  U.S. Senator in order to get the VA to provide care that is in their  best interests.   So this now gives a different route and hopefully a much more  convenient route for veterans. We wouldn't have had the 2,650 cases if  we had this provision. The veteran could have the opportunity to have  their decision about their care--what is in their best interests-- determined by the VA at home. So there is recourse for a veteran who is  dissatisfied with the outcome.   No. 6, this provides full access for episodes of care. What our  veterans have faced in using the Choice Act to date is, they will get a  referral to a physician, but then the physician decides the veteran  needs lab work or an x-ray. Unfortunately, that meant the veteran had  to return to the VA to seek additional approval for the lab work and  additional approval for the x-ray.   So we have redefined what it is the referral involves, which is they  are referred for an episode of care. That means the lab work and the  entire episode of care is treated in completion in  [[Page S2819]]  the community. No longer is the veteran required to re-call, re-request  the VA to give them additional reauthorization.   No. 7, the legislation also mandates regular market assessments to  determine what care is available in the community and where the  Department of Veterans Affairs excels. We know the Department of  Veterans Affairs has many medical programs, care, and treatments that  veterans want and need, in which they excel. This gives us a better  understanding--the veteran, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and us  as Members of Congress in our oversight responsibilities--to know what  is available within the VA and what is available in the community, and  that lends itself to the determination of what is in the best interests  of the veteran.   No. 8 of the list of 12 is something that is important to us as  Members of Congress who have veterans who come from rural areas. We  have 127 hospitals in Kansas; 88 of them are designed as critical  access hospitals. It is a designation under Medicare, and it provides a  cost-based reimbursement for that healthcare provider. It means our  smallest hospitals in our smallest communities have a Medicare  reimbursement rate that is designed to keep them in business, to keep  their doors open.   Unfortunately, the Choice Act, in its current form, only requires the  VA to reimburse at Medicare rates. That Medicare rate was never  interpreted by the VA to be the rate that hospital received for  Medicare patients, only a more standard Medicare rate. This legislation  requires that the care be paid for at that critical access hospital  designation rate. The same, I hope, is true for our rural health  clinics, so physicians and hospitals receive the amount of money they  would receive if they were treating a Medicare patient.   Why is this important? It is important because it encourages our  hospitals to accept veterans into the community care program. The  amount of reimbursement they would receive would be the same or similar  to what they receive in caring for a Medicare patient, and our  hospitals, in that circumstance, are hanging on financially by a thread  anyway. It is a challenge to keep hospital doors open in our smallest  communities. This gives them a reimbursement rate that increases the  chance that the revenue is sufficient to cover the cost. It will  encourage more hospitals to accept Choice community care patients, and  it will increase the chance of those patients being alive and well into  the future.   No. 9, this bill allows for access to walk-in care. Something that is  changing in our delivery healthcare system is the ability to go to a  pharmacy and have your blood pressure taken or get an inoculation, a  vaccine. So access to walk-in care is becoming more common across our  State and around the country. This allows our veterans to receive,  under this community care program, care from local walk-in clinics,  convenient care clinics, and federally funded health centers, giving  veterans the same access to nonemergent convenience care that people  other than veterans now receive.   Allowing walk-in care at your local clinic is a much more convenient  and a much more cost-effective way of addressing the issue of access to  care across the State of Kansas and around the country.   No. 10, this legislation provides additional funds to maintain the  Veterans Choice Program during its development and implementation. One  of the challenges we faced is the inability of the Department of  Veterans Affairs to determine actually how much money is required to  keep the Choice Program going. This legislation keeps the program in  place while we transition.   I serve as a member of the Appropriations Committee, and I have  chaired the subcommittee that funds the Department of Veterans Affairs.  We have been worried that every time there is a shortfall in the money  available for Choice, we will see the VA reduce the number of veterans  who qualify for care and therefore starve the program, and the networks  that have been built up with healthcare providers in the community will  disappear. So this is stabilizing. It is a process issue, but it is  important because it allows for care to continue during the interim as  we move to this new legislation.    No. 11, it increases access to telemedicine. The VA is known as a  high-quality provider of telemedicine, but this is an opportunity to  expand that, especially for rural veterans or specialty care, where it  is expensive for that care to be provided--and we don't have providers  in every VA setting--or if where a veteran lives is so remote that  getting to the Department of Veterans Affairs hospital is a challenge.  The State of Kansas has lots of rural communities and long distances-- it can be a 4- or 5-hour drive.   I have been joined on the floor by the Senator from Montana, the  ranking member on the Veterans' Affairs Committee on which I serve. The  Senator from Montana understands very well the challenges rural  veterans face in getting access to care when it is a distance away.   Finally, No. 12, we are going to work hard to foster innovation  within the Department of Veterans Affairs. This legislation creates the  VA Center for Innovation for Care and Payment, allowing the VA to more  efficiently develop and carry out pilot programs to test and check out  innovative solutions and approaches to improving the care for veterans,  improving access to care, improving the cost associated with that care,  and trying to find ways we can better assist our veterans in a more  cost-effective way.   I again reiterate my support for the VA MISSION Act and honor Senator  McCain, for whom this legislation is named. I look forward to its  passage. I am encouraged by the vote that occurred as we moved forward  with this bill. I think there were 94 Senators who voted in favor of  it. It has broad support.   It was my pleasure to work with my colleagues on the Veterans'  Affairs Committee.   I now yield the floor to the Senator from Montana, Mr. Tester.   