 Mr. President, I am proud to speak today on behalf of my  friend and colleague Robert Wilkie, the nominee to be VA Secretary.   I have had the honor of working with Robert for 3 years. Sometimes,  he worked for me, and other times, I worked for him. His combination of  knowledge, humor, humility, and heart has endeared him to my staff and  to  [[Page S5120]]  scores of North Carolina constituents, including many servicemembers  and veterans.   Robert was born in Frankfurt, West Germany, the son of an Army  artillery officer. He literally grew up on Fort Bragg, and he lived  most of his early life in the Fort Bragg-Fayetteville area of North  Carolina.   Robert is now an intelligence officer in the U.S. Air Force Reserve.   Previously, he served in the Atlantic Intelligence Command and Joint  Forces Intelligence Command and the U.S. Navy.   Robert has also pursued a distinguished career in public service on  the civilian side, both in the halls of the Pentagon and of Congress.  Robert has served as a trusted adviser to some of our Nation's most  distinguished public servants, including Robert Gates, Condoleezza  Rice, Donald Rumsfeld, and Jim Mattis.   As a congressional staffer, Robert developed excellent working  relationships with committee staff, on both sides of the aisle. He is  universally recognized as a team player and mentor, traits of any  outstanding leader.   Frankly, given his depth of experience, I was pleasantly surprised  and very proud to have Robert accept a position with a 6-month-old  freshman Senator, but it was clear to me from the start that Robert was  destined to serve our Nation at a higher level.   Last year, Robert received that call from the administration when he  was nominated to be Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and  Readiness. Robert demonstrated his extraordinary skills in a short  period of time, so it was no surprise to me that the administration  identified him as a perfect fit to be Secretary of the VA.   When he was appointed in the acting role as VA Secretary, he quickly  worked to improve morale at the VA, earning strong reviews and trust  from VSOs, members of Congress, and VA staff. He also moved decisively  to execute the electronic health record project, which we all know is a  critical part of the VA transformation initiative.   Robert has all of the education and professional experience required  of a Secretary of the VA, but perhaps what makes Robert best suited to  the job is his lifelong experience as an Army brat and the personal  experience as the son of a gravely wounded soldier.   He has literally lived the experience, and I know that Robert will  bring his professional experience and a personal insight and intensity  to the role that will serve our veterans well.   Robert has been confirmed unanimously by the Senate on two separate  occasions, most recently in November 2017, by my colleagues in this  current 115th Congress. Since the VA was elevated to a Cabinet-level  department in 1988, there have been nine Secretaries of Veterans  Affairs; Robert Wilkie will soon be the 10th.   No nominee to be VA Secretary has ever received a single recorded no  vote on the Senate floor.   I look forward to supporting his confirmation, and I would encourage  all of my colleagues to do the same. Put politics aside and vote in  favor of this honorable and eminently qualified man to serve all of our  Nations' veterans.   Thank you.    Mr. President, I thank the chair for the kind words about  the nominee, Robert Wilkie, for the Veterans Health Administration.   I am here to proudly discuss his record. Actually, until about 6  months ago, he was the military affairs adviser in my office and was my  adviser on the VA. He has done an extraordinary job.   He is the child of a gravely wounded veteran from the Vietnam war. He  grew up on Fort Bragg. He is from Fayetteville, NC. He has done an  extraordinary job in serving our office, in mentoring my staff, and in  working for Senate leaders and leaders in the White House--Secretary  Gates, Secretary Rumsfeld, Condoleezza Rice, and now General Mattis.   Robert Wilkie is going to do an extraordinary job because he  understands what it is like to be the son of a veteran and to be a  member of the armed services himself. He serves in the Air Force to  this day. He previously served in the Navy. He has attended the U.S.  Army War College. He has a law degree and a keen understanding of how  this governing body works. He also has great relationships with people  across the political spectrum. He has worked very closely in committee  work with the committee staff. He just has an extraordinary reputation.  He has an extraordinary sense of history. He has a great dedication to  our veterans, and he understands the intrinsic link between Active Duty  and reservists and, ultimately, with veterans.   I believe that he is going to go in and move forward with the  transformation and do great things for our veterans who need the help  today. He will do an even more outstanding job of understanding how we  can better prepare the men and women who are serving today to go into  veteran status--to help them find jobs, to provide them with  healthcare, to make sure they get the most out of their veterans'  benefits. I know that Robert Wilkie will do an extraordinary job.   I appreciate Chairman Isakson's leadership on the committee. I think,  with a strong Secretary like Robert Wilkie in Veterans Affairs, we will  finally start making progress in repaying the debt that we can never  fully repay to the men and women in uniform. I strongly support this  vote, and I look forward to having a very strong confirmation vote this  afternoon.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   