 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona (Mr.  Schweikert) for giving me this opportunity to speak on behalf of H.R.  519, the Water and Agriculture Tax Reform Act of 2018.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. Thompson for his work on this and  making sure that this is, in fact, a bipartisan effort and a much  better bill than it started out as.   I also want to thank Chairman Brady in the Ways and Means Committee  for working with me to bring this bill to the floor. I introduced this  bill last year, and Chairman Brady has been a good partner in assisting  with its passage from the committee.   Mr. Speaker, farmers, ranchers, and families, businesses, sportsmen,  everyone in my district relies on water for their livelihood, but in  the arid prairies of the Great Plains, water is running short. Under  the blistering Colorado Sun, poorly watered crops quickly become less  productive and may die altogether.   Farmers around my district tell me they are moving operations  elsewhere because they don't have access to water or they simply can't  afford it. Agricultural communities around the Nation will face  economic crisis if farmers and ranchers cannot afford water.  [[Page H7112]]    H.R. 519 is a key step towards solving this problem. It offers  farmers and ranchers an affordable water supply; and in doing so, it  supports not only our agricultural communities, but everyone in America  who relies on farms and ranches for food.   My bill seeks to help farmers by empowering them to support each  other. Many farmers rely on nonprofit, member-owned cooperatives to  supply their water. These mutual irrigation and ditch companies give  farmers ownership in their water supply. However, current IRS  regulations prohibit these nonprofits from generating more than 15  percent of their revenue from nonmember sources. If they exceed this 15  percent threshold, they lose their tax-exempt status.   H.R. 519 responds by removing caps on how much revenue these water  companies can raise from nonmember sources, allowing them, for example,  to sell water access for recreational use or raise funds through  crossing fees. The only requirement is that this revenue must be  reinvested in maintenance, operations, and infrastructure improvements,  keeping water prices affordable for the members and upholding the  nonprofit ideals of the cooperative. With this financial freedom,  mutual irrigation and ditch companies can continue to play a vital role  in supporting our Nation's farmers.   The bill also reforms the IRS treatment of member voting eligibility  for cooperatives, protecting mutual associations that have complied  with State law for years. By empowering nonprofit mutual irrigation  ditch companies to raise revenue from nonmember sources, H.R. 519 will  reduce the cost of water for cash-strapped farmers.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the House to help our rural communities and,  frankly, all of America by passing the Water and Agriculture Tax Reform  Act.   