 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas 25 for setting  up this Special Order for a great American, George Herbert Walker Bush,  back home known as Bush 41.   There are many words which describe his life: statesman, dignified,  hero, father, husband, devoted leader, and human being.   My wife, Nancy, and I met him twice in very relaxed settings in  Houston, Texas. We loved how funny he was. He loved to make people  laugh.   He and I talked about being former naval aviators and running back  home in Houston for Congress. Both of us had a big problem with our  first campaign: We weren't born in Texas; we weren't native Texans.  Some called us carpetbaggers.   President Bush had the best reply I have ever heard. To paraphrase,  he said: It is true, my friend, I wasn't born in Texas. But on my  birthday, it was very important that I was with my mother; and, sadly,  my mom was not in Texas on June 12 of 1924.   I wish I had the wisdom of that line when I ran in 2008.   He loved having fun with his soul mate, Barbara Bush. He was married  for 73 years, and she was the first woman he ever kissed.   And check out this photo. That is President Carter and Rosalynn;  President Ford and Betty; Lady Bird Johnson; and President George H.W.  Bush and Barbara Bush. Guess who has rabbit ears? Our First Lady,  Barbara Bush. George Bush never let the job take over his humanity.   Mr. Speaker, I have a final story about President Bush having fun  with the same photographer back in Houston. He has been with the Bush  family for about 40 years.   As President Bush's health faded, he went there one fall to take some  pictures for Christmas. I asked my friend: How is the President doing?   He said: He is doing fine. His brain is great, but he can't walk  anymore. He is wheelchair bound, and we take a photo every year with  the First Lady after they come back home from Kennebunkport for photos  for Christmas and for the entire year. Those shoots have become very,  very tough.   I can't stand him up. He has to sit down in his wheelchair. He was 6  foot 2, 6 foot 3. Barbara was probably 5 foot 7. He towered over her in  real life. In the wheelchair, she towered over him.   So how do you fix that?   He said: I worked the First Lady out hard. I made her squat down, get  on her knees so she is below him as they have been their whole life.  And then to try to hide that wheelchair from the photos, I put her up  to the left down  [[Page H9812]]  low, to the right down low, behind to the right down low, behind to  left down low--moved her all over.   Then he started laughing and said: What made their love so special,  so dear, is that both, at 90 years old, as our First Lady walked in  front of the President, about 10 times she stopped and said, ``George,  stop that. Stop that.'' Our President was pinching her behind out of  love.   There is good news today for the Bush family. President Bush and  Barbara are walking hand in hand with their daughter, Robin, in Heaven  right now.   Mr. Speaker, I will close by saying the last four words President  Bush said when he was with us. He said these words to our President  George W. Bush, so-called Bush 43. He said, ``I love you, too.''   He said that to George W., but we all know he said that to every  American, every person in this world. This man loved life. He loved  America. He loved humanity. He was a great man.   Rest well in Heaven, and have fair winds and following seas.   