 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Texas for his  inspiring words and for his devotion to Texas veterans and to American  veterans across our country.   As we approach Memorial Day, this is a time to honor our fallen  soldiers and to reflect on the enormous sacrifices the men and women in  uniform have made for us who were killed while serving this Nation.   Mr. President, I rise to recognize the service and ultimate sacrifice  of four Hoosier servicemembers who gave their lives in defending our  country in the last year. The sacrifices of Ryan Lohrey, Jonathon  Hunter, Mark Boner, and Clayton Cullen will not be forgotten.   In July 2017, we lost Navy Corpsman Ryan Lohrey. He died with 15  other servicemembers when a military refueling aircraft crashed in a  soybean field in Mississippi. He was 30 years old.   Born in Anderson, Ryan was described as selfless and patient and  humble. He played football at Shenandoah High School in Middletown,  where he graduated in 2005. Two years after graduation, Ryan joined the  Navy and served our country in deployments to Afghanistan and Iraq.  During his service, he earned a Purple Heart for being wounded in  battle.   Last August, Army SGT Jonathon Hunter was killed in Afghanistan.  Jonathon was born in Columbus. He was a man of faith who loved his  country and his family. Before joining the Army, Jonathon played  football at Columbus East High School and then pursued his dream of  becoming a music producer before enrolling at Indiana State University  in Terre Haute.   He left college to join the Army. He was 23 years old and just 32  days into his first deployment when he and a fellow soldier were killed  in a suicide bombing attack on a NATO convoy in southern Afghanistan.  Jonathon was posthumously awarded a Purple Heart as well as a Bronze  Star.   In January, we lost SFC Mark Boner of the Indiana Army National  Guard. Mark was born in Fort Wayne. After graduating from Elmhurst High  School in 1993, he answered the call to serve his country.   Mark enjoyed being at the lake, and he was a fan of the Notre Dame  Fighting Irish. He served in the Army and in the Indiana National  Guard. Mark had completed tours in both Iraq and Kuwait and died at  Fort Hood, TX, where he was training for his third deployment for his  country. He was only 43 years old.   Also in January, we lost another Hoosier: Army 1LT Clayton Cullen, of  Bicknell. Clay graduated from North Knox High School in 2011, where he  played soccer and served as student body president. After high school,  he earned a degree from Indiana University and was in the school's ROTC  program.   Clay was 25. He died when the helicopter he was aboard with another  servicemember crashed at the National Training Center at Fort Irwin,  CA.   Each of these courageous men has left behind family, friends, and  loved ones who miss them every day, miss them more tomorrow, and even  more the following day.   As we pay tribute to these servicemembers, let us also recognize  their families. Our hearts go out to every one of them, not only on  Memorial Day but every day. At everything from family dinners and get- togethers to holidays, someone is missing their husband, their father,  their brother or son. There is an empty seat that every heart wishes  was filled.   While nothing could ever fill the void left by the loss of these  servicemembers, their legacies live on through their families. The  people I speak about represent not only the best of Hoosier values but  of America's values. They serve their country so that we all can be  safe, so that we all can be secure, so that we all can have our freedom  protected. We grieve for them and we miss them. I join every Hoosier in  praying for their friends, family, and fellow servicemembers.   On Memorial Day, we will pause to commemorate the extraordinary  sacrifice so many men and women in uniform from across our State and  Nation have made. Every day, in conflict zones across the world,  American servicemembers put themselves in harm's way. We thank them for  their courage  [[Page S2895]]  and bravery, and we remember the patriots who lost their lives and  exemplified the very best of what our country is and can be.   One other note, I remember a few years ago when I was driving through  Starke County, IN. It was early in the morning on Memorial Day. I drove  through the town of Walkerton, IN. It was early in the morning. In the  town cemetery there were a couple of dads and moms and their children.  They were putting flags on every veteran's grave who had served our  country and devoted their lives to our Nation. That scene that I saw  was being duplicated in towns all across my State and all across our  country, because the one thing all of us as Americans understand-- whether we live in Indiana, Philadelphia, or in Ohio--is that there are  young men and women from other towns and from other States who lost  their lives to protect us, and we are all in it for each other. We are  all in it together as Americans.   On Memorial Day, please say a prayer and think about all those who  gave us the chance to celebrate our freedoms.   May God bless Indiana, and may God bless the United States of  America.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield back.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   