 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Illinois  for all her work on this and so much other good legislation--not the  bill that is on the floor today, though.   I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 772. This bill would undo years  of progress towards implementing menu label requirements and only lead  to greater consumer and industry confusion.   We included a requirement in the Affordable Care Act that certain  restaurants and other retail food establishments with 20 or more  locations display calorie and other nutritional information in order to  give consumers access to the information they need to make healthy  choices in a way that would be consistent and easy to understand.   Now, GOP efforts to sabotage the Affordable Care Act continue with  this legislation today, which also undermines the ACA's prevention  goals. Unfortunately, H.R. 772 would weaken the current menu labeling  requirements and lead to extended compliance delays, putting those  establishments who have already begun complying at a disadvantage.   While proponents of this bill claim it will increase flexibility for  covered entities, in reality, this bill would allow restaurants and  other retail food establishments to determine their own serving sizes  and what would be the one designated menu or menu board for the  purposes of disclosing caloric information. It would also permit  establishments to disclose nutritional content for certain food items  through a choice of methods instead of utilizing a standardized format.   H.R. 772 also would limit the civil liability of covered entities,  impeding private citizens' ability to take legal recourse should an  establishment fail to comply with the menu labeling requirements.   And as I noted when we considered a similar version of this bill in  the last Congress, I continue to believe that legislation is not the  right approach to address the concerns raised by some industry groups  regarding the menu labeling rule.   The FDA has been diligently working with stakeholders, since the law  was passed, to find a workable approach that provides consumers with  transparency when eating out, while also ensuring covered  establishments have the tools they need to implement the rule.   Just this past November, FDA issued new supplemental draft guidance  to help answer any outstanding questions still posed by industry.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, the FDA has demonstrated that it is best  positioned to address specific concerns with the regulation, and this  new guidance is an example that FDA is taking the necessary steps to  make compliance attainable.   Again, we have a new FDA Administrator appointed by the Trump  administration, and he is trying to work with industry to get this  done. So we shouldn't roll back the clock and undo the progress we have  made.   Instead, we should be moving forward with the menu labeling  requirements as they currently stand and are set to go into effect in  May of this year. H.R. 772, unfortunately, would do the opposite; and,  for this reason, I oppose the bill and urge my colleagues to oppose the  bill as well.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1892.   Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed that, once again, my Republican  colleagues are playing politics with important health programs.   Rather than bringing a stand-alone, bipartisan health extenders  package to the floor, the Republicans have once again delayed any  action on these extenders so that they could attach them to a CR that  Democrats could not support.   The strategy may hide their inability to pass a final funding bill  for a fiscal year that began on October 1, but it has also created  uncertainty for the millions of Americans who rely on these programs  every day.   I am glad that Republicans have dropped some of the harmful offsets  that have led to months of delay and uncertainty for these health  programs. However, our main concern is that the package excludes  important health priorities, including the Maternal, Infant, and Early  Childhood Home Visiting Program; the Health Profession Opportunity  Grants program; and the increased funding that is desperately needed to  combat the ongoing opioid crisis.   The CR poses a serious threat to public health because it cuts $2.85  billion from the Prevention Fund. These funds are critical to keeping  Americans healthy. The Prevention Fund funds vaccines for children,  lead poisoning prevention, opioid prevention, diabetes, heart disease,  and other prevention programs.   I am also concerned with the Medicaid cuts in this package.  Republicans have included over $10 billion in Medicaid cuts, including  new money from the Medicaid Improvement Fund.   We should also reject the prioritization of funding for the Defense  Department at the expense of all of our domestic needs.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.'' It is the only way we are going  to guarantee that, ultimately, these health programs are funded and  that we don't rely so much on the Prevention Fund.   