 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I will just start out by saying it is good  to see you. It is good to be back. I hope you had a good break.   We have business to do--serious business to do. Before we took our  recess around election time, we closed off by passing, I think, a 99- to-1 vote here and a unanimous vote over in the House. It is a major  water infrastructure bill that Senator Barrasso and I and our staffs  have worked on with a number of our colleagues. We are back here today  to do some more good work. I am grateful to everyone who has had a part  in that.   I rise in support of the Coast Guard reauthorizing bill and to urge  our colleagues to vote yes on the pending cloture motion and on final  passage of this legislation tomorrow. Ensuring that our Coast Guard,  comprised of nearly 90,000 men and women across our country, has the  resources to do its important work is incredibly important.   The Coast Guard was established at the behest of Treasury Secretary  Alexander Hamilton, who is known more recently for the musical, but he  was actually behind the establishment of the Coast Guard all those  years ago. This is one of his greatest hits, if you will. He played a  crucial role in our country, and so has the Coast Guard--including in  my State of Delaware--from the very birth of our Nation, and my guess  is also in Wisconsin, where our Presiding Officer is from.   Today, we ask this branch of our military to track pollution at sea,  to combat illicit trafficking and smuggling, and to protect maritime  operations that are expanding throughout our Arctic waters, while still  keeping our waters safe for recreational and cargo vessels sailing in  places like the Delaware Bay.   The bill before us today will increase resources for the Coast Guard  by about 10 percent so they are equipped to continue this important and  oftentimes lifesaving work. This legislation also allows for multiyear  funding in order to procure future national security cutters, which  will reduce costs, increase predictability, and stabilize workforces.  It is like a win-win-win.   For a State like mine, which is serious about its recreational  boating, the bill would increase safety by implementing engine cut-off  switches and alternate signaling devices.   For the Coast Guard contingent based at the Indian River Inlet in  Delaware, about halfway between Rehoboth Beach and the Maryland line in  Ocean City, this bill means an increase in operational and maintenance  funding for personnel and boats, easier access to healthcare for crews  and their families, better quality of the life through updated leave  policies, extra funding for shoreside infrastructure improvements, and  clarity on inspections and enforcement procedures for vessel boardings.   The impacts of this reauthorization bill are real. They will be felt  in the Coast Guard contingents across our country. This bill also  includes a major win with regard to our shared environment.   Many of our Senate colleagues have invested far more than I have in  time and effort to bring greater efficiency and effectiveness to our  Nation's management of potentially harmful ballast water discharges  from vessels plying our waters. That effort has culminated in the  Vessel Incidental Discharge Act--better known as VIDA, as in Vida  Blue--which is contained in title IX of the amendment before us.   Specifically, the bill will go a long way toward preventing polluted  ballast water discharges from entering our waterways, will minimize the  risk of introduction of invasive species in the Great Lakes and other  sensitive ecosystems, and will maintain important environmental  protections for our waters that are enshrined in the Clean Water Act.   This past April, the Senate failed to invoke cloture on a prior  version of this reauthorization bill. Many of our colleagues and I were  concerned that the earlier legislation failed to maintain the  appropriate roles for the Coast Guard and for EPA.   This new version makes sure that the EPA is responsible for setting  vessel discharge standards while the Coast Guard is responsible for  approving the technologies that can meet those standards and, thus,  allow vessels to operate safely. This is the key. I want to say it  again. This new version makes sure that the EPA is responsible for  setting vessel discharge standards while the Coast Guard is responsible  for approving the technologies that can meet those standards and, thus,  allow vessels to operate safely and ultimately to operate efficiently.   As ranking member of the Senate Environment and Public Works  Committee, I am grateful for the excellent work done by the Senator  from South Dakota, the chairman of the Commerce Committee, Senator  Thune, and the Senator from Florida, Mr. Nelson, the ranking member,  and by their able staffs, working with us on this important, bipartisan  bill.   My speech here does not mention the Senator from Alaska, Dan  Sullivan. It is his birthday today. So I am going to give him a shout- out and say that he and his staff worked on this as well, and we are  grateful to them for being our partners.   With the support of our Commerce Committee colleagues and the active  participation of many Senators--including our Pacific coast, Great  Lakes, and east coast partners--we have strengthened VIDA in  substantial ways since our last vote on this legislation in April.   Let me take a minute now and explain how. First of all, we have  clarified that the Clean Water Act should govern this important  endeavor to keep our waters clean, healthy, and productive, and that  the Environmental Protection Agency should take the lead in  establishing standards for the discharge of waters polluted by invasive  species and other substances from vessels.   This legislation also recognizes the expertise, if you will, and the  experience of the Coast Guard and their crews by ensuring that it  retains responsibility for determining the best available technology  necessary to meet the EPA's discharge standards, while also maintaining  maritime safety. In addition, the Coast Guard would assume the primary  Federal role in monitoring and enforcing these standards. So there you  have it.   As a former Governor--some of my colleagues call me a recovering  Governor, which is true--it was critically important to me that we  ensure a robust role for States, especially given that the waters in  their jurisdictions are the most at risk for invasive species and  pollution coming from ships. With that in mind, we have ensured that  States maintain a coenforcement responsibility to ensure that these  Federal standards are met. The Coast Guard, in close coordination with  the States, will establish a set of inspection and enforcement  procedures that will ensure a common approach to the States'  enforcement of Federal vessel discharge standards and requirements.   We have also required that Governors are consulted in the  establishment of discharge standards and that they can act to drive the  Federal agencies to issue emergency measures should invasive species  appear off their shores.  [[Page S6906]]    Governors will also be able to directly petition the EPA and the  Coast Guard for stronger national standard and requirements if the  science says that they are necessary or the technology has evolved. The  EPA and the Coast Guard will be required to respond to a Governor's  petition quickly and on the merits, not sidestepping concerns that  might be raised.   Should a State find that its waters are threatened despite the  protection offered by the national standard, that State can petition  the EPA to establish no-discharge zones to protect those vulnerable  waters from any vessel discharges or force the EPA to issue emergency  orders.   Under this legislation, Great Lakes Governors for the first time have  a defined process to adopt stronger requirements and more protective  equipment on vessels entering or traveling within the Great Lakes. In  addition, a new Aquatic Nuisance Species Program is established that  would address the waters of the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain. The  bill also creates special ballast water exchange requirements to help  ensure the protection of critical Pacific region environments.   Under all circumstances, no future discharge standards, regional  requirements, or technology mandates can ever be weaker than the  Federal requirements that are in place today. Let me say that again.  Under all circumstances, no future discharge standards, regional  requirements, or technology mandates can ever be weaker than the  Federal requirements that are in place today. Furthermore, no State  laws or regulations will be preempted unless and until the new, more  proactive, more protective Federal standards and requirements are in  place--meaning they are both final and enforceable by the Coast Guard  and the States.   This bill contains equal measures of environmental urgency and common  sense. It sets clear roles and responsibilities for the Federal  agencies involved in implementing it, and it provides certainty and  predictability to all who rely on our coastal waters and the Great  Lakes to recreate, fish, and carry our cargos.   Many of our colleagues realize that getting to this point has been a  multiyear endeavor. In the end, that is what has brought us together--a  common appreciation of how important our waters are to our country. No  matter how far away from the coast we may live, none of us are  untouched in some way by the environment and resources extending from  our shores.   Again, let me commend everyone who has helped in ways both large and  small to craft the important compromise that is before us today. With  its inclusion, we will have a clear path to enacting a much needed  Coast Guard reauthorization bill with its strong VIDA provisions. I  urge my colleagues to join us in supporting it and by doing so,  demonstrating that even on the heels of last week's election, the  Senate is still committed to hammering out principled compromises on  difficult but important issues like these.   I will close by hearkening back to my days in the U.S. House of  Representatives. After I was Treasurer, I served in the House for a  while. After that, I served as Governor of my State and then came here  to join our colleagues in the Senate. For 10 years I served on the  Coast Guard Subcommittee, which was in the Merchant Marine and  Fisheries Committee, and I had the opportunity to visit Coast Guard  facilities not just on the east coast but as far away as Alaska, on  Kodiak Island.   I am a retired Navy captain. I spent a lot of time on airplanes and  sometimes on ships to understand fairly well the important role that  the Coast Guard does. We certainly see that every day on the east  coast. We have a huge tourist business on the shores and the beaches of  Delaware, and the Coast Guard plays a hugely important role in that  endeavor.   Today, we thank and salute--the Navy salutes--the Coast Guard and all  of the men and women who are out there doing their job for all of us.   Again, I want to salute especially the three Senators I mentioned  earlier: Senator Thune, Senator Nelson, and Senator Sullivan, our  birthday boy today, and for a job well done.   Particularly, I want to thank the folks on my staff. I will just  mention a couple of names: Christophe Tulou, Andrew Rogers, and MF  Repko, who is a leader and the head of our staff on the Environment and  Public Works Committee, and our colleagues on the other side on EPW. It  is a good team effort.   People say to me all the time back home, and I am sure they say this  to our Presiding Officer back in Wisconsin: When are you guys going to  get something done?   Senator John Barrasso was just on the floor and spoke briefly to the  Presiding Officer. He and I, working with our colleagues, Democrats and  Republicans alike, got something big done--the Water Resources  Development Act, a big water infrastructure bill that we passed by a  big margin, as I said earlier.   As for today's vote--I don't care if you live on the coast or live in  the Great Lakes or some other place around the country--we all have a  dog in this fight, not just by talking about it or pointing fingers at  one another. We are doing something about it, and we are doing it by  working together. I am proud of what we have done. I am grateful to  everyone who has had a part in that.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   Thank you so much.   