 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan for  yielding.   You know, I think it is so interesting. We are all coming together,  various States, to celebrate these accomplishments and to take a step  back: how far we have come in the past year or the past several months  where you look back and, basically, there was a national consensus that  had developed, and the consensus was nobody  [[Page H1428]]  liked our Tax Code--I mean nobody. Nobody could defend it because it  was absurd. It was so complicated.   Those of us who are from the Chicago area, we know that the last time  the Tax Code was updated was when the Bears won the Super Bowl, so that  is 30 years ago. And yet we have got this Tax Code that had been a  complete throwback. The Tax Code was such a throwback that the last  time it was updated, 1986, the internet didn't exist, basically, as a  commercial enterprise.   There was no shared economy, per se. Airbnb, Uber, Lyft, all those  things, they didn't exist. Global supply chains were nowhere nearly as  connected as they are today, which all begged the question that we  needed a Tax Code to update things.   Now, here is what was interesting: The hyperbole that surrounded the  debate on the tax reform bill as H.R. 1 kept moving in and, ultimately,  came to a crescendo, passed through the House, passed through the  Senate, and was signed into law, it was described by, God bless them,  our friends on the other side of the aisle as the worst bill ever,  Armageddon, and, obviously, now, the famous line that the result of  these things were crumbs. Well, none of that turned out to be true.  This was a terrific bill.   Let me just give you a couple of examples, Mr. Speaker, of people in  my constituency who have written publicly or they have written to me  privately about this bill.   Here is Mary from Wheaton, Illinois, my hometown. She said: ``Our  family is already feeling the positive impact of the changes made in  the Tax Code. Our daughter and her husband just had their first baby  and will be able to take advantage of the doubled child tax credit next  year. Throughout our extended family, those who work for big and small  businesses alike are witnessing immediate effects. Companies are  investing the anticipated benefits of the new tax law in the form of  bonuses, pay raises, capital improvements, and new hires. And that's  just the beginning. The true value of this Tax Code will become even  more evident in the months and years ahead.''    Mary is absolutely right.   Or another person, Nicole, from Elgin. She says: ``Thanks to the new  tax bill, my family will be saving an estimated $4,000 on our taxes  next year. Not only that, but I'm getting a $1,000 bonus and an extra  $1,500 in my employee pension account from my employer as a result of  the changes.''   Or how about an enrolled agent, Stephen, from Wayne. He prepares  people's taxes. He says: ``As an enrolled agent entering my 35th tax  season, I am anxiously awaiting the smiles I will be getting from my  clients when I inform them how much they will be saving on their 2018  tax return . . . the clear majority of my clients will be paying lower  tax rates in 2018 due to the recently passed Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.''   And then I will go to the end of his note. He says: ``I haven't been  able to say this very often over the past 35 years, but I am actually  looking forward to this tax season.''   So we know that these things are true. We know that they are  manifesting themselves.   I have got a constituency where there are about 30,000 people who get  hit hard by the alternative minimum tax, and they are not going to be  hit by the alternative minimum tax. They are going to be spared that  tax.   There are many other examples in the State of Illinois where you see  real progress being made.   Up by me in Chicagoland, MK Incorporation, a fleet management  company, is giving $1,000 bonuses to 150 employees.   Ameren Illinois, the customers are using both electricity and natural  gas. They will see a combined savings of lower utility rates.   We have talked about AT&T already today: $1,000 bonuses to 10,000  Illinois-based employees and, nationwide, over $1 billion increase in  capital expenditures.   There is example after example after example after example.   Look, if all the critics can do is basically say, well, this isn't  enough or this is crumbs, they have not been to my constituency. To  tell a family that I represent, Mr. Speaker, that $1,000 is crumbs is  just patently obtuse. $1,000 is real money: $1,000 is getting ahead on  a car payment; $1,000 is the ability to move forward and say we are  going to go on a little extra special vacation, we are going to put a  little bit more money toward our college fund, we are going to put a  little bit more money toward our retirement. And that is just one  particular example.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for organizing this, and I  very much appreciate his bringing us together to celebrate these  things.    What we did with it is we doubled it so that the family  tax credit is now doubled. So, you know, when folks say, ``Well, I  don't like this tax plan,'' really? You don't like doubling the child  tax credit?   So there was very much an intentionality, as you know, to say we  value family, we value children, we value domestic life, and, toward  that end, we are going to support it through the Tax Code. So there was  a very specific design not just to keep it, but to enhance it.    Right.    That is right.   So, to the gentleman's point, a deduction is a decrease in a taxable  liability; a credit is a credit. Once the tax is calculated, the credit  is an amount that comes off of that tax liability, so it is a very  significant thing. Said another way, credits are more valuable than  deductions.   