 Thank you, Mr. President. I rise to speak to commemorate  the horrific death of Matthew Shepard 20 years ago. On October 7, 1998,  Matthew Shepard, then a 21-year-old student at the University of  Wyoming, was kidnapped, brutally beaten, and left tied to a fence in a  field outside of Laramie, WY. He passed away 5 days later in a  hospital.   Matthew was attacked because of his sexual orientation. His murder  was an act of pure evil, borne of hate.   Since his passing, Matthew's family has worked to share his story in  the hope that no other family suffers a similar tragedy. His parents,  Judy and Dennis Shepard, started the Matthew Shepard Foundation to  honor the life and aspirations of their son. Judy has made countless  personal appearances around the country and around the world, sharing  Matthew's story, to shine a light on the importance of supporting the  LGBT community and eradicating hate. She has relived the horror of his  death so that others may not ever know such pain.   I had the opportunity in 2005 to meet Judy Shepard here in  Washington, and I was impressed and inspired by her strength. The  foundation that the Shepard family has organized has worked to end hate  in all forms around the country, starting dialogues at schools,  corporations, and communities to promote human dignity for all  individuals. They have also provided an online resource center for LGBT  youth, helped to create a dialogue about hate crimes through support  for The Laramie Project, and helped to advocate for legislation to end  hate crimes.   Judy Shepard's work has been successful, and I think that is an  understatement. Matthew Shepard's story has resonated with people  across the country and inspired change, including the 2009 passage of  the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr., Hate Crimes Prevention Act,  which I was proud to cosponsor. This legislation added perceived  gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability as protected  classes under existing Federal hate crimes law.   Though we made a great deal of progress over the last 20 years, there  is still so much work to do. In 2016, 6,121 hate crime incidents were  reported, and of these incidents, 1,076 were based on sexual  orientation bias, and 124 were based on gender-identity bias.   In order to help to stop this violence, I am the author of the Disarm  Hate Act. This legislation would prevent those convicted of a violent  misdemeanor hate crime or those who have received a hate crime sentence  enhancement from buying or possessing a gun.   It is critical that we work not only to address hate crimes but to  stop the culture of violence or prejudice that often begins as bullying  and harassment in our schools. According to a Human Rights Campaign  report, LGBT youth are more than twice as likely--twice as likely--as  non-LGBT youth to be physically attacked at school.   Similarly, a report by the Gay, Lesbian, and Straight Education  Network found that four out of five LGBT students reported experiencing  harassment frequently in school based on their appearance or perceived  sexual orientation. That is why I have consistently introduced the Safe  Schools Improvement Act, which would prohibit in K-12 schools bullying  and harassment based on sexual orientation or gender identity.   I am also a proud cosponsor of the Equality Act, a landmark civil  rights bill that would amend existing civil rights laws to prohibit  discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity  in education, employment, housing, credit, and Federal jury service.   Matthew Shepard's life and death has inspired great change across our  Nation over the last 20 years. His life continues to inspire me and so  many others, so many Members of Congress, and, indeed, so many  Americans to continue the fight against hate and violence in all its  forms.   We just read today, just hours ago, a story in the Washington Post  which told us that Matthew Shepard's remains will be interred in the  next couple of weeks inside the crypt at the National Cathedral here in  Washington. May he rest in peace.   I yield the floor.   