 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7164. The  United States was built on the hard work and the determination of  immigrants, many of them who hailed from Ireland. Through their  perseverance, they have enabled this country to grow and prosper.   I believe in the value and opportunity that comes with legal  immigration. I am pleased to have authored this legislation to make the  process more efficient for one of our oldest allies and add to the  great legacy of cultural diversity celebrated in our country.    This modest proposal would give Irish nationals the opportunity to  work in the United States under the nonimmigrant visa category of the  E-3 visa, previously reserved only for Australian nationals. Ireland,  in the meantime, has proposed a reciprocal work visa specific to U.S.  nationals so that those wanting to live and work in Ireland can move  easily to do so.   The E-3 visa is one of the most efficient U.S. visa options. The  applicants outside the United States may apply directly at a U.S.  consulate, thus avoiding the lengthy processing time with the U.S.  Citizenship and Immigration Services. The visas are granted for 2-year  periods, renewable indefinitely, and the spouses of E-3 visa holders  are permitted to apply for employment authorization documents.   Currently, 10,500 E-3 visas are allocated each year, yet only half of  these are used. This legislation would allow Irish nationals to apply  for those visas unused by Australian nationals.   This significant addition to the U.S. immigration system will not  only benefit Irish nationals seeking employment in the United States  but also ease restrictions on Americans wanting to live or retire in  Ireland.   In conclusion, I would say that this does not increase the number of  visas that are authorized in total. It merely allows Irish nationals to  apply for the visas that Australian nationals do not want to use on a  year-to-year basis.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   