 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would increase funding for the  Cybersecurity, Energy Security, and Emergency Response program by $1  million and decrease the departmental administration fund within the  Department of Energy by an equal amount.   The new Office of Cybersecurity, Energy Security, and Emergency  Response addresses the emerging threats of tomorrow while protecting  the reliable flow of energy to America's broad population today by  improving energy infrastructure security and supporting the Department  of Energy's national security mission.   Being prepared and ready to respond quickly and effectively to all  hazards is crucial. We need to make sure we can improve the ability of  energy sector stakeholders to prevent, prepare for, and respond to  threats, hazards, natural disaster, and other supply disruptions.  Additionally, in today's highly interconnected world, reliable energy  delivery requires cyber resilient energy delivery systems.   This amendment would increase funds to focus on preparedness and  response activities to natural and manmade threats, ensuring a  stronger, more prosperous, and secure future for the Nation.   Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for his support.   I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would increase funding for the  Electric Delivery program by $1 million and decrease the departmental  administrative fund within the Department of Energy by an equal amount.   This amendment is intended to increase funding for the new Electric  Delivery program's activities to accelerate discovery and innovation in  electrical transmission and distribution technologies and create next  generation devices, software, tools, and techniques to help modernize  the electric grid.   Additionally, I would like to take this opportunity to thank the  committee for all their work in advancing high-power capacity batteries  and grid restoration efforts in Puerto Rico.   First, I thank the committee for the inclusion of report language  discussing the potential benefits of high-power, high-capacity  batteries. These batteries could provide energy resilience in the face  of extreme weather disasters. These technologies could have prevented  hardships during last year's hurricane season and decrease reliance on  generators during emergencies.   In Florida, Hurricane Maria caused a prolonged power outage in  assisted living facilities that cost lives. This could have been  prevented, and this amendment assists in that.   Second, I thank the committee for the report language that supports  the Department's involvement in the grid restoration efforts in Puerto  Rico. Their continued effort and support provide technical assistance  as Puerto Rico works to rebuild its energy infrastructure and is  essential to long-term recovery.   Again, my amendment would increase funding for the Electric Delivery  program, which would advance our Nation's grid reliability and  resiliency.   I thank the chairman and the committee for their support, and I urge  my colleagues to support this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   