 HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to revise  and extend his remarks.)    HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for his  great leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill and urge my colleagues to  come together in support of securing our Nation's southern border.   We finally now have an opportunity before us that enables us to take  a step in resolving the immigration and border crisis, frankly, one  that is growing daily in its scope and complexity, largely because of  the inaction of this body. But we have the opportunity now to change  that.   The $5 billion requested by the President is a relatively small  amount when we consider the Federal Government's discretionary spending  this year is at a whopping $1.3 trillion. That comes to about $2.5  million a minute. If you do the math, this $5 billion comes to less  than 1\1/2\ days' worth of Federal spending, about 33 hours.   To give people some degree of comparison, in late 2016, the  Department of Transportation awarded a little over $1 billion in a  grant to the city of San Diego to expand its trolley service 11 miles.  That is roughly $100 million per mile for something that the DOT  estimated only 25,000 people would use. If we can spend $1 billion on a  trolley for 11 miles that very few people will even use, then,  certainly, we can spend $5 billion to do something that is going to  benefit and protect our Nation, our border.   Wherever walls have been built on our border, whether we are dealing  with San Diego or El Paso or Tucson or wherever, the walls have been  effective tremendously.   The border wall in itself is no magic bullet. There are some other  things we need to do: closing the asylum loopholes, for example; making  E-Verify mandatory; ending chain migration; and shifting toward a  merit-based immigration system. But this is our opportunity to secure  the border, and I urge support for the bill.   But these other solutions cannot be effective unless we can ensure  that our border is secure. These solutions are mutually supportive.   It is now or never, Mr. Speaker.   We made a promise to the American people and they sent us here to  fulfill that promise.   This bill also provides some much needed disaster relief for States  like Georgia.   I urge my colleagues to support the funding bill, to support the  President, and--most importantly--to support the American people.   