 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Democrats have long believed that good  healthcare for every American is a right, not a privilege. It is a  tradition that was etched into our party by Presidents Roosevelt,  Johnson, Clinton, and Obama. We believe it is wrong to allow insurers  to discriminate against women, older Americans, and folks with  preexisting conditions. We believe it is wrong to allow insurers to put  a cap on your insurance or to offer insurance so threadbare that it  hardly counts as insurance at all. People end up paying a lot of money  for insurance, and then they find it doesn't cover anything or it has  such a huge deductible that it does no good. That is why the Affordable  Care Act prohibited these abuses by insurance companies.   Our Republican friends seem to want to say: The best way to get  healthcare is to put yourself in the hands of your insurance company.  We don't believe that. For the past 2 years, President Trump and  Republicans in Congress have tried to wrench our country back to a time  when all of these abuses and loopholes were commonplace, a time when  insurance companies could do whatever they want. They have tried to  repeal our healthcare law, gut Medicaid, and cause 20 million fewer  Americans to have insurance. President Trump ended a program that  helped low-income Americans to afford insurance. Congressional  Republicans repealed the coverage requirement, causing an unnecessary  and completely avoidable increase in premiums this year, and Republican  attorneys general across the country--many now running for a seat in  this Chamber--filed a lawsuit that would repeal protections for  Americans with preexisting conditions.   Today on the floor, the Senate has the opportunity to put a stop to  the relentless sabotage of our healthcare system. My friend and one of  the great leaders in healthcare in this Chamber, Senator Baldwin, has  put forward a motion to repeal the Trump administration's rule to  expand short-term insurance plans. Short-term insurance plans lure  consumers in with low rates but fail to provide adequate coverage. Many  don't cover maternity care, mental health treatment, prescription drug  costs, and more. These plans are junk insurance, period--no ands, ifs,  or buts--junk.   We prohibited them in the past. This administration wants to let  these junk insurance plans run rampant and let people be duped into  thinking they have insurance when it covers almost nothing. There are  massive risks to any family who purchases them, and, worse, they cause  rates to go up for everyone else, even those who don't elect to buy  one. That is why traditionally nonpartisan organizations, like the  American Cancer Society, the AARP, and the American Lung Association,  have come out in staunch opposition. The AARP, for instance, says that  junk insurance ``would force millions of older Americans to choose  either inadequate coverage or comprehensive coverage that is  unaffordable.''   Now, my Republican friends say they support these plans because they  give Americans another choice, but if you ask Americans: Would you like  the option to purchase a faulty product, I don't think many would say  yes. Do we want a choice of buying a car where the engine doesn't go?  Of course not, that is the 1890s. We have changed for the better, and  people are protected.   So this vote is not about giving Americans a choice. It is about  whether or not we would allow insurance companies to scam Americans  with cut-rate health insurance. I wouldn't want to be on the wrong side  of that vote. An abundance of public opinion shows that healthcare is  the No. 1 issue to voters. My Republican friends have desperately tried  to make it more unaffordable, harder to access. Meanwhile, the one  significant legislative item passed by the Republican Congress this  year, the tax bill, is under water in the polls. It is hard to make a  tax cut unpopular, but this one is because so much of it goes to the  wealthy.   Republican leaders just rammed through one of the least popular  Supreme Court Justices in history.   In a few short weeks, the American people will head to the polls,  where they can vote for another 2 years of Republican attempts to gut  our healthcare system or they can vote for Democratic candidates who  can safeguard the protections now in place and  [[Page S6738]]  work to make healthcare more affordable.   I see my friend from Wisconsin. I want to thank her for her  outstanding leadership on this issue.   I yield the floor.   