 Mr. President, thank you.   We all are surrounded by exceptionally dedicated young men and women  who work side by side with us and whose lead we sometimes follow on  issues--our staff. I am honored to have such a capable, dedicated, and  loyal staff--to me but more importantly, to Kansans and to Americans.   Today I want to take just a moment to recognize the contributions of  a member of that staff, U.S. Army CPT Mark Bedrin, who has spent the  last year working in my personal office as part of the U.S. Army  Congressional Fellowship Program.   Before Mark departs from my office to return to the Army, at the  Pentagon, at the start of the new year, I rise to express my admiration  and appreciation to Captain Bedrin for all the hard work and dedication  in his service to our Nation.   Exactly 1 year ago, when I first learned that Captain Bedrin would be  joining our office and our team, I called and welcomed him to the  office, and I immediately was struck by his determination and his sense  of duty. Since that first conversation with Mark, I knew he would be an  asset to our team, and he absolutely has never disappointed.   Mark's nearly 9 years of service in the U.S. Army have developed his  leadership capabilities and shaped his perspective on defense issues  that are of such national significance, making him a unique asset to  our team who, as a member of the U.S. Armed Forces, helps us work to  serve Kansans and their families.   Mark's assignments have taken him and his wife, Katie, and their  children,  [[Page S7560]]  Elizabeth and Patrick, around the world in service to our country. Mark  has completed two combat deployments encompassing more than 22 months  in Kandahar Province, Afghanistan, as a rifle platoon leader during the  Afghanistan surge and as regimental battle captain overseeing most of  the Regional Command South. He also completed a peacekeeping deployment  to the Sinai Peninsula in Egypt, where he commanded a rifle company  supporting the Multinational Force and Observers maintaining the treaty  of peace between Egypt and Israel. Mark planned and completed multiple  missions supporting Atlantic Resolve in Central and Eastern Europe as  well.   Although Mark is a native of New York and he had never been to Kansas  prior to his working in my office, he immediately got familiar with  issues that Kansans face each day and made it a priority to spend time  in Kansas and to see firsthand our way of life.   Following his trip to our military installations and equities in  Kansas, I was grateful to learn of his impressions at each stop along  the way. Like many in the military who visit our State, Mark returned  to Washington, DC, with an appreciation for the quality of life that  Kansans ensure that their servicemembers have in our State. We take  care of their families. I appreciate Mark's noticing that, and it is so  true.   Over the past year, I have continually been impressed by Mark's  leadership. At every opportunity, he has proven himself to be an  important and fully integrated member of our office, our team, and has  carried that with equal weight and responsibility with my personal  staff. His seamless communications and his skill in tackling issues big  and small have been a great benefit to me. Mark has exceeded all of my  expectations and has demonstrated a commitment to excellence that has  been nothing short of outstanding.   Although I am sad that he will be leaving our office at the end of  the month, I know he will serve the Army well next year in the budget  liaison office, where I am confident he will be a highly effective  ambassador to Congress for the Army.   Mark is one of the most impressive military officers I have had the  honor of knowing, and I hold him in the highest regard personally and  professionally. He is a significant asset to our country and to the  U.S. Army. Mark represents the best that the Army has to offer, and I  know he will continue to benefit the future of our Nation.   There is no group of people I hold in higher regard than those who  serve our Nation, and I want to reiterate my gratitude to Mark and his  wife, Katie, as an Army family dedicated to serving our country.   Once again, thank you, Mark, for all you have done for Kansans this  year. Thank you for being an inspiration to me, causing me to work  harder and care more. You have been a model of selfless service and  leadership. Our entire office, our staff here in Washington, DC, and  our staff in Kansas will miss you. All know how much you contributed to  the cause, and I know you will continue to do great things throughout  your Army career and your life of service wherever that path may lead.   