 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Larry Doby, a sports  legend, a pioneer of American civil rights, a man who proudly served  his country, and a fellow native of the streets of my hometown,  Paterson, New Jersey, where he was a star multisport athlete at  Eastside High School, well known for his character.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Huizenga for the work that he did,  tirelessly trying to get enough signatures, both last year and this  year--a great job--and I know the brothers and sisters in Ohio are very  proud of him.   I thank Maxine Waters, who made it very, very possible to bring this  to the floor today, my deepest, deepest thanks.   Larry Doby served in the United States Navy in the Pacific during  World War II. After an honorable discharge in 1946, he returned to New  Jersey to pursue his career in baseball with the Newark Eagles after  being scouted at Hinchliffe Stadium in Paterson. Hinchliffe Stadium is  now in the historic district of Paterson, the same field I played on as  a kid, which gave me the delusions of making it to the major leagues-- almost, but not quite. We were proud that Larry Doby achieved that  greatness.   In 1946, Larry helped the Eagles win the Negro World Series  championship over the legendary Satchel Paige--think about that--and  the Kansas City Monarchs. Larry Doby hit .372, with one home run, five  RBIs, and three stolen bases in that world series.   Many believed Larry Doby would be the first to break Major League  Baseball's infamous color barrier, but we know what happened. On April  15, 1947, Jackie Robinson took to the field in Ebbets Field; and on  July 5, 1947, Larry Doby integrated the American League with the  Cleveland Indians, 71 years ago last week.   Being second did not make his challenge any less difficult or his  courage any less remarkable. Larry was also treated to horrible racism.  Even some of his teammates shunned him. Larry Doby took that abuse  wherever he went.   Imagine that burden. Imagine the courage it would take to stand in  front of that every day, and yet he handled the adversity with  bottomless strength, poise, and dignity.   There was no interleague play back in 1947 and certainly no ESPN.  Baseball fans from American League only areas--like northern Ohio,  Michigan, and around Washington, D.C.--would never be able to see  Jackie Robinson play. It was Larry Doby who integrated the American  League parks.   The poise and courage of Larry Doby was a source of inspiration for  so many. I knew his family very well, as well as Larry. He knew it,  too. Larry once said: ``I knew being accepted was going to be hard, but  I knew I was involved in a situation that was going to bring  opportunities to other Blacks.''   Besides being a pioneer, Larry Doby was no slouch on the diamond. He  played 13 years. He led the Indians to their last World Series in 1948,  and I remind Mr. Renacci of that point. They are due. He was voted to  seven all-star teams. When it was all done, he finished with 253 home  runs, nearly a thousand RBIs, and a cool lifetime .283 batting average.   Even when he was retired, Larry Doby continued to break barriers. As  Mr. Renacci pointed out, in 1978, he became manager of the Chicago  White Sox. He became only the second African American manager of a  major league team.   His play on the field might have been good enough by itself, but for  his ability and for his courage, Larry Doby was rightly elected to the  National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1998. I made that trip to  Cooperstown, as many folks from Ohio and many people from Paterson, New  Jersey, did. I was filled with pride watching this product of Paterson  ascend to the Parthenon of America's game.   But even after he was finished in baseball, Larry Doby wasn't  finished. He continued to make significant contributions to his  community. He served as the director of community relations for the  National Basketball Association's New Jersey Nets, where he was deeply  involved with building several inner-city youth programs. This was a  special, special person, Mr. Speaker.   This bipartisan bill would posthumously award Larry Doby with a  Congressional Gold Medal, the highest award bestowed by the United  States Congress on extraordinary individuals. It is right recognition  for Larry Doby's athletic feats, his courageous leadership, the  opportunities he created for others, and the inspiration he gave to  millions.   H.R. 1861, The Larry Doby Congressional Gold Medal Act, I introduced  with my friend Representative Jim Renacci is a big deal.   I also thank the Senate sponsors of the companion legislation:  Senators Rob Portman, Robert Menendez, Cory Booker, Sherrod Brown, Tim  Scott, and Lindsey Graham.   Since coming to Congress, I have tried to support the legacy of Larry  Doby. We passed an act of Congress to name the post office in Paterson  after him. We worked hard to make sure he was recognized by the United  States Postal Service with a beautiful postage stamp.   We are fortunate to have heroes who inspire us to achieve our best  and lead our communities towards positive change. These are uniters in  our community, and that is what we need more of. Today, we are proud to  recognize Lawrence Eugene Doby as one of those heroes.   