 I thank the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Speaker, for  leading this effort. It is a pleasure for me to share with this body  the benefits Montanans are seeing from tax reform.   It has been 6 months since President Trump signed the Tax Cuts and  Jobs Act into law, and we are already seeing the results. The benefits  of the tax cuts are not a theory. I see it when I meet with Montanans  throughout the State.   Paychecks are growing. Montana businesses are making investments and  creating jobs. In fact, since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into  law, 1 million new jobs have been created. The national unemployment  rate matches the 49-year low, and Montanans' unemployment rate has  dropped. America's economic growth is exceeding expectations.   Hardworking Montanans across the State, whether at the UPS facility  in Missoula, at Big Sky Wholesale Seeds in Shelby, or at the Billings  Flying  [[Page H5084]]  Service, have told me their paychecks have grown thanks to the tax  reform act.   The owner of 11 fast-food restaurants throughout Montana told me in  Great Falls that he was giving his employees a raise and increasing  starting wages for all new employees.   A teacher in Billings in a public school there told me her monthly  paycheck grew by over $130.   Mr. Speaker, certain leaders have described the benefits from tax  reform, whether bonuses or larger paychecks, as just crumbs. They call  them crumbs. Tell that to the teacher in Billings who will keep nearly  $1,600 a year more of her hard-earned money.   According to a recent survey, small business optimism has reached  another record high. That confidence is translating into investments  and more jobs.   The owner of Westland Seed in Ronan reports he is hiring more people  because of tax reform.   At a roundtable discussion about agriculture in Bozeman, a local  farmer and food processor said tax reform contributed to his decision  to double his staff from 6 to 12 employees.   Senior officials at the Boeing facility in Helena indicate they will  add over 20 new employees this year.   Montana small businesses credit tax reform for their decisions to  expand.   At a roundtable with women small-business owners in Bozeman, one  entrepreneur said the new tax policies were a big part of her decision  to launch two new businesses this year.   Other Montana businesses are making investments thanks to tax reform.   Loenbro, a Great Falls industrial construction and manufacturing firm  that employs more than 600, said the tax reform immediately added 15  percent to their bottom line. Tax reform is leading them to increase  worker benefits, enhance training programs, and invest in construction  equipment that will create more jobs.   Billings Flying Service credits the full expensing provision for its  decision to purchase new equipment. The company is also investing in  new research and development for enhanced firefighting equipment   In addition to larger paychecks, increased investment, greater small  business confidence, and more good-paying jobs, more than 87 million  utility customers are seeing lower energy prices.   Utility companies cite tax reform as the reason they are reducing  their rates. Montanans are among those benefiting. According to recent  reports, NorthWestern Energy and Montana-Dakota Utilities have proposed  cutting their rates thanks to the new tax law.   Mr. Speaker, certain leaders in this Chamber warned that the tax cuts  would be Armageddon. I don't know any hardworking Montanans who would  agree that keeping more of their hard-earned money is Armageddon or  that job creation is Armageddon or that small businesses succeeding is  Armageddon or that a lower utility bill is Armageddon.   Tax reform isn't producing crumbs. Tax reform isn't leading to  Armageddon. Mr. Speaker, tax reform is working in Montana.   