 Mr. President, thank you for acknowledging me and letting  me speak on behalf of our nominee to be Secretary of State, Mike  Pompeo.   I did not know Mike Pompeo well. As a matter of fact, I am not sure I  ever met him until he was nominated. I just want to say to the people  in this body, I don't think anybody would view me as an apologist in  any way for the administration, and I view Mike Pompeo as a highly  qualified nominee. I spent a lot of time with him privately and on the  phone. He did, I thought, an excellent job in his hearing.   We have had a tradition of confirming people to important positions.  Just to give a little history, John Kerry was confirmed as Secretary of  State by Republicans and Democrats by a vote of 94 to 3. Obviously,  John Kerry, my friend, no doubt, had been involved in partisan  activities. He ran for President. He is someone, no doubt, who I am  sure has said things people did not agree with.   Secretary Clinton was confirmed as Secretary of State by a vote of 94  to 2--no doubt, the same case. I am sure she said things many  Republicans disagreed with when she was a political person as a U.S.  Senator running for President.   Condoleezza Rice was confirmed to be Secretary of State in a vote of  85 to 13, and Colin Powell was unanimously confirmed as Secretary of  State. So we have had a history of the last Secretaries of State to be  overwhelmingly confirmed.   I realize we are in an atmosphere now where that is just not going to  be the case. I realize that my Democratic friends in many cases feel  that in supporting Pompeo, it is a proxy for support of the Trump  administration policies, which many of them abhor. I understand that.  There will be a few Democrats who I believe will support him.   I want to say to people in this room, our President has very  entrepreneurial tendencies. He talks to people on the phone late at  night. He comes in in the morning sometimes with differing points of  view than he had the day before. We had evidence of that recently on  Syria, where one day, we are going to leave Syria, and the next day,  General Mattis and others intervened, and thankfully we are going to  stay there and complete the work we are doing against ISIS.   I would argue to people here that we need to have someone like Mike  Pompeo, who serves the Nation so well.   This is a person, by the way, who graduated first in his class at the  U.S. Military Academy, West Point, in 1986. He served as a cavalry  officer patrolling the Iron Curtain before the fall of the Berlin Wall.  He also served with the 2nd Squadron, 7th Cavalry, in the U.S. Army's  4th Infantry Division. After leaving Active Duty, Mr. Pompeo graduated  from Harvard Law School, having been editor of the Harvard Law Review.   Sometimes we meet people in life who are just sharper than we are,  who have had an incredible academic background. I can't even imagine  having accomplished some of the things he has accomplished in life.   I know the Presiding Officer served, thankfully. We appreciate that  he served in our military. People who have served in the military  typically have more respect for diplomacy than those who have not  because they understand that their diplomatic effort, if successful, is  the thing that keeps our men and women out of harm's way. They know  that. Pompeo is committed to that. He was there at the Iron Curtain and  understood what diplomacy did to free people and keep conflict from  occurring. I know he is highly committed to that.   We have had cultural issues at the State Department, there is no  question. I think everyone understands that. Our former Secretary of  State is someone with whom I had a good relationship. No doubt there  were some things that were left undone at the State Department. We have  a lot of positions that are unfilled. All I can say is that I know our  nominee is highly committed to promptly filling those positions. We  have some culture issues there as a result. We do, there is no  question. We know that. We acknowledge that.   As head of the CIA, every month Mike Pompeo sits down with CIA  employees in a casual setting where they call him Mike, and they talk  with him about what is going on. He is a person who knows how to build  culture. He has done so at the CIA. He understands the importance of  the professionals who have committed their lives--just like the Foreign  Service officers at the State Department--to the CIA. So we have  someone who I know is going to build culture. We have someone who I  know is committed to diplomacy.   Let's talk about where we are in the world today. We have crises all  over the world. We have issues with North Korea, Syria, Russia,  concerns about some of the things China has done, Pakistan,  Afghanistan, Iraq. Who in the world can possibly know more currently  about where we are than our Director of the CIA? I can't imagine there  is a person in Washington who has more current knowledge about  threats--the people involved in those threats, the people we can use to  help us deal with those threats--than the Director of the CIA. There  could be no one here more qualified or more knowledgeable to step in  immediately and deal with the kinds of issues we have to deal with  around the world.   Look at what has happened in North Korea just recently. We know that  the back channels to North Korea have always been through intelligence.  We understand that. He was exactly the right person to be there to talk  and do the precursor work that needs to be done. Many others need to be  involved--Secretary of Energy, Secretary of Defense; many other people,  obviously--but Director Pompeo was exactly the right person to go and  demonstrate his ability to be dealt with with respect.   I will be leaving this body in 8\1/2\ months. It has been the  greatest privilege of my life to serve here. As I said to my Republican  colleagues yesterday at lunch, I actually think the talent and the  caliber of people here in the Senate have risen since I have been here.  I think we have the best group of Senators today serving in the Senate  that we have had since I have been here. I see a crop of people running  for these seats, and I think it may even improve next time.   It pains me to know that my friends on the other side of the aisle  know that this is a qualified person, this is a person who has  demonstrated incredible  [[Page S2297]]  excellence in his life--he served his country. He has been in the  private sector. He served in this body; he was a Congressman. Now he  has distinguished himself with his service as Director of the CIA. By  the way, in this position, I know many of my Democratic friends have  lavished praise on him because of his transparency and honesty in  dealing with them but also the way he has built an excellent culture  there.   We will have a vote on Monday night in the committee. I hope we are  able to send him out of committee and to the floor. I hope that the  Members on the other side of the aisle who have not yet said how they  are going to vote will think about the circumstances we are in today  and feel that they can support a highly qualified Secretary of State  because they know that having someone like him giving advice to the  President, leading diplomacy, making sure the State Department, with  the great professionals we have there, is given the ability to do what  it does best by leveraging its efforts around the world--I hope that  people will think about this and realize that we are much better as a  nation having Mike Pompeo as Secretary of State than not having him as  Secretary of State and will vote aye on the floor.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   