 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we rise today after a long night last  night--a night that I think could produce some fruits today or tomorrow  or soon, I hope, because, on behalf of the just over 1 million  Montanans and families across this country, and I believe a vast  majority of the people in this body, we need to put this shutdown to an  end.   Folks, whether it be a welder in Butte or a teacher in Billings or a  sugar beet farmer in Sidney or a mill worker in Columbia Falls, they  have all told me, and they will continue to tell me, that this body is  incredibly dysfunctional and that Congress is incredibly dysfunctional.  We ought to break that. We ought to start working together. We ought to  start listening to one another. We shouldn't be taking off the right  side of the Earth nor the left side of the Earth. We should work in the  middle for policies that work for America.   The budget may be the most important of those policies that work for  America. It has been 112 days now since our budget ran out--the end of  September of this year. We have responded to that budget running out by  passing four short-term continuing resolutions, we call them--stop-gap  measures, bandaids, if you will, kicking the can down the road; it is  described by a lot of different methods--to fund the budget. That has  resulted in costing the taxpayers additional dollars and incredible  inefficiencies, and it is caused by the Members of this body not doing  their job and leadership not doing their job.  [[Page S371]]    Enough is enough. We need to roll up our sleeves. We need to work  together. We need to talk. We need to listen to one another. We need to  come to a resolution of this problem.   We can talk about the Children's Health Insurance Program. It is an  incredibly important program, there is no doubt about it, but it has  been held hostage for the last 4 months. I can tell my colleagues that  if it was put on the floor--and it could have been put on the floor at  any time in the last 4 months--it would have passed, I believe,  overwhelmingly by this body. Why? Because kids need it. Families need  it. We are putting, in Montana's case alone, 24,000 kids at risk who do  not have credible care.   The same can be said for our healthcare centers. The same can be said  for the opioid crisis. The same can be said for security on our  northern and southern borders. The same can be said for our military.  The uncertainty we have without a longer budget that goes to the end of  the fiscal year is unacceptable. We all know it. We have been talking  about it for months, but nothing ever comes to the floor to solve it,  except for a continuing resolution, which is not a solution at all, it  is a bandaid.   Last night, I proposed a 72-hour--3-day--extension so the shutdown  wouldn't happen until Monday night so we could work together to  negotiate this deal, to put some pressure on the body to work together  to come up with a deal by Monday night. It seemed reasonable enough to  me. We have been talking about these issues for months, but the  majority leader objected to keeping the government open and pushing  ourselves--driving ourselves to the negotiating table to get something  done.   Look, I have worked in this body with a number of folks on my side of  the aisle and on the other side of the aisle, and we have had success.  I bring this up often because Johnny Isakson is an incredibly good  chairman of the Veterans' Affairs Committee. I happen to be the ranking  member. Johnny Isakson and I work well together. We don't always agree,  but from the very beginning, we have agreed to put what we disagree on  off to the side and work on what we agree on. What has transpired is a  record number of votes on tough issues coming out of the Veterans  Affairs' Committee. Why? Because we are working for the veterans, and  that is what we need to be doing here. We should not be working for a  political party. We should not be posturing ourselves for the next  election. We should not be putting working families and businesses at  risk. We should be working together to make a difference for this  country with a long-term funding bill that addresses a number of issues  which have all been laid on the table, from healthcare to opioids, to  pensions, to our military, to border security--the list goes on, but it  is a list we can work with. We know what needs to be done. We need to  quit playing games.    One of the people I have incredible respect for in this body who has  what I believe uncommon common sense is the Senator from Maine. Senator  King and I visit, oftentimes off the floor, and we talk about our  frustrations with this body because it doesn't have to be this way. We  can get things done if we work together. I am hoping Senator King can  explain to me why we continue to have a budget that doesn't work for  the American people, that continues to be a patchwork of month-by-month  or week-by-week continuing resolutions and what we need to do to fix  it.    I thank Senator King for the question.   Last night, as we approached midnight, I got an email from one of my  good friends in Montana who is in the business of agriculture. He is a  rancher in North Central Montana, actually on the Rocky Mount front. He  said: Why does this have to happen?   My comment to him was that continuing resolutions don't work well for  this country. They cost taxpayers a bunch of money, and they don't give  folks the kind of predictability in their government that they elected  us to give them.   I am with the Senator. I voted for the continuing resolutions--the  one that extended it to December 1 and then the next one, which went to  I believe December 19. At that moment in time, I thought, well,  Christmas is looming, and we will come to an agreement, and if not, we  will just stay here throughout the Christmas break and do it because it  is that important.   I believe strongly in my family, and I love to be there, and I was  there for Christmas, but the truth is, this job here is critically  important for the whole country, and we need to do our job.   The motion for yet another CR from December 19--to move it to January  19 came up, and I held my nose and I voted for it. At that time, I  said: I am not going to do this again. In that month between December  19 through January 19, we were supposed to have worked out a deal.  Guess what happened. There was no deal worked out. Now we are back in  exactly the same place.   What Senator King said is exactly correct. What are we going to know  in February that we don't know now? The point is, nothing additional is  going to be added to the equation. We all know what it is--deals with  border security, the military, healthcare issues, pensions, opioids,  and a budget that goes until the end of September, which is the end of  the fiscal year for this country--but it is simply not going to happen  unless we get folks working together again.   Look, the Republicans have majorities in the House and the Senate.  They control the Presidency and the White House. I am telling you, if  the floor leader doesn't provide the kind of leadership that we need to  get to a point where we address the issues that are important to this  country, we will never address the issues, and we will continue to have  continuing resolution after continuing resolution.    So what I would ask is that folks from both sides lock themselves in  a room. The two leaders, lock themselves in the room. Ultimately, that  is what it is going to come down to, to come to an agreement that works  for this country and gives predictability over the long haul.   I happen to be on the Appropriations Committee. We are going to be  starting to work on the fiscal year 2019 budget, and we are not even  done with the 2018 budget because of these continuing resolutions.   So I would tell Senator King that the people of Montana are  frustrated. They want to see their government work better. What are the  folks in Maine telling you?    I think that is what the whole country wants us to do.   The Senator brought up the point that if this body were all one party  and they all thought the same, it might be easier. But it would be a  lot worse. The truth is, diversity of thought is important. Talking  with people, getting compromise, and finding the middle ground is what  built this country. That is what built America. We need to look at  those principles when we move forward on a bill like this.   Ten days ago, I was at the White House. Senator Durbin was there.  There were about two dozen folks, between the House and the Senate,  from both parties. We saw the President more focused than I have ever  seen him before. He said: You bring us a bill on the issue of  immigration, and I will sign it. I will be the bad guy, he said. I will  sign it. There is a bipartisan group here who got together and did  that, and then he said no.   So the Senator is exactly right. The White House--the President--has  to provide the kind of leadership and assurance to know that he is not  just going to say no, that he will take yes for an answer. I think it  is very, very important moving forward.   Look, we are at a moment in time where everybody looks at us, and I  think we have single-digit approval ratings--probably lower than that  now after last night. America is saying: Come on, guys. It doesn't have  to be like this. You need to work together.   Everybody needs to work together and come together and come up with  something that works for America, that solves the problems that are  there. That is what I ask of this body today. We all say basically the  same thing, so let's just do it. Let's put the bill together, let's  bring it to the floor, and let's vote and get it done.    Mr. President, I yield the floor.   