 Mr. Speaker, ending DACA would be a nightmare for  Dreamers. In fact, it would be a nightmare for businesses and a  nightmare for America's economy.   You would think that that statement may have been said by the  advocates for immigration rights or maybe by some of the faith-based  groups that support immigration. But it wasn't. It was said by the U.S.  Chamber of Commerce, Mr. Speaker, and that is so because DACA-eligible  workers contribute $1.4 billion in Federal taxes, $2 billion in Social  Security taxes, and $470 million in Medicare every single year.   So this statement on its face we would think was made by folks who  have traditionally supported immigration rights was made by the U.S.  Chamber of Commerce, the one entity that is really concerned about  economic growth, job creation, and the well-being of our economy.   Ranking Member Nydia Velazquez's report on the impact of DACA on  small businesses found that deporting Dreamers will cost $60 billion  and reduce economic growth by $280 billion, including $460 billion in  economic output over a decade. So this is the dramatic impact that not  resolving DACA and not bringing help to the Dreamers will have on our  Nation.    Mr. Speaker, when we look into the eyes of these Dreamers, we just  can't say no to them. You can't say no to a young person full of  aspirations, full of dreams, and still full of so much hope for our  Nation. Even under these very critical and challenging times for our  Nation and the world, these Dreamers are full of aspirations.   So the question will be: Are we a nation of aspirations or a nation  of deportation?   Nearly 8 in 10 voters support allowing Dreamers to remain permanently  in our country. In red States and blue States, in Republican majority  districts and Democratic districts, over 80 percent of Americans feel  that these young people should stay in our Nation. Even three-quarters  of Trump voters and only 14 percent believe that they should be forced  out. Only 14 percent of our Nation feels that these young people should  be kicked out, thrown out in the cold--only 14 percent. A very small  minority of Americans believe that that should be what we do.   Ninety-one percent of DACA recipients younger than 25 are employed.  They are no burden on our economy. Those who are over 25 years old have  been employed at a rate of 93 percent. Ninety-three percent of DACA  recipients over 25 years old are working residents of our Nation with  an average earning of $36,000.   Dreamers are students, teachers, healthcare workers, devoted members  of our communities, members of our Armed Forces, and first responders.  That is who Dreamers are. They are not a load on our country. As we saw  in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, it was a Dreamer who made food  and volunteered to set up beds for thousands of Americans who were  displaced. Jesus Contreras, a Dreamer and a paramedic, worked as a  first responder for 6 days straight after the hurricane.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote against the previous  question so that we can immediately bring the Dream Act to the floor  and stand with our Nation's Dreamers.   