 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business for 10 minutes.    Mr. President, I rise to discuss the impact that tax  reform is having in my home State of Arkansas.   Despite what you may have heard from those who opposed the Tax Cuts  and Jobs Act, including House Minority Leader Pelosi's infamous  description of the tax plan's benefits as ``crumbs'' and the passage of  the plan as ``the end of the world, Armageddon,'' the economy is  responding incredibly well to the changes we made to the Tax Code.   I have long believed our economy has struggled under the weight of an  outdated, inefficient, and ineffective tax system. Now, businesses are  beginning to do the math and are realizing that the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act will mean more savings. As a result, many have announced they are  passing some of these savings on to their employees or will now be  seeking to grow and expand operations.   As of today, more than 350 companies have announced pay raises,  bonuses and/or 401(k) increases, benefiting over 4 million Americans.  According to a recent National Federation of Independent Business  survey, 32 percent of small businesses believe now is a good time to  expand--the highest level ever recorded by this survey.   This is happening across the country and in Arkansas. Here are just a  few examples of the companies headquartered in Arkansas, with a sizable  presence in the State, that are passing along savings to their  employees through wage increases, bonuses, and other benefits, are  giving to charity, and/or making investments to grow their businesses  and better serve customers:   BancorpSouth Bank is giving pay increases and/or one-time bonuses to  nearly all noncommissioned employees. The investment of over $10  million in 2018 will benefit 96 percent of the company's  noncommissioned workforce. Pay increases were effective as of January  1, 2018.   Home Bancshares, Inc., of Conway, AR, is distributing a one-time  bonus of $500 to more than 850 full-time, tenured employees. Home  Bancshares' chairman, John Allison, said ``investing in these  individuals is an important step to help support them, their families  and the communities in which we operate.''   People's Bank of Magnolia, AR, provided a $500 bonus to employees and  contributed $50,000 to its charitable endowment.   Little Rock, Arkansas-based Bank of the Ozarks is giving up to $1,200  annual bonuses. Approximately 2,300 employees will be eligible under  the plan.   Walmart, whose headquarters is located in Bentonville, AR, is a  significant economic force not only in our State but nationwide, is  increasing starting hourly wage rates in the United States to $11 an  hour, expanding maternity and parental leave benefits, and providing  one-time cash bonuses of up to $1,000. It also has created a new  benefit to assist associates with adoption expenses.   Regions Bank is increasing its minimum wage to $15, contributing $40  million to the company's charitable foundation, and increasing the  company's capital expenditures budget by approximately $100 million, or  50 percent over the 2017 level.   Springdale, AR, is home to Tyson Foods' headquarters. The company  recently announced that it is giving bonuses to more than 100,000  employees whose compensation does not include an annual bonus. Eligible  full-time team members will receive a bonus of $1,000, and eligible  part-time team members will receive $500.   In addition, Tyson will use savings resulting from tax reform to  improve training and education opportunities for employees, including  teaching English as a second language and general education development  classes, and it will also be accelerating capital projects.   FedEx, whose freight headquarters is located in Arkansas and which  employs over 3,500 Arkansans, is investing more than $3.2 billion in  growing its business, including raising wages and investing $1.5  billion in pension plans.   Finally, UPS is investing $12 billion to expand the company's Smart  Logistics Network, and it also made a $5 billion tax-qualified  contribution to the company's three UPS-sponsored U.S. pension plans.  This represents about $13,000 per participant. The company has more  than 2,200 active employees in Arkansas in addition to around 390  retirees who reside in the State.   The numbers speak for themselves. Clearly, when Washington helps to  create an environment that makes businesses more globally competitive,  it benefits Arkansas, and it benefits the entire country.   The law is already helping hard-working Arkansans keep more of their  money in their own pockets. By nearly doubling the standard deduction,  lowering rates, eliminating loopholes, and creating a climate that  incentivizes business to boost wages and give employees bonuses as a  result of the reduction in the corporate tax rate, the Tax Cuts and  Jobs Act is providing much needed tax relief to Arkansans.   Additionally, our Governor, Asa Hutchinson, has instructed the  Arkansas Public Service Commission to examine how the new lower tax  rates will benefit utility providers in Arkansas. He is encouraging the  commission to instruct utilities to pass savings down to ratepayers,  which could mean possible lower utility rates for those in the Natural  State.   That is not all. Arkansas-based companies like ArcBest and Murphy USA  are already reaping the benefits of the new tax system with higher  revenues and incomes.   This is only the beginning. I believe we will continue to see  positive trends and reactions to the tax law that will help grow our  economy and spur even more investment in Arkansas and across the  country.   One provision included in the law that I believe can have an enormous  impact on average Arkansans is a new incentive for employers to offer  paid family leave benefits to their employees. Now employers can offer  12 weeks of paid family leave in exchange for a tax credit.   My friend and colleague from Nebraska Senator Fischer fought to get  this idea included in the bill. Thanks to her vision and perseverance,  families in Arkansas and across the country who most need access to  this type of benefit will now have that chance. This is just one more  example of tax reform delivering results that will help the middle  class.   I want to reiterate how well tax reform is working for my State. We  are seeing growth, higher wages, and other positive benefits. Employees  are getting bigger paychecks and businesses are investing in their  workforces and  [[Page S1212]]  expanding their operations. Those are not ``crumbs.'' It is ``not  Armageddon.'' It isn't an attack on working Americans. It is  opportunity, it is upward mobility, and it is what Americans deserve. I  am proud to have cast my vote for tax reform.   Learning about how it is helping our economy and benefiting American  families just confirms what we predicted would happen if we made  American businesses more competitive and let average individuals and  families keep more of what they earn.   Moving forward, I am committed to ensuring that the changes we made  to the Tax Code help increase economic activity and spur growth,  address our national debt, and create jobs. I am confident it will have  lasting, positive effects on our economy.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  resume legislative session for a period of morning business, with  Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of H. Con. Res. 103, which was  received from the House.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of H. Con. Res. 107, which was  received from the House.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on  Tuesday, February 27; further, that following the prayer and pledge,  the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be  approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their  use later in the day, and morning business be closed. I further ask  that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session  and resume consideration of the Branch nomination; finally, that the  Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. and that all time during  recess, adjournment, morning business, and leader remarks count  postcloture on the Branch nomination.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order.   There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:41 p.m., adjourned until  Tuesday, February 27, 2018, at 10 a.m.   