 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  3326, the World Bank Accountability Act. I would like to thank the  chairman of the Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade, Mr. Andy  Barr, for his hard work on this piece of legislation and for his  leadership on this important issue.   H.R. 3326 passed through the Financial Services Committee  unanimously, with an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote of 60-0.   Mr. Chair, right now, the World Bank's International Development  Association, IDA, is an irresponsible benefactor for the world's  neediest nations. At the core of my concerns within the World Bank, I  take great issue with the Bank's offering employee incentives for  approving new loans. The Bank, itself, has even documented that they  harvest a culture that encourages loan volume rather than approval  based on merit and approval based on need.   H.R. 3326 will help eliminate these illogical incentives at the World  Bank that prioritize pushing money out the door rather than delivering  authentic and helpful solutions.   In addition to mass lending from the Bank, careless lending is  equally disconcerting and has made it easier for corrupt regimes to  abuse their citizens and exploit the money for terrorism-related  efforts. To address this issue, H.R. 3326 ensures that the World Bank  cannot approve funds for a country that has been classified by the  United States as a state sponsor of terrorism, and it demands that the  U.S. decline Bank loans to countries that knowingly fail to impose U.N.  Security Council sanctions against the North Korean regime.   Additionally, this bill will encourage improvements within the World  Bank by withholding up to 30 percent of future appropriations for the  World Bank's IDA until the Treasury reports that the Bank has  undertaken meaningful reforms in order to combat corruption, strengthen  management accountability, and undermine violent extremism. By passing  this legislation, we require the World Bank to put more faith in free  enterprise as opposed to corrupt regimes that abuse the poor.   If the World Bank is serious about helping those who need it most, it  should make certain that borrowing governments are committed to the  welfare of their citizens. The World Bank has been slipping through the  cracks far too long, and it is time to implement meaningful and lasting  reforms.  [[Page H445]]    Once again, I commend Representative Barr for introducing this  necessary legislation. I encourage the House to follow the Financial  Services Committee's lead by passing H.R. 3326.   In God we trust.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Foster), the senior member of the  Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade of the Financial Services  Committee.   