 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the  pending legislation before our body.   Madam Speaker, I would like to take a moment to thank the gentleman  from West Virginia as well as my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle for their support and their articulation of the legislation and  the need for this legislation. I would, in particular, like to thank my  good colleague Paul Tonko from New York, on the other side of the  aisle, for working with us in a bipartisan way to get this legislation  to reauthorize the West Valley Nuclear Site Reauthorization Act into  law.   Madam Speaker, this legislation will provide clarity, additional  steps that we can take, and give clarity to our area of New York that  is impacted by this nuclear waste site, the folks who are working there  on a day-in, day-out basis.   I have been to this site, Madam Speaker, multiple times. I have met  with the managers of this site; I have met with the employees of this  site; and they have worked tirelessly over the years to clean up this  nuclear waste and this threat to our environment and to our  communities, and I applaud their efforts.   Madam Speaker, I can attest to, firsthand, seeing the fruits of the  work that have been done over the years that they have tended to West  Valley and the surrounding community in order to address the threat  from nuclear waste that exists there.   As we go forward, many years are still ahead of us in regard to the  efforts to clean up that nuclear waste legacy that is located in our  district in West Valley, New York. This legislation will give us  clarity as to a future path that will be followed in order for us to  continue the successful work there.   Madam Speaker, I encourage all Members to join us in supporting this  legislation that will do great work to make sure that our environment  is protected and that the legacy obligations of us as a government are  attended to for a local community that is dealing with this issue.   Madam Speaker, to the Department of Energy and all the folks who work  there, we say thank you.   I would like to thank, in particular, not only the Energy and  Commerce Committee members, their staffs, but also the folks in our  local community, such as Town of Ashford Supervisor Charles Davis and  the local citizens task force that spent hours, upon days, upon years  attending to this issue in their unwavering support in standing with us  as we move forward on this legislation.   Madam Speaker, to West Valley Deputy General Manager Scott Anderson:  Keep up the good work, and together we will clean up this site once and  for all.   Madam Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to support this legislation.   