 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a simple limitation  amendment. No funds made available by this act may be used to purchase  heavy water from the Islamic Republic of Iran.   Why are we doing this? Iran is the world's leading state sponsor of  terrorism, fomenting discord all across the Middle East, funding Hamas  in the Gaza Strip and Hezbollah in Lebanon while supporting the Houthis  in Yemen.   Iran provided deadly, military-grade explosives to militias in Iraq,  killing hundreds of American servicemembers during Operation Iraqi  Freedom. Iran has never been held accountable for that. They still have  major control over portions of Iraq, and the Shiite militias they back  are running rampant.   Furthermore, we know that Iran is working to be the key outside  player in Syria in an effort to expand control from the Persian Gulf to  the Mediterranean Sea.   As you know, the JCPOA was effectively an Obama executive agreement,  never ratified by Congress or enacted into law. It was sold using lies  and propaganda, and it provided Iran with an economic lifeline. It  provided Iran with $150 billion in sanctions relief and even airlifted  $1.7 billion in cold, hard cash to Tehran.   Just yesterday, we learned that the Obama administration secretly  granted a license authorizing the conversion of Iranian assets worth  billions of U.S. dollars using the U.S. financial system despite  repeated assurances to the public and Congress that Iran would not be  granted access to the U.S. financial system.   The Obama administration continually offered gratuitous concessions  to Iran that went beyond even the unilateral concessions contained in  the Iran deal.   And that is where this heavy water limitation amendment comes in. The  Obama administration was using tax dollars to purchase heavy water from  Iran. That is money over and above what the Iran deal provided. And  that damage has been significant.   Now, President Trump has withdrawn the U.S. from the JCPOA. My  amendment, though, is simple. We just should not use tax dollars to  subsidize Iran's nuclear activities through the purchase of heavy  water.   I don't think the President would want to do that, but I think it is  important that we continue with this in  [[Page H4955]]  law, which we have had now for over a year. I think it will ensure that  the mistakes of the past are not repeated.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to close.   I just urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the amendment. It has  been in law before. We have passed it out of this House 2 years in a  row. We should do it again.   I yield back the balance of my time.   