 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  5447, the Music Modernization Act, a bipartisan bill that will finally  update our Nation's copyright laws and correct a terrible injustice  that threatens the future of quality music.   Music has changed, perhaps, more than any other industry over the  past 50 years. When the Copyright Act of 1976 was signed into law, most  people got their music on a vinyl record. I still like vinyl, I might  add. Today, you can instantly stream music to your phone from any  number of services at the touch of a button. That Copyright Act might  have been what was needed at the time, but it never could have  anticipated the radical shift in how music was consumed over the past,  even in the last 10 years.    For far too long, hardworking songwriters have been penalized under  the old system and have been paid only pennies on the dollar for their  creative works, even though their songs may have been streamed millions  of times every second around the world.   Garth Brooks' iconic song, ``The Dance,'' has been streamed tens of  millions of times; and the songwriter, Tony Arata, who wrote that  beautiful song, was paid a few hundred dollars. That is ridiculous, and  it is wrong.   Under the current system, the creative geniuses that write this music  won't be able to make a living doing what they love doing, which is  writing great songs. The Music Modernization Act seeks to fix this  discrepancy and properly recognize the hard work these songwriters put  into their craft before they simply stop writing music because they can  no longer earn enough money to survive.   As a musician myself, I understand what songwriters and performers go  through when getting a song out for the world to hear, and it is time  we recognize the contributions the songwriters make to the creative  process. This bill was supported by the entire music industry:  songwriters, record labels, music publishers, streaming services, just  to name a few. It isn't often that we have a truly bipartisan and  widely supported piece of legislation to consider, but with this bill,  we have the opportunity and can change the lives of some of our  Nation's most talented people for the better.   I strongly support H.R. 5447 and encourage all of my colleagues to  listen to their favorite song one more time before coming to the floor  and think of the person who wrote it, think about what it means, then  support this bill and truly make a difference in someone's life.   