 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. Johnson for yielding, and I  thank her for her leadership on this bill.   I rise in support of this bipartisan legislation that will make a  significant national commitment to the field of quantum science and  engineering, which is critical for our global scientific and  technological leadership.   While the benefits of quantum technology may still be a ways off,  there is fierce international competition in this field, most notably  from China, and we can't afford to waste any time. It is through  strategic investments like this that we became the world's economic  scientific and technology leader, and we can only maintain that  position through continuing significant investment in cutting-edge  basic research.   We already know that other countries are increasing their investments  in quantum technology, in some cases guided by long-term strategies,  and this bill will make sure that we develop a coherent strategy of our  own.   This bill is a bright spot in what is otherwise a long, downward  trend in Federal R&D funding as a percentage of GDP. Much as today's  unbalanced budget leads to future debt problems, today's  underinvestment in R&D leads to future innovation deficits.   I commend my colleagues from both parties for working together to  bring this important bill to the floor, but we want to be clear that  this is just a first step. We need to double down on our efforts and to  reprioritize Federal research and development.   I want to highlight and commend an organization that is a leader in  the field of quantum information science and engineering and that made  significant contributions to this bill. The Chicago Quantum Exchange is  a partnership between the University of Chicago, Argonne National  Laboratory, and Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory.   I want to thank Chairman Weber for bringing the Science, Space, and  Technology Committee's Subcommittee on Energy out to Argonne and Fermi  earlier this year. He spoke about some of the great work that they are  doing there.   The Chicago Quantum Exchange was created to develop and grow  interdisciplinary collaboration for the exploration and development of  new quantum-enabled technologies and to help educate a new generation  of quantum information scientists and engineers.   Partnership with the private sector is also an important element of  the exchange. The Chicago Quantum Exchange serves as both an excellent  model for the Multidisciplinary Centers for Quantum Research and  Education envisioned in this bill and for what the future of R&D and  quantum information science will look like.   Finally, I want to thank Chairman Smith for his leadership on this  bill and for working with us to make this a good, bipartisan piece of  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   