 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in support of the First Amendment free  speech rights of pro-life pregnancy centers across the Nation. I want  to thank my colleagues, Congressman  Andy Harris as well as Congressman  Doug LaMalfa, for leading this Special Order this evening.   Mr. Speaker, our Declaration of Independence proclaims that life,  liberty, and the pursuit of happiness are God-given rights of all  people. If we truly believe that, then we must be consistent that the  right to life is inherent for every person, born or unborn.   National Institute of Family and Life Advocates v. Becerra is a case  before the Supreme Court that centers on the right of free speech of  pro-life licensed medical centers. Under California's State law, these  centers are forced to violate their conscientious objections and post  written advertisements for free or low-cost abortions subsidized by the  State.   I would ask: What could be more deeply offensive to any person who  shares the strongly held belief that abortion takes innocent lives?   I believe that this unjust law violates First Amendment protections  under our Constitution, and the ramifications of this Court decision  will be felt across the Nation.   There are nearly a dozen crisis pregnancy centers in central  Washington State, and most are in the Fourth Congressional District,  which I represent. Life Choices Pregnancy Medical Center in Yakima,  which I recently visited, is a pregnancy medical center that provides  pregnancy testing, medical consultation, STD testing, and adoption  referrals for expectant mothers.   Crisis pregnancy centers exist to support mothers, fathers, and their  children. Many provide free material resources for young families and  ongoing parental support. These centers exist to further the progress  and protection of innocent life.   I signed onto the amicus brief supporting NIFLA with more than 140  colleagues because States do not have the right to force private  individuals or entities to compel speech that violates their  conscience.   I am proud of the House of Representatives' work to protect the  sanctity of life, such as the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection  Act, which I supported, to ensure that children who survive an abortion  or an attempted abortion are given proper medical treatment. Today I  stand with my colleagues to be a voice for the voiceless and to stand  for the right of free speech of all who believe in the sanctity of  life.   