 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution condemning San  Francisco for allowing noncitizens to vote in local elections.   I want you to imagine for 1 minute that you are an immigrant to this  country. You came here the right way. You followed all the rules. And  after years of anticipation, after improving your English, passing your  citizenship test, declaring your allegiance to the United States and  renouncing your allegiance to foreign powers, finally, you are  naturalized as an American citizen.   In that moment, you undergo a change. You have known many leaders in  the past, but in that moment George Washington is your Founding Father.  You have experienced many hardships, but suddenly Valley Forge is your  winter. The Declaration is your inspiration, and the Constitution is  your inheritance. Lincoln is your liberator. Electricity, skyscrapers,  and flight are your heritage. The GIs of D-day are your heroes. Martin  Luther King, Jr., spoke of your dreams. The Moon bears your flag, and  our future is your future.   Imagine, again, that you are this immigrant. What do you feel the  first time you step into a polling place?   Actually, we don't need to imagine, because we know of so many  naturalized citizens who have come here, played by the rules, and  earned their citizenship. I have talked to many of these Americans.  They describe casting their first vote as one of the proudest moments  of their lives. In that moment, they are reminded that they have become  Americans, with all the rights and responsibilities of Americans.   Unfortunately, a handful of cities in our country are short- circuiting the legal path to citizenship. In the process, they are  devaluing the very concept of citizenship itself.   These cities--Chicago, Cambridge, and, most recently, San Francisco-- allow noncitizens to vote in local elections. That includes illegal  immigrants who broke our laws when they entered our country.   And not only that, noncitizen voting actually dilutes the votes and  voices of law-abiding Americans, including naturalized citizens. If you  are an American citizen in one of these cities, your vote in local  elections counts less now than it did before. You can thank your local  politicians for that.   But that isn't my ultimate concern with noncitizens voting.  Ultimately, I am concerned about the message that this practice sends  about American citizenship itself.   Ask yourself: Does the concept of citizenship mean anything? Does it  grant a person special consideratio in the eyes of our government? Does  it impose upon him or her special duties or obligations?    Sadly, too many of our elites and even our politicians have trouble  answering these questions. But for the rest of us, American citizenship  still resonates as a source of significance, purpose, and identity.   We know that citizenship has a meaning, that borders have a purpose,  and that sovereignty is an imperative. Precisely because we believe  these things, we have to look out for our fellow Americans while  guarding our elections against all outside interference. That is why I  have introduced a resolution condemning efforts to allow noncitizens to  vote in our elections.   American citizenship means something special. Just ask any  naturalized citizen. They will tell you about it.   I urge my colleagues to stand with me in protecting the right to vote  for every American citizen of legal age and rejecting all outside and  foreign interference in our elections.   Citizenship means something. It means something to become an  American. And today, I hope this body understands that and stands  united in condemning a devaluing of citizenship.   