 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise to honor the life of my friend Elder  Von G. Keetch, legal counsel and leader in the Church of Jesus Christ  of Latter-day Saints. His passing on Friday evening was sudden and  unexpected, and I wish to extend my condolences to his family during  this difficult time.   Elder Keetch served as a general authority and executive director of  the LDS Church's Public Affairs Department. He helped to shape  community and government relations for the church as a recognized  expert in constitutional law. His career was devoted to defending  religious liberty for all religious institutions. His insight was  particularly salient during this ever-changing world. As his daughter  Steffani Keetch Dastrup said, ``He wanted to defend and support all  churches and all religious beliefs and all people's rights to believe  and act the way they feel is right. That was a big part of his work.''   I consider it a privilege to have worked alongside Elder Keetch over  the past several years. I was able to witness firsthand the love he had  for his wife, the pride he had in his children, and the devotion he had  for the Gospel of Jesus Christ. I am grateful for his guidance, for his  counsel, and for his friendship.   His humble expertise and kind demeanor will be sorely missed by all  those who knew him. His legacy of faith and love will bless his family  for generations to come.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Arizona.    Mr. President, I rise with great sadness to remember  Edward Lorenzen, who, along with his 4-year-old son Michael, perished  this weekend in a house fire.   Ed was invaluable to my staff during last year's tax reform debate.  The Washington Post honored his contributions to Congress, saying:  ``Quietly and intelligently, Mr. Lorenzen provided objective, reliable  fiscal information, even--or especially--when facts and figures were  the last thing wishful thinkers in Washington [or the government]  wanted to face.''   The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, where Ed served as a  senior adviser, said: ``He was a brilliant budget mind--his guidance  and expertise is a void that cannot be filled.''   The committee also remembered his deep love for his children, saying:  ``We worked every day with a kind, loving man who cherished his three  kids, bringing them to the office on occasion and lighting up in their  presence and at the sound of their names.''   I cannot imagine the grief Ed and Michael's family and loved ones  face. I would like to extend my deepest sympathies to them during this  difficult time. May we all hold our families a little closer today.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, as we continue the debate on the issue of  immigration as it relates to providing a permanent solution to those  young immigrants who benefited from the Deferred Action for Childhood  Arrivals, or DACA, the scope of this debate has expanded to include  other issues.   Some of these issues are directly related to the DACA issue,  including persistent concerns on our southern border, like improving  barriers and border access roads, providing hiring and retention  incentives for Customs and Border Protection personnel to ensure that  all locations on the border remain secure. Other things being debated,  like changes to legal immigration levels, truly need their own debate.   Some appear to have seized on this as an opportunity to push forth an  agenda aimed at limiting the future flow of legal immigration. Before  this idea gains any steam, we have to fully discuss and debate its  potentially enormous impact on our economy. It is easy for some to see  unemployed Americans and point to immigrants as a scapegoat. To suggest  that every immigrant who passes through our borders represents a job  being pried from the hands of an American citizen is farfetched, at  best.   After taking the time to actually examine the facts, the  shortsightedness of this thinking is exposed. For example, cleaving the  number of new legal immigrants by almost 50 percent--which is what the  White House proposal appears to envision over time--would initially  reduce the overall rate of economic growth in the United States by an  estimated 12.5 percent when compared to currently projected levels  through 2045. This is because labor force growth is one of the most  important factors tied to economic growth. More troubling, these  changes in legal immigration would come just as the aging U.S.  population increases our dependence on a growing workforce.   Some have suggested that legal immigrants represent some sort of drag  on government resources. In fact, the National Academy of Sciences  estimates that the average immigrant contributes, in net present value  terms, $92,000 more in taxes than they receive in benefits over their  lifetime.   We can only expect these numbers to increase as we move to a kind of  merit or employment-based system. I should note that in the bipartisan  approach in 2015, we did restrict the number of family-based visas. I  think it was from a total of 75 percent of legal immigration, we moved  it down to 50 percent from family-based visas. At that same time, what  we did was reallocate those visas to merit-based or employment-based  visas so we wouldn't have an overall drop in legal immigration.   To look into the future of what happens when the philosophy of  limiting legal immigration takes hold, we need to look no further than  the current economic struggles Japan is having. In a timely piece by  Fred Hiatt in the Washington Post this last Sunday, he points out that  Japan's population of 127 million is forecast to shrink by one-third  over the next half century. The increase in lifespans coupled with a  decrease in fertility is projected to lead to near-stagnant economic  growth, reduced innovation, labor shortages, and huge pressure on  entitlements and pensions in Japan.   These disastrous realities facing Japan are the direct result of that  nation's historically low level of immigrants. As Hiatt astutely points  out, ``You can be pro-growth. You can be anti-immigration. But  honestly, you can't be both.''   Legal immigration policy is complicated, but it is important, and it  is worth debating this reform on its own. There may be a strong  appetite for merit-based immigration, but rather than drastically  cutting legal and necessary immigration flows, we need to work together  to provide a way for the best and brightest to make it to the United  States, both for their benefit and ours.   Let's not be lured into thinking that legal immigration is some kind  of simplistic zero-sum game that can be easily reformed without  consequence. During the last administration, many of us rejected the  new normal of low economic growth driven by overregulation and  irrational tax policy. It would be a supreme irony if we were to fix  those anti-growth fiscal and regulatory policies only to counteract  them with immigration restrictions that affect our workforce.   Let's give this important and complex issue the time for discussion,  analysis, and debate it deserves and not shoehorn it into a DACA fix.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Vermont.   