 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Massachusetts for  yielding.   Yesterday, the University of Central Florida in Orlando had a unique  student body president election. The candidates were Karen Caudillo, my  constituent, and Josh Bolona, both Dreamers, beneficiaries of the  Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Act. They ran on a platform of  justice and equality, and so did I. Today we celebrate Josh Bolona's  victory on becoming UCF's first Dreamer student body president.   So what a sad backdrop we have here today. President Trump declared  victory for getting $1.6 billion to start his wall in a tweet late last  night--$1.6 billion to start Trump's wall. So his wall gets funding,  but our Dreamers get left behind. How can I, in good conscience, go  home to my constituents and explain this?   I wonder aloud: When will our Dreamers be the priority? When will it  be their time to shine? When will they have their moment of  opportunity, a reprieve from worrying and from looking over their  shoulders every day?   Mr. Speaker, when will the waiting finally stop for them and the  living begin? When will the Dreamers finally get to dream?   Every week for 198 days, we have come here to ask our colleagues for  their consideration of the bipartisan Dream Act. I remind you of that  because it has been 198 days since the President put hundreds of  thousands of Dreamers at risk of losing their jobs, careers, their  families, and everything they have worked for their entire lives. Many  take solace in a court injunction issued in California and New York.   As a lawyer, I can tell you these Dreamers are hanging by a thread.  They are one adverse ruling away from oblivion.   What about the over 1 million Dreamers who are not part of the case?  Those young people who would be entering the program, the young sisters  and the young brothers of Dreamers who are in the DACA program and  those Dreamers who did not apply out of concern and out of a mistrust  they had for giving their information to a Federal Government that has  turned their back on them? They would have no quarter under these  injunctions and no rest. They have no peace.   Why can't we, once and for all, come together to give these deserving  young patriots who embody our deepest values the opportunity to earn  their citizenship, hardworking patriots like Josh, Karen, and hundreds  of thousands of others who will have contributed an estimated $460  billion to the U.S. economy over the next decade? These young people  are making positive and significant contributions to the economic  growth of our country which benefits all of us.    Mr. Speaker, I know my colleagues across the aisle don't  want deportation of Dreamers on their hands, so why not do something  now, at this moment, at this time? Why not pass a law that would  permanently allow these young people to build a life here, to graduate  from college, to start a new business, and to show their immense  gratitude to a country that gave them a chance?   Today we have the opportunity to uphold our values and pass the Dream  Act so that these Dreamers and the millions of people who swore to  represent them aren't worrying and wondering any longer. We are asking  for one vote, just one vote, that will keep whole our principles and  ideals and allow these young people to pursue the American Dream.   So for the 26th time in 198 days, I ask my colleagues to vote against  the previous question so that we can immediately bring the Dream Act to  the floor and provide certainty for Dreamers like Karen and Josh who  want to continue to work, live, and contribute to the only country they  love and the only country they have ever known. I cannot afford to wait  another day, nor can they.   