 Mr. President, I thank my colleague for letting us come  down to talk about the trumped-up healthcare prices in America. It is  trumped up because the prices are going up specifically because of the  policies of President Trump and his team. The sabotage is at full  speed.   Long before the sabotage occurred, in 2017, here on the floor of the  Senate, we had five different versions of trying to wipe out healthcare  for American citizens. They varied in range from wiping out healthcare  for 22 million Americans to wiping out healthcare for 30 million  Americans.   How is it that in a ``we the people'' republic, people can come down  here and vote to wipe out healthcare for millions of people across this  country? Quite simply, we have a team in power that believes in  government by and for the powerful and the rich. They have healthcare,  so they don't care about the rest of us, but we should be here fighting  for the ordinary citizen in America. What is more important to peace of  mind than the knowledge that if your loved one gets sick or injured,  they will get the healthcare they need and you will not go bankrupt in  the  [[Page S3889]]  process? That is why this is so important to Americans.   Just by a little bit, just by a thin, one-vote margin, we defeated  those efforts to destroy healthcare last year, in 2017. We thought,  thank goodness the people have triumphed for once in this Chamber. But  no sooner than that occurred, then we had a tax bill--a tax bill that  itself was written by and for the wealthy and well connected rather  than the people. It borrows $1.5 trillion and gives most of it to the  wealthiest of Americans.   Embedded in that terrible assault on the finances of America, that  terrible failure to address the fundamentals of things that enable  families to thrive--healthcare, education, living-wage jobs, and good  housing--embedded in that was pulling the plug on the insurance pools.  What does that mean? It means that the healthiest can jump out of the  pool, and when they do that, they leave sicker people, and the price  goes up. The price goes up, so more of the healthy people jump out of  the pool, and the price goes up. This is known as the insurance death  spiral. For ordinary citizens, it is known as double-digit increases in  the cost of your healthcare policies brought by these Republicans and  Donald Trump with this deliberate effort of sabotage.   The sabotage didn't end with pulling the plug on the insurance pools,  no. Then we had the effort to undermine the marketplace, where people  can compare policies and get policies that abide by the healthcare bill  of rights, the Patients' Bill of Rights, things like, yes, you can buy  a policy at the same price as everyone else even if you have  preexisting conditions--that healthcare bill of rights. It is the  healthcare bill of rights that allows testing and screening because an  ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.   What is Team Trump doing? Well, they cut the enrollment period in  half. They cut funding for outreach by up to 92 percent. They slashed  the budget for advertising--so people wouldn't know that there was an  open period and would miss the opportunity to get a healthcare plan--by  90 percent, 9 out of 10 dollars. They put up anti-marketplace  propaganda. They periodically proceeded to shut down the website so  people would get frustrated while trying to sign up for insurance. That  is a real winner--make it hard for people to sign up for healthcare.  Just how bad does it have to get--this attack on ordinary Americans by  this administration, making it difficult, sometimes impossible, for  people to sign up for hours at a time, right in the middle of an open  enrollment period. They are wiping out the cost-sharing subsidies, so  healthcare will be more expensive for people who have the least means.   Then we have even more. We have the junk policies--these junk  insurance policies that make you feel good, they are very cheap, you  can buy them, and they are good for filling your filing cabinet, but  when it comes to actually getting healthcare when you are sick or  injured, they don't pay for anything. That is a junk policy. It is  really a predatory policy to try to say to people: Here, buy this, and  you have insurance--but you don't really, not when you need it. That  really is another assault on an ordinary American about the peace of  mind of having healthcare when you are injured or when you are sick.    So there we are. We thought this assault had gone as far as it could  possibly go.   Someday the people in this country will rise up in an election and  proceed to say: We really do believe in that vision of our  Constitution, that ``we the people'' vision of our Constitution of the  United States of America; we believe in that vision, and we want an  elected body that believes in that vision.   But a new assault came just days ago in which the President--who  promised to make sure that every healthcare policy was cheaper than it  was before, and that turned out to be a lie; the one who said that  every person will be covered, and that turned out to be a lie; the one  who said that whatever happens, I will absolutely make sure we continue  to protect Americans who have preexisting conditions, and they will get  the same or better treatment than they have now--issues an order that  says: We are not going to defend the requirement that people with  preexisting conditions can get healthcare at the same price as everyone  else. What is this called? This is called a sellout. This is called a  deception. This is called a whopper. This is called an assault on  ordinary Americans when it comes to healthcare.   This is why insurance rates are going up all over the country. We are  seeing double-digit increases in every State, even my State, which  tried to protect ordinary people by wiping out and barring those junk  plans but was assaulted by the rest of the sabotage. This isn't limited  just to Connecticut and my State of Oregon; it is State after State  after State, including the State of Virginia.   Before my colleague from Virginia speaks, I yield to my colleague  from Oregon, the senior Senator from Oregon, who knows this issue so  well and who has been in this Chamber fighting for peace of mind in  healthcare for year after year after year. This is why we must come  together as a nation and repair our healthcare system to have a simple,  seamless healthcare system that does right.    Mr. President, for generations, the Statue of Liberty-- Lady Liberty we like to call her--has stood as a symbol of how open  America has been to treating those fleeing oppression when they arrive  on the shores of America. We hear those famous words written by Emma  Lazarus: ``Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning  to breathe free.'' That is a vision that we can connect to because  virtually every American family has family roots tied to immigrants and  tied to people pursuing freedom and fleeing oppression--fleeing  religious oppression, fleeing civil war, fleeing famine--but who come  to the refuge of the United States of America, knowing that here they  could be treated well and have a fair chance to thrive.   In modern times, we have converted this into an asylum policy. An  asylum policy means, if you are truly fleeing repression, oppression-- if you are truly fleeing danger and your life would be in danger if you  returned--you could gain admission into the United States of America.  In fact, we put into international treaties and into national law-- there it is--the torch, the beacon, that signals to the world that we  stand for human rights.   Yet now we are in a new and different place. On May 7, our Attorney  General announced a dramatic change that is completely contrary to the  Statue of Liberty. What the Attorney General put forward was, should  you flee oppression overseas and find yourself washed up on the shores  of the United States of America, we will not greet you with a fair  chance to present your case and thrive. Instead, we will grab you,  treat you as a criminal, rip your children out of your arms, and lock  you up. That is the new policy. That is the Jeff Sessions-Donald Trump- John Kelly policy of the United States of America.   When I heard about this, I didn't really believe it was possible that  any administration could adopt a policy of inflicting deliberate trauma  on children. There is no moral code in the world that supports such an  action, and there is no religious tradition on our beautiful planet  that supports such an action. Yet there it was--the decision to create  a deterrence for people to come to our shores by our mistreating the  children who had already arrived. Mistreat the child today, and deter  some family abroad from ever thinking about coming. That is a dark  stain on America, this strategy of deliberate harm to children.   Last Sunday, a week ago Sunday, I went down to find out if this were  really true. I went to a detention center and gained admission to the  detention center. The detention center is a large space that is split  into different cells--you can call them cells--of fencing. There are  fencing posts, and there is chain link fencing. The first room that I  went into had smaller cells, maybe 12 by 12 or 15 by 15. They looked  like cages. People were just arriving and being put into them.   It is, really, deeply saddening to see the terror in their eyes, the  tears on their cheeks. They didn't know what was going to happen to  them. Then they went through a series of desks, at which they were  interviewed--many by computers because they were talking to people far  afield, somewhere across the United States. They were being interviewed  by electronic connection.   Then they were taken to a very large room, a warehouse-styled room.  This is not the facility I was in, and this is not a 2018 picture, but  it looks very much like what I saw. Since people are not allowed to  enter the facility with any camera now, I am using this picture to  share with you approximately what it looks like. There are the same  green pads. There are the same space blankets. There are the same chain  links. There is the same fencing. There is a sad, big room.   Now, what is there today in terms of that physical structure is no  different than what was there in the last administration. That isn't  the issue. The issue is how that is being put to work, because under  this new policy, instead of treating families seeking asylum with  respect until they have their hearing, instead of keeping families  together so if they do gain admission into the United States they will  be in good shape and they will be in good care, we are inflicting harm  on them, harm on the parents, and harm on the children.   Any child psychological expert will tell you that when people have  fled trauma abroad, perhaps gone over some very tough hurdles to the  United States, the one thing they hang on to is the parent's hand, the  father's hand or mother's hand--that close connection that they will  see this through together. It is the one little sphere of safety in a  big, dangerous world.   Then, in a room like this, after they have gone through the  processing desks, the children are ripped out of their parents' arms.  Their parents are incarcerated in one of these divided cells and  children in another. They may not be able to see each other across the  warehouse. They don't know what is going to happen.   So when I was in a room that looked very much like this a week ago  Sunday, I was standing in front of a big cell that held just young  boys, and they were lining up. They were lining up to be able to get  some food, and they were told to line up from the smallest to the  largest. That made a pretty dramatic picture with the smallest tyke in  front, knee-high to a grasshopper, maybe 4 or 5 years old. Then, older  boys lined up, maybe through 16 or 17 years old. As you stare at this  group of children and see this group of children, you realize that some  of them are unaccompanied minors. They arrived in the United States by  themselves. But there are others. Within the previous 24 hours or maybe  just a couple hours before you were present, that child was separated  from his or her parents. I asked about the dramatic scenes that come  from this--the wailing children and the frantic parents. I was told  that happens occasionally, but not so often.   Then I heard the stories of how the children are now being separated,  and I don't know how often this happens or if this is the way it is  being done. But the parents are told: We are taking your child to the  bathroom or we are taking your child for a bath, and the child  [[Page S3926]]  never reappears. The parent is shepherded off to one holding cell and  the child to somewhere else.   There is something so wrong with the idea that this is the plan to  deter families from seeking asylum in the United States by mistreating  massively those who have already arrived, but that is what is going on.   John F. Kennedy once wrote: ``This country has always served as a  lantern in the dark for those who love freedom but are persecuted in  misery or in need.''   He uses the phrase ``lantern'' rather than torch, but I imagine he  might have had in mind the glowing orb in the Statue of Liberty--Lady  Liberty holding up that light.   He said: ``This country has always served as a lantern in the dark  for those who love freedom but are persecuted in misery or in need.''   That is not so now, because the new policy is if you are persecuted,  we will treat you as a criminal. We will lock you up. We will take your  children away, and we don't care if it is inflicting massive trauma on  the child, because we want to send a message to some other family that  is still overseas. That is so profoundly disturbing.   After the children have been separated, they are sent elsewhere. But  to where? Some are sent to a large holding area or detention facility.  I tried to visit one of those in Brownsville, TX. This is a converted  Walmart. It is run by a nonprofit that, by all accounts, works hard to  take good care of the children. Ironically, it is named Casa Padre, or  House of the Father, because there are no fathers there because the  children have been torn away, and they have been brought here. No  matter how well they are cared for in this Walmart, it can't erase the  stain of the trauma inflicted on the child by tearing them away from  their parents.   Now I wanted to go in and see how these children were being cared  for. So I applied and I was told: Well, you can get in if you apply 2  weeks in advance, and maybe we will grant you permission.   So you can't put it on your calendar. That makes it difficult. No. 1,  it makes it difficult for Senators to go because of the complexity of  our schedules. Then, if permission is granted, they have 2 weeks to  prepare to put on a show for you. So you will not actually see how the  detention center is being operated. That is what Members of Congress  need to be able to see. They need to be able to know what is really  going on behind those doors.   I was told that behind these doors there were hundreds of children  being held, maybe as many as 1,000. I wanted to know how many are there  and how many were unaccompanied minors; that is, arriving  unaccompanied. How many of them were torn away from their parents? Do  they have the right resources for counseling, and do they have the  right food for nutrition? How crowded has it become with this surge of  new children?    We know there was a surge in roughly one time period in May. The  Department of Homeland Security told us they took 658 children away  from 638 parents in 12 or 13 days. That is hundreds--more than 600.  That is over 50 kids a day being taken away. How is that per month, if  that was the same schedule going on, at 50 per day? Well, it would be  about 1,500 kids per month.   We are told that the number of children in the care of the United  States of America increased by 21 percent between April 29 and May 29.  So that is a real concern about who is being crowded in and how they  are being taken care of. Well, I didn't get behind those doors.  Instead, our good friends inside called the police. Now they had to ask  me to leave, and, in fact, when I called up the phone number that was  posted on the wall of the Walmart, the wonderful nice secretary said  the supervisor wanted to come out and talk to me. It actually turned  out that the supervisor wanted to come out and talk to the police who  had been called.   I find it quite interesting--that level of defensiveness about seeing  what was inside the facility. I knew I didn't have official permission  because I tried to arrange it and I had been turned down, but I also  thought: Really, a supervisor of a children's facility can't walk you  through and explain to you what is going on there? I wanted to draw  attention to the fact that this secrecy has to end.   We have to be able to know, as Members of Congress, what is going on  with these children across the country. First and foremost, they should  never be torn away from their parents while the family is seeking  asylum, but if they are unaccompanied minors, they need to be treated  with incredible, appropriate care, not concealed in buildings where  Members of Congress can't gain access.   That is why I am putting forward the Congressional Access to  Children's Detention Facilities Act. There is no clever acronym for it.  It is straightforward. We are having to legislate that in our role  under the Constitution of supervising and understanding what is going  on in the executive branch so we can enact appropriate policies or  allocate appropriate resources. Do we actually have to pass an act to  be able to do it?   I am told by the nonprofit leaders at this facility that they are  lobbying. They have no problem showing a Member of Congress what is  going on and talking about what they need and what they don't need, but  we need the administration to have the same philosophy, the same  respect for the people who serve here.   We also have another bill, and this is Senator Feinstein's bill. It  is called the Keep Families Together Act. It is just a simple statement  with some additional advice, caveats, and supporting structure and  arguments. Basically, it comes down to a simple statement: If people  are seeking asylum, do not injure the children. Do not injure the  parents. Let them be a whole family until they have their hearing. That  is the best thing if they do win asylum, and if they are going to be  deported and don't win asylum, there is no reason to inflict harm  deliberately on the children or on the parents.   This is so distressing that one refugee father, who came with his  child and his child was torn away from him, was so upset, as I would be  if my child was torn out of my arms, that he committed suicide. Marco  Munoz from Honduras came to our shore with a vision of the Statue of  Liberty and was met by people who tore his child away to who knows what  end, so that he would ever see his child again. Who knows what kind of  treatment that child was going to receive and what kind of stress that  father went through to get his child safely from the most abominable  conditions one can imagine--to get them safely to the United States to  apply under international law. Yet we responded by treating him like a  criminal.   There is more going on here. There are these ``no man's land'' areas  between Mexico and the United States, and people walk across from one  side to the other. The idea is you walk across one side and go in the  door on the other. But when I met with an immigration attorney, a pro  bono volunteer who works with refugees, she had gone out on the bridge  and found that there were people left on that bridge, she said, in one  case for 10 days and in another case for more than 10 days.   This is very hot territory. How would you like to be stranded in no  man's land between two countries for more than a week, perhaps not  being prepared with water or food? Where do you go to the bathroom in  that 10-day period while you are stranded in between those places? I  was told it appeared to be a deliberate effort to slow-walk people at  the border point, where it is absolutely legal to come into the United  States of America seeking asylum, in order to persuade them to leave  and go back to the Mexican side, where they were incredibly vulnerable  to Mexican gangs and had no support structure.   She told me that there had been kidnappings and then extortionists  who asked the families for money to release individuals who had  returned to the other side. She told me how people had gone elsewhere  and crossed the border and presented themselves to the border guards in  order to get into the custody of the United States and present  themselves for asylum, but then they were treated, once again, as  criminals.   Now, to add insult to injury, the day before yesterday, the Attorney  General announced a new asylum policy. Here is the policy that has been  forever, but now we are going to change the definition so that those  who are fleeing domestic violence, those who are fleeing organized  crime, those who have been attacked by drug gangs and have had their  lives threatened and their children's lives--no matter how well you  [[Page S3927]]  document it, no matter how well you can prove it, no matter that you  can prove that if you go back, you will be targeted for death--do not  qualify for asylum in the United States of America. That is a change  that has to be closely examined.   I met a woman in a respite center down in Texas. She had been  released because she was very pregnant. So they said: Well, we are not  going to put her in prison. We are going to release her until she has  her hearing. She told me her story. Her family had gotten into a  dispute with the drug gang that ran the community. So they had sent a  team of people to gang rape her.   Her life had been threatened, and she had to leave immediately. She  couldn't make accommodations for her children. Her children couldn't  come with her. She didn't know how they were. She said: I have no idea  who the father of this child is because it is a product of the gang  attack. She qualified under our rules for asylum if she could document  her case, until 2 days ago, but now she can't go to that asylum hearing  under this new rule designed to keep people who have experienced  enormous trauma abroad from qualifying--who have always qualified.    Not only is this administration inflicting trauma and pain on  children to send a message to some other group of families overseas,  but they are changing the rules for folks who arrived here, who have  stood up for so long and stood up so well.   I think about how Lady Liberty no longer has a torch. Lady Liberty's  torch has been snuffed out. The symbol to the world under the Sessions- Trump-John Kelly policy is, you will be treated as a criminal if you  flee persecution and come to the United States. She doesn't carry a  torch. She carries a pair of handcuffs, and that is absolutely wrong.   When John F. Kennedy wrote that ``this country has always served as a  lantern in the dark,'' he could never have imagined the evil policy,  the darkness of heart, the deliberate infliction of pain and trauma on  children that would come out of this administration's policy.   It is our responsibility in this Chamber to debate this issue, to  change that policy, and say America will never allow children to be  deliberately harmed to send some political message to some family  overseas. In fact, we will never allow them to be deliberately harmed  under any circumstance. Let's restore the lantern that Lady Liberty has  so proudly borne for so long.   Thank you.   