 Mr. President, the good news for American workers  continues to roll in. Just take a look at the headlines from the last  week: ``Pfizer Plans $5 Billion Boost in U.S. Manufacturing From Tax  Law Changes''; ``Cigna raises wages, benefits following tax law'';  ``CEO: Lehigh Valley small businesses to benefit from federal tax  overhaul''; ``Altria Group will pay $3,000 bonus to all non-executive  employees''; ``Ozarks workers to receive bonuses, benefits thanks to  tax changes''; ``Charter Sets $15 Minimum Wage''; ``Lowe's to pay U.S.  staff $1,000 bonus following tax reform.''   The number of companies increasing wages, boosting retirement  contributions, or handing out bonuses thanks to tax reform continues to  soar. Last week at this time, the number was over 250; now it is up  over 300, and it keeps growing. Businesses are making plans to invest  in their workers, raise wages, create new jobs, and invest in the U.S.  economy. Fiat Chrysler, AT&T, Boeing, Home Depot, Great Western Bank in  my home State of South Dakota, AaLadin Industries, Southwest, Best Buy,  AccuWeather, Visa, Nationwide Insurance, Jet Blue--the list of  companies announcing good news for American workers thanks to tax  reform goes on and on.   The Nation's largest private employer, Walmart, announced an increase  in its starting wage for hourly employees and bonuses for eligible  employees. It also announced expanded maternity and parental leave  benefits and the creation of a new adoption benefit for employees. More  than 1 million Walmart employees will benefit from these changes.   JPMorgan Chase announced that it will raise wages for 22,000 workers,  add thousands of jobs, and open 400 new branches in the United States.  It also plans to increase its lending to small businesses.   Tech giant Apple announced that thanks to tax reform, it will bring  home to the United States almost $250 billion in cash it has been  keeping overseas and finally now invest it here in the United States.  It also announced that it will create 20,000 new jobs and provide  $2,500 stock bonuses to its employees.   FedEx announced plans to expedite raises and invest $1.5 billion to  expand its FedEx Express hub in Indianapolis. It is also making a $1.5  billion contribution to its pension plan.   Last week, ExxonMobil announced that thanks in part to tax reform, it  will invest an additional $35 billion in the U.S. economy over the next  5 years. That means a lot of new jobs and opportunities for American  workers.   As I said before, I could go on and on. It is important to remember  that this is just the beginning. To date, companies have barely  experienced the benefits of tax reform, and already they are moving to  invest in their workers and in the economy. As the benefits of tax  reform continue to sink in and accrue, we can expect to see more  growth, more jobs, and more opportunities for American workers.   The past month of good news is the reason we made business tax reform  a key part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We are deeply committed to  immediate relief for the American people, which is why we cut tax  rates, doubled the standard deduction, and doubled the child tax  credit, delivering immediate, meaningful tax relief to middle-class  families in this country. But we want more for American workers than  just a tax cut, as valuable as those are; we also want American workers  to have access to the kinds of jobs and opportunities that will set  them up for security and prosperity for the long term. Good jobs, good  wages, and good opportunities were in short supply during the last  Presidency, and we are determined to improve things for American  workers. So we took action to improve the situation for American  businesses since the only way individual Americans thrive is if  American businesses and the American economy thrive.   Prior to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, American businesses large and  small were weighed down by high tax rates and growth-killing tax  provisions. Plus, our outdated international tax rules left America's  global businesses at a competitive disadvantage in the global economy.   The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act changed all that. We lowered tax rates  across the board for owners with small- and medium-sized businesses,  farms, and ranches. We expanded business owners' ability to recover  investments they make in their businesses, which will free up cash that  they can invest in their operations and their workers. We lowered our  Nation's massive corporate tax rate, which, up until January 1 of this  year, was the highest corporate tax rate in the industrialized world.  We brought the U.S. international tax system into the 21st century by  replacing our outdated worldwide system with a modernized territorial  tax system so that American businesses are not operating at a  disadvantage next to their foreign competitors.   Now, just a month and a half into the new tax law, we are already  seeing the results: increased investment in the American economy, job  creation, higher wages, and benefit increases. As the tax law helps  U.S. businesses large and small grow and thrive, we can expect to see a  lot more benefits and opportunities for American workers in the future.   Before I close, Mr. President, I would like to say a couple words  about the Defense appropriations bill we are taking up this week.   By the end of the Obama administration, our military was facing a  serious readiness shortfall. The Obama administration's failure to  prioritize defense left our Armed Forces with manpower deficits and  delayed the acquisition of 21st-century weapons and equipment.   The Defense appropriations bill we will vote on this week provides  critical funding for restoring military readiness and would be a  downpayment on equipping our troops with the resources they need to  meet the threats of the 21st century. Unfortunately, passage of this  bill is in jeopardy here in the Senate, thanks to Senate Democrats.  Democrats have blocked a Defense appropriations bill six times over the  past almost 3 years now, and they look set to block that bill once  again. That is not acceptable.   Funding the government by continuing resolution rather than by  appropriations bills is never ideal, but it is particularly problematic  for the military. Under a continuing resolution, new programs are  delayed, and the military's ability to transfer money between  accounts--for acquisition purposes, for example--is restricted. That is  a big problem when the security of our Nation depends on the very  programs and purchases the military makes.   Defense Secretary James Mattis has warned that ``long-term CRs impact  the readiness of our forces and their equipment at a time when security  threats are extraordinarily high''--not to mention at a time when our  military is already under extra pressure as it works to repair the  deficits of the Obama years.   Passing a defense appropriations bill, instead of subjecting the  military to a constant procession of continuing resolutions, would go a  long way toward ensuring our military men and women are prepared to  confront the threats that are facing our Nation. It is too bad that  Democrats seem to be unable to look beyond politics to the needs of our  military. Democrats may not pay a price for opposing this bill this  week, but our military will.   It is high time that we pass the Defense appropriations bill. We need  to stop this obstruction, stop this blocking. Six times in the last 3  years already they have blocked passage of Defense appropriations, and  here we are again faced this week with yet another opportunity to  provide the critical and necessary funding for the American military-- our men and women in uniform who every single day are out there  defending our freedoms--and it looks as though yet again the Democrats  intend to block that critical, important funding. This needs to come to  an end. This isn't about politics; this is about America's national  security interests. I hope we can come together and recognize that and  put the best interests of America's national security and our men and  women in uniform ahead of politics.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   