 Mr. Chair, I am proud to speak in  support of this en bloc amendment, and then also in support of H.R. 4.   It is finally a long-term reauthorization of the FAA. Two programs of  vital importance to my district are the Essential Air Service program  and the Contract Tower Program. Both programs are critical to rural  areas and are protected in this bill.   The bill also includes a provision I authorized and authored to  ensure small low-risk microdrones can be operated safely, but also  under different operational requirements than larger drones. Safely and  more appropriately integrating microdrones into the airspace will  foster innovation at companies like Horizon Hobby in my district and  incentivize better operator compliance.   H.R. 4 also includes important customer service provisions. It  prohibits involuntary bumping of passengers once they have already  boarded an aircraft. It makes fees and taxes more transparent, and when  consumers have complaints about their flying experience, this bill will  allow them to call a hotline or use an app on their smartphone.   I also want to mention the disaster title of this bill. It is  actually a shame that I have to speak about this again today because  this House already passed this legislation last December.  Unfortunately, our colleagues in the Senate stripped these provisions  out of the disaster supplemental package we passed earlier this year,  but now we have an opportunity to finally get this crucial legislation  signed into law.   Included in this package is my bill, the Disaster Declaration  Improvement Act, which requires FEMA to place a greater weight and  consideration on severe, localized impact of damage following a  disaster. Passing this bill will have real impact in States like  Illinois where a large portion of our population is concentrated in a  small geographical area in the northeast portion of our State.   Enacting this language into law will help level the playing field,  and help ensure rural areas like my district are given a fair shake  when disasters happen and help is needed.   I want to thank Chairman Shuster and Ranking Member DeFazio for  working to include this disaster package in this bill, and for all of  the hard work on the underlying bill, and I urge adoption of the bill.    