 Mr. President, as a Member of the U.S. Senate, my role in  providing advice and consent to the President on his or her nominations  to the Supreme Court is among our most important constitutional duties.   In fulfilling that duty, I have a pretty clear criteria on how I go  about making these decisions. The first is whether the nominee has the  character to serve on the Supreme Court; the second is whether the  nominee has the intellect and the experience and the academic  credentials to serve on a Court that hears complex and difficult  questions of law; and the third is does the nominee believe in the  proper role of  [[Page S6573]]  the Supreme Court, which, in my opinion, is to interpret and to apply  the Constitution, not to change or manipulate it to reach a certain  policy goal.   There is broad bipartisan support for the first two parts of my  criteria. We can all agree that people who serve on the Court should  have the character to do so. We can all agree our nominees and those  who serve on the Court have to have the intellect and the experience  and the academic credentials to be on the Court.   Much of our fights around here center around the third part of my  criteria. In fact, it goes to the heart of most of the nomination  fights we have. There are some who would like the Supreme Court to  become a policymaking branch, a place that makes policy and makes laws,  but I believe the job of an appellate court is to decide whether a  policy decision of the political branches is constitutional. Appellate  courts and trial courts are different. Trial courts are triers of fact.  Appellate courts are triers of law.   The debate about the proper role of the Court plays out most vividly  on some of the most divisive cultural issues, and it always has. For  example, on the difficult issue of abortion, the question before the  Court in Roe v. Wade was not whether it was good or bad for abortion to  be criminalized or constricted, the question was whether the  Constitution gave the State or Federal Government the authority to pass  laws that banned or restricted abortions.   The question before the Court in Obergefell v. Hodges was not whether  same-sex marriages were good or bad for America. The question was  whether the Constitution allowed States to define marriage as being  between one man and one woman.   In deciding these kinds of questions, I believe Justices, both on the  Supreme Court and appellate-level judges, should apply the strictest  interpretation of the Constitution according to its original intent,  irrespective of whether the policy result of their decision is  something they personally agree with. The reason for that is because if  the Constitution can mean whatever people at a given moment want it to  mean, then the Constitution doesn't really mean anything at all. We can  change our laws. That is why Congress has to respond to the electorate,  why we debate laws, and then are held accountable for it, but the  Constitution has to be something that is constant, irrespective of the  political tides of the moment.   Now, you can change the Constitution. The Founders gave us a process  to do that through Article V, the constitutional amendment process, and  that has been used in this country. They would not have given us that  process if it were their intent that the Supreme Court be the one that  could change the Constitution.   The reason I outline that criteria is because that is the criteria I  used to evaluate Judge Kavanaugh's nomination when it was first  presented. I found myself with no doubts about his intellectual ability  or his academic credentials, and I don't think anyone has raised those.   I have seen seven FBI background checks that turned up no issues with  his character, and I had 12 years of his service as a Federal appellate  judge as proof that he shared my criteria for the proper role of the  Court and the proper standard for constitutional review.   So it was based on that and on those facts that in August I announced  I supported Judge Kavanaugh's nomination.   Then, several weeks ago, the allegations, first by Dr. Ford and then  by others, emerged. Sexual harassment and assault is something I feel  very strongly about. It is, for example, one of the reasons I have been  involved for a number of years now in a bipartisan effort to reform and  improve how we handle claims of sexual assault on our college campuses.  Our Nation is now facing a reckoning for decades of not addressing  sexual violence appropriately.   While I obviously will not betray anyone's confidence or privacy, I  have personally seen how victims of sexual assault often find their  claims dismissed and ignored. I have seen how sometimes they are told  things like: You are partially to blame for putting yourself in that  position. I have seen how so many never came forward and don't want to  come forward because they don't think anyone will believe them or they  don't believe anything will ever happen.    That is why I believe anytime anyone comes forward with allegations  of sexual assault or harassment, abuse, these allegations cannot be  swept aside, and they cannot be ignored. When these allegations emerged  in this case, my immediate reaction was to say these claims should be  taken seriously and his accusers should be fully heard. I said I would  have no further comment on his nomination until we knew more about  these allegations. What that meant was, my support of Judge Kavanaugh  was now contingent on the information that emerged from the hearings  and the investigation and the work that needed to be done.   I will say today what I said at this time last week. I believe  neither Dr. Ford nor Judge Kavanaugh have been treated fairly in many  instances. Some--I saw you--immediately basically dismissed these  claims as a political ploy. Others went on television almost  immediately and said they believed Judge Kavanaugh was guilty without  any information before them.   Despite the shameful behavior of so many, a process did ensue.  Through all the noise, that did produce additional information. The  Senate's Judiciary Committee and then the Federal Bureau of  Investigation gathered and made available to every single Member of the  Senate additional relevant information.   The committee took sworn testimony from several named witnesses. I  know for a fact they chased down and investigated a seemingly endless  stream of incoming information every single day, and it provided both  Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh the opportunity to give written statements  and then participate in hours of public testimony, not just before the  committee but before the entire Nation.   When that hearing ended last Thursday, the information before us was  as follows: The sworn and unequivocal allegations by Dr. Ford, the  sworn and equally unequivocal denial from Judge Kavanaugh, no witnesses  with knowledge of these allegations, and no independent evidence to  corroborate them.   After the hearing, a week ago today, some of the Senators on the  committee wanted a short delay. I watched that hearing. It was agreed  to by everyone there, a short delay, 7 days, so the Federal Bureau of  Investigation could gather even more information, and I had no  objection to that.   Over the last week, the FBI interviewed 10 additional witnesses and  gathered additional relevant information for every single Senator to  review.   First, I was briefed on these interviews and information; then I had  occasion to review them for myself. Here is what I know now about the  allegations against Judge Kavanaugh. I have the sworn and unequivocal  testimony of Dr. Ford and Ms. Ramirez making these allegations against  Judge Kavanaugh. I have the sworn and unequivocal denial of these  allegations from Judge Kavanaugh. I now have before me the testimony of  10 additional witnesses, including those identified by Dr. Ford and Ms.  Ramirez as having been present when Judge Kavanaugh allegedly assaulted  them, and not a single one of them had any recollection of the alleged  gatherings, much less any knowledge of these allegations, and I still  have no independent evidence which corroborates these allegations as  well.   That is the information before me as I stand here at 1 p.m. eastern  time on the 5th of October with regard to the nomination of Judge  Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court of the United States. That is the same  information that is before every other Member of the Senate who has  access to the exact same information that I saw, that I read, and that  I was briefed on.    I have listened to the arguments made by some of my colleagues and  others urging me to still vote against the nomination. The most direct  argument made to vote no is that the FBI did not interview enough  people.   First, my view is that the only people who could corroborate those  claims are those who were there when it happened because anything other  than that is hearsay. If you didn't see it happen, all you can testify  to is what someone else told you. The only people who could corroborate  that something happened are either people who received physical  evidence or people who  [[Page S6574]]  witnessed it. From what I read yesterday, every single person the  accuser said was present when it happened testified that they do not  know anything about it.   By the way, the other point I would make is that these interviews  that we saw yesterday, the 10 additional ones--it would be unfair to  view them in a vacuum, as if they were the only information we have to  go off of. Here is a fact: Over nearly the last two decades, the  Federal Bureau of Investigation has interviewed over 150 people, asking  questions about Judge Kavanaugh's background and past. Over 150 people  have been interviewed about Judge Kavanaugh over the last two decades  and across seven background checks, and not a single one of them has  ever testified as to any sexual assault against anyone at any time.   It struck me that there isn't a single Member of the U.S. Senate, I  think--maybe I am wrong, but I doubt seriously that there is any Member  in the U.S. Senate who has had the FBI question over 150 people about  what they have done throughout their life. In fact, I would venture to  guess that there are probably few, if any, Americans who have had the  FBI interview over 150 people about what they have done throughout the  course of their lives. I believe it is reasonable to assume that if  Judge Kavanaugh was someone who had engaged in a pattern of abusive  behavior toward women--on a pattern--at least one of these 150-some-odd  people would have noticed and would have said something about it. Yet  not a single one of them did.   I would be remiss if I didn't mention that there is clearly another  factor that is driving much of the anger and passion around this  nomination, and it has nothing to do with partisan politics or politics  at all, for that matter. It is the fact, as I mentioned earlier, that,  sadly, far too often, particularly women who come forward with  allegations of harassment, abuse, or assault are ignored, dismissed,  and even blamed. The fact is, because of this, there are potentially  millions of victims who have never come forward and who suffer in  silence.   I understand that for the victims and for those who love them and for  those who are survivors, to hear about these allegations brings back  powerful and painful memories of what happened to them, of how they  were ignored, how they were not believed, how they were blamed, and how  their abuser got away with it. What has happened to these survivors is  an injustice. It is wrong. It is something that we as a nation must  reckon with and we as a people must fix. But the solution to injustice  is never injustice, and it would be unjust to turn this nomination into  a proxy fight over the broader, important issue of how we have treated  victims of sexual assault in America. As important as that topic is,  this debate is about a specific case involving specific people and  specific allegations. Fairness and justice require us to make our  decision on this matter based on the facts before us on this matter.   It was wrong for some to immediately dismiss these allegations almost  as a reflex, but it is also wrong to claim that a vote for Judge  Kavanaugh's nomination means that you do not care about and do not as a  matter of course believe victims of sexual violence.   My colleagues and my fellow Americans, this case is about this case,  and although the ways in which both the accuser and the accused have  been treated are shameful, we must still make our decision based on  what we know.   I want to make one thing abundantly clear: I do want people on the  Supreme Court who believe that the proper role of that Court is to  interpret the Constitution according to its original intent, but if I  had any evidence--or if any evidence emerges that corroborates these or  any allegations of this kind--I would have voted against this  nomination in a heartbeat because someone who has committed sexual  assault shouldn't be on the Bench, they should be in jail. If you lie  about it to Congress, you should also be charged with perjury. But  after 7 background checks and over 150 people having been interviewed,  we don't have any independent evidence to corroborate these allegations  against him--none.   So with regard to this specific case, on the basis of the facts that  I have before me, that we have before us--on the basis of what facts am  I supposed to not just vote down this nomination but in the process of  doing so, render what will forever be perceived as a verdict of guilt?  On the basis of what facts can anyone say or do that?   It is legitimate to vote against him because you don't agree with his  judicial philosophy, but it isn't fair to say you are voting against  him, as some imply, because we are on the verge of putting someone who  is a confirmed and verified sexual abuser on the Bench. That isn't  justice, and no matter how just the cause is, a just cause never, never  justifies an unjust means.   Based on the specific facts before us regarding this specific  nomination and this specific case, I already voted to end debate on the  nomination of Judge Kavanaugh, and tomorrow I will vote to confirm him  as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   