 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, initiating an independent counsel  investigation comes with many political and constitutional challenges.   These individuals were vested with full power and independent  authority to exercise all investigative and prosecutorial functions and  powers of the Department of Justice with respect to matters within  their jurisdiction.   When the independent counsel statute was reauthorized in 1994, an  amendment was made to the law requiring the Government Accountability  Office to conduct periodic audits of independent counsel expenditures.  This amendment gave Congress the ability to audit any and all  independent counsel expenses and investigate how those taxpayer dollars  were spent.   This is an important procedure that was repealed in 2010, and it is  time Congress act to restore this key oversight provision. My amendment  reestablishes the semiannual Government Accountability Office financial  review of obligated expenditures from the independent counsel and  requires the report's findings to be submitted to Congress.   While the work of an independent counsel is indeed important, it is  just as important that we properly take account of where the  hardworking American taxpayers' dollars go. So to ensure this  accountability, I want to urge the passage of this amendment.   I want to take one personal privilege of thanking the fine work of  Chad Yelinski.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I find it very interesting that the  gentleman opposite would claim to know my motives in that he has not  talked to me about it.   I also find it very ironic that the gentleman makes the argument that  my amendment does absolutely nothing and yet opposes it. So, indeed, if  it does nothing, then I can't find any reason why he wouldn't support  it.   So, Mr. Chairman, I would certainly urge the adoption of my  amendment, and being the late hour that it is, I yield back the balance  of my time   