 Mr. Speaker, I am humbled to follow Sam Johnson here at  this podium. I have been in Congress 6 years, and to think that he  spent 7 years incarcerated as a POW.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the VA MISSION Act. This  legislation is about keeping our promises to those who safeguard our  freedoms.   As a member of the Army Reserve and a doctor in the Army, I am all  too familiar with the challenges plaguing the VA today. In 2014,  America witnessed the heartbreaking results of hidden VA wait lists,  and Congress quickly responded with the Veterans Choice Program to  ensure that no veteran was kept from care. Now, with the leadership of  Chairman Roe, we are delivering a lasting solution to get our deserving  veterans the care that they have earned and enacting real reforms for  the VA to succeed in the 21st century.   This bill will improve and streamline the VA's community care  programs, those outside the walls of the VA, into one cohesive program  and give a patient and their doctor more say in the process. This will  create a nonpartisan, transparent process to review the VA's  infrastructure assets, in line with the recommendation from the  Commission on Care.   This bill will expand the VA's post-9/11 caregiver program to all  eras of veterans.   The VA MISSION Act also includes my legislation, the VA Provider  Equity Act, which aims to enhance the ability of the VA to recruit and  retain in-demand surgical specialists, due, in part, to increased use  of IEDs in the last decade of war.   Mr. Speaker, if we don't act by May 31, 2018, the funding for the  Veterans Choice Program will run out, and veterans across America will  be unable to access healthcare.   Finally, I want to extend my sincere thanks and gratitude for the  tireless work of the entire VA Committee staff, and specifically  Christine Hill and Samantha Gonzalez, for the countless hours that they  have put in to getting this across the finish line.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to sponsor the John McCain, Daniel Akaka, and  Samuel Johnson VA MISSION Act, named in honor of three American veteran  heroes, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   