 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Hensarling  and my distinguished ranking member, who has some very serious  concerns.   I want to take a moment to explain that the bill is basically my  bipartisan amendment that Mr. Zeldin and I worked on that passed in  committee, and I think it is very important for me to work through this  to explain how it will not affect as my ranking member has stated.  However, I want to make sure that people know we have got things in  here to address.   It keeps intact the essence of what we were trying to accomplish with  stress tests in Dodd-Frank. Now, my amendment essentially rewrote this  bill, as I said, so that we are left with just three simple things,  tweaks that we are making.   The first one is, in today's CCAR test, banks are now required to run  stress tests that have, one, a baseline, adverse, and severely adverse  scenario. My amendment simply removes the adverse requirement.   And why is that? Because, in talking about how we can stimulate more  growth for our banks while at the same time maintaining the proper  stress test, we heard that the adverse scenario rarely proved or shed  any light on the health of the bank that isn't already shown when  testing a bank for a severely adverse scenario. So we didn't need the  other one if one is doing it, and so we eliminated that.   Secondly, my amendment eliminated the Fed's ability to reject a  capital plan solely on what we refer to as the qualitative portion of  the test. Now, Mr. Speaker, we did this because stress tests are tests  of both the bank's books, which is the quantitative side, and a test of  the bank's internal controls, which is the qualitative side. So  rejecting a capital plan solely on the qualitative portion of the test  generates a lot of uncertainty within our banking system for banks, and  it is something that the Federal regulators already, earlier last year,  stopped requiring the banks under $250 million from having to do. So we  simply removed that.   And then, lastly, my amendment eliminated the midyear tests that  banks are required to do internally. Why did we do that? Because right  now, if you are a bank above a certain  [[Page H3117]]  asset size, you are required to do internal tests. My amendment just  changes this so that the tests are done.    Mr. Speaker, I want to urge my colleagues  who are looking at this that I very carefully listened to my ranking  member, and I have made sure, when we worked it in the process, that we  adhered to that. No phase of this stress test is eliminated.   And the thing I want to add, over in the Senate, in the reg bill, S.  2155, two of the three parts of this bill and my amendment are already  captured in S. 2155, which received 67 bipartisan votes.   So it is with gracious affection to my ranking member, because  oftentimes we have to work together, and respect to my chairman that I  urge all our Members, both Democrats and Republicans, to support this  very important and worthwhile legislation.   