 Mr. President, I join with many others who are praying  for the families in Florida today as they grieve--an overwhelming grief  that most parents would never contemplate--because they do not have the  opportunity to take their kids to school today because their lives were  taken yesterday. I continue to pray for, engage in, and help in any way  that we can through this process.   I know so many of the schools in my State have taken active steps  over the past many years to provide greater security in the schools,  with lockdown access and other things that they have done intentionally  to provide greater and greater security. There is no explanation for an  individual who is a former student of a school to return to the school  with a gun and with who knows what motivation.   So we will continue to pray, engage, and work with schools on  security, as we have done from this body in the past, as well as to  provide financial resources to help schools and their security systems,  to help provide advice and counsel--to do what can be done. We will  pray along with the families who struggle deeply, and we will walk with  them through their incredible, inexplicable grief.   Mr. President, this is a week that has been set aside for the  immigration debate, but today is the first day there has been any real  immigration debate on the floor. It is Thursday. All week, this floor  has sat mostly empty. For months, there has been the preparation to put  immigration bills on the floor, but as of earlier this week, there had  only been one bill that had actually been proposed--the President's  bill--to be able to say: Here is a middle-ground position.   After months of negotiation and the White House meeting with  everybody--both sides of the aisle from the House and the Senate--the  White House laid out a proposal and said: Here is a middle ground. I  would say that the White House has moved a tremendous amount in this  and has dropped a tremendous number of issues. Over the course of the  past several months, the White House has moved away from a lot of  things.   First, it moved from legal status to saying: OK, let's do  citizenship. It is not citizenship for just the 690,000 individuals who  are currently in DACA, but the White House opened this up--and I  agree--to 1.8 million individuals who are not only DACA students but to  those who are also DACA-eligible, those who did not sign up for the  process but who could have been eligible for it.   Interestingly enough, the President even moved from President Obama's  position. President Obama's position for DACA was that you had to be in  the country by 2007. President Trump has moved that and said he will be  more open. You will have had to have been in the country by the time  President Obama announced the program in 2012. That was a significant  concession which has opened up the program for almost 1 million more  individuals.   The trade-off was pretty straightforward. He had a long list of items  to be able to provide border security--both interior enforcement and  border security. Yet, over the past couple of months, the President has  backed up and said OK. The Democrats have said they absolutely do not  want any interior enforcement of any immigration laws added in any way,  so the President backed up and said: Let's start with border security.  We want to do interior enforcement in the days ahead, but let's start  with border security. The President wanted to address the issue of  sanctuary cities, but that is not addressed in this bill. He has  dropped that. The President wanted to deal with asylum reform, but he  has dropped that issue from his proposal. There is no conversation  about refugees and changing how that structure would work. There is no  conversation about the H visa programs. He has dropped a lot of issues  that were important to the White House and has said: OK. We will deal  with those on a different day. Let's limit the issues to this narrow  group of four issues, and that is all we will deal with.   He dropped a lot of other issues for it. Border security, dealing  with citizenship for those individuals who are in DACA or who are DACA- eligible, dealing with the issue of family migration and how that works  together, and then dealing with the issue of the diversity lottery-- that is it. Everything else dropped away.   It is not comprehensive--it is small--but border security had very  clear definitions. Border security is not just a wall. I have heard  some individuals say, even on this floor today, that a wall will not  accomplish anything. I would say the President agrees with that. A wall  by itself doesn't accomplish anything. A wall is needed in some  sections of the border to slow down illegal crossings, especially in  urban areas, where there are urban areas on both sides of the border.  It is  [[Page S1134]]  needed in those areas, but a wall by itself doesn't accomplish  anything. You can go around it, and you can go over it eventually. What  you need are additional agents. What you need are additional  enforcement authorities. What is needed is to be able to break down  some of the legal loopholes.   Some proposals that have come out in the last few hours have said  they want to strike a bipartisan compromise and say: OK, we will  provide for wall funding, and we will allow for the large legalization  and naturalization of individuals who are DACA and DACA-eligible. That  is a fair trade-off, they say. The problem is when you read the fine  print of what that means. I go back to the same statement: If they say  a wall doesn't accomplish anything, and all they provide is really a  wall and a few technical things around it, then the question remains,  What is missing? What would make the difference?   What would make the difference are some very basic things to be able  to close legal loopholes. That is what is in the President's proposal-- none of them onerous, none of them out of line. They are just dealing  with the basic legal loopholes.   We all have to admit, when you see the records from the Department of  Homeland Security and from Customs and Border Protection, that there  are individuals who cross the border, both adults and unaccompanied  minors, who are coached by coyotes as they move through Mexico: When  you cross the border, here is what to say. If you say these things,  then you will get access into the government.   They know that if they say certain phrases, they are in. I hate to  say that is actually true, and it is unaddressed in any of these  bipartisan compromises. I don't think it is unrealistic to say that if  you go around one of the barriers or even through one of the gated  entrances and cross through and immediately get caught by someone on  the other side but say the magic phrases, you are in. We have to  resolve that, and there are some basic ways to resolve it.   If you come in and have a credible claim of fear or a claim of asylum  and cross the border and immediately speak those words, currently you  are allowed into the country for 2 or 3 years while your trial goes  through the process. Only about 30 percent of those are actually  successful. That 30 percent number is significant.   What do we do to resolve it? Why don't we add additional judges and  additional courts, and instead of waiting 3 years before you have that  hearing, you have that hearing within 3 weeks? No evidence has changed  in that time period. You are still allowed to have counsel, and you are  still allowed to have insight. But we actually resolve it instead of  allowing people to come into the country for 3 years and telling them  ``Here is a court date and a court location to appear,'' and you do not  know if they appear. In fact, the majority of them do not appear for  their court dates, but they are somewhere, at a location unknown, in  the country. It is not unreasonable to resolve this issue; yet it is  unresolved in all of these bipartisan proposals.   There is no fix to deal with criminal aliens or those individuals who  come into the country who are gang members. It is a small minority, but  there are those individuals, and there seems to be no fix for those  things at all.   There is no dealing with the issue of the hiring process for the  Department of Homeland Security. If you are in remote areas on the  northern border--there are requests to add additional compensation to  some of these areas or to give additional benefits to some of these  Customs and Border Protection folks because they work in very remote  areas along the border. They ask for this year after year after year,  and there is nothing addressed in the bipartisan agreement. It is just  the wall and asking: Shouldn't that be enough? It is not.   There is no dealing with drugs like fentanyl and trying to interdict  those in the border areas.   It doesn't provide any deterrence for the visa overstays. About 40  percent of the individuals who are illegally in this country right now  came on a tourist visa or on some other kind of visa and just  overstayed it. We have to resolve those issues as well. That seems to  be an obvious issue.   There is no dealing with some of the basic statements. What do I mean  by that? Under some of the bipartisan bills that are coming out, you  prove yourself to be a DACA-eligible individual by your own verbal  statement that you are eligible. No documentation is required. I think  that is an obvious loophole. If you are DACA-eligible, even, in fact,  under President Obama's proposal, you have to show documentation that  you are DACA-eligible. Yet, in these new proposals, you don't. You just  have to say that you are eligible, and suddenly you are eligible. That  is a major problem.   The structure of how some of the bipartisan agreements have come out  has also become a big issue for me because it doesn't really deal with  just this 10-year. In one section of the bill, it says it is a 10-year  path toward citizenship. I have no issue, if we can do border security,  with having a 10-year path toward citizenship. It allows us to have 10  years to deal with the basic border security things. It gives certainty  to those individuals who are in the country that they are headed toward  citizenship. I have absolutely no problem with that, but the bipartisan  agreement that has come out doesn't do that. In one section, it says a  10-year path to citizenship. In another section, it gives the  recipients the opportunity to get legal permanent residency--green  cards--much faster, which then moves them on to a much faster track. It  is a little bit of a sleight of hand that we say 10 years in one part  and in another part say that it is actually 5 to 7 years. Say what you  mean. Don't try to say two different things and have two different  paths.   I was also interested in a change that was slipped in at the very  back of the bipartisan bill that makes an enormous change to the status  of every single individual in the country. Let me just read this. It is  being said that this bill is just about a wall and just about DACA, but  let me read this section in the back of the bill: In carrying out  immigration enforcement activities, the Secretary shall prioritize  available immigration enforcement resources to aliens who have been  convicted of a felony, a significant misdemeanor, three or more  misdemeanor offenses, pose a threat to national security or public  safety, or are unlawfully present in the United States, and--that is an  important word in there, ``and''--they arrived in the United States  after June 30, 2018.   Do you know what that says? That says the Department of Homeland  Security can't go after anyone in the country illegally who arrives  here before June 30, 2018. In other words, the race is on. If you can  get into the country and across the border before June 30 of this year,  you are in, and you have amnesty--for millions. That is not about DACA;  that is every single individual in the country unlawfully present. If  you are in the country unlawfully present before June 30 of this year,  according to this bill, you are in until you commit a felony. As long  as you don't do that, you will never have any enforcement of any type.  I was stunned to see that slipped into the back of the bill.   This was dropped last night, and we still have the opportunity to go  through it, but I am quite surprised at the number of people who have  pushed back on the President and have either not read his proposal or  have ignored what he put on the table. It is not an unreasonable  proposal. It is a straightforward, commonsense proposal. I would  encourage those folks who oppose it to read it first and to see what it  actually says.   There has been pushback on the issue of chain migration or family  reunification. Let me set this in context. Right now, we have a 20-year  backlog for individuals coming into the country legally. That is an  incentive not to do legal immigration because if you are going to wait  in the line 20 years long, many are just not going to go through the  process. Unless we reform how we do the family integration, once 2  million additional people are added to this in the 10-year time period,  I have no question we will move from a 20-year backlog to a 25-year  backlog as family members also reconnect with those individuals coming  in. What happens at that point? A bad situation gets even worse in our  immigration policy.   The issue of family reunification and the proposals that were laid  out have not been partisan proposals in the past,  [[Page S1135]]  but suddenly because President Trump put it out there, it is suddenly  an unrealistic partisan proposal. May I remind everyone that this issue  was also dealt with in the 2013 Gang of 8 bill that got around 70 votes  in the Senate--this very similar issue of family reunification and how  this would work. In 1995, during the Clinton administration, a proposal  was made by Democratic House Member Barbara Jordan, leading the  Commission on Immigration that made almost the exact same proposal in  1995.   This was just not a partisan issue until now. For some reason,  because President Trump wants to propose it, it is an angry Republican  issue. It has been a bipartisan, commonsense issue for a long time on  how to deal with an obvious issue in our immigration reform.   I would encourage my colleagues to read the bill and see what is in  it, not what is being said in the media about it. See what is really in  it, and if there is a question and a dialogue about it, let's amend it.  Let's go through it because it is a very unique and powerful  opportunity to set it right for those individuals who are in the DACA  and DACA-eligible population to finally not be in limbo but to finally  have permanence and to know they are home in this country where most of  them have grown up; that they are not just long-term guests, they are  home.   This is the way to resolve this but at the same time do what  Americans have cried for, for a long time--actually secure our borders  and start the process of reforming our immigration system in a way that  makes sense for everybody--for the immigrant, for the born citizen of  the United States, for the naturalized citizen, and to make sure it is  fair for everyone. That is not unreasonable. In fact, it is a good  idea.   If it were only proposed by someone else, I think a lot of folks on  both sides of the aisle would agree with it. Take the politics out of  it and look at the policy. Let's resolve this for the country.   I yield back.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   