 Mr. President, moments ago, I was outside at a rally on  the lawn of the Capitol, looking at the Supreme Court of the United  States of America. When you look at that beautiful building, you see  the phrase ``equal justice under law'' above the big, beautiful doors  of entry--equal justice under law. That is the concept behind the  Supreme Court. Every other court can make decisions, but they can be  appealed--the final determination, balancing the parts of the  Constitution against each other, understanding and exercising the  fundamental vision contained in this beautiful ``We the People''  document. That is what those nine Justices are all about.   For an individual to become a Justice, it takes two steps. The first  is, it is considered by the President as to whom to nominate. Having  nominated, it comes over to the Senate. This is the confirmation  process.   The Founders, when they wrote the Constitution, wrestled with, how do  you appoint individuals to these key positions? They said: Well, we  could give the power to the assembly, so that would be a check on the  executive or a check on the judiciary getting out of control. But they  worried that Senators might trade favors: You put my friend in this  position; I will put your friend in that position.   They said that the nominating power needed to rest with one  individual--that being, of course, the President of the United States  of America.   Then they said: What happens if a President goes off track? Alexander  Hamilton spoke to this and called it favoritism--favoritism of a  variety of types. What if the President goes off track and starts  nominating friends when they are qualified for particular positions?  What if he only nominates people from his home State, ignoring the  qualities of many people who might be better qualified? What if there  comes a situation where perhaps favors are done for the President in  exchange for a position? The Founders said that there needs to be a  check; that is, the Senate confirmation process. It is a pretty good  design. I can't think of any one better.   Essentially, the confirmation process is like a job interview: Is  this individual fit to serve in the executive branch? Is this person  fit to be a judge? Is this person fit to be a Justice of the Supreme  Court of the United States of America? That term, ``fit,'' is the term  that Alexander Hamilton used when he was writing about the fundamental  goal of the Founders to decide if an individual by experience and  character was fit or unfit.   That is our job here. Throughout our history, it is a clear  separation of powers. The Senate cannot intervene in terms of whom the  President nominates, and the President cannot intervene in terms of the  review process of that nominee.   Now we have something that has happened in an extraordinary fashion.  It has never happened in the United States before, as far as we are  aware; that is, the President of the United States, President Trump,  has violated that separation of powers, and he has done so in three  fundamental ways.   After nominating, he did not leave the Senate to review the record.  He instead had his team call up Senators who lead the Judiciary  Committee and say: Don't let the Senate get their hands on any of the  records for the 3 years in which the nominee served as Staff Secretary.   That is a direct intervention, a violation of the separation of  powers. When I say ``he,'' I am referring to his team. That  intervention was unacceptable.   Then the Senate requested the records for the time he served on the  White House Counsel. In this case, the President assigned an individual  and gave him a stamp labeled ``Presidential  [[Page S6552]]  privilege,'' and that individual proceeded to stamp not 10 pages of  documents, not 100, not 1,000, not 10,000, but 100,000 pages of  relevant information were stamped ``Presidential privilege'' and were  not delivered to the Senate. The President of the United States,  instead of responding to the Senate's request for records, proceeded to  exercise what he referred to as Presidential privilege or what we know  to be Executive privilege and prevented the Senate from getting those  documents.   Why did that happen? We got some of the documents that made it  through that censorship process but not all of them. From the documents  we did receive, we found some information. We found out that when he  served, he had been very involved in several nominations, discussions  on nominations, even though he had indicated he had not played much of  a role. We found out that he was involved in the conversation on  torture, even though he had said he had not been involved. We found out  that he had directly received documents stolen from the Democrats, even  though he said he had not received those documents. That is just in the  documents received. What is in the 100,000 documents the President  marked ``Presidential privilege'' so we could not get them? What is  being hidden in those documents?   This violation of separation of powers--a violation that has never  occurred in this manner to this degree, to this extent or anything  close to it as far as any researcher has been able to ascertain--is  unacceptable. The Senate must stand up for its right to be able to  review the record of nominees.   Sure, some of my colleagues are pretty happy that these documents got  blocked because they don't want to know what is in them because they  have already made up their minds. But reverse the situation. Consider  that maybe a different President is in place, proposing a judge of a  different judicial philosophy.   Do we really want to compromise the fundamental rights of the Senate,  their responsibilities of the Senate of advice and consent? We do not.  It is wrong. Each of us, every one of us, took an oath of office to  uphold the Constitution. Now, that Constitution gives each of us, every  one of us, the responsibility to review the record of nominees and  decide if they are fit or unfit, and none of us can do that if we don't  have those records.   So let's stand up together and tell the President to deliver those  documents. Well, now, you might ask: Isn't there some justification for  this Presidential privilege? Consider this: These are records that  occurred under President Bush, but it is not President Bush asserting  privilege, it is President Trump. How could his--that is, President  Trump's--conversations be compromised by records from a previous  administration? Doesn't this sound suspicious?   The only reason anyone can think of is not that they compromise  confidential information about the Trump administration but that simply  they have information that would not look good in regard to our review  of Judge Kavanaugh's record.   So when you have this situation, this abuse of power, we sometimes  turn to the courts to say stop that abuse, and that is what I have  done. I filed suit and said: Stop this abuse of power by the President  stepping in and blocking the Senate from seeing those 100,000  documents, for which no justification has been provided.   It isn't that the President said: Well, on this page there is this  type of sensitive information and that is protected because it affects  my administration. No, no justification. So that alone tells you this  Senate should never confirm this individual because we have not had the  opportunity to review his record. The President is hiding these  documents. He does not want us to see them because it probably has a  lot of information unbecoming to this nominee. You don't hear the  nominee saying: No. Deliver the records. I want the Senate to know  everything about me. No, the nominee is not interested in us being able  to actually see his judicial views or his character in that context. So  this is one reason he should be rejected.   How about this. Should anyone serve on the Supreme Court, that  beautiful place where we consider equal justice under the law, who has  repeatedly lied to the U.S. Senate during his confirmation hearings? He  lied in 2006 time after time. My colleagues who served in 2006--I did  not--have pointed this out in detail. He lied on key issues, key issues  related to the documents I was referring to.   Then we had his performance in the Senate just last week where he  proceeded to tell all kinds of whoppers. The press has laid them out.  Some articles talk about 20-plus whoppers he has told, and by  ``whoppers,'' I mean lies. I mean deceptions. I mean inaccuracies. I  mean things he knew not to be true. That is unacceptable, to put any  individual on the Court who cannot be truthful when questioned before  Congress.   Then we have the fact that he has this record of engaging in behavior  abusive to women. Now, it took a lot of courage for Dr. Ford to come  forward and tell her experiences in high school, and it took a lot of  courage for Debbie Ramirez to come forward and talk about her  experiences in her freshman year. She shared how Mr. Kavanaugh--Judge  Kavanaugh--had directly engaged in massively inappropriate sexual  behavior.   When women come forward to share these experiences, we need to treat  them with respect; we need to treat them with dignity; we need to hear  them; we need to understand their pain, but what did the Senators on  the Senate Judiciary Committee majority do? They hired a prosecutor in  order to treat her as a criminal. Yes, the 11 Republican men hired a  prosecutor to treat Dr. Ford as a criminal when she appeared before the  committee.   Now, she asked for an FBI investigation. The committee didn't want to  give it to her. The leadership of the committee didn't want to give it  to her, and I praise my colleague from Arizona who said it is so  important to investigate the credibility of her story, to talk to those  who have additional information. She asked for that. She invited that.  She wanted that.   She provided a list of eight individuals whom, if you want to  corroborate her story, these are the people you should talk to.   So the President, at the request of my good friend from Arizona,  said: Yes, we will reopen the background investigation, the FBI  investigation, but the President produced a scoping document that says  whom the FBI can talk to. So of those eight women, those eight women  who are on Dr. Ford's list, you would expect, if the goal was to  explore her experience as she presented it, the FBI would be authorized  by the President to speak to all eight. To my colleagues, have you paid  attention to how many individuals the FBI was allowed by President  Trump to talk to who were on that list--Dr. Ford's list? The answer is  zero.   So any colleague in this Chamber who says that was fair treatment of  Dr. Ford I will contend is absolutely wrong because Dr. Ford presented  individuals who had relevant information, and the President's scoping  document prevented the FBI from talking to them.    Now let's talk about Debbie Ramirez. She is there during Judge  Kavanaugh's freshman year at Yale, in the dorm, and he behaves in a  totally inappropriate manner, according to the information she relayed  about excessive drinking, followed by this individual, this nominee,  exposing himself to her and laughing about it.   She provided a list of 20 individuals who have corroborating  information about that experience--20. So, of course, if the FBI was  going to reopen the background investigation and it was going to be an  investigation with any form of integrity, any form of legitimacy, any  form of fairness, the FBI would be allowed to talk to those 20 people.   How many of those 20 people did the President, in his scoping  document, allow the FBI to talk to? None. Zero. Not a single one. That,  again, is not fairness to the individual who came forward with her  experience.   Now, why is it that the President didn't want the FBI to actually  talk to these individuals? Well, let's discuss one of them. One of them  lived in the suite, lived right there in the same cluster of bedrooms  with a common area as did Mr. Kavanaugh that freshman year, and he  heard about this story in real time. He heard about it and he  remembered it and he thought it was outrageous that Mr. Kavanaugh had  behaved in this fashion.  [[Page S6553]]    Now, he remembered it so clearly that when he was in a discussion  with his roommate in his first year in graduate school, he shared that  story with his roommate years and years and years before Kavanaugh was  ever nominated to a judicial position. So here you have a suitemate who  heard the story of what was done by Mr. Kavanaugh to Debbie Ramirez,  who relayed that story to another student in his first year of graduate  school and who went to the FBI and said: Come and talk to me because I  can tell you she is telling the truth. I may not have witnessed it, but  I heard about it after it happened, and I am not making it up now  because I told somebody about it, and they are willing to come forward  and talk to you.   So it goes to the FBI. Could the FBI talk to him? No, they couldn't  because the President of the United States prohibited the FBI from  talking to anyone who had real information about the two experiences  those two women brought forward. That is just beyond wrong.   Think about how much worse this body is treating these two women than  the Senate treated Anita Hill in 1991. Think about that comparison. You  would think in the nearly three decades since we would have improved,  27 years--but have we?   With Anita Hill, the President immediately reopened the FBI  investigation of his own volition, wanting to get a full background  check of the issue. The committee held hearings over multiple days, had  multiple people come forward who had corroborating information. They  heard them out.   How many of those 28 individuals have been given an opportunity to  come before the Judiciary Committee to share their experience? Not a  one. The leadership of the Judiciary Committee has blocked all of  them--has not invited one of them to share their story. The President  blocked the FBI from talking to them. The leadership at Judiciary  blocked the Judiciary Committee of this body from hearing them out.   This is perhaps the worst example of injustice we could envision in  this body, and I would like to call it an esteemed body, but how can I  call it that when my colleagues are treating these women in such a  horrific fashion?   Should an individual serve on the Supreme Court based on this job  interview that we are conducting? Would you hire this individual into  your company, into a position of trust, after the testimony of these  two women? Wouldn't you say: If I am even giving a thought to hiring  the individual, I will check out these stories, not block these women  from being able to have the corroborating information shared with the  Senate, not block the FBI from being able to talk to them? No. This is  a failure. We cannot allow this to stand. We have a responsibility,  particularly more with the Supreme Court than any other organization,  to exercise our advice and consent through a responsible process, a  process of integrity, of fairness, of decency, of transparency, none of  which is happening at this point.   So we have deep differences over this man's judicial philosophy, but  I know that if he is rejected, then the President will propose someone  of a similar judicial philosophy. So my colleagues who support that  philosophy can be assured they will have a chance to put another person  in who hasn't lied to the Senate, another person who doesn't have a  record of abuse toward women.   I heard some interviews this evening of some of my colleagues saying  things like: Oh, it is so horrific that these women are trashing his  reputation.   Are you really telling me that for a woman to share a horrific  experience from her life, who is willing to have the FBI investigate it  and who provides people who have corroborating information, you are  calling that an attack? You are calling that person the wrong person?  How dare they come forward with their story, you are saying. That is  just wrong. That is so completely wrong to treat women in that fashion.   So to my colleagues who want somebody of a similar judicial  perspective, you will have a chance to have that person, but you will  do incredible harm to this institution if this man, after this record,  is put onto the Court, and that is why he needs to be rejected.   That is why the President should withdraw him. That is why my  Republican colleagues should call up the President and say: Withdraw  this nominee and send us another.   I happen to disagree with his judicial philosophy as well. We are in  a battle in this country between the ``we the people'' vision of the  Constitution, as it was written, and a rewrite done by a group of  lawyers who want to have government not by and for the people but by  and for the powerful: Don't worry about those consumers. Let the  company run over the top of them. Don't worry about those healthcare  opportunities. Snatch them away. Don't worry about those environmental  laws. Knock them down.   It is government by and for the powerful. That is Kavanaugh.  Kavanaugh has gone through decades of a process designed to prepare him  to execute that philosophy--government by and for the powerful on the  Court. They are so happy. The powerful in this country are so happy to  jam him through that they are putting extreme pressure on my colleagues  to approve him despite his horrific personal record.   I say to my colleagues: Stand up for the integrity of the Senate.  Stand up for the legitimacy of the Supreme Court. Don't allow  yourselves to be brought into a vortex of determined outside power  saying: This must be done, and this must be done now, and this must be  done with this flawed individual.   I am deeply disturbed--deeply disturbed--about where we stand right  now with the vote to close debate tomorrow and to send this body into  30 hours of final debate before a decision. That timeline gives us no  chance that the courts can provide us the documents that have been  censored by the President of the United States. It gives no chance to  reawaken the opportunity of the committee to hear from those 28  individuals whom the FBI did not investigate because the President of  the United States wouldn't let them--no chance to get to true justice.   Remember that phrase across the front of the Supreme Court: ``Equal  justice under law.'' That phrase will be tarnished, the Court deeply  diminished, and the people deeply divided, if we proceed to the  confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh.   Thank you, Mr. President.   