 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R.  5515.   Let's put this in historical context: In 1941, Congress passed the  Berry amendment, which requires the Department of Defense to purchase  certain items only from American companies. That list includes  American-made products and already includes textiles, clothing, shoes,  food, and certain tools. Our amendment would simply add dinnerware.   America has some of the best and most talented producers of nontoxic,  lead-free dinnerware in the globe. Companies like Coors in Tucson,  Arizona; Emerson Creek in Bedford, Virginia; and Homer Laughlin in West  Virginia.   It makes common sense that when we purchase equipment for our  military, whether it is weapons, food or supplies, it is incumbent upon  us to consider American jobs as well.   This amendment solidifies that belief. It shows our strong support  for American manufacturing and already has been supported and endorsed  by the Alliance for American Manufacturing. Importantly, it would  ensure access to safe dinnerware for our military, free from lead or  other carcinogenic materials.   According to the National Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug  Administration, there have been numerous violations involving lead and  other contaminants in dinnerware coming from China, Mexico, and other  suppliers around the world leading to concerns for their use by  American troops.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to stand with American  manufacturers, safety and health concerns, and the jobs that are  created in our communities by supporting this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the remarks of the chairman.   As far as it relates to national security, our schools and our  hospitals all across America consider it a serious enough situation on  their chinaware because of the lead content and other carcinogenic  materials that they have mandated for the health of our children across  America that they must have lead-free chinaware.   But, unfortunately, what is happening for our military is that we  don't  [[Page H4662]]  have that requirement. By putting lead-free American products in, we  would be able to have control. You say our troops can get sick from  tainted food. They can get sick as well from the plates that they eat  from if it migrates out of the material into their food when you put  hot contents on it or cook it in a microwave. Those things can happen  with that.   If the schools and the hospitals think it is enough of a concern that  they make this mandate, quite frankly, I think we ought to consider the  same thing for our troops so that they are not made sick.   As far as the price and the quality, if that language in the Berry  amendment deals with satisfactory quality and fair price is the  standard, all we are doing is adding that to it.   So I don't see that issue being valid on this, because if it is not  good quality, even if it is American-made, you are going to be able at  a very minimum to acquire it from someone else at the same time.   Mr. Chairman, again, I urge my colleagues to stand with us on this  issue of American-made products safe for our troops.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   