 Mr. Speaker, first, I just want to say to all  my colleagues that I respect the passionate views that are on display  here. I think this has been a very passionate and interesting debate.  What I would like to do is try and bring a little clarity to this  debate.   I want to thank the minority leader for coming up and speaking  against the Amash amendment and in favor of the underlying bipartisan  amendment.   We, on a bipartisan basis, have been working with the Senate and the  White House to get this right, to add even more privacy protections to  the law, even more than the status quo, to add the warrant requirement  that this underlying bill has.   Let me try and clear up some of the confusion. There has been wide  reporting and discussion here in the House about parts of the FISA  statute that affect citizens. It is a big law. It is a big statute with  lots of pieces. Title I of the FISA law is what you see in the news  that applies to U.S. citizens. That is not what we are talking about  here. This is Title VII section 702.    This is about foreign terrorists on foreign soil. That is what this  is about. So let's clear up some of the confusion here. Let me give you  two examples of what this program has done to keep our people safe, two  declassified examples.   Number one, this program, in March of 2016, gave us the intelligence  we needed to go after and kill ISIS' finance minister, because of the  intelligence collected under this program, a foreign terrorist on  foreign soil, the number two man at ISIS who was in line to become the  next leader. This program helped us get the information to stop him.   I came here before 9/11. I remember hearing upon hearing in the 9/11  Commission about the old firewall. We were seeing what was going on  overseas, terrorists like Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan were doing all  these things, and we couldn't pass that information on to our  authorities here in America. We had this firewall that prevented us  from connecting the dots. That was the big phrase we used back then in  the early 2000s.   If we pass the Amash amendment, we bring that firewall right back up.  You pass the Amash amendment and defeat this underlying bill, we go  back to those days where we are flying blind on protecting our country  from terrorism.   Let me give Members an example. This program has not only stopped  many attacks, but let me tell you about one: a plot in 2009 to blow up  New York's subway system. This was used to understand what people were  planning overseas and what they were trying to do here in America so  that we could connect the dots and stop that particular terrorist  attack.   That is why this has to be renewed. That is why, among many other  reasons, section 702, a program designed to go after foreign terrorists  on foreign soil, is so essential. If this Amash amendment passes, it  kills the program.   If this underlying bill fails, there is one of two things that will  happen. The status quo will be continued, meaning no additional privacy  protections, no warrant requirement--status quo. That doesn't do  anything to advance the concerns that have been voiced on the floor or,  even worse, we go dark; 702 goes down. We don't know what the  terrorists are up to. We can't send that information to our authorities  to prevent terrorist attacks. The consequences are really high.   One of the most important things we are placed in charge to do is to  make decisions, not based on TV, not based on internet, but based on  facts, based on reality, and we are supposed to make those decisions to  keep our country safe.   This strikes the balance that we must have between honoring and  protecting privacy rights of U.S. citizens, honoring civil liberties,  and making sure that we have the tools we need in this day and age of  21st century terrorism to keep our people safe. That is what this does.  That is why I ask everyone, on a bipartisan basis, to vote ``no'' on  the Amash amendment and to vote ``yes'' on the underlying bill.   