 Mr. President, thank you for the opportunity to be here  to talk with my colleagues about the importance of the Land and Water  Conservation Fund. I am pleased to be here.   Over the past several months, the press conference Senator Burr  referred to marking 100 days until the expiration of Land and Water  Conservation Fund--we have since come to the floor offering unanimous  consent agreements. We have introduced legislation. We fought for  amendments to make sure we extend not just temporarily, not just for a  year or two but to make sure we fight for the permanent reauthorization  of the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   I was struck by the words Senator Burr said, in particular, about the  suffering in his home State of North Carolina and the aftermath of  Hurricane Florence. I was reminded of a quote that Enos Mills, one of  the Founding Fathers of Rocky Mountain National Park, said about our  national places and spaces. I think you can apply this to public lands  everywhere, the public parks, national parks, forests, you name it. He  said: ``Within national parks is room--glorious room--room in which to  find ourselves, in which to think and hope, to dream and plan, to rest  and resolve.''   That is the importance of our public lands across the West, across  the East, and everywhere in this country--from corner to corner--as we  fight to preserve our most sacred places.   Senator Daines, there have been valiant efforts in Montana to  preserve our public lands in both of our States--public land States. In  Colorado, if you add in the State and Federal public lands, you are  looking at nearly half the State of Colorado and of course the numbers  you laid out earlier. These are important management issues, important  issues to resolve. Then, once in a while, there is an opportunity ahead  of us to preserve a parcel of land, a portion of forests for a  recreational opportunity for future generations. We use the Land and  Water Conservation Fund to do just that.   Teddy Roosevelt said: ``There is a delight in the hardy life of the  open.'' He went on to say: ``The nation behaves well if it treats the  natural resources as assets which it must turn over to the next  generation increased; and not impaired in value.''   That is what the Land and Water Conservation Fund allowed us to do. I  want to show you a picture of an incredible, glorious space in Colorado  I visited a few weeks back. This is the Black Canyon of the Gunnison  National Park. It is pretty impressive. I can tell you, if you are able  to go down next to the Gunnison River and enjoy that opportunity to be  alone, to be in that space, you indeed will live up to Enos Mills'  quote, where you will be able to find that time to think and hope, to  dream and plan, to rest, and to resolve.   If you look at this canyon, you will notice some of the uplands, the  flats, the rim of the canyon. You would assume that would have been a  part of the national park. When they created the Black Canyon of the  Gunnison National Park, there was a private holding, and you can see  part of it right here.   Imagine the risk to this great national park, this great public place  that could be posed by somebody who decided they wanted to develop that  space, and all of a sudden that great natural wonder, the great open  space this presents to not just the people of Colorado but truly people  around the world would be gone, would be blemished, would be impaired.   We worked with the Land and Water Conservation Fund. In bipartisan  fashion, Senator Bennet, myself, and Congressman Tipton have had great  bipartisan support from within the Colorado congressional delegation-- Congressman Lamborn, Congressman Tipton, Congressman Coffman. They all  strongly support the Land and Water Conservation Fund. In this case-- the Western Slope of Colorado--Congressman Tipton, Senator Bennet, and  I worked with the agencies in Colorado, which do so much great work, to  make a purchase of this private land using Land and Water Conservation  Fund dollars. In this case, it was the conservation fund out of  Boulder, CO.   If we go to the next chart, you can see where that land was. This is  Bruce Noble, the superintendent of the Black Canyon of the Gunnison  National Park, and he is pointing--that river is just right down here,  and this is the land the Land and Water Conservation Fund helped to  purchase so that this asset will be preserved for future generations.  Not just for 5 years or 10 years, but for as long as this great and  hallowed Nation exists, you will be able to come to the Black Canyon of  the Gunnison National Park and be at one with your thoughts, your self,  and you will have the opportunity to think, to resolve, to plan, to  hope. That is the respite that this brings to all of us, because we are  better people knowing that some of our most wild and natural places  exist in truly wild and natural spaces.   To the leadership of the Conservation Fund, Christine Quinlan, and  the other folks who have worked with the Land and Water Conservation  Fund, thank you for making this possible. This is just one of many  examples in Colorado. In fact, over $268 million has been appropriated  to Colorado through the Land and Water Conservation Fund to make  purchases such as this in a recreation economy in Colorado that is  responsible for over 230,000 jobs in the State of Colorado alone and an  outdoor economy that is nearly $10 billion in wages and salaries and $2  billion in State and local tax revenues--a nearly $30 billion outdoor  economy overall in Colorado. That is what the Land and Water  Conservation Fund is able to be a part of.   So this isn't just about protecting our open spaces. It is not just  about protecting these great, sacred lands that we have. It is also  about a thriving economy in Colorado, in Montana, and in North  Carolina, and the opportunities we have to drive those outdoor  economies with hundreds of thousands of jobs and billions of dollars in  revenue. This Congress, in a bipartisan fashion, passed legislation to  promote that outdoor economy, but it is all related back to this crown  jewel of our conservation programs, the Land and Water Conservation  Fund.   We are just days away from seeing the clock tick 1 day beyond what it  should and what we should allow. And I think one of the reasons we are  here is that we have heard the frustration of our voters back in  Colorado, North Carolina, and Montana who get frustrated with  Washington and are probably wondering why something that everybody  agrees with can take so long to get done. Washington seems to be the  only place where the more people agree with it, the longer it takes to  happen. So let's fix that.   I truly am grateful to Senator Burr for the times he has come to the  floor with Democrats and Republicans alike to champion this. I thank  Senator Daines for his leadership. We have days left. We have hours  remaining. We should work with every moment to make sure we get this  reauthorization--permanent reauthorization, full funding--across the  finish line. It is an honor to be with my colleagues to fight for this  great program.   