 Mr. Speaker, international law of armed conflict prohibits  the use of innocent men, women and children to deter an attack. This  cowardly and disgraceful strategy is known as using human shields. And  it's rightly deemed a war crime.   Yet since the violent takeover of Gaza in 2007, Hamas has repeatedly  put the lives of Palestinian civilians at risk by brutally using them  as human shields. Hamas also terrorizes Palestinians--the very people  they claim to represent--with summary executions and torture in Gaza.   Hamas regularly launches indiscriminate attacks on civilian  populations in Israel from densely populated positions in Gaza, often  in or near schools, mosques or hospitals. Hamas also routinely forces  Palestinian civilians to gather on the roofs of their homes to act as  human shields.   This means that every time Hamas fires a rocket, it is committing not  one, but two, war crimes: targeting civilians in Israel while  shamelessly using human shields in Gaza. Today, the Gaza Strip is a  terrorist sanctuary on Israel's borders.   The legislation we are considering today, H.R. 3542, appropriately  holds Hamas responsible for its repeated use of human shields--as well  as their enablers, like the Iranian regime. It imposes targeted  sanctions and calls for action at the United Nations Security Council  to put an end to this heinous practice.   The world cannot let terrorists embed forces among civilian  populations, using them as human shields, without taking action.   I thank the gentleman from South Carolina, Representative Wilson, for  authoring this legislation and urge my colleagues to support it.    Mr. Speaker, forty-five years ago, after the signing of  the 1973 Paris Peace Accords, 556 American military personnel and  twenty-five civilians boarded American C-141s  [[Page H1090]]  and finally ended their long, extremely trying captivity in Vietnam.   For most Americans, Operation Homecoming marked the end of U.S.  involvement in the Vietnam conflict. However, the heroes that survived  torture and mistreatment within Vietnamese prison camps, such as the  infamous ``Hanoi Hilton,'' know that the job is not finished.   One of our most sacred vows to members of our Armed Services is that  no American soldier will be left behind on the field of battle. None  understand this better than the gentleman from Texas, Congressman Sam  Johnson--fighter pilot, prisoner of war, and American hero.   Colonel Sam Johnson's 29 years in the Air Force was marked with valor  and selfless service. A combat veteran of both the Korean and Vietnam  conflicts, he was twice awarded the Silver Star, our nation's third  highest award for gallantry in action, and the Distinguished Flying  Cross for valor and heroism in aerial flight, in his more than eighty  career combat missions.   Since regaining his freedom 45 years ago, Congressman Johnson has  remained a staunch advocate for veterans and their families, as  attested by being awarded the National Patriot award, the Congressional  Medal of Honor Society's highest civilian accolade, for his tireless  work to help improve livelihoods and to provide closure for families of  missing U.S. soldiers.   The Department of Defense estimates that more than 82,000 U.S.  personnel have still not been accounted for from previous wars and  conflicts. We must ensure that we do everything we can to fulfill the  promise to our nation's heroes: that we will not leave anyone behind on  foreign battlefields.   As this resolution importantly recognizes, cooperation with foreign  governments is key to efforts to recover, identify, and account for all  missing U.S. personnel. I thank the gentleman from Texas, Sam Johnson,  for his life of service, and for authoring this legislation.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting it.   