 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I particularly want to thank the chairman for getting  the Water Resources Development bills back on track. We had gone many  years without an authorization, and the chairman made it a priority to  do this every 2 years.   We also have created a new process through which we provide some  direction to the Corps of Engineers on where to invest their scarce  resources.   If I had my way, or maybe if we have different leadership in the next  Congress, we would go back to a much simpler, explicit process where we  would designate high-priority local infrastructure investment as needed  in the certain areas around the United States of America to better  facilitate commerce. But that is for another day.   This is a good bill. It is a bipartisan bill. There is, however, one  problem. That problem is that Ronald Reagan worked with a Democratic  Congress to create a harbor maintenance trust fund funded by a  miniscule ad valorem tax on the value of goods that come in from  overseas and pass through our ports. Consistently, Congress has  underspent those funds under both Democratic and Republican leadership.   Many years ago, I started to work with the chairman's father on this  very issue. That is more than two decades ago now. We did make  substantial progress in the last Congress and in this Congress.   An amendment that I offered to the water resources bill put us on a  track toward spending all of the tax that is collected for harbor  maintenance on harbor maintenance.   Now, I know that is kind of shocking in this town, that you would  collect a tax from people and then spend it on the thing for which it  is dedicated, but I think that would be right.   My proposal was adopted unanimously in the committee twice. Then  Speaker Ryan, through his control of the Rules Committee, reached into  the bill and extracted that amendment.   Why would they do that when we, on an average daily basis, have less  than 40 percent of the authorized capacity at our 59 largest harbors?   Why would we cripple United States commerce and shipping interests?  Why would we do that?   Well, so they can pretend that the deficit is a little tiny bit less.  When it comes to taxes, a trillion dollars here, a trillion dollars  there, we don't care about deficits. But when it comes to spending the  harbor maintenance tax on harbor maintenance, we can skim off a few  hundred million dollars every year and put it over here in an imaginary  trust fund that we never spend.   So it is a bunch of BS that we are doing that. You should not be  collecting taxes from the American people and then not spending money  on the intended and needed purpose.   The Corps' estimate is that they need about $20 million to bring all  harbors up to authorized depths in the next 10 years. If we were  spending the full harbor maintenance trust fund income on an annual  basis and spending down the balance that has already accumulated, we  could exceed that goal and deal with other issues, such as jetty  problems and the like.   The White House has come up with a brilliant and different solution.  They want to reduce the harbor maintenance tax so we will never, ever  bring up our ports to authorized depths.   In any case, that is the major problem with this bill.   The chairman has already mentioned a number of the attributes of this  bill. There is a provision that potentially will make the Corps more  efficient on dredging projects and look at multiyear as opposed to  annual contracts. The Corps is getting some tools to respond to climate  change--I can't believe we got that in there--sea level rise, and  natural disasters.   It requires the Corps to be more transparent in how it chooses  projects. As I mentioned earlier, I think Congress should be a little  more direct there. Again, that is for another day.   It has provisions that are important to my district and my State,  which are fully justified.   Mr. Speaker, again, it is a good, bipartisan project, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Mrs. Napolitano), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on  Water Resources and Environment.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from California an  additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Pallone).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Mrs. Dingell).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Massachusetts (Mr. Kennedy).   (Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his  remarks.)    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time if the gentleman has more speakers.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Again, I want to particularly congratulate the chairman on his  accomplishment of resuscitating regular WRDA reauthorizations, and  this, of course, will be the last time in which he will be on the floor  on this particular issue.   I would also like to thank the staff, Ryan Seiger, Mike Brain; from  Representative Napolitano's office, Joe Sheehy; and a special thanks to  legislative counsel, whose staff tells me was absolutely fabulous on  this, Kakuti Lin. And then, of course, I believe the chairman will  thank his staff, but I would also extend thanks to them but not name  them individually if he is going to do that.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, today, I voted in support of the Conference  Report for H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and  Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act of 2019.   The legislation includes several provisions that I strongly support,  including nearly $7 billion for the Army Corps of Engineers.  Specifically, this legislation provides $1.55 billion, $149 million  above the 2018 enacted level, to Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund projects  to ensure that critical harbor and port projects receive the funding  they need. It also includes $86.5 billion for the Department of  Veterans Affairs, including $8.6 billion for mental health, $348  million for opioid treatment and prevention, and $206 million for  suicide prevention programs.   Despite funding these vital programs, I have concerns with a number  of provisions included in the Conference Report. This legislation  authorizes more than $97 billion, including $921 million to the  Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) fund, an account which is not  counted in the budget and is not paid for. It adds to the deficit and  is used as a slush fund by the Pentagon.   Unlike every other federal agency, the Department of Defense (DOD)  has yet to complete a financial audit; taxpayers deserve to know how  the biggest bureaucracy in the federal government spends their money.   Additionally, the bill prohibits the closing of Guantanamo Bay, which  costs more than $100 million each year to house 41 prisoners and has  been used as a top recruiting tool by terrorists. The bottom line is  that the prison has been a black eye for the United States, has eroded  relationships with our allies, undermined U.S. missions abroad, and put  U.S. citizens and our troops at risk of retaliation.   