 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Madam President, by any account, this has been a  momentous week in the history of the Trump Presidency and the history  of Presidencies in general. President Trump's former campaign manager  was convicted on eight counts and still has another trial to go. The  President's former personal attorney--his lifelong compadre for so  long--pled guilty to multiple violations of bank fraud and campaign  finance violations, implicating the President of the United States  himself in one of those crimes. Let me repeat that. President Trump was  named as an unindicted coconspirator in a Federal crime.   What did we hear from our Republican friends on the Hill? Was this  the moment when Republican leaders finally stood up and said  ``enough''? Amazingly, apparently not. Apparently, my Republican  colleagues cannot rouse themselves to offer even a word of criticism  for a President now implicated in a Federal crime; a President who  casually tosses around the idea of pardoning his convicted former  campaign chairman; a President who speaks favorably about that  convicted felon because he didn't break, while disparaging a former  confidant for collaborating with law enforcement. It sounds like a  scene out of the ``Godfather.''   Imagine if President Obama's campaign manager was convicted of  several serious Federal crimes. Do you think my Republican friends  would give circumspect quotes to reporters, or do you think they would  be beside me on the floor beside themselves? The answer is obvious.  Yet, when it comes to a President of their own party, there is hardly a  word of criticism or censure from our Republican friends.  [[Page S5873]]    At some point, after the ``Access Hollywood'' tape, after  Charlottesville, after the Helsinki summit, and now after these most  recent revelations, the broad failure of the Republican Party in  Congress to condemn the President's behavior and what that behavior is  doing to the American character becomes a form of complicity.   Without strong voices in his party to tell him when he goes too far,  the Republicans have become complicit in bringing down the character of  the United States, which is probably the best thing we have going for  us. The President keeps destroying, hurting, and gnawing at that  character with amazing narcissism, with total ego, with bullying, and  with misstatements of truth after truth. Our Republican friends--the  only ones who can really stop him; we can't--just shrug their  shoulders. President Trump thinks he can keep testing the boundaries,  and our Republican friends say: Go right ahead. We are not going to  stop you. We are going to be quiet. We are going to be silent.   It seems that Republican Party leaders have made the ultimate  Faustian bargain: forgoing their duty to the Constitution and the  country in exchange for a corporate tax cut and stacking the courts.  They are willing to ignore the corruption and lawbreaking so long as  they have someone in the White House to sign their tax cuts, to gut  healthcare, which they despise, and to nominate conservative ideologues  to the bench.   The mantra of the Republican majority in the 115th Congress is ``put  your head in the sand.'' The symbol of the Republican Party--the  elephant--is being replaced with the ostrich, the bird that puts its  head in the sand when trouble occurs. They must tell themselves: Put  your head in the sand; we want to pass a corporate tax cut. Put your  head in the sand; we want to eviscerate Obama's healthcare law, even if  it means raising costs on working Americans. Put your head in the sand  like an ostrich; we want a conservative majority on the Supreme Court.  If you ask me, the price of that Faustian bargain has already become  too steep.   I have real admiration for the ``Never Trumpers,'' hard-right  conservatives who hardly agree with me on anything, but they have had  the courage to say that the character of America, which Donald Trump  day by day is destroying, is more important than a tax cut or a nominee  to the Supreme Court because if our character goes away, we won't have  much left.   We all know what Donald Trump did. When I saw the majority leader in  the House talk on FOX News, I said to myself, he must believe that  Trump did what it is alleged he did--paid dollars to someone to avoid  her telling what happened between her and him. Everyone knows that is  true. No one doubts it is true. The President knows it is true, I am  sure. Yet, the Republican ostrich puts his head in the sand and ignores  the day-by-day erosion of the American character that Donald Trump  creates.   The Faustian bargain has become too steep, my Republican friends.  Consideration of country and Constitution aside, if my Republican  colleagues remain silent, the party will become coconspirator in the  culture of corruption that surrounds this President.   Now is the time for the Republican leaders to do what is best for  their party and for their country. Sometimes it is as simple as saying  ``enough'' to this President. It would be far better, in addition to  our Republican colleagues speaking out, to pass legislation to protect  the special counsel from political interference, to hold hearings on  the power of the President to pardon, to pass legislation to bolster  election security and to hold Russia accountable, and to use Congress's  power to investigate the serious crimes that were committed by the  President's close associates during the election. But it has to start  with our Republican colleagues recognizing the moment we are in and  looking back at figures like Howard Baker, who rose to the occasion in  a similar situation 45 years ago. Where are the Howard Bakers? Where  are our Republican colleagues who--I know they love this country, but  it is either fear or expediency or something else not admirable that is  making them complicit with the President in their ostrich-like silence.   It is time, my Republican friends, to quote the Scriptures, to speak  truth to power.   