 Mr. Speaker, I want to commend my friend from New  Jersey and the work that he has put into this.   I rise today in support of this much-needed legislation that would  increase the limit that small companies looking for additional  investments and investors can solicit under Reg. A+. These deals would  increase from $50 million to $75 million. This will enhance capital  formation for growing small companies that are exploring crowdfunding  as a method to raise capital.   The JOBS Act has proven to be wildly successful, and this program has  proven itself successful as well. Yet it can be even more so with this  modest increase.   So, specifically, the legislation further strengthens the ability for  small- to mid-sized companies to attract more traditional underwriters  and more sophisticated investors into the Reg. A+ process.   Reg. A+ has been termed a ``Mini IPO'' or an ``IPO to go,'' and for  good reason. While the cost of doing a full-blown IPO has skyrocketed,  and the crowdfunding industry has been adopting Reg. A+ and leveraging  it to raise growth capital for a fraction of what a traditional full- blown IPO would be, would cost, while still having access to the  capital markets.   Like the chairman, I and many others on the committee have been  concerned about the decrease in these initial public offerings, or  IPOs, over the last number of years. Reg. A+ has been able to step in  and help fill that gap. It provides much greater flexibility and  marketing to potential investors, both accredited an non-accredited,  while maintaining important consumer protections that everybody agrees  needs to be there.    Despite Reg. A+ being cheaper and faster, however, major underwriters  and broker dealers have been slow to fully adopt Reg. A+ because the  size of the increase up to that $50 million has really been minimal  compared to a traditional IPO.   Raising the Reg. A+ limit to $75 million is certainly a step in the  right direction to alleviate this problem, as it opens Reg. A+ to  larger companies that may be considering doing a full-blown traditional  IPO.   Additionally, this increased limit will have a positive impact for  smaller companies because it can attract some of the more traditional  underwriters to the process.   So, again, I want to congratulate my friend from New Jersey on his  work on this, and the chairman for really trying to push this issue  forward. It is an important piece that we have been dealing with on the  capital markets as we are trying to maintain and make sure that our  markets are the most liquid and deep in the world, and that maintains  that.   So I urge my colleagues to support this important bill.   