 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to call on my colleagues  to vote in favor of the Menendez-Murkowski amendment No. 3705, which I  understand we will be shortly voting on on the floor, to provide  implementation funding for the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act. Many of  our colleagues supported the authorizing bill when it was before the  Senate earlier this year, and it was subsequently passed and signed  into law by President Trump.   There are many words that come to mind when we think of  firefighters--``courage,'' ``heroism,'' and ``compassion''--but  tragically there is another word all too often associated with  firefighters, and that word is ``cancer.''   According to the International Association of Firefighters, cancer is  now the leading cause of death among firefighters. We know that  firefighters confront more than smoke and flames while on the job; they  also encounter dangerous fumes and toxins and known carcinogens that  pose serious health risks.   The Firefighter Cancer Registry Act we created is the first ever  national cancer registry for firefighters, and the law directs the  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to study the relationship  between career-long exposure to dangerous fumes and toxins and cancer.  Our Nation's first responders put their lives on the line every day,  whether it was charging into a burning building on September 11 or  fighting wildfires out West today. Every day, our firefighters strive  to protect us. This is the least we can do as a nation to protect them.   I hope all of us can unite in support of this amendment, which will  enable the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to carry out its  mission in the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act.   I thank my colleague from Alaska, Senator Murkowski, for her stalwart  commitment to this effort, both on the legislation that became law and  in the process of trying to get this appropriation.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   