 Mr. President, I just had a chance to hear my colleague  from Nevada talk a little bit about the importance of the tax cuts and  tax reform that this Chamber passed at the end of the year and that is  now in effect.   All I can say to my constituents is, this is the last year you are  going to have to file under the old code. You will have the new code  next year. Why is that important? Because it is simpler. It doubles the  standard deduction, as an example, which is a great simplification for  a lot of taxpayers. It also takes about 3 million people off the tax  rolls altogether.   Think about that. According to the Joint Committee on Taxation, over  3 million Americans, who currently have income tax liability, will no  longer have it under this new tax reform bill. Why? Because it focuses  on lowering the rates, doubling the standard deduction, and doubling  the child tax credit. That helps people who are lower income Americans,  who right now have tax liabilities and will not in the future. So it  will be easier for a lot of people a year from now because they will  have no tax-filing debate because they will not have any tax liability,  and for others, it is just a simpler form.   What is already happening this year is that the paychecks are  changing. Why? Because the IRS is saying the employees are going to get  more money in their paychecks because the employers are going to  withhold less as we go into 2018 because the tax proposals went into  effect at the beginning of this year. So even though this is the last  time we will have to file under the old code, people are already seeing  some of the benefits of tax reform.   When I go around Ohio, I talk to people, and they say: You know, Rob,  my paycheck has already changed. That is because 90 percent of  Americans are now being told they will have less withholding taken out  of their paychecks, again, because of the lower tax rate, doubling of  the child tax credit, and doubling of the standard deduction.   This is really helping. The average person in Ohio will probably see  maybe $30, $40, $50 every 2 weeks in their paycheck. That adds up. The  average in Ohio for a median income family is about $2,000 a year in  tax relief. That is the average. That is a big deal. That is not just  crumbs.   Most people I represent live paycheck to paycheck. Most people I  represent think $2,000 is really helpful. By the way, they tell me they  are using it. It might be for a long-planned vacation they couldn't  afford. It might be, as a couple of people have told me, to help with  healthcare because they couldn't afford to buy healthcare until they  had that extra $2,000 in their pocket--or more for some people--to be  able to afford healthcare.   For others--we heard a great story this morning from my colleague  from West Virginia about a woman who said her daughter used to have to  do her schoolwork at school or maybe at the library. She couldn't come  home to do it because they couldn't afford high-speed internet. Now she  can afford high-speed internet with this tax relief that is being  provided. So this is something that is actually affecting people right  now.   As you go to the post office to mail your form today, or as you send  it in electronically, just know it is going to get a little bit better,  a little bit simpler, with a little bit less tax liability.   By the way, the IRS has had some difficulty in accepting electronic  filings today--another reason we actually have had to go beyond just  tax reform, as important as that is, because we have to ensure we have  an IRS that is working for the American taxpayer. The taxpayer service,  the number of calls that are being answered, the number of answers  which will be given correctly, all of those indicators are concerning  right now. So we do need to ensure that the IRS has adequate funding to  respond to taxpayers but also that there are reforms at the IRS so  their computer systems do work, so the different stovepipe systems are  talking to each other.   So tax reform and tax relief are very important but also, as we have  seen today with this glitch with regard to electronic filing, we have  to make sure the IRS is up to the task and providing the taxpayer  service that people deserve.   The tax relief effort, though, wasn't just for families and  individuals. It also focuses on business relief. Why? Because we know  American companies were not competitive under the old code. You had  investment going overseas and you had jobs going overseas. There is tax  relief for small businesses and large businesses alike. We are hearing  more about that because we have seen a lot of headlines.   There was another one today about yet another major company that is  making some investments in this country.   I was at the Kroger company yesterday. Kroger is one of the largest  employers in the United States. It is a great grocery store chain--the  largest in the country, by the way. They happen to be headquartered in  Ohio. They made a huge announcement yesterday. They said they are going  to take the savings they got from the tax relief and tax reform  measure, and they are going to substantially give it back to their  employees.   The things they talked about were very interesting. One is to  increase the 401(k) match. That is important. They already give a 100- percent match. Now they are going to do it at 5 percent, rather than 4  percent, of people's salary. That is nice because people can save more  for their own retirement.   They talked about helping employees who are having a tough time  through the employee assistance program. They are increasing funding  for that program. They talked about the employee discount program so  the employees can buy more from their own stores, expanding more things  they can buy and how much they can buy with discounts. That helps their  employees.   They also talked about something I thought was really great, which is  continuing education--lifelong learning. They said they are going to  provide their employees with a $3,500-a-year--$3,500-a-year--stipend to  continue their education. Maybe it is getting a GED, or maybe it is  getting an MBA and everything in between, but they believe in  education. They want to help these employees be able to better  themselves. They believe that will also help them to keep people longer  term. This is part of how they are using the tax cut.   By the way, it is applicable to everybody who has been there for 6  months. You only have to be there for 6 months to apply for this. You  can be there part time or full time, and you get this assistance for  education. This is all coming from the tax relief this body passed.   Is it making a difference in the lives of your constituents? It  certainly is in the lives of my mine; I can tell you that.   I have now been to 13 different businesses around the State of Ohio,  and I have asked them this question directly: What is happening? What  are you doing? All of them tell me they are investing either in their  people or they are investing in their plants and equipment, helping the  technology so people can be more competitive and more effective at  doing their jobs.   I have also had a half dozen roundtable discussions, where I bring  small business owners together, and dozens of businesses have told me  what they are doing. Some are providing more healthcare coverage. In a  couple of cases--one is a small craft brewer in Ohio, another is an  auto parts company--they are providing healthcare for their employees  for the first time.   In one case, they had it before it got too expensive because of the  Affordable Care Act, and now they are able to provide healthcare for  their employees.  [[Page S2214]]  Another one had never provided healthcare because it was a small  business just getting started, and now they can provide healthcare for  their employees because of the savings from the tax bill.   Others are doing much more in terms of the community and charitable  giving, again, some with regard to 401(k)s and some with regard to new  equipment and machines to make their employees more productive.   When economists look at what is going on in our economy, they think:  Gosh, the reason wages haven't gone up much in the last decade--and,  really, it has been flat in Ohio--is because work productivity has not  been high enough. Well, this tax reform effort is providing more  investment to our companies.   I would much rather have people investing here in America than  investing overseas, and that is what was happening. Three times as many  American companies were bought by foreign companies last year, instead  of the other way around because of our Tax Code. There was a study out  by Ernst & Young that said 4,700 of companies went overseas. When they  do that, they take their investment with them. They take some of their  R&D with them.   We have done studies on this to be able to show that 4,700 companies  had gone overseas that would have stayed--American companies--just over  the last 13 years if we had the kind of tax reform in place we now  have. Those companies now have incentive to be here. They have  incentive to invest here.   Foreign companies now have an incentive to invest here. When they are  trying to decide between investing in Japan, China, or Europe, now they  look here and say: This is a lower tax rate, and you get immediate  expensing. In other words, when you buy something, you can expense it  more quickly, deduct it more quickly. That encourages investment here,  whether you are a U.S. company or a foreign company. That is why this  is exciting.    There is some new information out from the Congressional Budget  Office that talks about economic growth, and it says that because of  the tax reform effort, we are seeing higher growth rates. For this  year--the year we are in right now--the Congressional Budget Office had  projected 2 percent economic growth--pretty weak. I mean, it is growth,  but it is not enough to get wages up. It is not enough to really get  people the opportunities they are looking for when they work hard and  play by the rules. Guess what they are saying now: 3.3 percent, not 2  percent. So 3.3 percent economic growth is projected for this year.  Again, they say this is largely attributable to the pro-growth policies  included in the tax reform effort we are talking about--the tax cuts.   They also say that for the first time in a long time, we are seeing  wages going up. They project wages going up. When we look at last month  and the month before, we can see these wages start creeping back up  again.   This is really exciting to me because, ultimately, we want to see  economic growth, yes, but we really want to see working families be  able to see a little higher income so that they are not stuck in this  squeeze where their income is flat and yet their expenses are up.   What is the biggest expense that has been increasing? Healthcare. So,  yes, we have to do more on healthcare and, yes, we have to do more to  increase economic growth, but wouldn't it be great to have wages going  up to be able to compensate for that and to give people again the sense  that if they are doing the right things in life, if they are willing to  work hard and play by the rules, they can get ahead and their kids and  their grandkids can get ahead too.   So I am excited to be here today to say that this is the last day we  have to file under the old Tax Code but also to say that the new Tax  Code is helping to give the families that I represent the opportunity  to do a little better, to give businesses that I represent the  opportunity be more competitive and to reinvest in their employees and  to reinvest in their businesses and their competitiveness and their  productivity. That, ultimately, is what is going to make the biggest  difference in this tax reform effort.   With that, I see that one of my colleagues is here.   I yield the floor.   