 Madam President, today the Senate will approve its version  of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act. It is right  and fitting to name this bill after the chairman of the Senate Armed  Services Committee, who has for years been a stalwart advocate for our  military and our national defense.   Unlike the defense authorization bills of recent years, this bill is  streamlined and straightforward. It is focused on improving strategic  Department of Defense thinking and aligning resources to meet that  strategy. It also conforms to the bipartisan budget agreement reached  earlier this year.   I am pleased that this bill renews a commitment to securing America's  leading edge of technological innovation. This is great news for States  large and small, including Vermont. The bill includes provisions to  improve the long-term strategic development and purchasing of  microelectronics for the defense industry. It includes a partial  solution to the delays of Federal recognition for members of the Guard  receiving their State commissions. It fixes the TRICARE dental plan  management and options that have frustrated Vermonters. It includes  numerous provisions to support small businesses in the industrial base,  including to improve cyber security. Building on last year's language,  the bill adds to the accounting of usage of the long-chain molecules  that have been found to have dangerous health effects, particularly its  use in Air Force firefighting foam. These are all appropriate issues to  be dealt with through the defense authorization bill.   Like any product of compromise, however, this bill is not perfect. I  am frustrated that, despite a bipartisan majority of Senators voting in  support of further debating the bill's treatment of low-yield nuclear  weapons, we are advancing to a vote on final passage without that  debate. Low-yield nuclear weapons are dangerous and add nothing to our  nuclear deterrence. Any administration should at least have to  specifically ask to build them.   Similarly, a bipartisan majority of Senators rejected the tabling of  an amendment to prohibit the indefinite detention of American citizens;  yet the bill includes no such provision. The underlying bill also  continues the mistake of the Guantanamo Bay detention mission.   On balance, the final bill on which the Senate votes today is truly  bipartisan. I will support this National Defense Authorization Act.   (At the request of Mr. Cornyn, the following statement was ordered to  be printed in the Record.)  