 Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to thank the chairman  on the Subcommittee on Environment, Mr. Shimkus, whose, I think, life's  work is on the floor today in many respects. Nobody has been more  tenacious in this effort to get permanent,  [[Page H3892]]  safe, and secure nuclear waste storage for America than  John Shimkus,  and so I thank Mr. Shimkus for his good work there.   The bill we are considering today reinforces the promise that the  United States Congress, on behalf of the Federal Government, made to  our constituents a generation ago. Today, we are keeping that promise.  We will accept responsibility for and properly dispose of radioactive  waste.   This is long overdue. Americans across the country, from Maine to  southern California, from Florida to the Pacific Northwest, are  watching today, and they are expecting us to act.   The Department of Energy's Hanford site is just up the mighty  Columbia River from where I live and where I grew up. That area and  those workers helped us win World War II, and the site's nuclear  program was instrumental in projecting peace through strength  throughout the Cold War.   While the community has been a constructive partner in support of our  vital national security missions, it did not agree to serve as a  perpetual storage site for the resulting nuclear waste. Fifty-six  million gallons of toxic waste sitting in decades-old metal tanks at  Hanford--these are those tanks that were being constructed to hold this  waste. They are now buried in the ground. The only entry point is right  here.   The amount of waste stored at Hanford would fill this entire House  Chamber 20 times over. According to a recent Government Accountability  Office report, the oldest of these tanks, some of which date back to  the 1940s, have single-layer walls or shells. They were built to last  20 years. They will be almost 100 years old by the estimated end of  their waste treatment.   The Department of Energy has reported that 67 of these tanks are  assumed or known to have leaked waste into the soil. There is an  understandable sense of urgency in the Northwest behind the cleanup  efforts that are under way at Hanford.   H.R. 3053 will provide the pathway to clean up the contaminated  Hanford site. You see, the waste from Hanford will end up in a secure  permanent storage site that we believe will be Yucca Mountain. These  tanks will be drained and cleaned out, the waste classified and put  away.   This bill keeps our commitment to energy consumers, too, who are  legally bound to pay for a nuclear waste management program. These  consumers in 34 States, including Oregon, have paid the Federal  Government in excess of $40 billion. Even after the last administration  stalled the project, ratepayers continued to hand over nearly $800  million annually to develop the repository, until finally the courts  stepped in and directed the fee collection be halted because no  repository was being constructed. That money was paid to the U.S.  Treasury for a specific purpose. We have a legal and moral obligation  to advance the program for which ratepayers paid.   Now, my friends in Nevada should have confidence the Yucca Mountain  repository will protect public health and the environment. The  completion of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's impartial safety  review will answer the many questions raised by the State of Nevada and  provide an independent determination if the site meets the required 1- million-year environmental protection standard. That is right, 1  million years.    Consolidating the Nation's nuclear material for disposal is better  for the environment than the status quo, where these materials sit  around in 121 communities in 39 States, or tanks like this.   The legislation authorizes the Department of Energy to contract with  private companies to store nuclear waste while DOE finishes the  rigorous scientific analysis of the repository design and the  associated Nuclear Regulatory Commission licensing process. An interim  storage facility can bring added flexibility to DOE's disposal program  and may provide a more expeditious near-term pathway to consolidate  spent nuclear fuel.   The longer the government delays, the greater the potential  consequences. The legal cost of inaction, a bill paid by every American  taxpayer, is staggering. Today, taxpayers pay an average of $2 million  every day--every day--in legal claims because we as a government have  not done what was promised decades ago. We are doing that today with  this legislation.   Cumulatively, we are on the hook for nearly $134 billion. That  increases every day we delay action. Instead of contributing to an  escalating national debt, this money could be better spent to support  our men and women in uniform, deal with the opioid crisis, or a whole  myriad of other things. By acting today, we will eventually turn off  that penalty phase and start the productive phase.   At the end of the day, this bipartisan legislation is good for our  communities around the country and their safety. It is good for  consumers and fiscal sanity. It is good for the environment for secure  storage. It is good for taxpayers, and it is good for national security  as well.   So I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who have put so  much work into this--Mr. Tonko and certainly Mr. Shimkus. I urge all  our colleagues to support H.R. 3053. Let's put an end to these tanks  before they put an end to us.   