 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be recognized  for comments on behalf of my friend from North Dakota.    Mr. President, I rise today to speak on behalf of Senator  Heitkamp and to thank her for her service on behalf of the people of  North Dakota, as well as the people of this great Nation.   We have served together for the past 6 years, not only in the Senate  but also on the Agriculture Committee, the Indian Affairs Committee,  and the Homeland Security Committee.   We have been able to work together on a variety of issues important  to our home State, and we have been able to make progress on behalf of  the people of North Dakota, as well as the country.   Ag is still North Dakota's top industry. As members of the Ag  Committee, we have had the opportunity to craft good, long-term foreign  policy that will make a difference not only for hard-working farmers  and ranchers in North Dakota but across the Nation. In fact, we have  just released the conference report with our Ag Committee leadership,  Senator Roberts and Senator Stabenow. I commend them for their hard  work as well.   Good farm policy benefits every American, every day with the highest  quality, lowest cost food supply in the world. Certainly, as a fellow  ``aggie,'' Senator Heitkamp understands that.   I think it is really important that we continue to point out that a  good farm bill isn't just about farmers and ranchers. As I said, the  highest quality, lowest cost food supply in the world, thanks to our  farmers and ranchers, benefits every single American every single day.   I know Senator Heitkamp will continue to work, along with our entire  delegation, to get the farm bill approved by the end of this year so we  can provide certainty and security for our great producers.   As chairman of the Indian Affairs Committee, I have appreciated  Senator Heitkamp's commitment to help empower our Tribal communities  and to improve the quality of life in Indian Country. Senator Heitkamp  has been an advocate for Native communities. She was able to pass  bipartisan legislation to establish a commission on Native children.  Additionally, the Senate recently approved Senator Heitkamp's Savanna's  Act, which is legislation to bring greater awareness regarding tragic  cases of missing and murdered Native American women.   She has helped to bring awareness to these issues. We will have a  hearing on the issue this week as well. We appreciate her insight and  work as a member of our committee.   These are just a few examples of the issues that we have worked on  together to advance. While we may be on opposite sides of the political  aisle, there is one thing we have always agreed on--that it is an  honor--an incredible honor--to serve the great State of North Dakota.   In closing, I want to wish Senator Heitkamp the best going forward  and to thank her again for her service on behalf of North Dakota--a  place that we are both blessed to call home.   Thank you.   