 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, and I appreciate  his leadership on this critical issue.   Washington doesn't have a revenue problem. Washington has a spending  problem, plain and simple, and it is past time we get our fiscal house  in order.   The last time the Federal Government ran a budget surplus was about  two decades ago. At the time, the economy was growing, unemployment was  low, and Republicans controlled Congress. In 1997, Republicans cut  spending and taxes, and for the next 4 years, the Federal Government  ran a surplus.   Since that time, Washington has failed to live within its means. The  national debt stood at $5.8 trillion in 2001. Since then, it has nearly  quadrupled to more than $21 trillion.   But this issue isn't just about the numbers. Ultimately, our kids and  grandkids will pay for the Federal spending we are not willing to pay  for today. We shouldn't force future generations to pick up the tab for  Washington's voracious spending appetite.   The sobering truth is that, if we fail to make the necessary spending  reforms today, we will face a fiscal crisis. The only way out of such a  fiscal crisis would be punishing tax increases and drastic cuts to  essential government programs.   It is time we take action to bring fiscal discipline to Washington  and avert a fiscal crisis. If you are in a hole, the quickest way out  is to stop digging. Amending the Constitution to require a balanced  budget is how we quit digging. The amendment will force the Federal  Government to face the reality that households and small businesses  face every day: you can't spend more than you make.   Let's get on the record here. Should the Federal Government balance  its  [[Page H3172]]  budget? Should it live within its means like hardworking Americans who  make tough decisions about how they make ends meet?   The answer is yes, which is why I have cosponsored and will vote for  the balanced budget amendment. I encourage my colleagues to vote for  this resolution and begin to get our fiscal house in order.   