 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, my good friend John  Katko, and also the ranking member, my good friend Filo Vela, and also  the chairman, the full chairman of the committee, Mr. McCaul, for their  great work. I really appreciate it.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 4561, Security  Assessment Feasibility for Equipment Testing and Evaluation of  Capabilities for Our Homeland, or the SAFE TECH Act. My legislation  seeks to strengthen the safety of international air travel.   Specifically, this bill provides an avenue for third-party testing of  innovative technology screening capabilities to enhance airport  security. The testing program authorized under this act shall include  evaluating the performance of detecting explosives and other prohibited  items. Additionally, the SAFE TECH Act will look into alternative  testing for other factors, including, health and safety concerns,  operator interference, human error, environmental dynamics,  reliability, and interoperability.  [[Page H38]]    The bill also assesses the feasibility of linking compatible security  technology utilized by the United States and international allies in  order to augment screening checkpoints. The coordinated collaboration  is an essential element of strengthening global security.   Currently, technical standards for safety and operating procedures at  the international airports are set by international agreements.  However, the standards in place are generally broad, leaving potential  vulnerabilities through inconsistencies with international partners.   On a recent congressional delegation trip that I appreciated the  chairman including me on to review screening procedures for inbound  travel to the United States at major EU hubs, I was startled by the  lack of consistency in international standards and gaps in technology  that support precautionary measures to ensure passenger safety.   Today's bill--and I appreciate the work of the committee, and I thank  you for making it an even stronger bill--will address this concern and  improve the safety of our air travel for all passengers. I have always  contended that, if we are not safe, nothing else matters.   The protection and security of our homeland and its citizens is our  responsibility, Mr. Speaker, which is why I introduced the SAFE TECH  Act. We must ensure those entrusted with the care of our citizens have  the best resources and technology available to combat the growing  threat of terrorism.   Passage of this bill today makes air travel safer for everyone  entering the United States and for our citizens, and it represents a  step forward in ensuring the cooperation needed to improve global  security. I urge my colleagues to support this good bill and its  passage in the House.   