 Mr. President, one of the great honors and privileges of  being a Senator is that we get to confirm Presidential nominations to  our country's highest courts.   President Trump has nominated an outstanding judge to fill an opening  on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. That judge is  Georgia Supreme Court Justice Britt Grant. Tonight, the Senate will  vote to invoke cloture on her nomination so we can confirm her later  this week. This is a crucial vote.   Justice Grant has served with distinction on the Supreme Court of  Georgia since January 2017. In that role, she has written over 40  opinions on both criminal and civil matters and participated in  hundreds of other opinions. Her positions are not a mystery. She has a  long record of defending and upholding our Constitution.   She served as Solicitor General for the State of Georgia from 2015  until her appointment to the State Supreme Court. This year, she was  elected to her seat on the State Supreme Court without opposition. When  that happens in my State, that means people on both sides of the aisle  understand how she is applying the rule of law. It is a testament to  the quality of her work and the dedication she has to the Constitution  and to the people for whom she works.   Prior to her public service, Justice Grant argued a commercial  litigation case before the highest Court in the land, the U.S. Supreme  Court. And by the way, she won.   Justice Grant attended Stanford Law School. After graduating, she  actually clerked for Judge Brett Kavanaugh--another outstanding nominee  who will hopefully be confirmed to the U.S. Supreme Court later this  year. I might add that Judge Kavanaugh sat through Justice Grant's  confirmation hearing in front of the Judiciary Committee just a few  months ago. He was there for the entire hearing because she did such a  good job clerking for him earlier in her career.   Clearly, Justice Grant is immensely qualified to fill this Court of  Appeals vacancy, and there is no doubt in my mind that she will do a  fantastic job. In fact, our country needs more judges like Justice  Grant.   I couldn't be prouder of her, her husband Justin, and their three  kids, Charles, Mary Elise, and Jack.   Earlier this year, I was honored to introduce Justice Grant in her  confirmation hearing and to commend her nomination with my highest  recommendation. Tonight, I strongly urge my colleagues to support her  final confirmation to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh  Circuit.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   