 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have come to the floor every week for  the past several months to draw attention to a matter that I think  should be important to anybody who travels overseas, anybody who does  missionary work, anybody who can go to a country and potentially get  detained for false charges and imprisoned for nearly 2 years. I am  talking about a Presbyterian minister from North Carolina who has been  in Turkey for the better part of 20 years. He was a missionary that  entire time. He created a church in Izmir and has lived there  peacefully and lawfully for two decades.   In October of 2016, after the coup attempt--an illegal coup attempt,  and the people responsible for it should actually have to answer to the  Turkish justice system--they swept Pastor Brunson and thousands of  other people into the Turkish justice system, and he has been in prison  since 2016.   He was in prison for nearly 19 months before he was ever charged with  anything. In fact, he lost 50 pounds over the course of about a year.  He was in a cell that was designed for 8 people but had 21 people in  it. I don't believe any of the others even spoke English. He was then  transferred to another prison where he was kept in a cell with one  other person, given virtually no access to the outside world.   He has experienced medical challenges, as anyone would expect when  you are in prison without charges, and we found out the charges were  bogus. That would weigh on you mentally.   We started working to try to first let Pastor Brunson know we knew  about him and that I, as a Senator from North Carolina, cared about  him. I cared enough to go to Turkey to visit him in prison several  months ago. I told him I wanted to assure him face-to-face that as long  as he is in prison, I will be working for his release. As a matter of  fact, we have more than 70 Senators who have signed on to a letter who  share my concern that he is illegally in prison.   What have we done? We actually put a provision in the National  Defense Authorization Act that holds Turkey accountable. They are a  partner in developing the Joint Strike Fighter. It is a capability I  sincerely hope someday Turkey may have. There is no way on Earth we  should transfer that technology to Turkey as long as they are illegally  imprisoning Pastor Brunson and others whom I will talk about shortly.   We did make some positive progress a few weeks ago. After he had been  in prison for nearly 20 months, a little over, he was released on house  arrest. At least he is now in his apartment near Izmir. He has an ankle  bracelet on and is not allowed to go out of his house.   He has had several hearings. I actually attended one earlier in the  spring. I was in that courtroom for almost 12 hours. I heard some of  the most absurd claims you could ever allege as a basis for keeping  somebody in prison overnight, let alone 2 years in October.   We are working with the administration, and I want to give the  President a lot of credit for making this a priority. If you have read  the newspapers recently, it would be hard for you not to hear about the  Presbyterian minister, Pastor Brunson, and the difference of opinion  between Turkey and the United States on what should be done.   When I talk to a lot of the Turkish officials, they say you have to  respect our justice system; this has to play out, no matter how absurd  the claims may be. Those are my words, not theirs. I wonder if they are  sincere. Here is why. Several months ago, President Erdogan, the  President of Turkey, made a public statement saying: How about this? We  will give you your pastor if you give us our pastor?   There is a person living in the United States named Gulen, who they  believe may have had something to do with the coup. We have an  extradition treaty with Turkey.   We said: Honor the requirements of the extradition treaty, present  credible evidence that Gulen is guilty of having conspired, and then we  will let our process take its course.   Let me tell you what is interesting about making that offer in the  context of the other elected officials, including Erdogan, saying: We  have to let our legal process play out.   On the one hand, how can you say your hands are tied but on the other  hand make a hostage swap request--or what they would consider to be a  hostage swap request.   Maybe he just misspoke. Presidents do that from time to time.   Let's take a look at what we are dealing with now. A week ago,  instead of offering Pastor Brunson for Mr. Gulen, now there is a new  exchange on the table: If we drop a case against a Turkish bank, which  has risen to our level of jurisprudence, the allegations against them  are going to have to go through the legal process. Apparently, their  judicial system does allow you to say: Well, if you drop that case in  the gold standard for judicial systems--that is the U.S. judicial  system--then, we will release Pastor Brunson.   Clearly, Turkey has the authority to release Pastor Brunson. Turkey  has the authority to release a NASA scientist who happened to be  visiting his family, who has been in prison for almost 3 years now, and  has a 7-year sentence or another 4\1/2\ years ahead of him. They had  the authority to release him. The only thing he seems to be guilty of  is having been in Turkey visiting relatives when the coup attempt  occurred.   They have the authority to release a DEA agent who they said was  involved in the coup attempt. They have the authority to release a  number of Turkish nationals who have worked with our Embassy for years.  All they were doing was their job, and they were swept up, as thousands  more have been.   Thank you again for the opportunity for me to come to the floor and  make sure the American people understand what is at stake.   Turkey is a NATO ally. No NATO ally in the history of the alliance  has ever illegally detained a citizen from one of their partner  countries, but that is exactly what has happened here since October of  2016.   So I hope this is the last time I have to come to this floor to talk  about releasing Pastor Brunson. I hope next week I am coming to the  floor thanking the Turkish leadership for doing the right thing,  thanking them for letting Pastor Brunson and his wife Norine come back  to the United States, and advocating for a great relationship with  Turkey as a NATO partner, which is very important. But none of that can  happen as long as Pastor Brunson and the others that I have mentioned  are illegally in prison.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   