 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment today to direct $3  million to the Office of Science within the Department of Energy for  important nuclear fusion science work being done across the country.   Specifically, these funds would support divertor test tokamak  research and development. The fusion community has identified the need  for a tokamak specifically designed for divertor testing as a necessary  research facility to drive divertor innovation.   Fusion science, Mr. Chairman, is the future of energy production,  offering unique and substantial advantages compared to other  approaches. Fusion power is a safe, clean, and sustainable energy  source that could provide the United States with energy independence  and a nearly limitless energy supply. The future is closer than we  think. Sustainable fusion energy production is a very real possibility  within the next 10 years.   However, there are outstanding technical issues that must be solved  before we can harness fusion as a practical energy source. Among them  is dealing with extreme temperatures generated through the process,  over a million degrees. A tokamak designed with divertor tests in mind  could test potential solutions to this problem.   These funds support the immediate need of design conceptualization,  which will help keep the United States as a world leader in this area.  We must seize this opportunity and vigorously pursue this research and  development work.   This work may also have critical national security implications. The  House Report accompanying H.R. 5515, the fiscal year 2019 National  Defense Authorization Act that recently passed the House, contains  language asking the Department of Defense to explore this technology  and its potential use towards our national security objectives.   History has shown, Mr. Chairman, that research funding fosters  innovative ideas and new technologies that can produce order-of- magnitude improvements over those presently employed. The current  fusion science research program suggests promising advancements in  plasma and material science, which could readily support defense  initiatives. To ensure this critical work continues and that we  capitalize on its findings, Congress must act to fund this important  work.   Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Simpson and Ranking Member Kaptur for  taking my request into consideration. This investment is critical in  providing for our collective national and energy security, and I  respectfully urge its adoption.   Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for the consideration of this  amendment. I think it is important to try and meet the future energy  needs and national security needs of our country, and I again urge its  adoption.   Mr. Chair, I yield back of balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Here is the bottom line. Ocean planning works, and I can assure you  that this is not a top-down approach. Ocean plans are regionally led  initiatives where stakeholders and researchers collect data and then  come to the table to voice their concerns and work out their  differences.   With ocean planning, we can use our waters wisely and sustainably. In  the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, we have already finished our plans.   Now, for some reason, many of my colleagues across the aisle don't  believe in this open discussion amon stakeholders, but we have seen  what happens when oceans are brought to the brink. Species have been  pushed to the edge of extinction undermining the livelihoods of our  fishermen and destroying the vibrant ocean ecosystem.    It baffles me that we continue debating this. Ocean planning is the  way to ensure local and regional voices are heard and that we  sustainably pass our waters on to the next generation.   So I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment, which I thank Mr.  Beyer for leading.   I also want to recognize and commend my colleague in the other  Chamber, Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, for his extraordinary work in  combating climate change and fighting for a sustainable ocean policy.   This is the right thing to do, again, regionally led, definitely not  a top-down approach.   