 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr.  Perlmutter) for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I speak, this evening, joining with some members of  SEEK. You heard earlier from the gentlewoman from Maine, who spoke of  the SNAP cuts, the nutrition cuts. Congresswoman Pingree is absolutely  right: It is a big portion of the farm bill.   But, beyond that, I am horrified with this current farm bill that  proposes many harmful provisions that would completely disregard some  very bedrock environmental laws. As one of the cochairs of SEEK, which  aims for sustainable outcomes for energy and environment policy, you  must speak to this bill, because it is so dreadful as it relates to our  environmental and energy policy.   This bill weakens environmental and public health protections against  pesticides, many of which were established to protect the health of our  children. Those protections that would be destroyed by this farm bill  include allowing companies to spray pesticides into our waterways  without even obtaining a Clean Water Act permit, endangering sources of  drinking water and places where we swim and where we fish; preempts  local governments from taking steps to protect their communities from  pesticides; and weakens protections for endangered species by  eliminating the requirement to consult with Federal wildlife experts.    These pesticides can elevate the risk of cancer and other chronic  diseases.  [[Page H4135]]  Removal of Clean Water Act protections, and the preemption of local  efforts to protect communities, puts our public health at great risk.   The International Agency for Research on Cancer in 2015 classified  the pesticide glyphosate as a probable human carcinogen. The United  States Geological Survey routinely finds glyphosate in our United  States waterways.   EPA's scientific review found that the pesticide chlorpyrifos in  water and on food is unsafe for children and increases the risk of  learning disabilities. Prenatal exposures to this chemical are  associated with reduced IQ and delayed motor development. Whenever  chlorpyrifos is sprayed, it can cause immediate and long-term health  harms to kids, to farmers, to farmworkers, and others who are exposed.   These provisions also put our wildlife at risk. Decades ago, bald  eagles and peregrine falcons were brought to the brink of extinction by  the pesticide DDT.   To address such issues, the EPA is required, under the Endangered  Species Act, to consult with the expert Federal wildlife agencies when  approving chemicals that can harm endangered species. This bill  eliminates that requirement, threatening endangered wildlife and  hindering recovery of imperiled species.   Our farm bill is about supporting farmers, strengthening communities,  and providing food for America. Rolling back public health and wildlife  protections has no place in this bill.   The cuts of $23-plus billion in SNAP benefits, kicking an estimated 1  million households off of the program and affects 265,000 children out  of free school meals is torturous in its own right.   Someone, today, earlier said: When I was a kid, my money for food  programs, for lunch programs was taken by the school. Now Congress is  taking the money for school lunch programs away from the kids.   Cuts of $800 million in conservation funding are devastating to our  environment, and the cutting of vital funding for renewable energy and  energy efficiency in our rural communities, which will eliminate the  Rural Energy for America Program, is going to be a great consequence of  this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I was compelled to come to the floor and join with my  colleagues as a member of SEEK that is looking for sustainable energy  and environment outcomes to speak against this bill, which is going to  hurt the progress over the last decades that speaks to agriculture in  America, farming in America, and the quality of life for children and  families across this great land.   