 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume,  and I thank the distinguished chairman, my good friend, for yielding me  the customary 30 minutes.   (Mr. HASTINGS asked and was given permission to revise and extend his  remarks.)    Mr. Speaker, I am going to truncate my original  remarks.   Mr. Speaker, today's legislation is yet another callous attempt by my  friends on the other side to undermine healthcare for millions of  Americans, all while recklessly adding billions of dollars to the  deficit.   This legislation not only guts vital provisions of the Affordable  Care Act, but also weakens the requirements on employer-provided  healthcare. I might add, even though we may not be bringing it up, we  do support the conference report and will be willing to go forward in  that regard.   The time has come for our friends across the aisle to abandon their  tired playbook, a playbook full of tactics and strategies bent on  sabotaging and undermining healthcare, rather than plans to make our  healthcare system stronger and more inclusive.   Mr. Speaker, we are also here today, as I just said, on the  conference report, for a three-bill spending package, funding a portion  of our government, which runs out of funds at the end of this month.   This funding package isn't perfect, and while I would have preferred  we consider appropriations bills one at a time through regular order,  as the Speaker promised, this effort represents how this House should  operate when we consider legislation. We hold hearings, markups, go to  conference, negotiate in good faith, and finally, emerge with a  bipartisan compromise.   Good process makes for good policy. While this bill may not be one  Democrats would have written, I am glad this conference report rejects  House Republicans' and President Trump's extreme budget cuts and  harmful antienvironmental riders.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to say this: We have learned that, as  Hurricane Florence closes in on millions of Americans, the  administration has raided the coffers of the Federal Emergency  Management Agency in order to move money to ICE. I am not going to  spend a lot of time on that. I think it is just wrong.   Mr. Speaker, this Republican-led Congress sets yet another record  with today's 97th closed rule. Week after week, my friends across the  aisle continue to make history for all the wrong reasons, but we should  not let this latest milestone go unrecognized because it is yet another  sad point in this Chamber's history.   In this historically closed-off Congress, Republican leaders have  used restrictive rules to block measures to create jobs, bring down the  cost of prescription drugs, and make education more affordable for our  children.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding me the  customary thirty minutes for debate, and I yield myself as much time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to debate the Rule for H.R. 3798, the Save  American Workers Act and the Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 5895.   Mr. Speaker, last year Republicans took one on the chin when their  Affordable Care Act repeal bill--a bill they spent all of 17 days  working on--went down in flames in a most public and spectacular  fashion. They learned that conspicuously snatching health insurance  from millions of people would probably cost them some votes.   So, instead of continuing with their more open, though admittedly  failed tactics, my friends across the aisle are pursuing an altogether  shiftier strategy today.   That strategy, with its aim of ridding the American people of their  healthcare coverage, can be summed up in one word: sabotage.   Today's legislation is yet another callous attempt by Republicans to  undermine healthcare for millions of Americans, all while recklessly  adding billions of dollars to the deficit. This legislation not only  guts vital provisions of the Affordable Care Act, but also weakens  requirements on employer provided healthcare.   Now is the time for us to face facts and accept truths. Fact, the  latest Kaiser Health Tracking poll found that 50 percent of Americans  hold a favorable view of the Affordable Care Act.   Fact, 75 percent of Americans want to keep the Affordable Care Act's  provisions that prevent health plans from discriminating against people  with pre-existing conditions. Fact, 72 percent of Americans want to  retain the provision of the ACA that prevents insurers from charging  sick people more.   The time has come for my friends across the aisle to abandon their  tired playbook--a playbook full of tactics and strategies bent on  sabotaging and undermining healthcare rather than plans to make our  healthcare system stronger and more inclusive.   Mr. Speaker, we are also here today to consider H.R. 5895, a  conference report for a three-bill spending package--funding a portion  of our government--which runs out of funding at the end of this month.   This funding package isn't perfect, and while I would have preferred  we consider appropriations bills one at a time through regular order as  the Speaker promised, this effort represents how this House should  operate when we consider legislation: we hold hearings, markups, go to  conference, negotiate in good faith, and finally emerge with a  bipartisan compromise.   Good process makes for good policy, and while this bill may not be  one Democrats  [[Page H8183]]  would have written, I'm glad this conference report rejects House  Republicans' and President Trump's extreme budget cuts and harmful  anti-environmental riders.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to say this, we have learned that as  Hurricane Florence closes in on millions of Americans, the Trump  Administration has raided the coffers of the Federal Emergency  Management Agency in order to move money to ICE for the continued  immoral detention of children.   The ability of this Administration to reach new lows is astounding.   To my fellow Americans who are in Hurricane Florence's path, our  thoughts and prayers are with you.   As a Floridian, I know all too well the effects these devastating  storms can have and I urge everyone to take all necessary steps to be  prepared, be safe, and listen to the direction of local authorities as  this storm impacts the Southeast.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, this Republican led Congress sets yet another record  with today's 97th Closed Rule. Week after week, my friends across the  aisle continue to make history for all the wrong reasons. But we should  not let this latest milestone go unrecognized, because it is yet  another sad point in this Chamber's history.   In this historically closed-off Congress, Republican leaders have  used restrictive rules to block measures to create jobs, bring down the  cost of prescription drugs, and make education more affordable.   These policies deserve consideration on the House Floor, yet they are  continuously blocked by the Republican Majority.   This discouraging record not only suppresses the voices of Democratic  and Republican Members, it also suppresses the voices of millions of  Americans.   Mr. Speaker, my Republican friends may claim today's three-bill  spending package gets the ball rolling to fully fund the government.   But we need to put into context what it means to fully fund the  government, it means that we must pass 12 appropriations bills in order  to fully fund our government.   So, before they take a victory lap over today's spending package, I  will simply remind the Majority that with precious few legislative days  remaining, we still must pass the remaining seventy-five percent of  bills that will fund our government.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the rule, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   