 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support  of H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authorization Act of 2019. I  appreciate Chairman Mac Thornberry achieving a bipartisan success in  the committee with 60 ``yes'' votes and only 1 ``no'' vote.   This bill contains significant policy and funding initiatives to  provide the military resources necessary to restore lost readiness for  peace through strength. The bill authorizes additional funding for  equipment and weapons systems maintenance, spare parts, and training-- all sorely needed to begin to reverse years of minimal funding and  military readiness accounts.   In addition, the bill includes several provisions aimed at improving  the readiness and operation of naval surface forces in response to the  tragic collisions suffered last year with the loss of 17 sailors of the  Fitzgerald and the McCain.   We also addressed aviation readiness concerns by increasing flying  hours, funding for spare parts, and depot level repair capacity. With  military end strength at a premium for operational units, Federal  civilians are an ever-increasingly important component of military  readiness.   This bill contains several measures meant to improve the civilian  workforce management with a special emphasis on faster hiring. There is  a provision that provides the Secretary of Defense hiring authority for  many critical readiness skills until 2025, as well as the ability to  hire new college graduates.   Also included are several additional authorities to provide  commanders innovative ways to solve installation infrastructure  problems, including a measure that will speed execution of force  protection projects.   In conclusion, I want to thank Chairman Mac Thornberry and Ranking  Member Adam Smith and the subcommittee's distinguished ranking member,  the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. Bordallo), and her staff for their  contributions to this bill and support in the process.   Of course, we were joined by an active and informe and dedicated  group of subcommittee members with professional staff members. Their  recommendations and priorities are clearly reflected in the National  Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019.    I strongly urge my colleagues to support this worthy bill.   