 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to announce that I think  Robert Wilkie is the right man for the job to be VA Secretary. Today,  we are going to fulfill our constitutional responsibility to provide  advice and consent on the President's nominee. This is a responsibility  that I take very seriously, especially in my role as ranking member of  the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee.   In our committee, Chairman Isakson and I have overseen the screening  of the confirmation of 12 nominees to serve veterans. I am proud to say  that we confirmed them without dragging our feet.   Recently, we had Mr. Robert Wilkie before the committee for his  confirmation hearing. Members of our committee asked him tough  questions about his vision for the VA. We asked him about his plan to  bring much needed stability to the Nation's largest healthcare system.  Following the important exchanges during that hearing, Members sent  more tough questions to the nominee for his response. In the days since  his nomination, Mr. Wilkie has sat down with Members to respond to  their questions and concerns one-on-one.   By voting to confirm Mr. Wilkie today, I believe we are providing  stronger leadership for America's veterans. With this vote, we are  fulfilling our obligation to them.   We are doing our job, but our job just doesn't stop today. As Members  of this body, we must hold Mr. Wilkie accountable to the commitments he  has made through his confirmation process.   There are some critically important issues to be addressed within the  VA. There are workforce shortages, whether in rural America or urban  America. We need more doctors and nurses and more psychiatrics and  psychologists within the VA. This is critically important if he is  going to oversee a successful VA. We need to have the VA personnel. We  need to have it manned appropriately to meet the challenges that are  out there after being at war for 17 years and veterans from previous  eras getting older.   Today, unlike ever before, we have political forces at play inside  the VA. This is very unfortunate because, quite frankly, I believe that  good employees are being forced out, not because of the job they are  doing but because of their views. When Mr. Wilkie becomes Secretary, he  is going to have to make sure that stops. It is critically important  that we keep the employees that we have who are good employees and move  the VA forward so it can do the job that it is meant to do.   He also has some challenges to address in rural America. The  community-based outpatient clinics we have there need to be staffed up.  We need to make sure that the VA has what it needs to meet the needs of  the veterans in rural America, and, by the way, with the passage of the  MISSION Act, we need to make sure that veterans aren't run around once  that act gets fully implemented and they need community care and the VA  can't provide that care.   He needs to make sure the disability appeals process continues to  move forward and that the backlog is whittled down. He needs to make  sure that the accountability bill is implemented as Congress intended  and that the whistleblower protection in the bill lives up to what it  means. He also needs to implement the ``Forever GI bill'' in a way that  makes sense for our veterans. Last and certainly not least, he needs to  make sure the VA MISSION Act is implemented in a way in which a veteran  can make the decision as to how he gets his or her healthcare.   Veterans need a leader who will build bridges and find solutions to  the issues that face our veterans, not who will tear down the  Department to meet a political agenda. Veterans need a leader who will  not shy away from those challenges that face the VA. We need someone  who is going to tackle the challenges like workforce shortages, like  access to mental healthcare, and like barriers, particularly in rural  America, for women veterans. I believe that Mr. Wilkie is the right fit  for that job.   Right now, the VA does not have a confirmed Secretary who is focused  on the larger mission of serving these veterans, of implementing the  reforms, and of improving VA care and benefits. Instead, we have had  temporary political appointees in charge who have been more interested  in picking political fights with people who have not been their  enemies. I believe we have lost sight of the VA's mission. It will be  up to Mr. Wilkie to right that ship.   That is why I am so hopeful that this evening, we can get Mr. Wilkie  confirmed so that he can get on the job as soon as possible. Veterans  are depending on him, and they are depending on us to make sure he gets  to work. Once he gets to work, I guarantee that the chairman of the VA  Committee and I, as ranking member, and all of the members of the  Senate's Veterans' Affairs Committee will make sure that he does the  job and fulfills the promises we have made to our veterans.   