 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman for  his leadership on this very important legislation, H.R. 5841, FIRRMA.   I would also like to thank Chairman Royce, Congressman Barr, and  Congressman Heck for the significant leadership role that they played  with this bill, as well as my chief of staff, Clark Fonda, and  Assistant Secretary of Treasury Heath Tarbert. They have put in  countless hours, working through details and language on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I have worked on CFIUS-related issues for nearly 3  years. Prior to FIRRMA, I spent my efforts identifying problematic  transactions and engaging in a public media campaign to raise awareness  and stoke government action. Three years later, I am so happy to the  say that we have had a robust impact on this issue.   For example, we helped prevent the Chicago Stock Exchange from  falling into the hands of opaque Chinese ownership. We protected our  defense supply chain by helping stop Lattice Semiconductor from being  purchased by a Chinese state-owned investment fund. We helped prevent  the Chinese from exploiting important personal data during an attempt  to purchase MoneyGram.   Our successful initiatives have garnered the attention of Senator  Cornyn. We began a yearlong process to draft the original version of  FIRRMA.   Over the past year, my staff and I have seen dozens of versions of  FIRRMA, both introduced versions and redline edits, from various  offices and stakeholders. For months, we have fought for the strongest  CFIUS reform bill possible.   Today, we reach a milestone where floor action is imminent, which is  a huge step forward for the cause of CFIUS reform. The version we are  considering today, of which I am the sponsor, includes a number of  reforms to strengthen the current system and prevent the flow of  military-applicable technologies to the Chinese Government, in  particular.   The bill creates a process by which countries of special concern,  which would include China, would have increased oversight when  attempting to purchase critical technology companies in the United  States.   The bill also helps create an interagency process through export  controls to review overseas joint ventures, a process that is absent  under our current system.   While I am pleased that we have gotten to this point in the  legislative process, both the House and Senate versions are departures  from the original FIRRMA concept. However, both would improve  significantly the CFIUS and export control processes, as well as have a  strong impact on governing Chinese and other adversarial investments.   Regardless of what actions are taken next to reconcile the  differences with the language of the Senate version, passed as part of  their NDAA, there are certain principles that should be addressed in  the final version.   History will record whether we have done our job to prevent the  transfer of proprietary intellectual property and critical technologies  to adversarial governments.    Mr. Speaker, to this end, I am encouraged by the  progress we have made on this issue, and I am grateful for the  opportunity to help move forward important legislation to reform CFIUS  and export controls.   