 Madam President, before I begin, I want to welcome the  President of France, Emmanuel Macron, who just finished his address  before a joint meeting of Congress. His words were timely, particularly  his admonition to reject false idols of our time: isolationism,  cynicism. He argued that if we were to advance principles upon which  both our Nations were founded--as he would say, ``liberte, egalite, and  fraternite''--he would say it better than I, of course--and secure the  prosperity and security of our peoples in the future, we must seek  further cooperation with our allies and engagement with the world. I  hope everyone at both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue takes President  Macron's words to heart.   Madam President, the Senate is considering the nomination of Mike  Pompeo to be the next Secretary of State. I must admit that even after  his confirmation to the directorship of the CIA, I remained concerned  about Mr. Pompeo when he was in the Congress. I talked to him directly.  I told him how deeply disappointed I was in how he handled the Benghazi  hearings, how partisan they were. I told him some of his comments about  minority groups--Muslims in particular--were way over the top. Over the  course of his tenure at Langley, I met with him several times after  that first meeting where I had given him my views on some of the things  I disagreed with in what he did.   I have to say, those meetings were good meetings. He was very candid  with me. He is obviously very smart. He is obviously well informed  about foreign policy--far more well informed than Secretary Tillerson  was when he came to visit me before his nomination hearing. In  particular, what gave me some good feeling was that Mr. Pompeo was  particularly strong on Russia sanctions, even showing some separation  from the President as we met. I began to think Mr. Pompeo was better  than my first impression, which has been guided particularly by his  very poor performance in the Benghazi hearings. Then, he was nominated  for Secretary of State. That is a whole different ball game. Anyone  nominated for such a critical security position deserves the most  careful and thoughtful scrutiny.   With that in mind, I met with Mr. Pompeo privately, where I  interviewed him on foreign policy. Frankly, on many issues, our views  were not the same. He was far more hawkish than I prefer our diplomat  to be. Frankly, my views were probably, on this issue, a little closer  to the President's, who remembered, as I do, that in Iraq, we spent  over $1 trillion and lost close to 5,000 of our bravest young men and  women, and Iraq doesn't seem much better off today than it was then.   My view was that he was too quick to recommend strong military action  when diplomacy might do. At the same time, I believe the President  should get to pick his team. President Trump wanted a more hawkish  Secretary of State--it would be concerning to me, but it is his  decision--and Mr. Pompeo answered my questions with the same candor and  forthrightness as in our previous meetings.   I thought I would wait for his hearing--because speaking in public is  different than speaking privately to a Member of the Senate--before  making the decision. At Mr. Pompeo's hearing, I became very  disappointed. First, the President has shown in word and deed that he  often directs foreign policy by impulse--erratically, inconsistently.  The fact that we are contending with several hotspots in the world-- North Korea, Iran, Syria, Yemen, Venezuela, and Russia--means we need  someone in the State Department who not only prizes the value of  diplomacy but is willing to check the President's worst instincts.  Unfortunately, Mr. Pompeo's testimony--and, of course, public testimony  is the real test--did little to convince me that he would be a strong  tempering influence on an often erratic President. He didn't convince  me that he would be the kind of Secretary who most of us believe  Secretary Mattis is, who is able, successfully, to check the President  when the President may go off base. Even more disappointing was Mr.  Pompeo's tepid responses to questions about his commitment to bedrock  principles such as rule of law.   As important and difficult as our foreign policy decisions are, the  Nation is facing a great test. The President seems to tempt rule of law  in America when it comes to the investigation of whether there was  collusion between his administration, his campaign, and Russia. An  investigation to look into this--to look into Russian interference in  our elections and whether there was participation of the President or  members of his campaign or administration--is vital to the bedrock of  America. Even worse is if a President says: I can undo this  investigation one way or another; I can thwart it.   He is already trying to intimidate it, but fortunately Mr. Mueller is  not the type who is intimidated, and Mr. Rosenstein does not seem to be  either. These questions were crucial. A key position like Secretary of  State should be able to speak out on this kind of issue because America  is recognized throughout the world as the country that most prizes rule  of law. If our Secretary doesn't speak out strongly against this, it is  not only bad for our country but not good for his ability to do his job  around the world. Unfortunately, I was deeply disappointed.    Mr. Pompeo responded, when put to this question as to whether he  would stand up to the President, whether he would resign or otherwise  protest the President's actions that would undermine the rule of law-- his answers were weak. He did not say he would resign if the President  fired Mueller or Rosenstein. To me, a Cabinet officer should do that.  He did not even unequivocally state that he would publicly urge the  President not to fire Mr. Mueller. That was not good enough, but I  thought I again owed Mr. Pompeo a direct discussion because he is a  talented man, and the President does deserve the benefit of the doubt.   So I called him into my office for one private meeting, one final  meeting. I asked him pointedly whether he would be able to simply say  publicly, before we voted on him, that the President shouldn't fire  Special Counsel Mueller. I asked him what he would do if the President  fired the special counsel or Mr. Rosenstein. His answers were extremely  insufficient. I also asked him if he would be willing to recant or undo  some of what he had said about Muslims, Indian Americans, LGBTQ  Americans, and women's rights now that he was in line to be our  Secretary of State and had to deal with countries that might be  affected by his remarks. Again, he demurred. When he left that meeting,  I emerged with a clear conscience in that a vote against Mr. Pompeo's  nomination was the right thing to do.   I still believe a President deserves his team and that disagreements  on policy alone are not sufficient reasons to reject a nomination, but  I gave Mr. Pompeo the benefit of the doubt and three chances to answer  the questions I thought were extremely important to assuage my broader  concerns about his nomination. He did not answer those questions in any  way that was satisfying. So, with a clear conscience, I will be voting  against his nomination.   Let me be clear. This is not about politics. This is not about  denying the  [[Page S2401]]  President his team just for the sake of it. It is about the role of  Congress and, frankly, the Cabinet to provide a check on a President  who might go off the rails and undo the respect for the rule of law,  the tradition of the rule of law, that we have had in this country for  so long.   It is my view that the next Secretary of State, in this unique moment  of history, with a President who seems to behave erratically and with  little regard, oftentimes, for our Nation's history, a President who  tests our constitutional order, must be willing to put country first  and stand up for our most sacred and fundamental, foundational values-- for the rule of law, for the idea that no person, not even the  President, is above the rule of law.   Unfortunately, Mr. Pompeo, in these very difficult and troubled  times, didn't meet that test as much as I wish he had. I don't doubt  that the President could nominate someone with the right experience,  the right values, and the right commitment to our core, national  principles to earn my vote to be Secretary of State, but I do not  believe Mr. Pompeo has those qualities so I will be voting no on his  nomination.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I  certainly have a great deal of respect for my friends from Missouri and  Oklahoma and their desire to increase transparency in government. I  share that goal. But, respectfully, the legislation they are proposing,  I believe, would undermine and potentially threaten important programs  administered by the Federal Government.   The idea of requiring the government to publish an inventory of  Federal programs is not something I object to. As my friend from  Missouri has stated, it is already required under the law, but it is  such a cumbersome thing to do that for 7 years they have not published  an inventory, not because it is lacking the provisions in the bill  proposed by my colleagues but because it is virtually impossible to do  in the way that you would do it in other far more different and simple  things--in a factory that makes widgets.   This bill would go further and make it even more difficult to publish  the inventory they already haven't been able to publish. Neither the  Director of OMB under President Obama nor the Director under President  Trump has complied with the existing law.   I further have serious objections with the reporting requirements.  How can an agency, for instance--and this would happen on a thousand  occasions under this law--quantify the number of individuals who  benefit from the Community Development Block Grant Program? If one  neighborhood is revitalized, maybe it benefits the neighboring  neighborhoods. What if they put that number in, and the OMB Director  says: Oh, no. That is all wrong. There is no way to do that.   How about this: Is there a threshold to the number of people that is  too many to administer a program that helps disabled Americans get  appropriate schooling or access to healthcare? These types of questions  could fill volumes and volumes. There is no good answer to them, there  is no clear answer to them, and this law will not make it any easier to  discern which programs are working and which programs are not.   I have a great deal of worry, particularly, to be honest, with  Director Mulvaney. If you saw the budgets that Director Mulvaney has  submitted to this Congress--he has eliminated just about every  potential program. He is a scourge. He was one of the 10 most  conservative Members of the House when he was there. He eliminated  programs necessary in my State to keep the Department of Defense going,  to help our nuclear weapons stay strong. He zeroed them out; he didn't  just cut them. Can you imagine if he got his hands on this? He would  use this bill not for the purposes my colleagues intend but to  basically hold back money, punish, and in other ways delay very  necessary programs that 90 to 95 percent of this Congress agrees to. I  am concerned that this legislation, left to the implementation and  oversight of a man so hostile to government services up and down the  line, whose budgets have been dramatically and repeatedly rejected by  Democrats and Republicans alike in the House and the Senate, would be  used for ill, not good. The potential downside to this legislation far  exceeds the potential upside, dramatically.   I cannot in good conscience support a bill that would give Mr.  Mulvaney more tools to slash Federal programs that almost every  American would agree serve the public good.   In conclusion, I support the goal of this bill, which is to provide  more transparency to taxpayers, but I believe it will not. It will  confuse things, delay things, provide more layers of bureaucracy, not  less, and can well be used by someone who believes in slashing programs  of all kinds to delay them, fail to implement them, and not deliver the  services that so many Americans need. I strongly object.   