 Mr. President, I thank the ranking member for, as he  mentioned, allowing this process to go forward and for our being able  to vote on this nominee today. I think all of us are aware that there  is a NATO summit where foreign ministers are going to be present. Our  passing him out today will allow Director Pompeo, Secretary of State  Pompeo, to be a participant in a meeting that needs to take place. So I  thank him for his cooperation and, certainly, for his point of view.   Let me offer a different point of view, though, as it relates to this  nominee.   I think he is one of the most outstanding nominees we could have for  this position. I did not know him well when the process began. I knew  he had done a very good job as the Director of the Central Intelligence  Agency. Yet I have to tell you that through the process of his going  through the confirmation hearings and the conversations we have had and  the meetings we have had, I think he is going to be exemplary. Let me  just go through his resume briefly as I know people are here, ready to  vote.   He graduated first in his class at West Point. He served our Nation  in uniform and patrolled the Iron Curtain. It was there that he learned  about diplomacy and the effect that diplomacy can have on the world.  What I have found from those individuals who have worn the uniform,  from those people we hold on a pedestal like our Presiding Officer, is  that they respect diplomacy more than most anyone else because they  know it is the thing that keeps our men and women from being in harm's  way. I know this nominee believes strongly in the role of diplomacy and  has seen it in action firsthand on the ground.   After serving in the military, he graduated from Harvard Law School,  where he was the editor of the Harvard Law Review. He then founded his  own company, acting as the CEO. He became the president of another  company after that. So he has served in the private sector. He was  elected four times in Kansas to represent the Fourth District in the  U.S. House of Representatives.   Let me just say this. Sometimes people say things when they are in  public office and when they are running campaigns, and I know something  has been said about that. I will say we confirmed Secretary Kerry and  Secretary Clinton by 94 votes, and I can assure you that during their  campaigns, they may have said some things that Republicans didn't  particularly care for. Yet  [[Page S2460]]  we went ahead and confirmed them with 94 votes on the floor.   For the last 15 months, he has served our Nation as the Director of  the Central Intelligence Agency. I think everyone knows how he has run  that Agency, and I think everyone knows the culture that he has built  there. Right now, the State Department has a terrible culture. The  morale is terrible. As my friend the ranking member mentioned, a lot of  positions have not been filled, but they also feel like they have not  had a leader in some time who has really stood behind them and raised  them up in order to leverage our diplomatic efforts around the world. I  believe this particular nominee will be excellently suited for that. He  has demonstrated that at the CIA.   I strongly support his nomination. With that, I look forward to the  vote. I look forward to his serving our Nation. I don't know of a  person in the United States of America who could have more current  knowledge about what is happening around the world in his current role.  As we know, he has already met with the North Koreans. We have known  for some time that the CIA has been our contact, our back channel, with  the North Koreans. He is the perfect person to come in at this time and  lead those efforts diplomatically.   I yield the floor.   I also yield back any remaining time.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Mr. Grenell has a deep background in  diplomacy and strategic communications. He received his master's degree  in public administration from Harvard University at the John F. Kennedy  School of Government. He spent 8 years as spokesman for the U.S.  Mission to the United Nations in New York and worked for every U.N.  Ambassador appointed by George W. Bush.   German Chancellor Angela Merkel is scheduled to arrive in DC tomorrow  for a 1-day working trip to meet with President Trump. Her visit comes  at a time of heightened importance, with a number of critical items on  the agenda, including transatlantic trade, the Iran nuclear deal, as  well as Russia and Syria.   I think it is very fitting that we are voting on this Ambassadorship  today. I hope he will be quickly confirmed and sworn in.   I yield the floor.   