 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Waters for yielding.  I know she understands the danger in yielding to me as much time as I  may consume. I will just take a couple of minute on this.   I rise in opposition to H.R. 4771, the Small Bank Holding Company  Relief Act. There are unaddressed concerns as to the effect this bill  will have on community banks that serve so many of our constituents,  whether it be through more bank consolidation or whether it will  encourage small banks to take on more unsustainable debt.   The Federal Reserve has a small bank holding company policy statement  that outlines ownership transfer of small community banks and savings  associations ``by allowing their holding companies to operate with  higher levels of debt than would normally be permitted.''   The holding companies that qualify for the policy statement can have  up to $1 billion in assets, a limit that was reached, in a bipartisan  effort, in the 113th Congress. Yet, even though this new threshold was  enacted just at the end of 2014, we have seen multiple efforts to raise  the limit even higher.   According to data from the Federal Reserve, under the current $1  billion  [[Page H986]]  threshold, 87 percent of all bank holding companies and 72 percent of  savings and loan holding companies are holding nearly $1 trillion in  assets under that billion-dollar threshold.   It is too soon to know the effects of increasing the threshold to $1  billion. Why are we pushing to raise it even further without sufficient  information as to the effect on the market of the last increase?   And we may disagree on the conclusion we come to, but a concern I  would like to address is that while we are raising this question, while  we are debating whether to raise this threshold without, I believe,  sufficient knowledge as to the full impact of the last increase, we are  taking time on the floor when we have so many other unaddressed  concerns that get no time on this floor.   You know, as members of the committee, and certainly other Members of  the House understand, I spent a good deal of my time working on issues  related to the conditions of America's cities and towns. A whole subset  of American towns, even in a period of economic growth, which we all  acknowledge has been sustained now over the period of the last 8 years,  many communities are continuing to be left behind.   Why is that? I am sure there are a lot of reasons. I am sure some of  my friends would argue that some of the issues addressed in this  legislation might touch on them. But one thing I know for sure, the  crumbling roads and bridges and water and sewer systems in those  communities are so serious, the problem is so great. The unaddressed  issues of violent crime in many of those same cities, which this House  continues to leave unaddressed, essentially ensures that any change in  the regulatory structure in the marketplace is not sufficient to deal  with the underlying and really troubling problems that these  communities face.    You know, a year ago, the President came to the floor of this House  and talked about a $1 trillion infrastructure plan. He came back and  said it was going to be $1.5 trillion with one little asterisk, only  $200 billion from the Federal Government. State and local government is  supposed to make up the rest of it.   I raise this because often the arguments in favor of taking some of  the regulatory protections off these institutions are that it is  supposed to unlock the marketplace to rebuild these communities when  these communities are so shackled to the bottom of the ocean that no  rising tide will raise them.   If we don't get control of the incredible struggle and deterioration  in these older cities, nothing we do on this floor otherwise is going  to make it right for those folks.   I represent one of those towns. You have heard me talk about my own  hometown of Flint. There are so many other communities that are  struggling. The jurisdiction of a committee does include addressing the  condition of urban America. I would just hope, and really ask, that we  spend a bit more time on those questions.   I would feel much more comfortable having a debate about what the  regulatory structure looks like if I felt like there was sufficient  attention being given to those issues. In the meantime, because of the  questions that I have already raised about the impact of this  legislation not being fully understood, even the last increase in the  threshold not being fully understood, I am going to urge my colleagues  to oppose this legislation.   