 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 872, I call  up the bill (H.R. 5645) to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade  Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall  exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act  and only in the same procedural manner as the Attorney General  exercises such authority, and ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the question  of adopting the amendment to H.R. 5645 may be subject to postponement  as though under clause 8 of rule XX.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include  extraneous material on H.R. 5645.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   In 1914, Congress passed the Federal Trade Commission Act, marking  the  [[Page H3852]]  beginning of a dual antitrust enforcement regime in the United States.   Because both Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission  enforce our Nation's antitrust laws, companies may, and often do, have  different experiences when interacting with one agency relative to the  other. One area in which the disparity can be the most striking and  troubling is in the merger review process.   When a company wishes to merge with or purchase another company, it  must notify both antitrust enforcement agencies of the proposed  transaction. The Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission  then determine which agency will be responsible for reviewing the  transaction. As there are no fixed rules for making this determination,  it can appear that the decision is made on the basis of a flip of a  coin.   There are two substantial differences that companies face based on  the identity of the antitrust enforcement agency that reviews the  companies' proposed transaction.   The first difference arises if the agency seeks to prevent the  transaction by pursuing a preliminary injunction in Federal court. A  different legal standard is applied to a preliminary injunction request  based solely on the identity of the requesting antitrust enforcement  agency.   The second difference lies in the process available to each antitrust  enforcement agency to prevent a transaction from proceeding. The FTC  may pursue administrative litigation against a proposed transaction,  even after a court denies its preliminary injunction request. In  contrast, DOJ cannot pursue administrative litigation.   There is no justification for these disparities in the merger review  processes and standards. The bipartisan Antitrust Modernization  Commission recommended that Congress remove these disparities, and the  bill before us today, the Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews  Through Equal Rules Act, or the SMARTER Act, does just that. I applaud  Representative Handel for introducing this important legislation that  will enhance the transparency, predictability, and credibility of the  antitrust merger review process.   By enacting the SMARTER Act into law, Congress will ensure that  companies no longer will be subjected to fundamentally different  processes and standards based on the flip of a coin. Notably, the  legislation has garnered the support of former and current FTC  commissioners, including former Chairman David Clanton, former  Commissioner Josh Wright, and current Commissioner Maureen Ohlhausen.   The SMARTER Act is an important step toward assuring that our  Nation's antitrust laws are enforced in a manner that is fair,  consistent, and predictable.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this good  government bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may consume  to the gentlewoman from Georgia (Mrs. Handel), the chief sponsor of the  legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill, I urge my colleagues  to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, this amendment makes a series of useful  technical and clarifying changes suggested by the Federal Trade  Commission.   At the FTC's request, the amendment adds language stating explicitly  that the agency retains independent litigating authority in merger  cases brought under the Clayton Act. This makes clear that the FTC is  not forced to rely on the Department of Justice in these cases.   The amendment also strikes language referring to the FTC's authority  to issue civil investigative demands in merger cases. This is because  the reference is unnecessary and could create a negative inference that  the FTC does not enjoy such authority in other contexts.   The amendment makes further technical improvements in several places  in the bill that refer to the FTC bringing an action under section 7 of  the Clayton Act. The FTC's authority to bring an action in court  actually derives from section 15 of the act, so the amendment updates  that citation.   Furthermore, the amendment changes the phrase ``including'' FTC  proceedings to ``or'' FTC proceedings in several places in the  underlying bill. This is to underscore that FTC settlements are  distinct from DOJ antitrust settlements and, thus, are not subject to  the judicial review provisions of the Tunney Act.   The amendment also refines language in the underlying bill that  ensures the same legal standards are applied to FTC and DOJ  injunctions, and that preserves FTC authority to use administrative  adjudication as part of a settlement agreement.   Specifically, the changes more clearly define the circumstances in  which the FTC may seek an injunction and more clearly state that the  FTC must proceed in Federal court, not administratively. The amended  language also more accurately reflects the FTC's practices for  administrative settlements, more clearly states that the district  courts must apply the same standard in those cases as it would apply  when the Department of Justice seeks injunctions, and more clearly  provides that the new rules change only administrative adjudications,  not investigative procedures.   Finally, the amendment clarifies that the FTC's duty to use the  courts, rather than administrative procedures, to block anticompetitive  behavior, extends only to the merger-type actions that this bill is  intended to cover.   Again, these changes are of a technical nature and were all  recommended by the FTC itself. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to  support this amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   The arguments we have heard against this bill are without merit.   It has charged that the SMARTER Act would make it more difficult for  the FTC to fulfill its consumer protection mandate. This is incorrect.   The FTC's consumer protection powers are completely independent from  the antitrust laws. The SMARTER Act deals only with the antitrust  piece, so, by its terms, does not impact the FTC's ability to prosecute  ``unfair or deceptive acts or practices.''   As for harm to consumers from proposed mergers, the SMARTER Act does  not, in any way, affect substantive antitrust law; it does not amend,  in any form or fashion, section 7 of the Clayton Antitrust Act or any  of the FTC's consumer protection powers.   Opponents also claim that the SMARTER Act removes an important tool  from the FTC by eliminating its ability to pursue administrative  litigation. This, too, is a red herring.   The SMARTER Act only removes the FTC's administrative litigation  authority in the very narrow context of proposed transactions. A report  from the bipartisan Antitrust Modernization Commission determined that  any benefit from such authority was marginal and ``significantly  outweighed by the costs.''   The FTC can still pursue administrative litigation in conduct cases  and in actions against consummated mergers. Indeed, the AMC report  stated specifically that: ``Elimination of administrative litigation in  . . . merger''--review--``cases will not deprive the FTC of an  important enforcement option.''   Opponents also charge that enacting the SMARTER Act will make it more  difficult for the antitrust enforcement agencies to stop a merger, but  the SMARTER Act only changes the process; it does not have any  substantive impact on merger reviews.   But don't take my word for it. A letter from 15 leading antitrust  professors states: ``The SMARTER Act does nothing to undermine the  FTC's authority; it simply ensures that the merger review processes and  standards are equally applied to merger parties regardless of which  agency reviews the transaction.''   But perhaps the most ironic argument brought against the bill is that  it is unnecessary because the FTC rarely initiates administrative  litigation after a court denies a preliminary injunction request.  Administrative adjudications may be rare, not because regulators use  the powers sparingly, but because the mere prospect of this protracted,  costly process may prompt companies to abandon the merger even though  they prevailed in court. That hardly seems fair.   Parties to a merger should receive the same treatment and have the  same process regardless of the reviewing antitrust agency, and the  SMARTER Act accomplishes that goal.   This legislation will help America continue to serve as a leader and  innovator in competition law, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the  motion.    Mr. Speaker, this motion is unnecessary because this  bill does nothing to undermine substantive antitrust enforcement. It  might even hold up mergers that the court already found procompetitive  and could help lower drug prices.   This is simply a dilatory tactic used by my friends on the other side  of the aisle to hold up this important legislation.   For decades, American antitrust laws have been a shining example of  how to protect against anticompetitive activities in a consistent,  predictable, and fair manner.   Other countries have looked to our laws as the template for the  creation of their own competition laws. Let us continue to be a model  of proper antitrust enforcement.   The SMARTER Act is a commonsense process reform that ensures fairness  and parity in the narrow field of merger reviews. The bill was  recommended to Congress by a bipartisan commission and is supported by  former top antitrust enforcement officials and past and present FTC  Commissioners of both political parties.   Mr. Speaker, accordingly, I urge my colleagues to do the smart thing  by opposing this bill and supporting the underlying bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 872, I call  up the bill (H.R. 2152) to require States and units of local government  receiving funds under grant programs operated by the Department of  Justice, which use such funds for pretrial services programs, to submit  to the Attorney General a report relating to such program, and for  other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their  remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2152.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 2152, the Citizens' Right to Know Act of  2018, introduced by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Poe).   A little over 50 years ago, there were three pretrial options for  defendants accused of a crime: they were released on their own  recognizance, granted commercial bail, or remanded to custody.   When considering the options on whether to grant ROR, set a bail  amount, or remand, the judge considers a number of factors, including  the severity of the crime charged, the suspect's criminal record, the  danger posed to the public if the suspect is released, and the  suspect's ties to community, family, and employment. Commercial bail  ensures the appearance of the defendant in court at no cost to the  taxpayer.   The situation for defendants began to change in the 1960s. The first  U.S. pretrial services program, the Manhattan Bail Project, was  established in 1961. The Manhattan Bail Project was intended to help  defendants who were financially unable to post the surety bond  conditions set in New York City.   The program interviewed defendants to gather information on community  ties to determine a defendant's likelihood to appear in court. Based on  these interviews, low-risk individuals were recommended for release on  their own recognizance or the defendant's promise to appear without  financial obligation.   Unfortunately, over the last four decades, pretrial release programs  have expanded well beyond their original scope and purpose. Today,  there are over 300 pretrial release programs nationwide, whose  participants routinely include violent and repeat offenders, many of  whom are able to post a commercial bond and have done so in the past.  In many instances, the Federal Government has become a major source of  funding for pretrial release programs.   Currently, these pretrial release programs funded by the taxpayers  are not required to report any information about the defendants  released through their programs into the communities. Basic information  on defendants is neither collected nor reported in any systematic  fashion.   H.R. 2152 requires jurisdictions that receive grant money from the  Department of Justice to operate a pretrial release program to report  certain information concerning the defendants to the Attorney General.   The bill requires the jurisdiction to submit the criminal histories  of the defendants and the number of times the defendant has failed to  appear as ordered by the court. It also requires the Attorney General  to make public the information the Department of Justice receives. In  my mind, that isn't a whole lot to ask these jurisdictions.   In fact, this bill is beneficial because citizens have the right to  know what types of defendants are being released prior to their trial.  If a defendant has a long history of criminal behavior or frequent  failures to appear in court, the community should know that. Likewise,  residents should be aware if their community is running a successful  pretrial services program where defendants are regularly making it to  their court appearances.   Simply put, no matter what side of the bail or no-bail debate you  find yourself on, you should support this bill. Information like this,  in the hands of the public, is never a bad thing. It will also be  helpful to those of us who make policy on these matters.   I want to thank Mr. Poe for introducing this legislation, and I urge  my colleagues to support H.R. 2152.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Poe), the chief sponsor of this  legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Higgins).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining  on each side.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Poe).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I am baffled by those who oppose this very simple and  straightforward legislation. Not a single Member in this Chamber should  be opposed to the Citizens' Right to Know Act.   When has more data in the hands of this body ever been a bad thing?  We have a number of obligations we owe our constituents. Two of those  obligations are to make sure our communities are safe and that tax  dollars are spent wisely. This bill accomplishes both. Without the  Citizens' Right To Know Act, we and our constituents lack the ability  to determine the effectiveness of taxpayer-funded pretrial release  programs. Without the required data, hundreds of Federally funded  pretrial release programs lack sufficient accountability to U.S.  taxpayers. This lack of accountability has the potential to allow many  repeat and violent offenders to get out of jail on our tax dollars. We  and our constituents deserve to know if resources are being spent  wisely and our communities are being protected.   Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Poe) on this very important legislation. I urge my colleagues to  support H.R. 2152, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   