 Madam President, I rise today to give tribute to the spirit  of the Cuban people--the people of my forefathers, who still live under  a corrupt and violent Communist regime--and to honor the memory of  Oswaldo Paya. Oswaldo was a champion for freedom. He died 6 years ago  this Sunday, on July 22, 2012, in a car crash that is widely believed  to have been orchestrated by the Castro regime.   The plight of the brave people of Cuba has been marked by terrible  suffering under both the Castro regime and the brutal dictatorship of  Fulgencio Batista before it. The Castros and their revolutionary  terrorist lackeys, like Che Guevara, are responsible for the suffering  and murder of countless innocent Cubans. It is because of these  oppressors that my family fled their beloved home in Cuba for a better  life in the United States.   My father, born and raised in Cuba, fought in the revolution,  initially believing that the principles of freedom were what the  revolution was all about. He fought against Batista, a cruel dictator,  and he was imprisoned and tortured by Batista's thugs.   Then my aunt, his younger sister, my tia Sonia--who was there after  the revolution succeeded, who discovered along with the rest of the  world that Fidel Castro was a Communist, who saw the torture and the  murder--my aunt fought in the counterrevolution against Fidel Castro,  and she, too, like her brother, was imprisoned and tortured, except  this time by Castro's thugs.   Both my father and my aunt were kids. They were kids who believed  they were fighting for freedom, and they discovered they went from one  tyrant to an even worse tyrant, a Communist dictator who would line up  dissidents and shoot them.   The betrayal, the brutality, and the violence experienced by my  father and by my aunt were all too typical of the millions of Cubans  who have suffered under the Castro regime of the last six decades.  Fidel may be dead, Raul may be retired, but the evil of the Castros  persists. It still molds the Cuban regime's fundamental opposition to  truth, to freedom, and to human rights.   But the malice and menace of communism cannot break down the will of  the Cuban people. Instead, it has strengthened their resolve. It has  further united them to fight for freedom and build a better future for  their country, to establish a free Cuba--a Cuba not streaked by the  ashes of dissident literature or littered with the corpses of  defenseless teenagers; a Cuba built on human decency and individual  liberty, where citizens are heard, not murdered, and speech is  protected, not silenced. It is the Cuba envisioned by Oswaldo Paya  Sardinas, his Christian Liberation Movement, and their fellow activists  who continue to stand against the Castro regime. It is the Cuba of the  young bloggers who expose the regime's crimes and corruption at the  risk of arrest, deportation, torture, or worse.   With time, the oppressions of the Castro regime gave rise to  remarkable leaders like Oswaldo Paya, whose life's work was the  peaceful overthrow of communism and whose legacy we honor today.  Oswaldo dedicated his life to promoting democratic freedoms and human  rights in Cuba. His memory continues to inspire dissidents in Cuba and  in other countries under tyrannical rule, countries like Venezuela,  where Nicolas Maduro routinely imprisons and murders those who dare  speak out against him, or Nicaragua, where the corrupt Ortega regime  desperately clings to power by persecuting journalists and violently  putting down protesters.   Last year, I introduced legislation to commemorate Oswaldo's legacy  by naming the street in front of the Embassy of Cuba, located right  here in Washington, as ``Oswaldo Paya Way.'' It would send a powerful  statement that here in the United States of America, we stand with  freedom fighters  [[Page S5095]]  like Oswaldo Paya who are working to bring hope and liberty to  oppressed nations, who are working to make a better Cuba, free of the  horrors of Communist rule.   I have never been to my father's homeland. I have never been to Cuba.  My father has not returned to Cuba in over 60 years. I look forward to  one day visiting Cuba, hopefully with my dad, with my tia Sonia, my  cousin Bibi, with my whole family, my two girls, and seeing a free  Cuba--where people can live according to their beliefs without fear of  imprisonment, violence, or oppression, but today is not that day.   There are many, like Oswaldo, who have fought for this vision for a  free Cuba, who are no longer with us, but their struggle will endure,  and their spirits will shine a light through the darkest nights. We  will never forget them, nor cease fighting to bring about the free Cuba  they died for. Today, and on July 22, and each day thereafter, they  will be remembered, ``Viva Cuba libre.''   I yield the floor.   