 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, no matter what you think of S. 2155, one of the  underlying bills being considered today, it is not what a clear  majority of Americans want Congress to be doing.   Madam Speaker, nobody is coming up to us in townhalls and asking  Congress to deregulate large financial institutions. We are not going  to a fish fry  [[Page H4298]]  and hearing from people that they want us to dismantle important  consumer protections. And nobody at VFW halls, Rotary Clubs, and PTA  meetings thinks this bill should be Congress' priority.   The reason this bill is on the floor is that the power brokers on  Wall Street want it on the floor. It is their bill; it is not the  people's bill.   Our broken campaign finance system lies at the heart of this warped  political system, where big money calls the shots in Washington.   For starters, in this broken system, too many good candidates without  access to big money are effectively barred from running altogether.  Those who can make it through have to spend hours dialing for dollars,  courting a narrow slice of the Nation's elite, while high-powered  lobbyists and special interests are dictating legislation here in  Congress, just like today.   Most recently, these backroom power brokers used their influence to  demand billion-dollar handouts for the wealthiest 1 percent from the  GOP tax scam. Now they are once again tearing down critical rules to  protect our financial system from another economic collapse.   Today's previous question would force a vote on H.R. 20, the  Government by the People Act, a comprehensive reform of our campaign  finance system to combat the influence of big money in our politics,  raise civic engagement, and amplify the voice of everyday Americans.   This legislation would increase and multiply the power of small  donors in America, breaking candidates' reliance on the big money  crowd, giving candidates the resources they need to compete and win.   That way, when it comes time to make policy, the elected  representatives of the people will work on behalf of our constituents,  not the big money donors.   Madam Speaker, the American people are sick of getting a raw deal  from Washington. That is why Democrats are offering a better deal for  our democracy: a comprehensive reform agenda to get rid of the  corruption that has led to such a dysfunctional political system here  in Washington. We will deliver real reforms that will restore a  government of, by, and for the people.   