 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to commit at the desk.    I am opposed to the bill in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, members of the Intelligence Committee, on  which few of us have an opportunity to serve, lead very odd lives.  Every single day, we descend in the bowels of this Capitol, four floors  down. We surrender our iPhones, we surrender our BlackBerrys, and we go  into windowless rooms where, on a daily basis, we hear about some of  the most grotesque threats to American safety and interests that you  can imagine: threats to American lives, threats to American interests,  and threats to our very way of life.   We see, every day, how essential 702 authorities are. The  intelligence that we gather under this authority is critical to our  safety, our security, and our lives. It saves lives. This program  cannot be interrupted, and, if it is, God forbid, we will have much to  answer for.   Even if this motion fails, the base bill, to those of you with  substantial civil liberties concerns--and I count myself amongst you-- the base bill makes important and meaningful civil liberties  improvements over the status quo.   I deeply appreciate the efforts of many in this Chamber that oppose  this bill, the efforts that they have made. Each and every one of us  swears an oath to protect and defend the Constitution, and no one  should ever be criticized for working hard to make sure that that  process is served; not Mr. Nadler, not Ms. Lofgren, not Mr. Amash, not  Mr. Poe.   Mr. Speaker, I have spent much of the last several days trying to  improve this bill with respect to civil liberties. I presented  amendments to the Rules Committee which were, sadly, not made in order.   But the fact is that these protections exist. There are strict  processes and procedures in place at the FBI as to how exactly U.S.- person information can be queried and used. On top of that, the entire  702 program is reviewed by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court,  the PCLOB, and is subject to meaningful congressional oversight by each  and every one of us.   To authorize this program each year, a Federal judge must find it has  met all statutory requirements and is consistent with the Fourth  Amendment. Mr. Speaker, three district courts and the Ninth Circuit  Court of Appeals have deemed this program constitutional.   But, Mr. Speaker, no bill is perfect, and so the motion I offer would  encompass all FBI matters--not just predicated investigations, but all  FBI matters not related to national security--and require court orders  founded on probable cause before the FBI could access U.S.-person  information under 702.   Mr. Speaker, this is a critical national security asset. It is as  important as our best operator, as our best technology, as our most  powerful weapons, and I appreciate the efforts that have been made to  secure our civil liberties. This motion to commit pushes this bill  slightly in that direction, building on the meaningful improvements to  the status quo, and I urge its passage.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   