 Mr. President, an opioid epidemic is sweeping the  country. More than 60,000 Americans are dying from opioid overdoses  every year--more than the number of Americans who died in all 20 years  of the Vietnam war. What a staggering fact that is, but behind each  number is a tragedy for a family who loses their loved one.   Today, I want to tell the story of the Hacala family from Rogers, AR.  It is a story of love, persistence, courage, and, I hope, a story that  will save other families from the tragedy they felt.   Betty and Steve Hacala are joining us in the Gallery today. I met  Betty and Steve 3 weeks ago at a roundtable on the opioid epidemic in  Little Rock with Attorney General Leslie Rutledge, State and local law  enforcement, and the families of opioid victims. The news is full of  tragic deaths from heroin, fentanyl, and prescription drugs. I met  families that day whose children died from those well-known drugs, but  I learned from the Hacalas about another killer: unwashed poppy seeds.   Their son, Stephen Junior, died in his sleep from an overdose 2 years  ago. Stephen was only 24 years old and was a recent graduate of the  University of Arkansas. He loved to play guitar, and he was very  accomplished at it. He was the joy of his parents' life, and he was the  joy of his sisters Christina and Lauren's lives. His sudden death came  as a shock to them, but they got another shock when an autopsy  determined that Stephen died of morphine intoxication. There were no  drugs in his apartment--no pill bottles, no needles, nothing. What had  been found was a 5-pound bag of unwashed poppy seeds. Stephen had  ordered the seeds on Amazon. The Arkansas crime lab soon determined  that the poppy seeds were the source of the morphine that killed  Stephen.   Stephen's death resulted in part because of a dangerous gap in our  Nation's drug laws. It has been well known for ages that poppies are  dangerous, both addictive and toxic. That is why it is illegal to grow  or own almost any part of the poppy--the straw, the pod, the latex.  There is an exception, of course, for poppy seeds, which many people  enjoy on bagels, muffins, cakes, and other pastries. The seed itself  isn't addictive, but unwashed seeds tend to still have bits of the  plant on them, which can be washed off and used to create a powerful  narcotic.   To give a sense of just how deadly poppy seed tea can be, a lethal  dose of morphine is about 200 milligrams, but researchers at Sam  Houston State University, commissioned by the Hacalas, concluded that  there were about 6,000 milligrams of morphine in that 5-pound bag of  seeds that Stephen bought. That is over 30 times the lethal dose.  Stephen had no way of knowing just how toxic these seeds were.   While there are plenty of legitimate uses for washed poppy seeds,  there are no legitimate uses for unwashed seeds. Yet drug dealers and  unscrupulous merchants are abusing the legal status of washed seeds to  profit and to push unwashed seeds, which are widely available through  online retailers. And when you read the user comments, you can easily  find instructions for how to brew poppy seed tea and a description of  its narcotic effects.   So there is no question of these unwashed seeds being used for  grandma's poppy seed cake; it is plain they are being used to smuggle  the banned drug into our homes, and the manufacturers and distributors  should know that. And Betty and Steve made sure they did. It is hard to  imagine the grief they feel. It would have been easy to despair, but  they did not. They want to save other families from their fate, to be  sure Stephen's death would have meaning. They researched the issue,  commissioning that report from Sam Houston State and studying the  market for unwashed poppy seeds. They also became advocates, meeting  with community leaders and elected officials. As I said, I only learned  about the danger of unwashed poppy seeds by meeting the Hacalas.   After that meeting, I put in a call to the leadership of Walmart and  Amazon, which at the time both allowed unwashed poppy seeds to be sold  on their websites. They listened to our case and quickly agreed to stop  selling poppy seeds that are labeled as unwashed. This is important.  The two behemoths of online commerce agreeing to take down those seeds  was a victory and a testament to what normal citizens like Steve and  Betty can accomplish.   This is more than a labeling problem. In fact, some of the most  potent and deadly seeds, which we know about thanks to the work of  Steve and Betty, are not labeled as unwashed and are still available  for purchase. Therefore, I will work in the Senate and with the Drug  Enforcement Agency to ban unwashed seeds entirely. But today I do want  to take a moment to thank Amazon and Walmart for taking an important  first step for our country, for our State, and for the Hacalas and  families like theirs.   It is always hard to lose a loved one, and a child is the hardest  loss of all. I suspect nothing can assuage that kind of grief. But  because of the Hacalas's courage and determination, we can hope that a  few more families will be spared it. That is an act of true love for  Stephen and for their fellow Americans.  [[Page S2415]]    Mr. President, the office of Secretary of State has always held a  place of special prominence in the President's Cabinet. The conduct of  foreign policy is the highest craft of statesmanship. In the  Secretary's hands rest matters of the most sensitive, delicate, and  consequential nature, affairs of war and--we always hope--peace.  President Kennedy put it simply when he said: ``Domestic policy can  only defeat us; foreign policy can kill us.'' That is why Presidents  across the ages have filled the office of Secretary of State with some  of the most distinguished statesmen in our history, names such as  Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Adams, Clay, Webster, Marshall, Kissinger.   Now we will add the name of Mike Pompeo. Very soon, the Senate will  confirm Mike to be our 70th Secretary of State. I strongly support his  nomination, as I have made widely known in recent days. Before we vote,  I want to emphasize what a truly impressive nominee he is--a man of  noble character whose name future generations, I suspect, will include  on the roster of those great statesmen.   Mike has succeeded at every stage of life. He graduated first in his  class at West Point and then joined the 2nd Cavalry on the frontline of  freedom in West Germany. After his military service, he excelled at  Harvard Law School. He later started one business and served as  president of another. He became a respected community leader in his  adopted home of Wichita, where his fellow Kansans elected him in  repeated landslides to serve them in the House of Representatives.  Wichita is also where he had his biggest victory of all--winning the  hand of his bride, Susan. Of course, he has served as Director of the  Central Intelligence Agency for the past 15 months after being  confirmed by the Senate on a bipartisan vote of 66 to 32. Since then, I  have watched Mike lead the CIA, boost its morale, and put the right  people in the right places, driving them to succeed and holding them  accountable.   None of this surprises me because I have known Mike for as long as I  have been in public life. When I was an unknown candidate for the  House, he called me out of the blue to encourage me and offer support.  He was one of my best friends in the House and one of my strongest  supporters and smartest advisers in my Senate campaign. As Members of  the House and Senate Intelligence Committees, we traveled the world  together to learn, to conduct oversight, and to engage with foreign  leaders.    Mike and I have collaborated on several occasions to highlight  gathering threats to our Nation. In 2013 we wrote an op-ed in the  Washington Post calling on our party to support a strike against Bashar  al-Assad for using chemical weapons. It was a lonely place for  Republicans to be, but we were right then, and we are right now. I only  wish more Republicans and President Obama had heeded our call.   In 2015 we traveled to Vienna, where we discovered and revealed  Iran's secret side deals with the International Atomic Energy Agency.  In 2016, after a trip to Norway and Sweden, we wrote an op-ed in the  Wall Street Journal drawing attention to Europe's growing challenges  with mass migration and what it means for our own country.   Mike has gone from one success to another because he is a consummate  professional--a man who treats everyone with respect but who doesn't  pull a punch or shade a view to please his audience.   Democrats don't deny his professionalism. The senior Senator from  Montana has said that he has led an ``exemplary career in public  service.'' The junior Senator from Delaware said he would be a ``good  advocate for the career professionals at the State Department and  USAID.'' Even former Secretaries of State Hillary Clinton and Madeleine  Albright have expressed their hope that he would reinvigorate the State  Department, and nonpartisan experts agree that Mike Pompeo's integrity  and record of accomplishments cannot be denied. As ADM James Stavridis  has said, Mike is ``a solid, thoughtful and accomplished leader.'' It  is why 30 national security professionals--including former NSA  Director Keith Alexander, former CIA Director Michael Hayden, and  former Attorney General Mike Mukasey--submitted a letter endorsing  Mike's nomination.   Unfortunately, many Democratic Senators are opposing Mike's  nomination, and they have given their reasons. But I have to say that  these reasons don't hold up very well under scrutiny. Some say Mike is  adverse to diplomacy. In fact, he simply knows that diplomacy is most  effective when it is backed with a credible military threat. As  Frederick the Great said, ``Diplomacy without arms is like music  without instruments.''   He also knows that some situations may not be susceptible to  diplomatic solutions no matter how much one might wish it so. That is a  fact of life. It is not a reason to oppose Mike's nomination.   I would add that he recently demonstrated his commitment to diplomacy  by meeting with Kim Jong Un to lay the groundwork for the President's  upcoming summit. It is hard to think of a worse regime than North  Korea, but Mike was willing to sit down with Kim to try to find a  peaceful solution to the nuclear crisis on the Korean Peninsula. That  should show us all, definitively, that he is committed to diplomacy.   Others say they are opposing Mike because they disagree with him on  social issues. Here I would simply note that most Republicans surely  disagree with Hillary Clinton's and John Kerry's views on these issues.  Yet they still voted to confirm them. For that matter, Hillary Clinton  opposed same-sex marriage when the Democrats voted to confirm her back  in 2009. So it hardly seems fair to hold Mike Pompeo to a different  standard.   Still, others oppose Mike's nomination because he refused to say that  he would resign if President Trump fired Special Counsel Robert  Mueller. I have to say, that is quite a stretch for a Secretary of  State nomination. This isn't the Department of Justice. On the merits,  I would ask: Do they think it would have been a good idea for Henry  Kissinger and Jim Schlesinger to resign in 1973 or 1974? Would it help  or hurt America to have our top diplomat suddenly leave the world stage  at a time of domestic turmoil? And if that is to be the standard, have  those Democrats asked Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis that question? I  bet they haven't.   Finally, there are those who worry that he will not be a check on the  President. But since when is a Cabinet member supposed to do that?  Regular elections, the separation of powers, and all that entails are  the checks on the executive branch under our Constitution. The  President's Cabinet owes him candid advice, especially when he doesn't  want to hear it, but they aren't supposed to undermine him. The State  Department, in particular, is the last place for open conflict between  the President and a Cabinet member. If the world doesn't believe that  the Secretary has the President's confidence and conducts foreign  policy on his behalf, he is of little use to the President or the  country.   In fact, I would say it is the President's confidence in Mike that  cinches his readiness for the job. When Mike Pompeo speaks, the world  will know that the Secretary of State speaks for the President. He is  well respected by the President's national security team, and he is  well respected by the world.   I know Mike Pompeo will excel as our Secretary of State, and I regret  some Senators will oppose him for shortsighted, political reasons, but  since they all profess grave concerns about the lack of personnel at  the State Department, I look forward to them all confirming Secretary  Pompeo's sub-Cabinet nominees promptly once he submits them.   But even better is to put politics aside and to do the right thing  for our country. Mike Pompeo has served his country with distinction.  He is eminently qualified to be Secretary of State, and we need him on  the job now. I call on every Senator to vote for confirmation and to  send to the State Department a strong leader, a wise counselor, and a  good man--Mike Pompeo.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   