 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   We know what is going on in Yemen, so none of us can escape the  responsibility we have to either endorse or ignore the suffering that  is occurring there. Thousands of victims in Yemen--hundreds of  thousands--are dying of starvation.   It is happening, in some cases, quickly. People living in their homes  under a bomb die instantly. In other cases, the suffering is  prolonged--badly injured and no medical help to ease the suffering, let  alone save the life. But in the case of most, it is prolonged through  starvation.   Children do not have access to their mother's milk, do not have  access to the aid that is in the port but is getting bombed and can't  be delivered. That is happening every single day.   The U.N. report said that, of the 28 million people in Yemen, about  20 million are in danger of humanitarian disaster. That is happening.  There is no dispute that it is happening.   Here is the question: Right now, that is being done with the  authority of the executive branch of the United States Government. It  means that that suffering that is avoidable and hardly inevitable is  being done in your name and in mine.   Mr. Khanna has brought forth a resolution that allows us to have a  debate on this floor as to whether we will condone the continuation of  that policy of inflicting the loss of innocent life: women, children,  and citizens of Yemen. This rule prohibits us from accepting  responsibility as to whether we will condone or condemn or oppose that  policy.   We have no justification for failing to do our job. Let us debate.   This policy of Saudi Arabia of inflicting massive civilian casualty  and suffering is for what? What national interest of this country is at  stake by allowing that to continue?  [[Page H9521]]    Some, including me, may say that this threatens our national interest  because our national interest is to defend innocent life; it is not to  kill innocent life. It is to stand with allies who are going to be  honest and transparent with us as well as their own citizens.   This blank check that our administration has given to Saudi Arabia  for massive killing that is occurring in Yemen or individual  assassination that is occurring in Turkey is wrong.    Mr. Speaker, the question for us is: Will we accept the  minimal responsibility that we have in our job to have a debate and say  no more, no more will this be done in our name?   