 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 119,  expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental  to American families and businesses and is not in the best interest of  the United States.   Mr. Speaker, my colleague and friend from Massachusetts just said  that we need to be addressing real concerns. Well, I respectfully  submit, Mr. Speaker, that the loss of paychecks of tens of thousands of  Kentuckians over the last decade, as a result of a war on fossil  energy, is a major concern. Maybe not in Massachusetts, but men and  women who have lost paychecks, whose lives have been devastated by  overregulation, that is a real concern, Mr. Speaker.   This Congress, fortunately, in cooperation with this administration,  is now leading our country back, not just toward energy independence,  but energy dominance and strong economic growth, and, finally, jobs as  a priority, and energy security, by rolling back onerous regulations  that have harmed livelihoods and threatened our grid resiliency.   Mr. Speaker, implementing a carbon tax would not only harm these  efforts, but it would result in massive job losses, lead to higher  prices for families and businesses, and jeopardize our energy security.   My home State of Kentucky relies heavily on fossil fuels, as our coal  resources provide our State thousands of jobs and deliver more than 83  percent of our electricity. This allows Kentuckians to enjoy some of  the lowest average electricity rates in the Nation.   A carbon tax, Mr. Speaker, would be an attack on the poor. It would  be an attack on people who cannot afford high electricity bills.   The implementation of a carbon tax would be detrimental not only to  Kentucky's economy, but to the progress of our Nation, and the progress  we are making toward energy resilience and freedom.   Instead of increasing government mandates and regulations on  industries, and picking winners and losers, we should look for new,  innovative ways to promote air quality and address environmental  concerns. The best way to do that is not through central planning from  Washington. It is to unleash free enterprises to encourage innovation  and to harness the carbon cycle.   Mr. Speaker, I am not a climate denier. I am not a science denier. I  am a climate thinker. I am a science thinker. Real science is not just  about assessing cost only. It is about looking at benefits as well.  Those supporting a carbon tax look only at costs, but not benefits, of  coal and other fossil energy.    Coal provides cheap, plentiful, reliable energy over the long term.  We should not want the most carbon-free energy. We should want the best  energy. We should want the most reliable energy. We should want the  most effective energy, energy that best facilitates human life, human  flourishing, and human progress. And that is what fossil energy is.   Government mandates and central planning, like a carbon tax, add  costs to private sector innovation, resulting in poor air quality and  more, not less, global pollution.  [[Page H6480]]    Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, the goal should not be green energy. The  goal should be the advancement of the human condition.   Mr. Speaker, I support H. Con. Res. 119, and I thank Representative  Scalise, our whip, for his efforts on this important issue.   