 Mr. President, while our colleagues from Tennessee and  Missouri are here, I just want to tell you that along with Lisa  Murkowski and Tom Harkin, I worked on this issue when we were debating  the Affordable Care Act.   As I recall, a provision on menu labeling was included not just in  the Finance Committee version of the bill but also in the version that  came through the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. That  was adopted out when we did the Affordable Care Act--I want to say  around 2009, 2010, 2011--and it has taken a long time for the FDA and  other regulatory bodies to figure out how to actually implement our  legislation.   The reason we adopted legislation is that we spend a whole lot more  money on healthcare in this country than many other developed nations.  In the United States, we spend 18 percent of our GDP--18 percent. In  Japan, they spend 8 percent of their GDP. If you look at people in  Japan--I have lived there and worked there as a naval flight officer.  When you look at the people in Japan, compared to us, they are less  obese.   We have a huge problem. One out of three people in our country are  overweight or obese, including kids. Hence, we decided we weren't in  the business of telling people what they should eat or shouldn't eat,  but the idea of trying to inform people what they were eating and to  work with the restaurants and grocery stores and others to try to make  this happen is something that was close to my heart and certainly close  to Lisa Murkowski's heart and Tom Harkin's heart.   I am not one of the people who has objected to what I think Senator  Blunt is proposing, but I am still deeply interested in the issue and  would welcome a chance to be involved with my colleagues from  Mississippi and Tennessee going forward, if they would like, and I am  sure Senator Murkowski would feel the same way.   That is not why I came to the floor, but thank you very much and bon  appetit.   Mr. President, what I did come to the floor for was to talk about  something I think is important to almost all of us.   Back in the late sixties--actually early seventies--I served two  tours in Southeast Asia during the Vietnam war, and the highlight for  us every day was mail call. Every day, every week we looked forward to  what we would get from our families and friends back home. We even  welcomed getting credit card bills. Just having some connection to the  mainland was always welcomed then.   Today we have troops scattered around the world. They still get mail  call. It is not as important to them. It is not as meaningful to them.  They still get packages and that kind of thing--letters, birthday  cards, and so forth--but it is not as important to them as it was to  us.   We communicate a lot differently now. Folks who are deployed around  the world can use Skype. They can use the internet. They can use text  messaging and all kinds of ways to communicate with their families,  loved ones, and others.   Having said that, the Postal Service is still vital to an industry  that supports about 8 million jobs in America. It is a trillion-dollar  industry, and it is especially important in rural parts of our country.   We are a nation, where most of us live--I think something like 75  percent of Americans live within about 100 miles of one of our coasts.  Think about that. Seventy-five percent of Americans or so live within  100 miles of our coasts. That means we have a lot of rural areas in the  eastern part of our Nation, the central part of our Nation, and the  western part of our Nation. For a lot of those folks, they don't have  broadband--so they don't have internet connection--and so the mail is  especially important for them.   There are places like Alaska where they even get their food by the  mail, and there are places, I understand, in Maine, especially up along  the Canadian border, where the mail service is enormously important.   So as we look at not just reorganization of our government, but as we  look at the Postal Service, there are some people who are interested in  privatizing, and the President has talked a bit about privatizing.  There has been talk about that for years.   Senator Collins is on the floor. She and I have worked for a number  of years to try to make sure the Postal Service has what it has and  what it needs to be successful and vibrant, to be able to generate  enough money to meet their obligations, to modernize their vehicle  fleet--which on average is about 25 years old--and to be able to  modernize the mail processing centers that used to handle mostly first- class mail. Now they handle just a lot of packages and parcels. We want  to make sure they have the infrastructure to meet that opportunity  today.   Today I am here to talk about an amendment that is important to the  American people, to rural and small towns, and to our economy. However,  apparently, some of our Republican friends will not allow a bipartisan  amendment to be considered for a vote.   The amendment was offered by Senator Heitkamp, Senator Moran, and  myself. The goal of our amendment is pretty simple, and that is to  protect American taxpayers from misguided efforts to privatize the  Postal Service.   Frankly, I think this amendment should be an easy vote for all of our  colleagues. Yet a couple of our Republican colleagues are reluctant to  tell their constituents that they support rural and small America  losing their postal services.   We know privatizing the Postal Service would be a disaster, maybe not  for  [[Page S5343]]  all American consumers but for a lot of them, especially in parts of  America that I talked to, where there are not too many people but a lot  of land, and people are separated by wide expanses in those States. But  privatizing the Postal Service would be a disaster for a number of  Americans, especially those in rural parts of America.   It would be a devastating blow to the trillion-dollar mailing  industry, which persists around this country, which was built around  this country, and which is built on the mailing industry.   It would put more than 8 million American jobs in jeopardy--not just  jobs in the Postal Service but jobs across our economy. The number of  people working in the U.S. Postal Service is down by at least one-third  over the last 10 years--by at least one-third. The number of mail  processing centers has been cut in half. The number of full-time post  offices that are operating 5 or 6 days a week, let's say, from 8 in the  morning to 5 in the afternoon, the number of those post offices that  will have full service full time is down by at least one-third. The  Postal Service has worked to rightsize their infrastructure and their  distribution network to meet the demand for their services today, but  you don't have to take my word for it because, for years, privatization  efforts have been overwhelmingly opposed by stakeholders across the  board. That is not just by the Postal Service, not just by people  working in the Postal Service but by industry that uses the Postal  Service, by small businesses--not just by big businesses but small  businesses--by unions, and by the American people as a whole.   The Trump administration has just put forward a government  reorganization plan that included a recommendation to privatize the  Postal Service. Since the founding of this country and the creation of  the Postal Service, we have maintained that every American should have  equal access to the mail, regardless of whether the Postal Service were  to be privatized. That will no longer be a promise we can make to  Americans who do not live in urban centers. Yet we have companies, such  as UPS and FedEx, that use the Postal Service to get to most homes in  America for the final stretch of delivery. For a lot of folks who get  service by UPS and FedEx, the folks who actually deliver the packages  and the parcels the last mile are with the Postal Service, and that is  a piece of their business. It is a constructive way for them to work  with these other businesses to get the job done, almost as partners.   If we do privatize the Postal Service, the only places where it will  be profitable will be where it retains mail delivery. Let me say that  again. If we were actually to privatize the Postal Service, the only  places where it will be profitable will be where it retains postal or  mail delivery.   If we allow the Postal Service to be privatized, I can't imagine we  will be able to maintain Alaska Bypass mail or delivery to Hawaii or to  rural mail routes around the Canadian border in Maine because, for a  private company, the costs would outweigh the profits, and they are in  business to make money.   We cannot let that happen. Everyone, regardless of location, age,  race, gender, should have equal access to what is an essential American  service.   For any colleague of mine--of ours--who wants to help rural  communities, who wants to protect the rights of American consumers, and  who wants to bolster our economy, this should be a no-brainer.   With that, I yield the floor.   I see the Senator from the State of Iowa--which has great mail  service--who knows of which I speak.   