 Mr. Speaker, what cruel irony that this rule, dealing,  in part, with too much food in America, will deny food to millions in  Yemen.   In that remote corner of the world, of which most Americans know very  little, 85,000 children have already died, and another 12 million  people are on starvation's brink. This very day, more children will die  of starvation and disease.   In an eloquent plea this week, Nick Kristof reports on one of them,  an 8-year-old boy who is starving, and his limbs are like sticks. ``He  gazes stolidly ahead, tuning out everything,'' as his ``body focuses  every calorie simply on keeping [his] organs functioning,'' weighing  just over 30 pounds.   United Nations officials have warned that ``this could become the  worst famine'' in the world in a generation. Mr. Kristof rightly  concludes very succinctly. ``The bottom line: Our tax dollars are going  to starve children.''   Suffering is rising; American bombs are still falling. When the Saudi  coalition attacked a schoolbus, killing 40 little children, scrawled on  the remains of the bomb were words that meant ``made in America.''   With today's rule, Trump's enablers here in this House, they tell him  to keep it up, keep supporting the murderous Saudi regime for whom they  can see no evil and hear no evil, even if there is a recording of the  Saudi murder and dismemberment of an American resident available to  listen to.   This rule today prohibits a fair debate and a vote on this floor  because the Republican leaders know that so many members of their own  party, along with Democrats, can no longer stomach these atrocities.    Mr. Speaker, atrocities that are supported with American  tax dollars. They fear that a bipartisan majority of this House would  reject what has become a wretched stain on our Nation.   Last month, this same group of Trump enablers buried consideration of  our resolution to end this atrocity in a bill about gray wolves, and,  today, they bury Yemenis again with a bill about American agricultural  abundance.   As Americans celebrate this special, joyous season of Christmas, the  Trump administration, if we do not act today, will continue to write  the epitaph on the mass graves in Yemen.   Let's reject this rule today and put a stop to this egregious  wrongdoing.    Mr. Speaker, as we approve this Asia Reassurance  Initiative Act, it is also very important that we provide reassurance  to Americans that our values are not being abandoned. With one deranged  tweet after another, many people, both here and in Asia, view the  United States as having lost its way.   As approved by the Senate, this particular resolution responds very  appropriately to the vacillation and confusion of the Trump  administration's foreign policy, including its trade agenda.   In today's important House amendment to section 302 of the bill, we  commit not only to support continued engagement and friendship in the  Asia-Pacific region, but to advance, through our trade negotiations,  the values for which America has long been recognized as a beacon of  hope to the world. That is a beacon that should leave no corner of this  globe, including Asia, in the dark, and it must include human rights as  a universal concept for all the people of the world.   Our economic relations must be rooted in our shared values, our  respect for human rights, and our adherence to the rule of law. It  takes more than simply an opportunity to have more exports to justify a  new agreement with a trading partner.   A previous administration looked the other way on Malaysian human  trafficking in pursuit of more commerce, and it found itself in this  House short of votes. We must not make that mistake again.   With this new, improved section 302, Congress rejects support for  just any trade agreement and indicates its support for those agreements  with partners that actually respect, promote, and adhere to the rule of  law.   By its very terms, when section 302, as amended, is tied with title  IV as it came over from the Senate, we would not, for example, be  justified in new trade agreements with Myanmar, formerly Burma, after  its murderous ethnic cleansing of its Rohingya population. Nor does it  offer any support to the Trump administration's July 26 declaration of  intent to reward the tyrant of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte.   Every Democratic member of the House Ways and Means Trade  Subcommittee, on which I serve, has advised this administration that  ``we strongly oppose President Duterte's Philippines as a trade  agreement partner.''   All of us noted that ``Duterte's fiery rhetoric has been linked to a  surge of extrajudicial killings of citizens by police and gunmen.''   Duterte's shocking human rights abuses is not all. Child labor is  persistent and serious. Safety is not prioritized, as indicated by the  72 workers who were killed in a garment factory fire.   These anti-worker policies mean that the Philippines is a low-wage  country  [[Page H10138]]  that markets itself to American companies looking to further outsource  American jobs. Yet Duterte's rule has been marked by abusive, arbitrary  actions against international investors who have turned to the  Philippines.   We all said on the Trade Subcommittee that ``we strongly oppose  Duterte as a trade partner,'' and I hope the Administration is  listening.   Though Trump's hug-a-thug approach around the world has repeatedly  preferred foreign tyrants over dependable, long-term American allies, I  believe that human rights is not a luxury. It is central to American  values. It is central to the security of every American family.   Amending this bill today helps us to achieve that objective and to  send a strong message to the administration about the trade policies  that we will consider in the coming year.   