 Madam President, I am pleased to join my colleague from  Arkansas, the chairman of the Military Construction and Veterans  Affairs Appropriations Subcommittee in presenting this bill for  consideration before the full Senate. I thank him for his work to  create a fair and bipartisan bill. I also thank the Appropriations  Committee chairman and vice chairman for their leadership and  commitment to an orderly process to bring these bills and all the  appropriations bills to the floor. This is the first set of  appropriations bills before the Senate this year. We are making good  progress, and in the next few days, we are going to set the tone for  the rest of our work this year on appropriations.   This bill builds on the progress we made in the omnibus by providing  critical funding to support our veterans, servicemembers, and their  families. It also funds military construction projects that are needed  to continue our work to address years of budgetary risk-taking that  have led to neglected facilities tied to military readiness.   In total, the bill provides the VA with nearly $5 billion more than  last year's bill and adds more than $200 million for military  construction.   I am particularly pleased that we were able to fund $500 million  worth of unfunded military construction requirements. While increased  funding must continue to be requested and sustained in future years,  this funding makes progress to restore military readiness across the  joint force, including, importantly, for the Army and Air National  Guard that have served as an  [[Page S4016]]  operational reserve for nearly two decades of war.   The increased funding for the VA will go where it will do the most  good for our veterans and their families, and that includes $400  million to combat the opioid epidemic, which is $18 million above the  budget request; $365 million above the budget request for the  caregivers program; nearly $500 million above the omnibus for mental  health services; an additional $87 million to increase staffing to  process veterans' disability claims appeals; and an additional $30  million to help deliver telehealth services to remote and rural areas.   We also add funding for VA medical care above the fiscal year 2019  advance appropriation that we provided in the omnibus. This includes an  additional $750 million for VA in-house care and $1 billion to pay for  privately provided care through VA's traditional community care  programs.   We all agree that VA's community partners are essential to serving  veterans and ensuring access, especially in rural areas, but privately  provided care cannot come at the expense of VA's in-house medical  services or other programs that are core to VA, and that is where the  administration is trying to take us. Without budgetary relief, their  efforts will leave a $38 billion hole at VA and undermine its ability  to serve our veterans and their families.   I know that the chairman and vice chairman of the whole committee are  continuing to work with the leadership and the chairman and ranking  member of the authorizing committee to fix this issue so that we can  fulfill our promises to veterans, and on that, they will have my full  support.   Madam President, I again thank Chairman Boozman and his staff and my  staff for their hard work and collaboration that went into crafting  this bipartisan bill. I will have more to say as we move forward this  week. In the meantime, I encourage any of our colleagues who may have  amendments to file those as soon as possible so that we can ensure that  we have sufficient time to review them.   Madam President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a  quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Olivia  Harris, Ramsay Eyre, Madeleine Granda, Brendon McGovern, and Jack  Plunkett be granted floor privileges for the length of the current  debate on H.R. 5895, an act making appropriations for Energy and Water  Development, the Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and  Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2019.   