 Mr. President, I have the great pleasure today to talk  about a friend. It is a bittersweet moment because that friend is  choosing not to stay with us here in the Senate. He didn't run for  reelection. He is going back home to Utah, but I want to take a minute  to talk about his incredible accomplishments here as a public servant  over a 42-year career--over 4 decades here in the Senate.   Some people come here because they want to be somebody. Orrin Hatch  came here because he wanted to do something for people, and boy, he has  done that. Time after time, he has stepped up to serve the American  people.   When Senator Hatch retires, the Senate will be losing not only our  President pro tempore--that means that he is fourth in line to be  President, and he is the President pro tempore here of the Senate, the  most senior Member--but we are also going to lose somebody who, over  the years, has been a mentor for a lot of us because he is a person who  is committed to legislating, to making a difference in the lives of the  people of Utah and the people of our great country. He has been a  Statesman. At a time of bare-knuckle politics, isn't it nice to have  that model? That is Orrin Hatch.   Back in 1976, a blue-collar kid from Pennsylvania, who had been a  card-carrying union member, of which he is proud, and later went to law  school and in Salt Lake City became a successful litigation attorney,  decided to run for the Senate. He was running against a 3-term  incumbent. Normally, that is not a recipe for success, but he had a  rare and impressive victory for a first-time candidate, and he hasn't  looked back since.   When he got elected, I think he probably was a little surprised, but  he also realized that he owed something to the people of Utah. That was  to put his nose to the grindstone and make a difference for them, and  that is what he has done.   They say he has sponsored more bills that have become law than any  other living Member of Congress. He might even have that record for any  Member of Congress but, certainly, for those of us who are still  around.   He is the former chairman of the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions Committee, also called the HELP Committee, and the former  chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. Currently, he is the  chairman of the all-powerful Senate Finance Committee. I say that  somewhat jokingly, but, truly, that committee has jurisdiction over  such a broad range of issues, all of which Senator Hatch has touched. I  have gotten to work with him on a lot of those issues over the years,  when I was on the Ways and Means Committee in the House and now on the  Senate Finance Committee. We have worked together on tax reform, on  anti-drug legislation, on pension legislation, on healthcare  legislation, on intellectual property legislation, and on so much more.    I also had the honor of working very closely with him when I was U.S.  Trade Representative because the Senate Finance Committee handles trade  matters. He was always extremely involved and engaged in expanding the  opportunities for U.S. workers and farmers to sell their products  abroad. With a slew of achievements to highlight, it is his most recent  accomplishment that I want to talk about very briefly, and that is the  devotion he gave to tax reform.   Remember, it had been 31 years since we had had any significant tax  reform in this body. Then, a couple of years ago, Orrin Hatch said: Do  you know what? We are going to do this. He set up a bunch of working  groups, and they were bipartisan. I cochaired one of them with Senator  Schumer, who is now the Democratic leader. He said: Let's go to work on  this thing.  [[Page S7114]]    Frankly, a lot of people didn't give him much of a chance. Why? It  had been tried previously in those 31 years, and it had been  unsuccessful. Then, here we were in this partisan atmosphere. How could  it possibly succeed?   He kept at it, and he shepherded through the process what, I think,  is historic tax reform and what I know is helping the people I  represent. It is helping small businesses, and it is helping American  workers. It is helping to give people opportunities that they would not  otherwise have had.   It had been 31 years. Think about that. Back then, Senator Hatch was  a second-term Senator. Pete Rose still played for the Cincinnati Reds.  Ronald Reagan was President of the United States.   After 31 years, it was probably a good idea to update the Tax Code,  and he did that. It is pro-growth. It is resulting in more investment  in people and equipment and jobs. As a result, I believe you see this  expansion of our economy out there. I think it is the biggest single  reason for it.   Wages are finally going up for the first time, really, in a decade  and a half, and families have just a little more cash to spend for  their Christmas shopping, for their retirements, for their healthcare,  for their kids and grandkids. That is exactly what Senator Hatch  intended when we crafted that new law, and that is a heck of a capstone  for an amazing career.   I am also, though, very grateful for his work in other areas--in  protecting religious freedom, in encouraging technological innovation,  in focusing a lot on the tech community and how we can help here in  Congress to either provide legislation that helps them to be  successful, which has encouraged this economic growth we have seen in  this country over the last several decades, or to get out of the way,  when necessary, to ensure that technology can continue to be at the  cutting edge here in the United States.   He has even helped songwriters. Now, some might think that is selfish  of him because he is a songwriter himself, but he did it because he  realized that songwriters deserved to get a responsible return and to  be able to protect their intellectual property that they had embedded  in their music and in their videos. So he has been a hero to the folks  in the music industry as a result.   By the way, he is not done. This week, next week, and the week after,  Senator Hatch is and will be leading a bipartisan effort with Senator  Brown to save the multiemployer pension system. Folks, this is not a  task that people take on because it is fun. It is difficult. It is  difficult on substance, and it is difficult on politics. Who is back in  the lead? Orrin Hatch, as cochair of this select committee, which this  Congress formed to finally come up with a way to keep these pensions  from going under, to keep the government entity that ensures the  pensions, which is called the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or  PBGC, from going under, and, ultimately, to ensure that our economy and  thousands of businesses will not be impacted so negatively, because we  are going to lose a lot of businesses, and we are going to lose the  ability to provide people with their hard-earned retirement money  unless we fix this system.   Once again, he is in the lead and is trying not to do something that  is good for him or good for him politically but something that is good  for our country that he knows has to be done. In my view, Orrin Hatch  epitomizes what it means to be a public servant and to be a servant  leader because he does it through leadership. He doesn't have to give  speeches on civility; he practices it.   Over the years, for me, he has been a model of a serious legislator-- one focused on delivering results. Perhaps, most importantly, he is a  gentleman. He is a gentleman who treats everybody with respect-- everybody. Regardless of your political focus, regardless of who you  are in this place or what your station in life is, Orrin Hatch treats  you with respect and dignity.   Despite all of these legislative accomplishments during his more than  four decades in the Senate, what is he the most proud of? His family. I  know that. I got to know his son early on when we worked together as  lawyers in the first Bush White House. This was about 30 years ago. He  and Elaine, his wife, have been together now for more than 60 years.  They have 6 children, 23 grandchildren, and 24 great-grandchildren.  Now, that 24 might have increased since I started talking--I don't  know--but he has a lot of them.   Even as he retires as the President pro tempore of this body, I know  he is going to stay busy with the Hatch Foundation, and, folks, he is  going to stay busy with that growing family. Shepherding tax reform  will be nothing compared to shepherding 47 grandchildren and great- grandchildren this holiday season.   Orrin Hatch, we thank you for what you have done for your State and  your country. I know I speak on behalf of this body as a whole when I  say that the impact you have had during your time here in the Senate  has been one that has made all of us better by being around you and has  made this country better. I am grateful for having had the opportunity  to work with you as a colleague, and I look forward to the pleasure of  our continuing friendship. Enjoy your retirement, Orrin. It is well- deserved. Godspeed.   