 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise this morning to speak in favor of  the National Defense Authorization Act. We are currently negotiating  with Members of the Republican and Democratic Parties on how to  consider amendments. We will eventually get there, as we do every year,  because the NDAA bill has passed Congress--the Senate and the House-- and has been signed by the President for 57 years in a row on a  wonderfully bipartisan basis. I expect, when it is all said and done,  that will happen again this year.   As a matter of fact, I was just speaking to a group of Hawaiians who  were gathered together under the leadership of Senator Mazie Hirono.  Senator Hirono is the ranking member of the subcommittee that I chair,  the Seapower Subcommittee. We were able to make the point and have been  able to make the point at several forums about what a bipartisan issue  this is, to protect our country through a strong Navy and through the  provisions that we will enact under the Seapower title. Of course, this  bipartisan exercise is a very important fulfillment of our  constitutional responsibility. It is right there in the preamble--to  ``provide for the common defence.'' And that is what our subcommittee  has done.   The bill this year authorizes $716 billion for national defense. This  is an increase from last year, and we finally got rid of the notion  that we can somehow be a safe and secure nation and have this defense  sequestration that had come upon us due to our inability to deal with  the budget. Last year we authorized and appropriated $700 billion for  national defense, and this bill would up that a little to $716 billion.  My position is that we need every penny of that. The top line matches  the figures we have set in the 2-year budget. That was passed by the  House and Senate on a bipartisan basis and signed into law by the  President of the United States, President Trump.   Secretary Mattis says this defense spending is essential at these  levels to keep America safe and to support our men and women in  uniform. Secretary Mattis authored the new national defense strategy,  and it prioritizes preparing the Armed Forces for long-term strategic  competition with China and Russia. We would like to be on a friendlier  basis with China and Russia, but sadly, at this point, we are not. We  are in a long-term strategic competition. I believe Secretary Mattis,  when he says we need to do this, and the NDAA, which is the subject  matter before us on the floor right now, recognize that. Strategy is  driving the budget this year, not the other way around.   As I noted, I am chairman of the Seapower Subcommittee. Senator  Hirono is my ranking Democratic member. We both recognize that  upholding our maritime interests is becoming more and more critical. We  are a maritime nation, and Americans need to understand this. The  Seapower title recognizes this. It positions the Navy and Marine Corps  to retain superiority over rapidly modernizing Chinese and Russian  maritime forces.   I am happy to say that it accelerates the naval buildup toward the  statutory 355-ship Navy, which was signed into law as a result of the  NDAA last year. The SHIPS Act, which Senator Hirono and I both  persuaded every member of our subcommittee to cosponsor--every  Republican and every Democrat on the Seapower Subcommittee sponsored  this. We were able to add the SHIPS Act to the NDAA last year and have  it signed by the President of the United States.   The bill this year builds on what we hoped would be the result of the  SHIPS Act. It authorizes $23 billion for building 11 new ships that we  didn't intend to build otherwise--an increase of $1.2 billion above the  DOD budget request. The statutory language signed by the President is  actually getting us there. It adds over $1 billion in advanced  procurement funding for attack submarines, destroyers, and amphibious  ships that will stabilize the industrial base, encourage new suppliers  to enter the marketplace, and save taxpayers money in the long run  through this mechanism of advanced procurement funding for our attack  submarines. It authorizes multiyear contracting--another cost-saver-- for our Super Hornet fighters, Hawkeye early warning planes, and two  types of standard missiles fired from our Navy ships.   I am pleased with the progress we have made, and I am pleased that  our work on the SHIPS Act last year is already paying dividends in  terms of getting us much more quickly to the 355-ship fleet.   The NDAA also includes 12 provisions that were contained in a bill  that Senator McCain and I authored in response to the tragedies of the  USS John McCain and the USS Fitzgerald collisions. Frankly, there were  other mishaps in the Pacific also. In the McCain and the Fitzgerald, 17  soldiers tragically died because of accidents involving our ships.   Based on studies that we commissioned in this Congress, we came  back--Senator McCain and I--and introduced provisions. I will mention  five of them today.   They are included in the base NDAA bill.   First, we direct a comprehensive review of the Navy's cumbersome and  confusing chains of command. This confusing chain of command in the  Pacific has been a problem.   We limit the duration of ships homeported overseas to no more than 10  years. After 10 years of being homeported overseas, forward-deployed  ships must now rotate back to the United States more frequently to  avoid being overtaxed from constant operations. That is in this bill.   We give forward-deployed ships more sailors. We have had a shortage  there, regrettably, inflicted somewhat because of defense  sequestration.   We require the Navy to develop a more realistic standard workweek  assessment. I know the Presiding Officer understands this from the  testimony we have received. The old system led to sailors routinely  working 100-hour workweeks. Is it any wonder that our sailors were  fatigued and burned out,  [[Page S3872]]  with 100-plus-hour workweeks? This NDAA bill, which we must pass and  get to the President, would end that. It would also allow the Secretary  of the Navy more flexibility in the personnel process to keep talented  officers in the Navy and to keep talented officers in the Marine Corps.   One other thing I will mention is that we have the title of CFIUS  reform. CFIUS simply stands for Committee on Foreign Investment in the  United States--CFIUS. This provision is designed to protect our  interests with regard to the designs of China, and it came to us,  actually, out of the banking bill. We need to stop China from gaining  access to military technology and gaining access to strategically  important industries in the United States through buying our companies.  China is buying American companies and then getting access to the  intellectual property owned by those companies. This is what CFIUS  reform does.   NDAA includes the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act,  adopted unanimously by the Senate Banking Committee, and would give the  Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, or CFIUS, more  authority to prevent foreign acquisitions of our sensitive  technologies.   This is a good bill. It is a wildly popular bill in the military. It  provides increased resources for those men and women who strapped on  the boats, who put on the uniform and stepped forward voluntarily--not  a single person in the military has been forced to do this; they  stepped forward voluntarily--to do the hard things so that we can live  in peace and prosperity and comfort in the United States.   This is a popular bill in the other body. We are taking their bill  and making some adjustments, but we will get that ironed out in  conference. We will, once again, fulfill our constitutional duty to  provide for the common defense and show that when it comes to national  defense and providing security for the people of this great Nation,  this is, indeed, a bipartisan determination and a bipartisan exercise.   So I urge us to get moving on this, and I certainly believe--I am  convinced--that before the end of the week, we will have an affirmative  vote and move this bill toward the President's desk.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   Seeing no other Members seeking recognition, I suggest the absence of  a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Frank  Tedeschi and Steven Fowler, defense fellows in Senator Rounds's office,  be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the day.   