 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me time  this afternoon.   Supporting H.R. 1222 is important. This is the Congenital Heart  Futures Reauthorization Act. This important piece of legislation passed  this House by a vote of 394-7 10 months ago. Our Senate colleagues  passed an amended version of this bill by unanimous consent last week.  Clearly there is a hearty consensus that this bill will make a positive  impact on public health.   According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,  congenital heart defects are the most common types of birth defects.  Congenital heart disease affects roughly 1 percent of births in the  United States. This legislation strengthens the ability of the  Department of Health and Human Services to collect data related to  congenital heart disease and to increase public awareness.   The Secretary will be required to carry out activities through a  national cohort study and a nationally representative, population-based  surveillance system to further understand the epidemiology of  congenital heart disease.   This bill authorizes a total of $10 million each year for fiscal  years 2020 through 2024 for the purpose of carrying out these  activities.   This bill does not focus on a particular subpopulation of  individuals. It aims to improve data regarding incidence, prevalence,  and outcomes among all age groups, races, ethnicities, and both sexes.   The Secretary will also look at evidence-based practices for the  treatment and care of individuals with congenital heart disease.   Overall, the legislation is intended to improve our Nation's approach  to caring for individuals with congenital heart disease.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank our House champions on this  legislation, Representatives Gus Bilirakis and Adam Schiff. They fought  alongside Chairman  Greg Walden to get this bill across the finish  line. And, of course, I want to thank the staff on the Subcommittee on  Health and the full committee for bringing this to the floor last year.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this  legislation which will improve the lives of Americans suffering from  this terrible disease.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the recognition.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6615, the Traumatic Brain  Injury Program Reauthorization Act.   For those watching last week, the House passed this bill by a voice  vote. Now our Senate counterparts have passed the bill with a small  amendment. It is important to note that should this bill pass the  Chamber today, as I believe it will, the legislation will be sent to  President Trump's desk and signed into law.   I thank our House leaders on this bill, Representative Bill Pascrell  and Representative  Thomas Rooney, for pushing this important  initiative. This legislation reauthorizes the Centers for Disease  Control and Prevention traumatic brain injury initiatives.   The aggregation of these programs that will be reauthorized by this  legislation provide much hope to the individuals and families who are  affected by traumatic brain injury. We still have a lot to learn about  the risks and the short- and long-term effects of traumatic brain  injury. This legislation will help increase our goal of increasing  knowledge, awareness, and treatment of traumatic brain injury.   Once again, I thank my colleagues for supporting this legislation  last week, nearly identical legislation, now sent back to us from the  Senate with a small amendment, and I urge passage.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the recognition,  and I rise to speak in support of S. 2076, the BOLD Infrastructure for  Alzheimer's Act.   This bill was introduced on the Senate side by Senator Susan Collins  and Senator Catherine Cortez Masto, and it promotes public awareness of  Alzheimer's disease and related dementias.   But I also need to thank the champions on the House side of this  legislation, Representatives Brett Guthrie and Paul Tonko, both  valuable members of the Health Subcommittee.   Alzheimer's is a devastating disease that affects families across our  Nation. Every 65 seconds, another person in the United States develops  Alzheimer's. Alzheimer's is the sixth leading cause of death in the  United States, with one in three seniors dying of Alzheimer's or a  related dementia.   Over the past several years, Congress has doubled down on its  commitment to researching Alzheimer's disease and the related dementias  by substantially increasing our appropriations for the initiatives  housed at the National Institutes of Health.   This legislation will require the Secretary of the Department of  Health and Human Services to work with the Centers for Disease Control  and Prevention to award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements to  establish or support regional centers to address Alzheimer's disease  and related dementias. The purpose of these centers of excellence is to  increase awareness among public health officials, healthcare  professionals, and the public as it relates to Alzheimer's disease and  the related dementias.   By empowering our healthcare workforce, and our patients with more  information, there will be increasing awareness of the disease, the  impact it has on individuals' lives, and the possibility of treatments  or interventions.   The effects of this disease are daunting for both the individual and  for their families. This bill is a step toward building an  infrastructure to support the ever-growing population of individuals  with Alzheimer's and their related dementias.   I support S. 2076, and I urge my fellow Members to do the same.    Mr. Speaker, I also want to rise in support of S. 2278,  the State Offices of Rural Health Reauthorization Act of 2018.   This bill, which was introduced by Senators Pat Roberts and Heidi  Heitkamp, reauthorizes grants to State Offices of Rural Health.   I also need to thank our House champion of this effort,  Representative Markwayne Mullin, a valuable member of the Health  Subcommittee.   This legislation already passed the Senate, and today we have the  opportunity to pass it on the floor of the House and send it down to  the President for his signature.   The majority of counties in the United States are rural. While urban  and suburban counties are growing in population, certainly in my own  community back in the 26th District of Texas, we have a significant  percentage of the population living in rural areas.   Citizens of rural America reap many benefits of their communities,  but they  [[Page H10288]]  are also faced with unique challenges, particularly when it comes to  healthcare. S. 2278 will enable States to maintain and improve upon  healthcare in rural areas by reauthorizing grants to State Offices of  Rural Health.   Grantees will be required to maintain a clearinghouse for collecting  and disseminating information on rural healthcare issues, research  related to rural healthcare, as well as innovative approaches to rural  healthcare delivery. The grantees will also be tasked with identifying  both Federal and State programs to address rural health and to provide  technical assistance to public and nonprofit private entities regarding  participation in these programs.   State Offices of Rural Health provide much value to the 57 million  Americans that live in these areas around the country. Many of us  represent towns and counties that are largely dependent upon the  strength of rural Members of Congress. For these reasons, I ask Members  to join me in supporting S. 2278.   