 Madam President, I wish to associate myself with the  comments of my colleague from Georgia, Senator Isakson, who chairs the  Veterans Affairs Committee.   I have the privilege of chairing the Senate Commerce Committee.  Senator Heller has been a very active and important voice on our  committee on countless issues. Our committee has a very broad, wide  jurisdiction. We heard him speak about his passion for veterans, and  everybody knows that and how hard he has worked to make life better for  veterans in the State of Nevada. But I would say, also, on issues like  rural broadband and transportation, many of which, as I said, fall  under the jurisdiction of the Senate Commerce Committee, I can't think  of anybody who has been more passionate, more representative of his  State and his people, more conscientious, more hard-working, and,  frankly, just rock solid when it comes to the way he stands up for and  represents the State of Nevada here in the U.S. Senate.   So I, too, am going to miss him and his voice and his excellent work  and that of his staff on the Senate Commerce Committee. As those who  have spoken before me have said, we know that his contributions not  only to the people of Nevada but also to the people of this country  will continue because he is someone who not only has great talent but  also tremendous character.   As I think about the future that he and Lynne are going to enjoy,  hopefully it will include a little more time together and more time  with those grandkids, which we talk about all the time.   The other thing I appreciate about Dean Heller is that no matter how  tough the going was, he always had a smile on his face. People talk  about his optimism. That is a virtue that, to me, really matters around  here. We deal  [[Page S7538]]  with weighty and serious issues. It is important that we see the  lighter side and that we appreciate the humor in what we do, too; that  we approach it with a sense of purpose but also a sense of optimism.  That is always evident whenever you encounter Dean Heller in any  circumstance. The thing I think I will miss the most about him is that  whenever I see him, I see that smile, and I appreciate that.   I wish him and Lynne and his family the best in the days ahead. I  thank him for his great work here, and I thank his family for the  sacrifice they have made to enable him to be here to represent Nevadans  in the U.S. Senate.   So, Senator Heller, God bless you and your family in the days ahead.   I yield the floor.   