 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, there are now only 13 days remaining  before the continuing resolution expires on February 8. In that short  amount of time, we must seek a budget deal, an agreement on healthcare  legislation, and a bipartisan bill to protect the Dreamers and provide  for border security. All these items are important. All of them are  urgent, and we are working hard to get them all done.   On the issue of immigration, the bipartisan group of moderate  Senators should continue trying to find a consensus. I think that is an  excellent idea. The White House, unfortunately, has proven unreliable  and wildly unpredictable. Within the course of hours, they say  different things. Every time the President moves forward on one thing,  his staff pulls him back and undoes what he said. The action should be  here in the Senate to find a narrow deal on DACA and border security.   Now, as we have found time and again, when we open up the  negotiations to discussions of broad immigration reform, there is no  end to what each party says could be on the table. Republicans want  vast curtailment of legal immigration. Democrats want to discuss a  pathway to citizenship for 11 million. That is a recipe for delay when  we can't afford one. Some on the other side are insisting on expanding  this beyond the DACA and border security issues. That will just delay.  That will just make sure that things don't work.   My Republican colleagues, particularly the leader and his more  moderate Members, should feel the pressure to get this done, or else  this administration will start separating families, taking kids out of  school, servicemembers out of our military, and workers out of our  companies. They will rip them from the American fabric in which they  are embedded. What a tragedy that would be.   So the clock is ticking on Dreamers, and we don't have time for  extraneous issues that some on the right or the left might want to add  that have nothing to do with DACA or border security. The clock is also  ticking for pensioners, for victims of opioid addiction seeking  treatment, and for our veterans seeking quality healthcare. We have  other issues: rural infrastructure, childcare, things that Democrats  want to get done in this deal. We have to get a budget deal and a DACA  deal that can get 60 votes--13 days before Dreamers get a lot closer to  deportation; 13 days to help our economy, our communities, and the  middle class, who have been waiting for over a year for this Congress  to do something for them, instead of just helping business interests.    I announce that the Senator from Connecticut (Mr.  Blumenthal), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. Casey), the Senator  from Illinois (Mr. Durbin), and the Senator from Missouri (Mrs.  McCaskill), are necessarily absent.   