 Mr. President, I rise today, as I have and will continue  to do until we find a resolution to this issue. I rise to advocate for  a solution to address the issue of securing our border and protecting  those young immigrants impacted by an uncertain future in the DACA  Program.   Last month, I offered legislation to extend DACA for 3 years and to  provide 3 years of increased funding for border security--this so- called 3-for-3 plan. Unfortunately, some of my colleagues have  repeatedly chosen to block this measure from coming to the floor, but  the President's decision to send National Guard troops to the border  displays a continued interest to secure the border. To take care of  that aspect, this bill would provide significant resources to do just  that, to help secure the border, at the same time protecting these  young immigrants from possible deportation.   I am the first to admit this solution is far from perfect, but it  provides a temporary fix for these critical problems and will provide  all sides of the debate with just enough of what they want. It is a  compromise. It would begin the process of funding the President's plan  to improve border security and, as I mentioned, ensure DACA recipients  will not lose protections and face possible deportation.   These young immigrants were brought here through no fault of their  own. They have waited long enough for these protections. Likewise,  border communities, like in my home State of Arizona, have waited long  enough for increased security along our southern border.   As I have said before, we in Congress have too regularly confused  action with results and have been entirely too comfortable ignoring  problems that are just actually tough to solve. We may not be able to  deliver a permanent solution to these problems at this time, but we now  have an opportunity to offer at least some action on them. There are  many people whose lives and well-being depend on our ability to deliver  meaningful results.   Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of Calendar No. 300, H.R. 1551. I further ask  that the Flake substitute amendment at the desk be considered and  agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and  passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table.   