 Mr. President, I definitely agree with one thing that my  friend from Connecticut just said, which is that there is a long record  here on the President's nominee. It is a record I want to look at. It  is a record I want to be sure that I talk about to the people I work  for as we go through this process. In this process, we will have some  time. My guess is it will take about the same amount of time that it  has taken for the last two nominees, which means sometime in the month  of September, in all likelihood, we will be on the floor, voting, and  we will see where that vote takes us.   A lot of people have jumped to a lot of conclusions here. It wasn't  my friend Senator Blumenthal at all, but somebody had a news release  yesterday at a news conference I was in. One of our fellow Senators  had, apparently, gotten it out a little too quickly. The news release  read that Supreme Court nominee XXX is the most extreme candidate that  the President could have possibly picked. Another one of our colleagues  said yesterday that he didn't care who the President nominated but that  he wouldn't be voting for him. We are going to hear a lot of that over  the next few weeks.   At least going back to 1975, I think every single Republican nominee  has supposedly been the nominee that would bring an end to so many  things that people have tried to focus on when these nominations have  come up. With Gerald Ford's nominee in 1975, who turned out to be  Justice Stevens, these exact same things were said then. I don't know  that it is what the President said during the campaign that matters as  much as what the nominee will say during the next few days.   I do know of the job the nominee currently has. I want to talk to  him, and I want to look at the record. I want to visit with him about  his philosophy personally before I reach a final conclusion. I do know  the job that Judge Kavanaugh currently has is often cited as the second  most significant court in the country, the DC Court of Appeals. I do  know that his 100 most often cited opinions have been cited by more  than 210 judges around the country. I do know that the Supreme Court  has endorsed his opinions of the law at least a dozen times and has  adopted them as the opinions of the Supreme Court.  [[Page S4899]]    Remember the way this works with the job that Brett Kavanaugh  currently has as a circuit judge with the court of appeals. Unlike all  the others, it is the court that often has the real jurisdiction over a  constitutional case. So there have been lots of cases, and we will be  looking through the 12 years of what he has done as a judge.   I know there are some requests to see every piece of paper that Brett  Kavanaugh had in his hands when he was the Staff Secretary, the  Assistant to the President, when George W. Bush was President. That  would be every piece of paper that had gone to the White House. Yet the  job of the Staff Secretary is not to have an opinion on those pieces of  paper. In fact, he is probably the highest level official appointed by  the President in the White House whose job it is not to have an opinion  but to facilitate the work, to get the paper to whom it needs to go. I  suppose we could get, virtually, every piece of paper from the National  Archives and the George W. Bush Library. That is possible but not  necessary and not justified.   What is justified is to look at all of these opinions. What is  justified is to look at the individual, to look at what he does on the  court, to look at what he does in the community, to look at his  opinions. These are, without any question, important responsibilities  not just for the President but for the Senate.   Once again, Americans are reminded that it matters who is in the  Senate. It matters who composes a majority in the Senate. My guess  would be, in 2\1/2\ months or so from now, that a majority of votes  will be cast for Judge Kavanaugh, that they will be bipartisan in  nature, and that he will go to the Court, probably, before its new term  begins on October 1. In fact, that should be one of our goals here--to  have a Justice in place by that time.   Three of the current Justices on the Court, by the way, were put on  the Court in an election year, in an off year--Justice Kagan in 2010.  It was almost exactly analogous. A Democratic President and a  Democratic Senate put a Democratic nominee on the Court who had, by the  way, worked at the White House. The only difference was there was not  as large a body of work to demonstrate the commitment we would hope to  find to the Constitution and the law.   In my mind and, I think, in the minds of a vast majority of the  people I work for, the goal of a Federal judge and a Supreme Court  Justice is to judge a case based on the law and the Constitution. It is  to look and be sure that those match up and to be sure that the law is  applied as it is written, not as a judge thinks it should have been  written. It is to be sure the Constitution is applied as it is written,  not as a judge thinks it should be amended. There is a way to pass a  new law, and there is a way to amend the Constitution, but that is not  to be done by the Court.    It seems to me that in the Scalia tradition and in the Gorsuch  nomination tradition, we have a judge here who appears to be committed  in every way to looking at the law and enforcing the law. I think it  was Judge Scalia who said and others who have said that good judges are  often not happy with the opinions they have to render because the  opinions they have to render are based on the facts of the cases and  may not be the way they would have liked the cases to have worked out  at all. It is not their job to decide how they would like the cases to  work out. The job of a judge is to judge the application of the law and  the application of the Constitution.   Seven Justices, including our most recent nominee to the Court,  Justice Gorsuch, served as law clerks on the Supreme Court. If he is  confirmed, Judge Kavanaugh will be the eighth. His background, his  training, and his work as a circuit judge appear to qualify him in a  significant way. He was a Supreme Court clerk for Justice Kennedy.   We ought to understand what is happening here. Justice Kennedy has  been on the Court for 30 years. He filled a vacancy that was created in  1987. He served on the Court for 15 years after the person who  nominated him to the Court had died. Talk about a long-term impact of  both the President who nominates and the Senate that confirms. Three  decades of impact on one of the branches of government is pretty  substantial.   In addition to being the clerk for Justice Kennedy, Judge Kavanaugh  was, as I said, not only in the private sector but, for 5 years, served  in the Bush administration. Probably the most important job he held in  that administration was, simply, of seeing that things got done in an  orderly way to produce a result. In 2006, President Bush nominated him  to serve on the DC Court of Appeals. Twelve years later, we are here  today.   Judge Kavanaugh's opinions are cited by judges around the country.  Again, the Supreme Court has endorsed his opinions at least a dozen  times. He has written that the judge's job is to interpret the law, not  to make the law or to make policy. It is to read the words of the  statute as written and to read the text of the Constitution as written,  being mindful of history and tradition--an important point. It is to be  consistent with the law and the Constitution and to read the text of  the Constitution as written while being mindful of history and  tradition. Don't make up new constitutional rights that are not in the  text of the Constitution. Don't shy away from enforcing constitutional  rights that are in the text of the Constitution. That is in one of his  many writings, and we have lots of things to look at here.   Since 2009, he has been the Samuel Williston Lecturer in Law at  Harvard Law School. In addition to being a brilliant legal mind, he is  devoted to his community and, as we saw the other night, to his family  and to his faith. He spends his time coaching youth basketball and  serving as a church volunteer, as well as mentoring in local schools.  His mom was a schoolteacher and went to law school while she was a  schoolteacher and, eventually, became a judge. He takes these  qualifications to the Court.   I think this is an important part of our job--to advise and consent.  Yet we have a lot of people who have rushed to a determination that  they absolutely would not be for Judge Kavanaugh. I think a majority is  likely to come to the determination that we should be for Judge  Kavanaugh.   I look forward to visiting with him over the next few days. I look  forward to learning more about his philosophy as a judge and how he  thinks the Supreme Court would be different and how his job there may  or may not vary from being on that second-most important court in the  country. My guess is he will say that it doesn't vary at all. The job  of a Supreme Court judge, just like the job of a court of appeals  judge, is to apply the Constitution, apply the law, and not try to make  the law or to rewrite the Constitution. I look forward to that  opportunity. I look forward to looking at many of the judge's opinions.   I noticed two Pinocchios in the Washington Post today about one of  the cases that has already been brought up--the determination of this  argument about the right way to deal with a President while he is in  office--certainly not a nuisance lawsuit. If the topic of a lawsuit is  wrong, if it is the wrong thing for the President to do, there is  clearly a way to remove the President.   That is the point, I think, in what will be a much discussed law  journal article that Judge Kavanaugh was making. He didn't suggest that  the law now prohibited a President from being indicted. He just said  that there is a constitutional way to return a President to the status  of a private citizen, and then the President will have all of the same  vulnerabilities that a private citizen would have if 200 Members of  Congress filed a lawsuit. There is a place in the Constitution that  says what 200 Members of the Congress should do if they think the  President should be removed. That place in the Constitution does not  say you should harass the President all you can about everything you  can whenever you can.   It is going to be an interesting debate for the American people. Once  again, they are going to be reminded as to how important the courts  are, as to the incredible impact of the appointing power and the  nominating power to the Federal courts, and of the partnership  responsibility and important impact that the U.S. Senate has.   I yield the floor.   