 Mr. Speaker, I will applaud former Speaker Pelosi for  her consistency. She seems to have uniformly supported the executive  branch ignoring subpoenas and perhaps destroying evidence in failing to  comply with the rule of the House, with a subpoena being issued by the  House, with the important precedent of the Constitution.   So this really isn't about the Russia investigation or about the  specifics of this case. So, frankly, I find it appalling that Attorney  General Sessions would ignore these activities in the Department of  Justice. The reality is this is a question of, Shall the executive  branch comply with a subpoena from the legislative branch?   We don't know what the contents are because they are redacted and  they are being withheld. This has gone on for a long time. And if we  are to keep our Republic, the principle has to be resolved to where the  legislative branch, being coequal, very much shall have access to this  information--and not just a privileged few, not just a few who keep it  withheld from the rest of the body, but the whole body.   Since last year, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence has  investigated potential abuses of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Act by the Department of Justice and our intelligence community.  Previously, our colleague, Mr. Schiff, was a strong supporter for FISA  reform and proposed numerous bills. So that is where our colleagues on  the other side of the aisle are not consistent.   FISA has been abused. We have seen one of the most blatant examples  of that with the activities and things that have already been made  public, which has led to this line of inquiry. Americans should be  concerned that the Federal Government may abuse its capacity to gather  foreign intelligence by spying on our fellow Americans. Without serious  reforms to FISA, the Fourth Amendment will exist as nothing more than a  distant memory or a notation with an asterisk ``except in these  cases.''   This resolution insists that the Department of Justice fully comply  with requests, including subpoenas, of the House Permanent Select  Committee on Intelligence and Judiciary Committees relating to  potential violations of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.   Unless we support and defend our Constitution, we will not keep our  Republic, we will further embolden and empower the executive branch,  and we will weaken our country. This bill will help reform FISA and  help defend our Constitution.   