 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Wyden  and I be permitted to speak for up to 5 minutes each prior to the vote.    Mr. President, this Saturday, students from Marjory  Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, FL, are going to lead  hundreds of thousands of Americans all around the country in calling  for commonsense gun control measures at the March For Our Lives.   Since this terrible shooting in Parkland, FL, on Valentine's Day, we  have seen students all across the country say: Enough. This is a  movement that cannot be stopped, and, frankly, we owe it to the  students--the next generation--to get this right in the policies and  the laws we adopt.   Just a few weeks ago, I went to one of the student's homes in  Parkland--a group of them. We talked. Indeed, just last week, a number  of the students came to my office here in Washington. It is amazing  that at 15, 16, and 17 years old, these students are looking to us in  this Congress to, at a minimum, consider legislation that could have  prevented the slaughter that happened in Parkland just a month ago.   In Florida, we have witnessed these students march on the State  capitol and demand action. The legislature listened, in part. They made  some changes in the law, like changing the age to 21 to buy an assault  rifle. That is the same age in Florida law that says you can't buy a  handgun until age 21. It was a small step, but it was a step in the  right direction to address the problem we are confronting, but we need  to do more.   I am so grateful for the resilience of these students, the power of  their voices, and the strength of their activism, moving the lawmakers  in Washington and in State capitals all across this country to act.   The students, the parents, the teachers, all of them we have asked:  What do you want? And they say, obviously, we want commonsense things.  We can start with universal background checks in the purchase of a  weapon. That would then allow, universally, if you have a background  check, you couldn't go to a gun show where there is not a federally  licensed dealer and acquire a weapon without having a background check.  Why is having a background check a commonsense thing to do? Because you  not only pick up someone with a criminal record, you would pick up  someone who had a restraining order for whatever reason--it could be  mental, it could be domestic abuse. You would pick up somebody being on  the terrorist watch list or you could pick up someone who had been on  the terrorist watch list. That was the case with the killer in the  Orlando Pulse Night Club shooting.   Clearly, that is a commonsense thing to approach this problem.   There is another commonsense thing; that is, these military assault  rifles with the long--what I call the banana clips. These are clips  that are shaped like a banana or even straight ones that hold 30  rounds. You know, there are State laws in the country that if you are  going to hunt wild game, there are certain restrictions on the number  of shells or bullets you can put in your gun. My goodness, why wouldn't  we want to say there is a limitation on the number of bullets in a clip  instead of these long clips that have 30 rounds?   It was used even in the shooting out in Arizona that our colleague  Congresswoman Gabby Giffords was one of the victims of, and it was when  the gunman was reloading with another clip that he was tackled to the  ground; otherwise, there would have been more people who would have  been harmed that day.   So it is another commonsense thing that people are asking for and  that these students are bringing to light as they argue this case; that  they don't want to be in a school where they have this kind of violence  that is threatened. The students, the teachers, the parents just want  our schools and our communities to be safe. As we have seen across the  country, we have had too much violence with these military-style  weapons. Nightclubs, churches, movie theaters, outdoor concerts--it  goes on and on. Students want to feel safe, and what some students have  witnessed is unimaginable.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 1 additional minute.    The velocity of a bullet fired from an assault weapon  compared to the velocity of a handgun is three times the velocity or  speed of the handgun bullet. As a result, when that bullet hits its  target, the energy is nine times that hitting the target than what a  handgun bullet does.   They built a movement now that inspires student walks across the  country. In just 5 days, they are inspiring marches across the country,  and the future is bright because of these students. But it is up to us  to make sure that what happened in Parkland never happens again.   I yield the floor.   