 Mr. Speaker, I have been thinking about all the  criminal investigations pointing directly at the President and his  associates and the fact that, for many Americans, this has become a he- said/he-said debate.   On the one hand, you have the President saying that this is all a  witch hunt: Yes, I fired Comey and ordered to derail the investigation;  yes, I knew about and helped conceal the Russia meeting; and, yes, I  knew about the payments to keep people quiet.   Then there is Robert Mueller, the former FBI Director, who really  hasn't said a word this whole time, but his efficient, productive, and  successful investigations keep rolling right along. I guess he lets his  indictments do his talking.   So in this battle of he-said/he-said, who would the oddsmakers pick?  If you were a betting man or woman, a Vegas oddsmaker, or just an  armchair quarterback, who would you go with?   On the one hand, we have a conservative Republican who was the second  longest serving FBI Director. Only Hoover served longer. On the other  hand, we have the host of a reality TV show with no political or  government or military or law enforcement experience whatsoever.   Hmm, let's continue.   On the one hand, we have a Vietnam veteran with a Purple Heart and a  Bronze Star. Director Mueller joined the Marines as a volunteer at the  height of the Vietnam war after his high school teammate was killed in  action. Mueller enlisted to honor his friend and out of a sense of  duty, honor, and obligation to put oneself behind one's country as a  matter of honor.   On the other hand, we have the President, who avoided military  service by claiming he had bone spurs in his foot, despite ample  evidence that was a lie, a complete fiction made up to serve what? His  own personal interests above those of the Nation at time of war.   According to what I have read, Director Mueller was a good student at  Princeton, and after earning his bachelor's and master's and after  serving in Vietnam with distinction, he studied law at the University  of Virginia, where he served on the Law Review, a prestigious  accomplishment at any law school, let alone one of the best.   The President went to business school and inherited millions of  dollars and started a real estate business because his dad gave him the  money.   Director Mueller is a courtroom expert and veteran law enforcement  leader. Think about this: He was a private litigator, a prosecutor in  the U.S. Attorney's Office, and started serving at the Justice  Department under Attorney General Dick Thornburgh, who was Ronald  Reagan's and George H.W. Bush's Attorney General.   To be sure, the President has a great deal of courtroom experience,  too, but that is mostly related to depositions, civil lawsuits, and  criminal cases when he sues people or threatens to sue them.   On a more personal note, Director Mueller's service as FBI Director,  as you may remember, was delayed at one point because he was fighting  prostate cancer, which he beat.   He is a man of integrity who married his high school sweetheart in  1966, and to the best of everyone's knowledge, it is the only marriage  of either one of them.   The President, well, I am running out of time, so I won't be able to  discuss his long list of marriages and affairs, which have all become  quite public.   Finally, while the President characterizes the Mueller investigation  as the most expensive witch hunt in history, I bet the oddsmakers would  give a lot of weight to the following facts: The President's campaign  chairman has been convicted; his National Security Advisor resigned and  pleaded guilty; his personal attorney and long-time fixer in New York  pleaded guilty on multiple counts; and people from inside The Trump  Organization and inside the campaign and the White House are  cooperating with prosecutors as we speak. And this was all despite the  President's efforts and with the full cooperation of Republicans in  Congress to prevent the truth from coming out.   There are a lot of people in this body who are staking their careers  on the  [[Page H7874]]  President and his influence over their voters in their States or their  congressional districts. Okay. You are betting on a guy who is up  tweeting at 3 a.m. in the morning.   Look, I am going to bet--when I look at the main protagonist in this  legal drama, I will put my money on the law enforcement veteran who, at  3 a.m. in the morning, is working on who he is going to indict next.   