 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman for all  of his work to help with this bill.   I speak today on behalf of myself and my colleague Mr. Engel in  support of our evidence-based treatment for opioid addiction bill, H.R.  5272.   The opioid epidemic is hurting communities all across this country.  In 2016, 174 Americans overdosed per day. Ohio had the second highest  death rate in the Nation. Overdoses killed 4,329 people in Ohio,  according to the National Center for Health Statistics.   For the past 5 years, I have held a roundtable on drugs and opioids  in my district with stakeholders, including law enforcement, treatment  professionals, government officials, and community leaders from all  around. A common concern I have heard in these roundtables and that I  hear consistently in my district is that treatment programs exist, but  many are not delivering on their promise.   Healthcare professionals and those on the front lines have  continuously told me about the lack of evidence-based treatment for  those suffering from addiction and substance use disorders, and that  can lead to unsuccessful results.   According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, between 40 and 60  percent of individuals who suffer from drug addiction are known to  relapse. It is often estimated that the rehabilitation programs are  only about 30 percent effective, although nobody knows the true number.  That is why Representative Eliot Engel and I have introduced bipartisan  legislation to require grants from the Department of Health and Human  Services to treat mental health and substance abuse be awarded to  entities that are able to demonstrate that they use evidence-based  practices.   Throughout the process of pushing for this, I had conversations with  SAMHSA, the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration,  about what they have been doing under the 21st Century Cures Act to  promote and enhance evidence-based practices.   The 21st Century Cures Act created a National Mental Health and  Substance Use Policy Laboratory under SAMHSA and tasked it with  promoting evidence-based practices through leadership and coordination,  data collection, and reviews of current programs and activities. The  policy lab has set out to begin this monumental task, and our  legislation will make it even better.   Working with the majority and the minority committees' staffs on the  Energy and Commerce Committee and working with SAMHSA, Representative  Engel and I brought forward a bipartisan amendment to our original bill  which, instead of placing a requirement on funds, requires SAMHSA to  issue guidance to grantees that will help promote funding of evidence- based practices through the policy lab. I think this language will be  positive.   It further requires SAMHSA to issue guidance on how to best replicate  promising and effective treatments and programs so that future programs  and grant applications can take advantage of the lessons learned and  best practices.    More importantly, SAMHSA must issue guidance to grantees on how to  articulate their rationale for why they should receive Federal funds. I  think putting this responsibility on the shoulders of grantees will  ensure that more local treatment programs are looking at medical  journals and SAMHSA's own policy laboratory for evidence-based  practices that will make our treatment more effective.   As I have talked to people affected by the opioid epidemic at our  roundtables and people who have come into my office, too many of them  have been let down by treatment programs that didn't work. People want  their lives back. They want their jobs back. They want their families  back. They want their future back. This bill that Representative Engel  and I have put together will help them in that journey.   If we can take treatment programs and take them from 30 percent  effective to even 50 percent effective, millions of Americans will get  their lives back, get their families back, and get their jobs back.   This bill, I think, is a moral imperative, and I want to thank  Congressman Engel. I want to thank the majority and minority staffs  from the Energy and Commerce Committee for their work. I want to  especially thank the chairman for his work. I also want to thank  SAMHSA. They were a pleasure to work with through this effort.   Mr. Speaker, I believe this bill will make a big difference in the  lives of Americans and help make sure that those impacted by the opioid  epidemic and other drug addiction will get treatment that gives them  their lives back.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   