 Mr. President, I rise today in support of overturning the  Treasury Department's rule that will allow even more dark money into  our political process. This action by the Trump administration allows  groups to hide the identities of their donors. It allows big  corporations and wealthy individuals to inappropriately influence  elections by contributing to outside groups in secret. This amounts to  unlimited corporate political spending, effectively silencing the  voices of everyday voters.   Under this President, the Internal Revenue Service is looking out for  wealthy donors rather than hard-working, middle-class voters.   I strongly support today's action to overturn this rule. We need to  reform our campaign finance system, improve disclosures and  transparency, and restore the voice of the people in the democratic  process.   Michigan voters deserve to know who is behind the money being spent  in our elections. We must take steps to improve transparency and  restore trust in our electoral system. Above all, we must ensure that  every American has an equal say in our elections, regardless of their  means. The right of every citizen to make their voice heard at the  ballot box is the very foundation of our democracy. I will continue to  fight to ensure that the voices of Michigan families aren't being  drowned out by big corporations or wealthy individuals with limitless  resources who are trying to buy elections and the outcomes.   We should be working to bring transparency to our political system,  not shielding special interest groups, big donors, and this  administration's political allies. I will support today's IRS dark  money rule CRA, and I urge my colleagues to join me in giving the power  back to the American people.   I yield the floor to the distinguished Senator from Maryland.    Mr. President, I rise to condemn the Saudi military  campaign in Yemen, which is causing the worst humanitarian crisis since  World War II.   Tens of thousands of young children have already died of starvation,  and millions more in Yemen remain threatened by famine and disease.  Yemen is experiencing the worst cholera outbreak in history with there  being over 1 million cases. In recent months, the crisis has  accelerated and grown at a rate of 10,000 cases each and every week.   The air campaign in Yemen, led by Saudi Arabia, is now in its third  year, and every day, it makes the humanitarian crisis in Yemen worse.  Bombs dropped by Saudi Arabia are killing women and children,  destroying roads and bridges, disabling electricity and water services,  and leveling schools, hospitals, and mosques.   Meanwhile, the Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Crown  Prince Muhammad bin Salman stand credibly accused of ordering the  murder of a U.S. resident journalist known for his critique of the  regime.   Currently, we are debating a resolution that directs the President to  remove the U.S. military from hostilities in Yemen and end our Nation's  unauthorized participation in this conflict.   I am proud to be a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 54. I voted to bring it to  the floor because the United States should not be providing aerial  refueling to Saudi jets bombing Yemen indiscriminately.   The U.S. Senate should pass this resolution and send a clear message  that our military will not prolong and will not worsen a humanitarian  tragedy led by an increasingly brutal regime.   This is also why I voted against arms sales of additional air-to- ground munitions to Saudi Arabia. More arms sales and more military  support for Saudi Arabia are not how we are going to end this crisis.  We need meaningful, diplomatic, and political solutions to alleviate  human suffering in Yemen.   This is an issue that is deeply personal to me and many Michiganders.  I am proud to represent a vibrant and dynamic Yemeni community in  Michigan, and I share their heartbreak over the tragic situation  impacting innocent Yemenis.   Our Nation must show real leadership and take action to ensure that  food, water, medicine, and all necessary humanitarian supplies are made  available to those who so desperately need them.   I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting S.J. Res. 54.   I yield the floor.   