 Mr. President, first of all, I wish to thank my colleague  from Texas. I particularly liked your speech about DACA and the  Dreamers. I have given a speech very similar to that a few times on the  floor. Thank you. I do believe you. I believe you really care, and I am  hoping we will both have a chance to demonstrate that very soon. So  thank you for those kind words.   We think back about our memories as kids growing up. Today is Sunday,  and I remember so many Sundays when I was a little boy. Sunday was our  family day. Dad liked to get up early, and Mom liked to sleep in. So  Dad would get up for 7:30 mass in East St. Louis, IL, and I would jump  out of bed, too, because I knew that after mass, Dad and I would go out  to some greasy spoon restaurant and get eggs and bacon. It was  something I looked forward to. Then we would stop at a bakery and pick  up a doughnut for Mom. We would get home in time to see her wake up,  give her her doughnut and coffee, and then she would be off to 11  o'clock mass at St. Elizabeth's. Then we would anxiously await her  return because the big event was in the afternoon.   The big event was Ann Durbin's fried chicken Sunday dinner. Without  exception, that was the delicacy and banquet of my childhood, that  Sunday afternoon fried chicken. She had her own special recipe, and she  didn't like to share it. I know it included Lawry's seasoned salt and  some garlic powder. But the secret to her recipe was bacon grease. She  fried that chicken in bacon grease. I apologize to all the  nutritionists in the world, but it was delicious, and I am still  standing. I looked forward to it because we all gathered as a family.  We set the table, and we would eat the fried chicken. We stuck around  in the afternoon, and we were together.   That is what we need this Sunday in the U.S. Senate. We need to get  our family together--Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. That is  what is missing at this point, because when I listened to the speech by  Senator Cornyn--and I do respect him--there are so many things we agree  on. There are so many things we understand to be priorities.   I want to set the record straight. There were some words said about  Senator Schumer's opening remarks. The reason Senator Schumer continues  to refer to the ``Trump shutdown'' is because last Friday, Senator  Schumer was invited by the President to come for lunch. This was before  the critical vote on the continuing resolution and the funding of our  government. This really was the first opportunity for Senator Schumer  and the President,  [[Page S400]]  face-to-face, to try to reach an agreement.   The good news reported back to me by Senator Schumer afterward was  that there was an understanding of what we were going to do on a myriad  of issues, including the controversial issue of immigration and  Dreamers and DACA, and what we would do about the wall. We knew what  the President--some of us don't think the wall is such a great idea at  all, but we know what the President thinks, and when you get down to a  compromise to save the government and to move the Nation forward, you  have to give, and Senator Schumer put the wall literally on that  luncheon table. He was prepared to go further than any Democrat in  leadership has ever gone. He told the President, and then he came back  to report to us: I think we have an agreement. I think we are there.   Within 2 hours after that lunch, he got a call from the President,  who said: It is over. No agreement. We are not going forward.   He was surprised and disappointed, and I was, too, because I thought  we were going to avoid the mess we find ourselves in today. But it  wasn't a big surprise because I had a similar experience with the  President just the week before.   It was January 9 when I was invited, with 24 other Members of the  House and Senate, Democrats and Republicans, to an amazing meeting. It  was in the Cabinet Room of the White House, called by the President. We  came together, and the President did something I have never seen  before. He told the television cameras to stick around, and they sure  did, for 55 minutes, as we debated the whole question of the Dream Act  and DACA.   I think the reason for this debate is very obvious. We are facing a  deadline created by President Trump when it comes to protecting at  least 800,000 young people in the United States. These are young people  who took advantage of President Obama's Executive order called DACA.  They submitted themselves to a criminal background check, they filed  the fee of about $500, they waited patiently, and about 800,000 ended  up winning protection under DACA.   President Trump announced on September 5 of last year: I am ending  this program. I am ending this protection officially on March 5.   In the meantime, we have seen thousands of these young people losing  their protected status. They are literally beside themselves.   On September 5, the President made the announcement that March 5 was  the termination date, and for 4\1/2\ months, Congress has done nothing,  despite the President's plea to us--challenge to us--write a law. Show  me that you can come together and write a law to solve this problem. We  have done nothing. There has been not a single hearing in the committee  that we serve on, the Senate Judiciary Committee, which is the  committee of jurisdiction. I shouldn't say no hearings--I believe there  was one hearing, but no bill, no markup, no vote, nothing on the  calendar from our committee.   So a number of us came together--three Democratic Senators and three  Republican Senators--and said: We have to do something about this. This  has a deadline, and at the end of this deadline, lives will be in  danger, the lives of these young people. So we wrote a bill. It wasn't  easy. The President had challenged us to come up with a bill at his  meeting on January 9. He literally said: If you pass a bill, I will  sign it.   I will take the political heat, not the Republicans, not the  Democrats. I will take the heat.   We came back here after that meeting, the six of us gathered again,  and said: We have to do it, and we have to do it now--and we did. We  reached an agreement on a bill. Senator Lindsey Graham, myself, Senator  Jeff Flake of Arizona, Senator Cory Gardner of Colorado, Senator Bob  Menendez of New Jersey, and Senator Bennet of Colorado, we all came  together, and we agreed on it. It wasn't easy. There are parts of it I  hate. I gave on some areas that hurt me personally, and so did they,  but that is why we are sent here--to compromise and come up with  solutions.   So we anxiously called the President. Two days after our meeting on  January 11, I called him because he had invited me to, and darned if he  didn't call me back in 10 minutes. I couldn't believe it. I said: Mr.  President, we have a bipartisan agreement that hits all of the four  elements you wanted us to hit, and Senator Graham is going to come down  to the White House to explain it to you. He said: Good. I don't want to  slow-walk this. He said: Let's get this done. Great.   Then I got a call: The President would like you to accompany Senator  Graham. I am not going to go into details of what happened next when we  got there. They have been widely reported. I am just not going to  return to that whole experience, but it is fair to say the President  rejected our bipartisan approach in its entirety. At this point, I was  disappointed and a little bit--I was stunned because he had asked us to  do just what we had done.   Here we have two examples, both with Senator Schumer and the  President and the White House and my experience with the President and  the White House on this contentious issue of DACA, where the President  literally said: There is no agreement. We are walking away.   So when Senator Schumer comes to the floor and says the President  bears at least some responsibility, if not the major responsibility,  had we reached agreement those 2 days, had we stuck with it, had we  come back and met, had we reached the final consensus, a bipartisan  agreement, we wouldn't be in the mess we are in today. That is why  Senator Schumer makes that reference.   I would like to go back to a couple other issues before I conclude;  that is, let's make it clear. When it comes to respect and love for our  military, it is not a partisan matter. Both parties do. Each of us has  seen good Democratic soldiers and good Republican soldiers give their  lives for this country. They weren't fighting for a political party;  they were fighting for our flag. I believe both parties love this  country and both parties respect our military, and we don't want to  hurt them in any way.   Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri the other night offered a  unanimous consent request to make sure there was no interruption in pay  for the members of our military during this debate and this government  shutdown. Unfortunately, Senator McConnell objected. I understand the  political strategy, but let's use that as a clear illustration that  both sides--both sides--should stand behind our military, regardless.   At the heart of this debate is a 4-week continuing resolution. If we  were asking for a grade on our budget efforts this year, it certainly  would not be a passing grade. We are one-third of the way into this  fiscal year--over 100 days into this fiscal year--and we have yet to  produce a budget. It is not easy. It wasn't easy when we Democrats were  in control, and we failed, too, but the Republicans in control of the  House and the Senate failed to produce a budget.   I am on the Appropriations Committee. We have spent more hours-- particularly our staff has spent more hours--putting together a good  bill for the defense of this country, getting ready to bring it to the  floor, getting ready to vote for it, and sitting there and waiting now  for 6 months or more. There is no excuse for these continuing  resolutions.   The Department of Defense came out the other night and said: Stop  doing this to us. You are hurting our national defense by not having a  budget and just doing temporary spending measures after temporary  measures.   The Secretary of Navy said he believes that continuing resolutions  from Congress have cost the U.S. Navy $4 billion. Four billion taxpayer  dollars have been wasted because we can't even agree on the defense of  our country, for goodness' sake. So I wouldn't take any great pride in  a 4-week continuing resolution. I noticed my colleague from Texas  Senator Cornyn referred to them as lousy and miserable. Put me down for  the same remarks. I couldn't agree more.   Why are we facing this moment of truth in the Senate today? Because  there is a lot at stake. We need to roll up our sleeves and do what we  were elected to do. We need to pass a budget for this country. We need  to take care of this looming DACA deadline that President Trump  created--the March 5  [[Page S401]]  deadline was his creation--6 weeks away. This notion that, well, we  will not do it this week; maybe we will get around to it next week--if  you have watched this empty Chamber as much as I have, you realize it  takes a lot to get us to roll up our sleeves and get down to business,  and that is what we need to do.   One of the Senators said this is about the Democrats saving face. It  isn't. It is about much more. It is about saving the CHIP program, the  health insurance program which was allowed to lapse for 4 months that  provides health insurance for 9 million kids. It is also about saving  the community healthcare clinics, which provide the lion's share of the  benefits to the kids covered by CHIP programs. That is not included in  the CR. It has to be. We have to reauthorize it. I can't believe we are  even debating it. It literally is the source of healthcare for millions  of Americans. It is about dealing with the pension issue we have in the  Midwest and beyond, one that we believe needs to be addressed  forthrightly. It is about DACA, which I have talked about earlier. It  is about healthcare insurance.   We are slow to come to realize that, unless we do something  significantly, more Americans will lose health insurance and the  premiums will go up. I want to give kudos to Senator Lamar Alexander, a  Republican from Tennessee; Senator Patty Murray, a Democrat from the  State of Washington; Senator Collins, a Republican from Maine; and  Senator Nelson, a Democrat from Florida. They have come up with a plan  they want to include in this measure which can help to keep health  insurance premiums affordable. On either side of the aisle, who doesn't  want that?   Disaster relief. I can't wait to vote for disaster relief for Texas,  Florida, California, Puerto Rico, and for the Virgin Islands. My State  has received that kind of relief in the past, and I want to stand up  and help other States. That is something that should be included in the  CR, and it is not.   Finally, let's get this right for the Department of Defense. Let's  give General Mattis, the Secretary of Defense, the resources he needs  to spend money wisely in defense of this country, to make sure we never  come in second in war. It is a long litany of things that are being  postponed and postponed and postponed again. For goodness' sake, let's  not postpone any further.   I will just close. I think it is time for an eastern coast chicken  family dinner in the U.S. Senate. It is time for this family to come  together after perhaps some fried chicken--which I will be happy to  provide--and sit down and work this out. We can do it. We can do it  together, and I hope we will soon.   This moment of truth is a moment of challenge--not just to the  Democrats but to the Republicans, to the President, to all of us--to do  what we were elected to do.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   