 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my support for H.R. 4771, the  Small Bank Holding Company Relief Act.   I also want to thank my colleague from Utah, Representative Love, for  her hard work on this important issue.   We have extensively discussed the challenges that small banks face in  the current regulatory environment, both on the House floor and in the  Financial Services Committee, including, just yesterday, a debate on  the Mortgage Choice Act.   These challenges contribute to the continued retreat of community  banks from small towns and underserved communities across our country,  including those that dot my district in the hills and valleys of  western Pennsylvania.   This hurts families and Main Street businesses by depriving them of  the access to financial services that they desperately need.   The Small Bank Holding Company Relief Act will allow more  institutions to operate under the Small Bank Holding Company Policy  Statement, which will help them raise additional capital by issuing  debt.   It will also make it easier for covered institutions to form new  holding companies, fund existing holding companies, and make  acquisitions.   Altogether, this is a smart, targeted bill that will help more small  financial institutions grow and adjust to the changing economic and  regulatory landscape.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I would just like to remind my colleagues on the  opposite side of the aisle that the community banks with $1 billion to  $5 billion in assets already have sufficient access to capital markets  and, as a group, are exhibiting help and resilience.    Raising a threshold to exempt banks with over $1 billion from  important minimum leverage and capital requirements will do little more  than encourage banks to take on debt--as I have reminded you time and  time again today--endangering their soundness and potentially depriving  their customers of much-needed banking services should the bank fail.   Setting the consolidated assets threshold at $1 billion was a  bipartisan decision that struck a balance between allowing small banks  to access capital to better serve their customers and ensuring their  safety and soundness. Raising the threshold would be an unnecessary and  risky change.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   