 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Walden for  those words.   This is a fight that is critical to the country, and I want to thank  the chairman of the committee, Mr. Walden, and Mr. Pallone and the  other members of the Energy and Commerce Committee for reporting out  for consideration today this multipronged assault on this cruel  epidemic that is ravaging the country. The committee has responded, and  I thank Chairman Walden for all of these bills that are here with us  today, especially the bill that we are debating now, and that is the  Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment Act.   We have invested billions of dollars in treatment and recovery  services. As the gentlewoman from Massachusetts has just said, only 10  percent of Americans with a disorder actually receive treatment; 90  percent go without treatment.   That situation is even more dire in small communities. Far too often,  when our rural constituents recognize their addiction, they are not  able to find treatment or recovery services anywhere close to home or  at all.   Those who do enter the treatment profession often don't stay long due  to the stress of the job. They don't work in areas most in need of  their services, or they have difficulty repaying these sizeable student  loans. If we want to maximize our downpayment for the future, these  professionals are the key.   H.R. 5102 creates a substantial student loan repayment benefit for a  [[Page H5047]]  broad spectrum of medical professionals who enter this noble vocation.  It also ensures that these individuals serve in areas most in need of  their services for the long haul, offering periodic payments over 6  years.   With these incentives in place, more of our constituents suffering  from addiction will receive the quality treatment they so desperately  need.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. Clark for her genuine concern about the  problem and her partnership, and also Dr. Burgess and his team for  their guidance on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I again thank Chairman Walden for bringing this bill  forward and all of the others that have been reported out today, and I  thank Mr. Pallone and the rest of the committee for the great work that  they are doing in a bipartisan fashion.   