 Mr. Speaker, the military burns their trash, including  computers, plastic, and medical waste, in open-air burn pits, creating  smoke with toxic chemicals like metals and carcinogens that pose  serious health risks to our troops.   Our servicemembers and veterans are developing severely debilitating  pulmonary diseases, like pulmonary fibrosis and constrictive  bronchiolitis, leaving them oxygen-dependent. And other young veterans  are dying from rare cancers in the brain, pancreas, blood cells, and  other locations.   I am an emergency medicine physician and a public health expert. In  public health and in medicine, it is practice that if there is a high  enough suspicion of a harm that causes a severe enough illness, then we  need to act on that suspicion, remove the harm, and treat the person.   We can't wait 10 or 20 years for the perfect research study. We must  act now. We must do that by simultaneously and immediately addressing  these 4 points: First, stop our troops' exposure to dangerous burn pits  out in the battlefield.   Second, educate doctors, veterans, and servicemembers to help doctors  understand the risks of being exposed to burn pits, and to help  veterans and servicemembers understand the early signs of potential  serious illness so they can get treatment early.   Third, take care of burn pit exposed veterans and servicemembers at  the VA and DOD, and ensure illnesses caused by burn pit exposure are  recognized in their claims for disability benefits.   Fourth, do more research that is needed to identify all the different  health impacts exposure to burn pits can cause.   The conference report for Fiscal Year 2019 National Defense  Authorization Act includes two of my amendments  [[Page H7698]]  that will help address the first 2 points: Stopping the use of burn  pits. And educating veterans and their caregivers about the health  risks that could be connected to exposure to burn pits.   My first amendment directs the Department of Defense to conduct a  feasibility study on ending the use of dangerous burn pits by using  incinerators and other technology.   My second amendment requires the Department of Defense to conduct an  annual education and outreach campaign to veterans exposed to burn pits  and who are qualified to enroll in the burn pit registry.   The burn pit registry will improve our understanding of the different  health effects of exposure to burn pits and help our ability to  communicate with veterans and increase their awareness of subtle  changes in their health so that they could understand the early signs  of potential serious illness.   The Government must acknowledge the dangers of burn pits and the  suffering of burn pit exposed veterans with severe illnesses. The  Government has a responsibility to immediately provide them with the  care and benefits they have earned while defending our freedoms.    I want to thank the conferees and the ranking member and chairman of  the Armed Services Committee for their support of my amendment and for  including these amendments in the final conference report.   Congress must continue to work together to provide solutions for our  veterans and servicemembers exposed to these dangerous chemicals,  toxins, carcinogens, and the smoke of burn pits.   