 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6756, the  American Innovation Act of 2018, and thank Chairman Buchanan and others  for his leadership for America's startup businesses and innovation.   The truth is, startup businesses are huge contributors to innovation  and productivity as well as job creation here in America. But the  business environment since the great financial crisis has been tough  for those looking to take a risk and start a business.   In fact, new business formation here in America took a dramatic  downturn during the recession, with startups only accounting for 8  percent of all businesses in 2015. That is cut in half from 1977. The  United States also dropped out of Bloomberg's list of the top 10 most  innovative countries in the world. We know that the nation that wins  the innovation race wins the future. This is a problem and, more  importantly, it is a call to action.   The American Innovation Act, led by Chairman Buchanan, will help our  entrepreneurs move a business from their kitchen table to their first  office by allowing them to write off more startup costs in their early  years--years where every dollar matters.   This bill will also allow startups to expand and go to the next level  here in America by bringing in new investors without triggering tax  limits on their access to tax benefits like the R&D tax credit for  activities conducted in their early years.   With a renewed focus on innovation and entrepreneurship, the American  Innovation Act will help America's risk-takers create jobs, invest in  their communities, and continue strengthening America's economy.   Mr. Speaker, this is a very simple bill. It can be read in just a  couple of minutes. It focuses on America's entrepreneurs and startup  costs.   A ``yes'' vote is in support of startup businesses here in America.   A ``yes'' vote is for innovation expansion here in the United States,  not somewhere else.   A ``yes'' vote is for economic growth.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Promoting  Family Savings Act of 2018, and thank Congressman Kelly for leading  this important bill that helps families save earlier and save more  throughout their life, something each party should be in support of.   Far too many have struggled to save for key life events such as for  retirement, for education, or for unexpected emergencies. In fact, I  know, back home, almost 40 percent of Americans say they wouldn't even  be able to carry and cover a $400 emergency expense.   The Promoting Family Savings Act will help more middle-class  Americans and younger workers save for key life events by expanding  access to new and existing savings vehicles.   For example, the bill includes expanded education savings accounts,  529 accounts, as we use in our family, to give families the flexibility  to use their education savings to pay for apprenticeship fees for those  trade schools; to cover the costs of homeschooling; and to help pay  off, for the first time, student debt with their own savings.   It also includes new universal savings accounts, called USAs, which  offer fully flexible savings tools that families can use any time for  what is right for them. We think this is very important to millennials  in entering the savings culture.   This bill will also help families by allowing them to access their  own retirement accounts on a penalty-free basis to use when welcoming a  new child in the family, whether by birth or adoption, allowing them to  replenish those retirement accounts in the future.   It seems to me that we have heard two complaints today. One is that  this small provision adds to the debt. But I ask you: Where were the  Democrats when they and President Obama doubled America's national  debt?   They added $2 trillion to the debt in 1 year, but that was adding  debt when they were spending your money.   But now under tax reform, when we allow families and small businesses  to keep more of what they earn, all of a sudden, they are concerned  about the national debt.   They are really not worried about tax cuts for the wealthy. They are  worried about tax cuts for middle-class Americans, because if your  earnings and your dreams come first, Democrats' dreams and Washington's  dreams come second.   So this is a small investment to help families, small businesses, and  younger workers save. But it does more than that.   The gentlewoman from California is confused. This bill is extremely  family friendly, and one of the ways we do it is the education savings  accounts, which we use for our two boys, is expanded.   This amendment simply makes clear that families can set up a 529  account and designate an unborn child as a beneficiary. So the moment  you know ``we are pregnant,'' you can begin saving.    Mr. Speaker, you would think it would be a  bipartisan thing to start saving early. We think starting to save early  is a good thing. This amendment simplifies it for families.   Right now, when you learn those magic words, ``We are pregnant,'' and  you want to begin saving, we actually force families to set up an  account for someone else and then later they transfer it to the child  after birth. All this does is eliminate that extra step, reduces the  paperwork, and makes savings for family and that new addition, whether  it is by birth or by adoption, in our case, it makes it easier to do.   The savings bill by Mr. Kelly for the first time allows families who  welcome that new child to access their retirement if there are extra  medical costs, or if your child has special needs and needs new  equipment, or if you want to simply stay home sometime with your  family. Maybe the business you work for can't afford to pay you. For  the first time, millions of American families will have a Tax Code that  works for their young family, not against them.   Mr. Speaker, you would think that would be supported by both parties.  I urge Members of Congress to set aside this silly partisanship and  join together to help families save more.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, I will be glad to provide my  perspective. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Kelly) is correct.  The study was removed.   The question of PBGC premium levels is not directly within the  jurisdiction of the Ways and Means Committee. Here, in the House, the  committee of jurisdiction is the Education and the Workforce Committee.   I have had numerous discussions with the excellent chairwoman of the  committee, Dr. Foxx of North Carolina. She knows our interest in  determining the proper premium levels for these organizations.  Premiums, as you know, that are too low threaten the ability of the  PBGC to provide protections for the workers and beneficiaries.   At the same time, if premiums are set too high, they really impose an  inappropriate burden on pension plans and the workers who participate  in them.   This issue will come up again as we negotiate a final agreement with  the Senate on the overall retirement and savings package, because many  Senators, too, are also interested in finding the right level of  premiums.   So I would say to the gentleman that I have full confidence that  Chairwoman Foxx and her colleagues as the committee of jurisdiction  will be engaged in working on the overall retirement security agreement  and will work to provide appropriate input in determining the right  outcome.   