 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding.   I rise in opposition to the rule and to the underlying bill because  it is a missed opportunity. I had offered numerous, fiscally  responsible reform amendments to improve the bill, all of which were  rejected last night.   For instance, why is a farm entity with an adjusted gross income of  over $500,000 a year still receiving taxpayer subsidies under this  bill? Why can't we at least track the crop insurance premium subsidy  payments to the individual entities?   Right now, that is currently prohibited under the bill. That is not  right. The American taxpayer deserves to see how their tax dollars are  being run.   Why are we eliminating the entire Conservation Stewardship Program  when three out of every four farmers applying for conservation funding  assistance today are denied because of inadequacy of funds?   This farm bill should be about helping our family farmers succeed,  not a sop to powerful special interests here in Washington. That is why  this is a missed opportunity.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. I thank her for her  leadership on this issue.   This amendment is long overdue. The sugar program that currently  exists has distorted the marketplace for too long. According to one  estimate, it has driven up consumer prices by over $4 billion a year.  And it is making it more difficult for us to negotiate greater market  access in trade negotiations overseas.   Mr. Chairman, I am also disappointed that many of my fiscally  responsible reform amendments were rejected late last night in the  Rules Committee, such as:   Why do multimillionaires and billionaires still qualify for  agriculture subsidies under the current bill?   Why do those earning over $500,000 in adjusted gross income get  subsidies under this bill?   Why are multiple people on the same farm receiving the same subsidies  under this bill, from husbands to wives, to sons, to daughters, the  nephews, the nieces, the cousins?   Why can't we at least track where the crop insurance premium  subsidies are going, which is currently prohibited under this bill?   This legislation should be working for family farmers, not powerful  special interests here in Washington. I fear it is a missed  opportunity.   This amendment at least introduces some modicum of reform, which is  long overdue, in a program that has distorted the marketplace for too  long.   Mr. Chairman, I encourage my colleagues to accept this amendment  today.   