 Mr. President, first of all, I want to give gratitude to  both of the Senators who spoke before me, my friend Senator Coons and  my friend Senator Jeff Flake. I want to especially thank Jeff Flake for  his willingness not just to lead with words but to make a commitment on  the Senate floor that he will not be voting on judicial appointments  until this is brought to a vote.   Senator Flake and Senator Coons have said pretty much all of what I  was going to say. Perhaps just very succinctly and very candidly, I  want to reiterate this moment we are in and the gravity of the moment  we are in. This bill is not a partisan piece of legislation. It comes  from a bipartisan effort. It started many months ago, when Senator  Graham and I started talking and Senator Tillis and Senator Coons  started talking many months ago, not just for this moment in history  but also understanding that we have a flaw in our system that does not  have an appropriate check and balance on a Presidential power that can  put them in a position where they are not subject to the laws of our  land.   This Special Counsel and Independence Integrity Act came from a  bipartisan effort to try to make sure that we have appropriate checks  and balances to prevent a constitutional crisis. It is actually a  forward-thinking bill, understanding that we should not be reactive in  the cause of our democracy but proactive in preventing and securing the  great Nation and our laws and our rules that we all cherish.   We see a bipartisan bill worked on, crafted, compromised, brought to  committee, be voted out of committee, and languish now without a vote,  and I agree with Senator Coons that it would get more than 60 votes and  would provide a reasonable check and balance. This is a bill that is  important for history, but the urgency of this moment Senator Coons has  already gone over.   We now have the firing of Jeff Sessions, and Jeff Sessions was said  to be fired by a President who literally said: ``I would not have hired  you if I thought you were going to recuse yourself.'' He was replaced  with a person--and Senator Coons has read the quotes--who talked about  this investigation and what he would like to do. He called it a witch  hunt, and he compromised himself now in the position he is in. The idea  that the integrity of this investigation and the idea that the urgency  of this investigation will continue under his leadership are in  question. That is why this bill is necessary.   More than that, we are a nation that has been, is, and will be under  attack. All of our intelligence agencies have a consensus on the  conclusion that our democracy is under attack.   We need to understand what happened, what is happening, how to  prevent it from happening again, and hold those people accountable.   This investigation has led to numerous guilty pleas. This  investigation has led to numerous indictments, and it should be able to  run its course without interference.   So I will conclude by saying that there is urgency in our country to  uphold an ideal and a principle that no one, not a Congress person, not  a Senator, not a mayor, not a Governor, not the President of the United  States--no one in this country is above the law.   There is ample evidence of this body taking reasonable, measured,  bipartisan actions to make sure we have the balanced government that  was designed and intended by our Founders. This is a reasonable, modest  check and balance on Presidential power to ensure that no one,  including the President of the United States, is above the law.   I am deeply grateful for Senator Coons, Senator Tillis, Senator  Graham, and especially for the leadership shown right now by Senator  Flake in this important moment to avoid a constitutional crisis.   Thank you.   