 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to tell my colleagues about H.R.  4753 and urge they pass it.   As this body knows, Congress gave the Federal Reserve much greater  regulatory authority under Dodd-Frank. The bill established the Vice  Chair for Supervision position to oversee those efforts. But the first  confirmed appointee to that position took office only last year, a full  7 years since Dodd-Frank.   During that time, Congress received minimal testimony on regulatory  issues from the Fed. Typically, other officials who didn't oversee  regulatory efforts gave testimony in this regard. But the key point is,  Dodd-Frank requires only the Vice Chair for Supervision to give that  testimony. While we are grateful that other Fed officials decided to  speak to Congress on regulatory issues, they didn't have to under the  law.   My bill would prevent that situation from arising ever again. Under  my bill, if there is no Vice Chair for Supervision, either the Fed  Chair or their designee will be required to give annual testimony on  regulatory matters.   It is that simple, and as a result, this bill passed unanimously out  of the Financial Services Committee.   Despite the simplicity, this bill is about the oversight authority of  Congress and the constituents we represent. It remains vitally  important that we and our Senate friends hear from these agencies.   Not only that, we should hear from the officials who are very  knowledgeable on the issues in their areas, particularly when these  regulations have a large effect on capital and money markets.  Otherwise, our constituents will become even more distrustful of  government.   Transparency is key. In fact, it is one of our greatest  responsibilities as Members of Congress.   My bill promotes that responsibility, and, thus, deserves to be  passed. I thank the chairman, the ranking member, and a unanimous  Financial Services Committee for supporting this bill. I hope my  colleagues will follow their example and vote for the bill.   