 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation.   The Homeland Security division of this bill contains $47.7 billion to  fund the Department of Homeland Security.   This bill provides strong funding to help Americans recover when  disaster hits; ensures the security of our air, land, and sea borders;  and protects our local communities from outside threats.   This bill provides more than 90 miles of barrier fencing, to include  33 miles of new fencing in the Rio Grande Valley. It includes $284  million for inspection equipment to combat drug trafficking, to include  $71 million to specifically target opioid detection. It sustains ICE  detention activities and provides additional funding to hire more  agents.   It funds the vessels and aircraft our Coast Guard needs to protect  our coastline. It also fully funds activities to combat cyber attacks.   Mr. Speaker, this last year has been a tough year for Texans, who  suffered from our most ruthless hurricane season. I saw the devastation  firsthand. This bill will go a long way to help those folks and their  homes.   This bill includes $7.9 billion for FEMA to continue to respond to  this and future disasters, and $249 million for grants to prevent  future storms from causing damage like this again.   I would like to thank very much my colleague, Ms. Lucille Roybal- Allard, the ranking member on my committee. She is a dream to work  with, and we are great partners in this process. I would also like to  thank the majority and minority staffs for their hard work on this  bill.   Mr. Speaker, as I conclude, I would like to take a moment to say  farewell and thanks to a member of our Homeland Security Subcommittee  team.   Christopher Romig is leaving our committee at the end of April, after  30 years of service to our Nation. He spent 27 of those years in our  great Army as a helicopter pilot. He brought his military background to  our Homeland Security Subcommittee team, and we benefited from his  experience and sharp mind for the past 3 years. Now we wish him well on  his next adventure.   I also would like to take a minute to thank the FBI and the ATF for  the great work they have done in the central Texas area for the person  we call the Austin bomber.   