 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Garrett for organizing this  Special Order today to shed light on what has been going on in Iran not  just the last couple of weeks, but, really, since 1979.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak out for the good people of Iran  who are protesting against an oppressive regime that has imposed  tyranny on them for nearly four decades. Scores of people have been  arrested and some killed for daring to speak out against their  government.   Mr. Speaker, they have good cause. For far too long, the  authoritarian terrorists of Tehran have pursued an aggressive military  buildup and a massive police state that oppresses its people.   Since the Iranian Revolution in 1979, their leaders have chosen  global and regional conflict instead of promoting a healthy domestic  economy and peaceful relations with their regional neighbors. I could  spend a long time highlighting the litany of basic human rights  violations of the regime as well, but the Iranian Government's  malfeasance, public corruption, and betrayal to their citizenry needs  to be brought to light on the world stage.   Mr. Speaker, as recently as last year, in the State Department's  annual Country Reports on Terrorism, Iran was once again identified as  the foremost state sponsor of terror. The crime and terror Iran spreads  are conducted at the expense of ordinary Iranians whose taxes go  everywhere but to themselves and their prosperity.   The unemployment rate is over 12 percent, according to the World  Bank, and youth unemployment is staggeringly high. And all of this,  despite Iran being rich in natural resources and having potential for  having a great economy.   Two years ago, the U.S. entered a deal in hopes of encouraging a more  peaceful Iran, not to mention passing along billions in direct cash  payments to them.   Furthermore, if that wasn't enough, it has been recently reported  that the Department of Justice, under President Obama, abandoned a  massive international narcotics investigation against one of Iran's  international terrorist clients, Hezbollah, just to not upset the  Iranian regime during the negotiation of the nuclear deal.   That is right, Mr. Speaker. Hezbollah is not just in the global  terror business; it is a transnational criminal organization that is a  major global drug trafficker, including right here in the Western  Hemisphere and Latin America.   For anyone who has not read the recent article in Politico Magazine,  titled, ``The Secret Backstory of How Obama Let Hezbollah Off the  Hook,'' it is worth your time. You will learn how Hezbollah is  operating throughout Latin America and, indeed, facilitating the  transfer of drugs into this country.   Despite all of their contrition and dealmaking, the Iranian regime  has  [[Page H69]]  not changed. This perilous regime is still exporting and smuggling  weapons to its clients in Afghanistan, Syria, Iraq, and Yemen.  Hezbollah and Iran continue to threaten Israel, among other nations,  and are still a destabilizing force throughout the Middle East.   After all of the Iranian regime's terror, crime, and corruption, do  you think the Iranian people would have benefited from this?   Mr. Speaker, all you have to do is turn on the TV to see the Iranian  people's answer, and it is obvious that they have had enough. This kind  of tyranny does not belong anywhere, especially in the 21st century.   The everyday people in Iran want the same thing the average American  wants: freedom to live without fear of their government, to live and  work in peace, to be with their loved ones, and to worship as they see  fit.   The good people of Iran are standing up to tyranny, and we should  stand with them. I want those protesters seeking freedom from  oppression to know that we are with them, that the American people are  with them.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Garrett, again, for organizing this Special  Order on this very important topic.   