 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the Judiciary Committee announced that  it would be voting on a slate of judicial nominees including Andrew  Oldham, a nominee for the Fifth Circuit, and Wendy Vitter, a nominee  for the Eastern District of Louisiana.   We prize the quality of moderation in all our judges at the district  level, the circuit level, and, of course, at the Supreme Court level.  Mr. Oldham and Ms. Vitter unfortunately have expressed a number of  sentiments that would put them on the political extreme, including  troubling statements about women's healthcare rights.   Asked separately by my colleague, Senator Blumenthal, if they agreed  with the decision in the landmark Supreme Court decision forbidding  segregating schools in Brown v. Board of Education, both Mr. Oldham and  Ms. Vitter demurred. Can you believe that? They would not say they  supported Brown v. Board of Education, and this is who our colleagues  are nominating to put on the bench? It shouldn't be a tough question.  Segregation and the false paradigm of ``separate but equal'' was a  national disgrace. It remains a stain on our history. It has been  widely discredited from one end of America to the other. Yet the  nominees for the Fifth Circuit and the Eastern District of Louisiana  could not say they agreed with the idea that we as a Nation should have  one school system for all races.   The Judiciary Committee will vote on Mr. Oldham and Ms. Vitter's  nominations on Thursday, 64 years to the day since Brown v. Board was  decided and segregated schools were deemed unconstitutional. In honor  of this anniversary, the 64th anniversary of Brown v. Board, my Senate  Republican colleagues aren't rolling out a new education policy or a  new civil rights policy, they are voting to give these two individuals  lifetime appointments to the bench.   When we say that sometimes our Republican colleagues and this  President is divisive, it is actions like this that document that and  make the fact that they are being divisive irrefutable. Our Nation  became a better nation--more just, more free--when the Supreme Court  said that no official, high or petty, could determine where an African  American child could or could not go to school. If you can't agree with  that decision, you don't deserve to be a Federal judge, and my  colleagues should make a stand and roundly vote against these two  nominees.   