 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Indiana,  the Chair of the House Ethics Committee, for putting together this  Special Order so we can talk about what is going on with tax reform.   Mr. Speaker, the numbers don't lie. Tax reform is growing our economy  and providing more opportunities for all Americans. It has been just  over 6 months since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into law, and  we are already seeing results.   First and foremost, our economy is growing at nearly 4 percent, a  remarkable number, despite the Congressional Budget Office's  pessimistic prediction of only 1.9 percent growth.   When I started in Congress in 2011, unemployment was 9 percent. Due  largely to our tax reform and regulatory reform, our business community  is now creating jobs. Unemployment has fallen to 3.8 percent, according  to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, an 18-year low.   Moreover, not only are businesses hiring, but they are reinvesting in  their employees. They are giving Americans more money in their pocket.  In fact, 4 million workers and counting have received bonuses and seen  more money sent to their 401(k)s, and 90 percent of Americans have more  money in their paychecks as a result of tax reform.   I am seeing the benefits across my district, with companies such as  Nationwide Insurance, R+L Carriers, eCycle, and Fifth Third Bank giving  bonuses, pay raises, and raising contributions to retirement.   These benefits are real and make a tangible difference for  hardworking families in the 15th District and it has given them an  opportunity to reinvest in their future.   The economy is booming, and people are noticing. Consumer confidence  is at an 18-year high. We are seeing wage growth, a pay raise for the  American worker, for many of them for the first time in 10 years.   We were also told that the tax bill would hurt the housing market;  however, home prices are surging. According to the S&P, the home price  index has increased 6.5 percent.   The statistics and stories go on and on, but, Mr. Speaker, you just  can't deny the numbers. Tax reform is working for the 15th District, it  is working for the State of Ohio, and it is working for America.   What I have heard from some of my constituents: Carolyn in Grover  City, who is a budding entrepreneur, is using her tax cut to start a  small business. Tamela in Amanda says that it just helps her breathe  easier having a little extra money in her pocket, knowing that the  government is taking a little bit smaller bite. She has got a little  bit more money to make things balance.   It has only been 6 months since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act took  effect, and I look forward to seeing how Ohioans and Americans continue  to benefit.   