 Mr. President, as I have done two or three times before  in the last week, I would take some of my colleagues' time to discuss  the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh to serve as an Associate Justice on  the Supreme Court.   I think the debate surrounding his confirmation has highlighted the  deep divide between how conservatives view the role of the judiciary  versus how liberals view it. The reason liberal outside groups oppose  Judge Kavanaugh's nomination is quite simple: They don't think he will  promote their preferred policies and the outcomes of those policies  while on the Bench.   I can't think of a better example that demonstrates how differently  liberals and conservatives view the role of the judiciary, so let me  tell you how I and most Americans view the role of the judiciary. There  are pretty simple things we learned from high school government courses  about the checks and balances of government--pretty simple, pretty  common sense, because it is all about the purpose of the Constitution  of the United States.   Under the Constitution, we have three branches of government.  Congress makes the law, the President enforces the law, and the  judiciary interprets and applies the law and the Constitution.   The judiciary's role as a coequal and independent branch of  government is significant. It is confined. In the words from the  Constitution, they can only deal with cases and controversies. As  Alexander Hamilton explained in Federalist Paper No. 78, the judiciary  ``may truly be said to have neither FORCE nor WILL, but merely  judgment.'' In other words, the judiciary must stay in its lane--a very  slow lane--calling balls and strikes as the courts see them, without  trying to encroach on Congress's authority to make policy through the  legislative process. When the Supreme Court goes beyond its mandate and  enters the policymaking arena, it threatens the structure of our  Constitution.   To preserve the judiciary's independence, Justices of the Supreme  Court are appointed for life. They are not directly accountable to the  voters for  [[Page S4984]]  their decisions. The American people can toss out those of us in  Congress if we make bad policy decisions, but if a judge ends up  legislating, we are stuck with a judge who made those bad decisions for  life.   The benefit of this arrangement is that judges can make decisions  according to the laws, not based on the whims of political opinion  because they are immune from that political opinion. But the downside  is that some judges can see their independence as a green light to  override the policy choices of Congress or the States and substitute  their own policy preferences. The threat this poses to self-government  should be very self-evident: Instead of the people's representatives  making policy choices, unelected judges who aren't answerable to the  American people make them.   Conservatives believe that judges must rule according to the law as  written. In any case, the law might lead to a liberal political result  or, it might require a conservative political result, but the judge  can't take that into consideration. The law must be interpreted  regardless of whether the judge agrees with the political results of  the decision. A good judge will oftentimes personally disagree with the  result he or she reaches.   Many liberals view the role of the judiciary very differently.  Liberals believe that an independent judiciary, unaccountable to the  American people, is a very convenient way to achieve policy outcomes  that can't be achieved through the democratic and representative  process. That is why, in nearly every case before the Supreme Court, it  is very predictable how the four Democrat-appointed Justices will rule.  In most cases, they will reach the result that achieves liberal  political goals. How else can you explain the fact that the Democrat- appointed Justices have voted to strike down every restriction on  abortion--a right that appears nowhere in the Constitution--but would  uphold restrictions on political speech or gun rights? After all, these  rights are expressly covered by the First and Second Amendments.   The unfortunate reality is that liberal jurisprudence is thinly  veiled liberal policymaking, and I am very generous when I say ``thinly  veiled.'' This explains many of the leftwing attacks on Judge Kavanaugh  that are now going on. Judge Kavanaugh has a track record of putting  aside any policy preferences that he has and ruling according to the  law as it is written. I think this is a virtue. Indeed, it is necessary  for judges to do that--to show their impartiality, to show their  judicial temperaments. But liberal outside groups and their Senate  allies see this as a threat. They want judges who will impose their  policy preferences--only have those policy preferences disguised as  law, of course. They want politicians hiding under their judicial  robes. That is why many of the attacks on Judge Kavanaugh are based on  policy outcomes.   Leftwing groups are spending millions of dollars to convince the  American people that Judge Kavanaugh is hostile to their preferred  policies. I believe this effort will be unsuccessful. What the American  people see in Judge Kavanaugh is a judge who will rule according to the  law, not for or against various policies.   Nine Ivy League Justices and their cadre of mostly Ivy League law  clerks aren't equipped to replace Congress's exclusive lawmaking  function.   One attack I have seen on Judge Kavanaugh is that he represents a  threat to the Affordable Care Act's protection of people with  preexisting conditions. I want to tell you why numerically that just  doesn't work out--because the same five Justices who twice upheld the  constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act are still on the Court.  Justice Kennedy, whom Judge Kavanaugh would replace, voted to strike  down the Affordable Care Act. In other words, even assuming you could  predict Judge Kavanaugh's vote 1 year or 10 years from now on the  Affordable Care Act, his vote would not change the outcome. Moreover,  Judge Kavanaugh had two opportunities to strike down the Affordable  Care Act on the DC Circuit, where he now serves. He did not do it. So  where do they get the idea that he is a predictable vote to undo the  ACA?   For those of us for repeal, maybe we ought to vote against him  because he hasn't voted that way on the DC Circuit--those of us who  thought the Affordable Care Act should be repealed--and because he may  not be a sure vote to do that. And even if he were, there are still  five votes to preserve it.   The leftwing groups might want to put away their crystal ball. Even  the New York Times fact checker threw cold water on the argument that  Kavanaugh was a sure vote against the Affordable Care Act. The New York  Times labeled the leftwing attacks ``exaggerated.''   Another attack on Judge Kavanaugh is that he is hostile to abortion  rights. This attack misrepresents his record on the DC Circuit. There,  Judge Kavanaugh acknowledged that the court must decide the case based  on Roe v. Wade and subsequent abortion decisions. He applied the  precedent, as precedent requires judges to so do.   We hear the same fearmongering over abortion every time there is a  Supreme Court vacancy. I remember that 38 years ago when Sandra Day  O'Connor was going to be the first woman appointed to the Supreme  Court, there was real worry then that Roe v. Wade was in jeopardy. She  is one of those who preserved it in the Casey v. Planned Parenthood  case 12 years later, as she got on the Court. Yet Roe v. Wade is still  the law of the land. Justices have a way of surprising us. I think  Justice Kennedy, now leaving the Court, was one of those because even  though we didn't pursue this in depth with him at his hearing, those of  us who are pro-life--and I am one of them--were pretty assured that  Kennedy might be one of those votes to override Roe v. Wade. Yet, in  1992, in the Casey v. Planned Parenthood case, Kennedy was one of the  majority who voted not to do any harm whatsoever to Roe v. Wade.    There is no way to predict how a Justice will rule in a particular  case. Many times, this Senator has been disappointed by what he thought  a Justice might do if approved. Who could have predicted that Judge  Scalia, for example, would strike down a ban on flag-burning? Just this  term, we saw how Justices appointed by Republican Presidents can reach  decisions with liberal political results because that is what the law  requires. In Sessions v. Dimaya, Justice Gorsuch sided with an  immigrant who challenged a statute under which he could have been  deported as unconstitutionally vague. In Carpenter v. the United  States, our Chief Justice Roberts, who most of the time is considered a  conservative or strict constructionist, held that police were required  to obtain a warrant before searching cell phone location data. If you  are a law enforcement person, you consider that a bad decision. If you  are a privacy rights person, you consider Chief Justice Roberts to be  right.   It is sad--very sad--but not surprising that leftwing groups and  their Senate allies oppose Judge Kavanaugh's confirmation based on  policy concerns rather than on legal concerns. Luckily, a majority of  Americans and a majority of Senators believe that the mark of a really  good judge is someone who does what the Constitution assigns them to  do--interpret the law as written, regardless of whether the result is  liberal or conservative or even anything in between. As Justice Gorsuch  said, judges wear robes, not capes.   In his 12 years on the DC Circuit, Judge Kavanaugh has a clear track  record of setting aside any policy preferences and ruling according to  law as Congress wrote it. Criticizing the results of certain decisions  says more about his critics than about the judge himself.   We are already seeing an attempt at Borking Judge Kavanaugh. I was in  the Senate when liberal groups and some of my colleagues smeared the  highly respected Judge Bork after he was nominated for the Supreme  Court. Judge Bork was very candid with the Senate Judiciary Committee.  He was unfairly attacked for being so candid. We are seeing liberal  groups and their Senate allies try to replicate this shameful episode.   But since the nomination of Justice Ginsburg to the Supreme Court,  the tradition has been for nominees to, in her words, give ``no hints,  no forecasts, no previews'' of how they would vote, and that applies to  how they would address certain cases. In a press conference last year,  the minority leader affirmed that ``there is a grand tradition that I  support that you can't ask''  [[Page S4985]]  a judicial nominee ``about a specific case that might come before  them.'' That is exactly the Ginsburg rule.   I expect, if Judge Kavanaugh wants to be on the Supreme Court not  only for the sake of being on the Supreme Court, getting there, but  also to serve the role he ought to serve as an impartial Justice, that  he is going to follow the Ginsburg rule when he comes before my  Judiciary Committee. I implore my colleagues not to try to extract  assurances about how he will rule in specific cases in exchange for a  confirmation vote, because they ought to get the answer from Kavanaugh  that Ginsburg would give and, as far as I know, every one of the  nominees since then.   The only question that matters is this: Does Judge Kavanaugh strive  to apply the law as written by Congress, regardless of his personal  views? From what I know about Judge Kavanaugh--and I haven't gone  through all of his 300 opinions yet that he has written as a circuit  judge, but the answer appears to be yes.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   