 Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me thank Chairman  Frelinghuysen for all of his dedicated, hard work on this bill and his  leadership through many years of service. We are really grateful for  the gentleman's mentorship and all of his exhaustive efforts to make  America truly a much better place.   In that regard, Mr. Speaker, while I was on my way over here, I was  reflecting on something. The dome of the Capitol that connects our two  bodies here continued to be constructed during the Civil War. Abraham  Lincoln was encouraged to stop it, given all the other demands of the  crises all around him. He refused. He said that, one day, that dome  will unify our Nation once again.   Here we are with the legislative branch bill. Even though it is the  smallest of the appropriations bills, I believe it does capture the  richness of the American experience and captures the heart of the  narrative of our Nation.   In that regard, we have worked very closely, of course, with the  former chairman, Kevin Yoder, as well Ranking Member Tim Ryan, as well  as the United States Senate to develop a very good bill here. The final  product, I believe, is solid and reasonable.    The legislative branch division provides about $4.8 billion in  funding, and that is a 2.8 percent increase over last year. But the  priorities, Mr. Speaker, were placed on security, transparency, and  maintaining fiscal responsibility.   The bill provides about $1.2 billion for the House of  Representatives, which is a 2.7 percent increase. However, it needs to  be noted that this is still below funding levels from the year 2010. As  the chairman mentioned, this includes $8.8 million for a new account  for the compensation of interns, which is a widely agreed upon new  initiative, allowing each Member to spend up to $20,000 a year.   In the areas of security, about $30 million is going to our Capitol  Police to enhance the safety and security of this campus, as well as to  protect Members when they are offsite.   About $733 million is going to the Architect of the Capitol to ensure  safety and security improvements to our historic buildings and to  address a growing deferred maintenance list that we have. A  particularly new initiative is that we are directing the Architect to  design plans for a more welcoming arrival area around the Capitol South  Metro Station.   Regarding the issue of transparency, there is about $589 million for  the Government Accountability Office, which  [[Page H8242]]  will enable them to hire 130 new persons to assist with GAO's critical  oversight work that provides us in Congress accurate, nonpartisan  reporting of how taxpayer dollars are being appropriately used. The  Congressional Budget Office will also receive a slight increase to be  better responsive to Members of Congress.   Regarding fiscal responsibility and new initiatives, we have included  language supporting the Library of Congress' visitor experience  project, which has the potential to transform how our Library, the  Library of America, welcomes the millions of visitors that it receives  each year. We expect that this will become a model of public-private  partnership in the years to come.   Finally, I would like to draw attention to the expansion of the  popular House Wounded Warrior Program that will now offer 110 2-year  fellowships for those who have already sacrificed so much for our  country and wish to pursue public service here among us.   Mr. Speaker, a lot goes on in our Capitol, from the dedicated Capitol  Police officers who stand guard around the clock, to the employees of  the Architect of the Capitol who work to preserve and maintain this  important physical infrastructure, to the IT professionals who have  successfully defended our networks from 4.5 billion attempted cyber  attacks last year alone, and to the committed staff that is a part of  this legislative process. We owe them all.   We also, again, are thankful to Chairman Frelinghuysen for his  dedicated leadership. I would personally like to wish the gentleman all  the best in his future endeavors.   