 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member. I do indeed rise  to engage in a colloquy with the gentleman from Kentucky.   The bill we are considering today, unlike the Senate CFIUS bill, does  not have specific language dealing with board seats. That  notwithstanding, Chairman Barr and I share an understanding that the  language of the bill that covers ``involvement, other than through  voting shares, in the substantive decision-making of the United States  business'' gives CFIUS jurisdiction over investments which would confer  membership or observer rights or the right to nominate someone from the  board of directors or equivalent governing body of a business.   I ask my friend to confirm that understanding.    I yield to the gentleman from Kentucky.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for this exchange.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation which is urgently  needed. Our adversaries and competitors are indeed actively exploiting  gaps in our existing CFIUS process, which I would argue has not been  materially modernized in 30 years, and there are gaps.   Right now, purchases of land near our most sensitive national  security installations which are purchased to facilitate espionage go  unreviewed unless there happens to be an existing business on that  site.   Investments that could give our strategic competitors influence and  insights into our critical technology or the critical infrastructure  our country relies on go unreviewed because they fall just short of  control of a company.   Rights changes that can confer control of a company even without new  equity being contributed are not clearly within CFIUS jurisdiction.   There is a gap between CFIUS' existing authority over joint ventures  involving a whole U.S. business and the export control system's  authority over individual pieces of technology and know-how.   Good news. We close these gaps in this bill.   I appreciate deeply the willingness of Chairmen Hensarling and Barr  to work to ensure this legislation effectively addresses investments  that could expose details of critical technology or critical  infrastructure to our strategic competitors and to incorporate other  improvements suggested by our national security committees.   Frankly, however, as is no secret, I think there are some other  changes that I would like to have had made. For example, the Senate and  the original House bill contained delegation authority to help manage  an increased workload and more senior officials to oversee the CFIUS  process.   I also continue to believe that the blacklist used in the House bill  will ultimately be too easy for our adversaries to evade. Compared to  the approach taken by the Senate bill and the original House  legislation, the blacklist is also kind of a missed opportunity, I  think, to encourage our allies and partners to establish their own  CFIUS-like mechanisms compatible with ours because the truth is, we are  no safer if we block our competitors from buying a capability here but  they buy it from one of our allies or partners. That all said, this is  a very important step forward.   Mr. Speaker, I am glad to stand before you today and urge your  support on what I believe is a critical issue of national security. I  am equally glad to express my deep appreciation to the ranking member  and to the chairmen, both Mr. Hensarling and Mr. Barr, and to my  friend,  Robert Pittenger.   Last statement of the obvious warning, none of us is any better than  the quality of our staff. I want to acknowledge that I have been very  ably assisted on this matter for the better part of a year by Erik  Ashida of my staff. He has been with me 6 years.    Mr. Speaker, he is leaving staff because he has been  admitted to the extremely prestigious SAIS program, School of Advanced  International Studies at Johns Hopkins University. I know each of us  has experiences who have been here any length of time, when you have  had a young person be with you for many, many years, it creates a sense  of loss when they finally decide to take that next step. I am only able  to do this because I know that as ably as he has served the people of  the 10th Congressional District in our State from which he is from, I  know with equal confidence that he will continue to serve America upon  completion of his graduate program. He has been the point person in my  office working with Members' offices, and I am deeply appreciative to  him for all of his service.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the Members of this House to endorse and to  support this very important national security measure.    Mr. Chairman, I sincerely thank the ranking member for  yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 2083.   You have heard a good number of arguments in favor of this bill  today: the urgent threat posed by sea lions to endangered salmon and  steelhead; the fundamental importance of salmon to the economy and  culture of the Pacific Northwest and, especially, the native peoples  who have depended on these stocks since time immemorial.   But I want to talk about another reason, which was alluded to  earlier, and that is the issue of the orca. June happens to be National  Orca Month in Washington State. The southern resident orcas are an  iconic species for us. They reside principally in the Puget Sound, and  they are dying. The very fish that are taken by these sea lions migrate  there and are an important part of their food stock.   There are 75 resident orcas left, less than when they were put on the  endangered species list, fewer orcas today than when they were listed.  A large part of it is that they don't have enough Chinook salmon to  eat, and the reason for that is because the sea lions are eating them  first.   I want to remind the Chamber these sea lions are not even indigenous  to the Columbia River. They have only been here a little more than  three decades. They came here and found lunch and, along with it, put  our orca at risk.   Our State resource managers estimate sea lions consume about 20  percent of the Columbia's spring Chinook run--20 percent, one in five.    We all recognize saving these iconic orcas will take a comprehensive  solution. I don't deny that. And, of course, it isn't a silver bullet,  but it will help. It is something this body can do today to save our  orcas.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, with my  compliments to the gentlewoman from the Third Congressional District  and all who have worked so tirelessly on behalf of H.R. 2083.   