 Madam President, it is an interesting conversation we  can finally have about immigration. This has been that topic which has  been discussed for a while but not settled.   For 20 years, this body has talked about solving some of our  immigration issues. National security immigration hasn't been a  partisan issue until of late. Suddenly, when President Trump brings it  up, we have a bunch of folks who used to be for border security but are  now against border security because President Trump wants border  security--with some of the exact same ideas that have been in the Gang  of 8 bill or were in previous versions or were even talked about with a  secure wall or fence before. Almost every Democrat in this body voted  for the Secure Fence Act of 2006.   It is interesting to me the number of people who contact us saying:  We do not want to build a wall. I have said: What about the 650 miles  of wall that already exists and was put in place after 2006, which, by  the way, President Obama, when he was Senator Obama, wholeheartedly  supported and voted for?   This is suddenly a partisan issue. I am trying to help our entire  body take a step back and say: Immigration should be a humanity issue  and a legal issue, not a political issue.   I had a conversation with a friend of mine this weekend. We have  known each other for years. He is a pastor. We started talking about  the immigration issue. In that dialogue, he said to me: In the church,  we look at every individual as an individual created in the image of  God, and the church has a ministry to be able to reach out, regardless  of legal status.   Then he said, right behind it: But, in government, we understand  there is a different responsibility. The church engages with every  person equally, but the government has the responsibility of looking at  laws--what is legal and what is not legal--and helping abide by those  laws and enforcing those laws.   He is correct. There is an issue of humanity in this. These are  people caught in a system, and oftentimes those children in the DACA  Program are caught in a gap in which literally they have no home  country. They were brought as infants or as young children with a  parent who violated the law but did so with a child who came in and has  now lived in the country, in some cases 20 years, and they know only  this country. They are literally caught in the middle. While we have  great compassion, we are walking this interesting balance between  compassion for people, which we as a nation have, and also consistency  with the law. The law applies to every person. Whether you are the  President of the United States or an undocumented individual who has  come in, the law applies to everyone.    What do we do with this? The first thing I think we need to do is  take a deep breath and pull the politics out of this and to say border  security--in fact, security as a whole is not a controversial issue. I  will tell you, as a U.S. Senator, I have the privilege occasionally of  going to do interviews. Let me give you an example. CNN has a great  studio in Washington, DC. When you go to the studio in Washington, DC,  you go through the front door of a big building. There is a security  person there, and they will check your ID before you go any farther.  Not only will they check your ID, they make sure you are already  preregistered to be there to visit with CNN because you can't just walk  in. You have to notify them ahead of time you are coming, even if you  are the person being interviewed. Then, there is a physical barrier  between you and the elevators. Once the security guard clears you, you  go through the physical barriers, but you can't go up the elevator  because the security guard has to clear you to actually go up that  elevator and punch in a certain code to go up to the floor. When you  arrive at that floor, you are literally in nowhere land because  everywhere around you are locked doors until someone comes in and  clears you. You go to another security guard, and you sign in with that  security guard, again check ID, and then you have an escort who takes  you into the studio. That escort stays with you because as soon as your  interview is done, they will smile at you and say: Your time is up. We  are going to escort you out.   It is a shame CNN has to do that, but they do because not everybody  who walks through their doors means to do them no harm. There are some  people who mean to do them harm, and it is right for them to keep that  level of security.   For that level of security that we talked about for CNN, all of us  see that as rational--unfortunate but rational. I would say to us as a  nation, why is that rational at CNN headquarters, and it is irrational  for us to be able to do the same thing with our own borders? Not  everyone who crosses our border is there to help us. We can all admit,  there are some individuals--a few thankfully--who do mean to cross our  borders and do us harm. We should be aware of that. We have half a  million people a day who legally cross our border, our southern border,  alone--half a million people a day who cross back and forth, who  legally go through the system. They are doing commerce. They are  visiting family. There are all  [[Page S58]]  kinds of individuals who move back and forth through our gates legally  every single day. We should ask the question: Why are half a million  people moving through legally but yet there are thousands and thousands  who are moving through illegally? What is the difference, and should we  ask questions of some of those people? Should there be a physical  barrier in some spots?   We have seen some places like in Yuma, AZ, when there wasn't a  physical barrier and there is a large city right on the border and  someone would cross the border quickly, commit a crime, and move right  back across the border. When a physical barrier was put in place a  decade ago in Yuma, AZ, the crime rate dropped dramatically in that  area. The physical barrier helped and did reduce crime.   I have had people say, if you build a 30-foot wall, there will be a  31-foot ladder leaning against it. That is true, but it slows them down  and gives enough time in remote areas or in heavily urbanized areas for  people to be able to respond and be able to interdict those  individuals. Walls don't stop people. They slow people down so you can  actually do interdiction and ask: Why are you going over the wall  rather than through the gates like half a million other people are  doing today?   Why is that happening? That is not unreasonable, but it has become  heavily politicized. We need to step back and remove this from a  conversation about Presidents and about political parties and move it  back to some basic, commonsense things--things this Congress used to do  with wide, bipartisan support--things like a physical barrier. There  should be a wall in certain areas of the southern border that don't  have a wall right now. There should be areas of technology in other  areas. There should be an area to have watch towers with cameras that  are there. We should add some additional personnel. We are talking  about 3,000-plus miles on our northern border, 2,000 miles on our  southern border. That is a lot of territory to be able to cover. Some  of those areas don't even have broadband access to it, so just getting  information to the agents who work there takes a very long time or is  unreliable. We do need to have some technology improvements in some of  those areas. Should every part of our border have a wall? No, I don't  think so. It shouldn't all have a wall, but in heavily populated areas,  it probably should because that provides greater security, quite  frankly, on both sides of the border.   Some of it is even more simple than that. There are areas where there  are large amounts of cane that is growing up in the Rio Grande River,  and the Border Patrol agents can't see on both sides of the river who  is moving through because people can hide in the cane. Just eradicating  the cane that is all through that area on the border, in the river  area, would provide tremendous visibility. That would allow people to  be able to see farther and, quite frankly, stop some of the drug  movement and allow for more interdiction in those areas. It shouldn't  be that controversial. That should be common sense--adding technology,  adding sensors, adding greater visibility, adding a wall in areas where  a wall is needed, and in other areas that don't need a wall, we don't.   That is not just the issue. Some of the issue is fixing loopholes in  the law that get exploited. There are some individuals who cross the  border, and they know the rules. The coyotes in Central America who are  actually humans smuggling them all the way through Mexico and getting  them to the border have told them exactly what to say. When they  encounter a Border Patrol agent, they say: Say these words, and you  will get access to asylum, whether they are true or not.   The way it typically starts is, they say those words the coyotes have  told them to say, and they actually get a quick hearing and what is  called a notice to appear for another hearing, which is usually 2 or  2\1/2\ years later. They disappear somewhere into the American system,  and we have no idea where they are. They are somewhere among 300-plus  million Americans in some town, and we don't know where they are. The  vast majority of them never show up for the court hearings, but they  have a piece of paper that says ``notice to appear,'' which also means  they are given legal protections until that court date, and they can  move around the country.    That is a loophole in our system. It should be fixed. Nowhere else  would they do that. Why do we do that? We allow ourselves to be  exploited. There are some words and phrases that we need to be able to  clean up in the law and some things that need to be done. Again, that  shouldn't be controversial. It should be security related. There should  be some basic questions about how we are going to handle immigration.   We allow 1 million people a year to become citizens of the United  States legally--1 million people a year. Yet the American system is  also ignoring hundreds of thousands of others who are coming into the  system illegally and pretending it is not happening. It is. For 20  years, this Congress has not paid attention to it.   Say what you would like to about President Trump, but he is pushing  this Congress to do something it has not done in two decades--deal with  the issue of border security. This body will have to come to agreement  on that. The House of Representatives will have to come to agreement on  that, and the President will have to be able to sign it or it will be  just another Executive action that will not last very long. If we are  going to have lasting, real change in border security, it has to go  through the legislative process.   The President is pushing us to get that done before the first week of  March. We had 6 months of time. Four months of that has already run  out. It is time to get that document finished, to deal with the basic  things the President has asked for--border security, a legal status for  those individuals who are in the DACA Program whom the previous  President just put into deferred action status--that we will not arrest  them, but they are in some sort of legal limbo in between. President  Trump wants to have a permanent answer for all of those families.  Dealing with things on border security, not just the wall but the other  exceptions to it. The President wants to deal with the visa lottery,  which is a system where the names of 50,000 people somewhere in the  world are just randomly drawn out of a hat to be able to become  American citizens.   Many of us said for a long time, that is a foolish way to do your  immigration system. Our immigration system should be based on what we  need in America--what jobs, what locations--rather than randomly  pulling names of people around the world out of a hat. I understand  there are millions and millions of people around the world who would  love to be Americans, but in America, we want to be able to target  those individuals who want to not just be Americans but want to be a  part of us, not just culturally but economically, to be part of the  fabric of whom we are, to make decisions for ourselves as a nation, and  to do it not just in our own policy but also our own immigration  policy. It is not too much to ask.   There are basic things that should be done. Dealing with the DACA  students who are literally caught in a place where they have no home is  a compassionate thing to do, but along with our compassion, we also  need to uphold the law. Those kids should not be held to account for  what their parents did, but their parents should not have the same  access to the American system of being naturalized as the kids do--only  because the parents did intentionally violate the law. They chose to  break the law and bring their child with them when they did it. The  child didn't make that decision. Now they are growing up in a place  where they have no country. They should have a shot at being in our  Nation. I do not believe the parents of those kids--who broke the law-- should have that same access to our system. That may seem heartless,  but I will tell you, that is the balance we have to have between  compassion for people and upholding the law; that the law does apply to  all people. Maybe there is a way to do some other work permits or some  other things that could be there, but access to citizenship should be  reserved for those individuals who are upholding the law, not violating  it.   There are some DACA kids who have done some remarkable stuff, some  DACA kids who are pretty amazing individuals. I ask folks in Oklahoma  when I am home, if I could identify for you 700,000 people somewhere  around the world who speak English, who are excellent students, who  have stood up  [[Page S59]]  every day in their school and pledged allegiance to the United States  of America, who are in our military already, who are already working in  our economy right now, are those the individuals you want to reach out  to and be part of that 1 million people a year who become citizens? I  have yet to have someone tell me: No, that is not whom we are looking  for. Everyone says: That is exactly whom we are looking for.   I get to smile at them and say: They are already here. They just  happen to have grown up in this country already, but they have no home  and would love to call this one their home.   I would like to give them the opportunity to earn the ability to be  naturalized--not automatic, to earn it--and go through the process, to  get in line like every other person around the world, to get in line  but not have to return to their home country because they don't know a  home country, but get in line here to do it.   There is a way to be able to do this. The President has been the  first advocate for that. There is a way to be able to actually answer  the problems we have dealt with for 20 years on border security so we  don't continue to have another DACA Program in 5 years, in 10 years,  and over and over again as we are right now. Let's solve it.   Interestingly enough, in 2012, when President Obama announced the  DACA Program, he made some pretty blunt, clear statements during that  time period. One of them was, for individuals--this was in June of  2012--who are already here, he set a date. He said: For those  individuals, our Nation wants to provide an opportunity to not be  arrested, and we will work on your status, but for any future  individuals who cross our border, you will not have access to this  program.   That is President Obama who made that statement in 2012. While I have  heard individuals say we should abide by the words of our Presidents,  when President Obama made those statements to those kids in 2012, I  would remind us as a nation, we should honor all of those statements,  if we do any of those statements, including President Obama's  statements saying that this will end, and people who are crossing our  border will be returned to their home country.   As he announced publicly, there is a right way to be able to do  immigration. Let's do it the right way. We already receive 1 million a  year. Let's do it the right way, and you will find a very welcoming  United States of America.   That is where I think we can go, and I hope in the days ahead we can  finish out a negotiation and be able to resolve some basic things--not  everything in immigration but at least the core issues of immigration  and border security so we can resolve the issue not only for the kids  in DACA but continue to be able to work on how we are securing our  Nation for the future.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   