 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5895,  the Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and  Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act. In an era of partisanship,  bipartisan legislation like this bill is sorely needed.   A little over a year ago, Houston was devastated by Hurricane Harvey.  Recovering from a storm of that magnitude doesn't happen in a single  year. The Houston ship channel is still in need of dredging just to  return to the authorized depth that we were at before the storm hit.  That is why bills like this one are so important.   In this legislation, the Army Corps of Engineers will receive just  under $7 billion, $171.5 million above the 2018 enacted level. The Army  Corps works hand in hand with local organizations like the Port of  Houston and Harris County Flood Control in our district to repair  damage from previous storms and mitigate future risk.   It is essential that we fund the corps at an adequate level that  ensures that we are constructing projects that limit future damage, not  just repair the damage already there.   I am pleased to see that funding levels have increased in this year's  bill, but more needs to be done. This issue is not a partisan one and  affects districts far and wide.   I am also pleased to see that the harbor maintenance trust fund will  receive $1.55 billion, $149 million over the 2018 allocation and $584  million above the request. Ports are the economic drivers are our  country. At the Port of Houston, we had drafting restrictions that  affected safety and commerce for months because of Hurricane Harvey.   While I am pleased that we are increasing the allocated money this  year, there is still an injustice that needs to be corrected with the  harbor maintenance trust fund. Around $1.8 billion in harbor  maintenance tax is collected every year through port user fees. When  Congress enacted this fund, it intended to use the revenue to ensure  that no port would be in need of dredging and that the people who use  the port have a hand in funding the maintenance. It is essential that,  in future years, Congress rectifies this issue and ensures that all  money collected from usage of our ports goes directly to funding their  maintenance, generating further economic activity.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water,  Legislative Branch and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs  Appropriations Act. In an era partisanship, bipartisan legislation like  this bill is sorely needed.   A little over a year ago, Houston was devastated by Hurricane Harvey.  Recovery from a storm of that magnitude doesn't happen in a single  year. The Houston ship channel is still in need of dredging just to  return to the authorized depth that we were at before the storm hit.   That is why bills like this one are so important. In this  legislation, the Army Corps of Engineers will receive just under $7  billion, $171.5 million above the 2018 enacted level. The Army Corps  works hand in hand with local organizations like the Port and Harris  County Flood Control in our district to repair damage from previous  storms and mitigate future risk.   It is essential that we fund the Corps at an adequate level that  ensures that we are constructing projects that limit future damage, not  just repair the damage already there. I am pleased to see that funding  levels have increased in this year's bill, but more needs to be done.  This issue is not a partisan one and affects districts far and wide.   I am also pleased to see that the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund will  receive $1.55 billion, $149 million over the 2018 allocation and $584  million above the request. Ports are the economic drivers of the  country. At the Port of Houston we had drafting restrictions that  affected safety and commerce for months after Harvey. While I am  pleased that we are increasing the allocated money this year, there is  still an injustice that needs to be corrected with the Harbor  Maintenance Trust Fund.   Around $1.8 billion in Harbor Maintenance Tax is collected every year  through port user fees. When Congress enacted this fund it intended to  use the revenue to ensure that no port would be in need of dredging and  that the people who use the port have a hand in funding the  maintenance.   It is essential that in future years Congress rectifies this issue  and ensures that all money collected from the usage of our ports goes  directly to funding their maintenance, generating further economic  activity.   While there is work still to be done, this bill moves the ball  forward and I urge my colleagues to support it.   