 Mr. Speaker, I certainly thank the gentleman from Montana  for yielding, and I want to thank him for moving this legislation  through his committee and onto the floor.   I rise in support, Mr. Speaker, of H.R. 2606, the Stigler Act  Amendments of  [[Page H8136]]  2018, and on behalf of the citizens of the Cherokee Nation; my own  tribe, the Chickasaw Nation; the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma; the  Muscogee Creek Nation; and the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma, commonly  known as the Five Civilized Tribes.   The bill before us only addresses and affects these Five Tribes and  the lands owned by their citizens within the State of Oklahoma. The  passage of this legislation is critical to maintaining the inherited  land of the citizens of the five aforementioned tribes.   The infamous Dawes Act of 1887 authorized the Federal Government to  survey tribal lands and divide them into allotted parcels for  individual Native Americans. Title to these allotment parcels was set  forth in the Stigler Act of 1947.   The Stigler Act provided that, upon probate, if the heirs and  devisees of an original allottee from the Five Tribes had passed out of  one-half Native American blood quantum, the allotment loses its  restricted fee status.   Restricted land is not subject to State taxation, and Federal law  does not dictate a minimum Native American blood degree requirement to  any other tribe.   The original Stigler Act itself was an egregious violation of tribal  sovereignty and previous agreements between the Five Civilized Tribes  and the government. The provisions of the Dawes Act that protected  individual Native allottees, frankly, were effectively neutered by the  passage of the Stigler Act.    This legislation seeks to amend the original Stigler Act and remove  the one-half degree requirement of Native American blood. In doing so,  it would provide the opportunity for heirs and devisees to take title  to the land and allow the parcel to maintain its restricted status.   This legislation will also create parity in Federal law in the  treatment of Native American allotted land by removing the minimum  blood degree requirement, which only applies to the citizens of the  Five Civilized Tribes.   As Native Americans, we take great pride in our heritage and the land  that our ancestors maintained before us. The Stigler Act would allow  Natives to pass on their restricted land to future generations who may  not meet the one-half degree blood requirement. Many of Oklahoma's  citizens have passed out of the one-half blood lineage but remain  vested in their Native American heritage and citizens of their  respective tribal governments.   This bill will help preserve the rights and legacy of Native American  tribes and their inheritance in the State of Oklahoma.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support and pass H.R. 2606  to remove this outdated and discriminatory law and to preserve what  Native American land is left in Oklahoma's Indian Country.   Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank my friend for moving this through  the committee. Also, obviously, I want to thank the chairman of the  full committee, Mr. Bishop, for his help in this matter.   