 Mr. President, I rise today to honor the extraordinary  life and work of one of Oregon's finest, Ursula K. Le Guin, who, after  a long life, passed away in my hometown of Portland on January 22 at  the age of 88.   You would have a tough time overstating Mrs. Le Guin's impact on  American literature, particularly on the genres of fantasy and science  fiction. She didn't invent science fiction or fantasy literature, but  what she did, in true Oregon fashion, is redefine them.   Millions of school children in Oregon and around the world know her  best as the author of the unforgettable Earthsea series. She also wrote  essays, poetry, and short stories throughout her life. To the end, she  fiercely resisted the constant attempts to pigeonhole her as a sci-fi  author.   Over five decades, she upended conventions, shattered ceilings, and  inspired generations of readers and authors. She is going to be missed,  even as her legacy lives on.   Ursula Le Guin was born Ursula Kroeber on October 21, 1921, in  Berkeley, CA. Her parents were both successful anthropologists who  encouraged their kids to think and to question. Exposed to mythology  and science fiction at an early age, she soon grew tired of what she  would later describe as White men and soldiers going forth and  conquering the universe.   A shy young woman, she escaped the anxieties of adolescence by  reading authors like Austen, Shelley, and Tolstoy in her local public  library. She went on to Radcliffe College, graduating Phi Beta Kappa in  1951. She earned a master's degree from Columbia University the  following year and won a prestigious Fulbright scholarship to continue  her studies in Paris.   She met fellow Fulbright scholar Charles Le Guin on her way there,  and they were married shortly thereafter.   The pair returned to the United States and ultimately settled in  Oregon in the late 1950s, when her husband took a job at Portland State  University. She focused on the couple's three children and on her  writing, returning to science fiction with ``Rocannon's World'' in  1966. Two years later, she published ``A Wizard of Earthsea,'' the  first in a series of highly acclaimed fantasy novels that have remained  in print to the delight of millions.   I can't imagine it is an easy feat for any author to create an entire  universe that sticks in the minds of readers for generations. In  building Earthsea, Mrs. Le Guin joined that elite group of fiction  writers, like Tolkien and C.S. Lewis, who have done just that.   More impressively, she used her writing to push back against social  injustices and social constraints. She wrote about environmental  destruction, about feminism and gender inequality, about racism, about  war and peace. She wrote about women protagonists and about non-White  heroes when they were even less commonly highlighted than they are  today. She wrote about multidimensional characters and others who  sought to better themselves and their societies rather than bend others  to their will.   The more Mrs. Le Guin wrote, the more people would read, and the more  the awards started to pile up. She racked up awards in the course of  her career like few authors have--multiple Hugo, Nebula, and Locus  Awards, a National Book Award, a Newbery Medal, and a Pushcart Prize.  In 1977, she was shortlisted for the Pulitzer Prize.   She twice won the Hugo and Nebula Awards in the same year, for 1969's  ``The Left Hand of Darkness'' and in 1974 for ``The Dispossessed.''   I would be here until next week if I tried to list all of her  achievements, but because we have a rule in the Wyden household against  filibustering friends, let me just say that in 2000, the Library of  Congress made official what all of Oregon had long known. It declared  that Ursula Le Guin was a ``Living Legend'' for her contributions to  American literature.   The fact is, we love our bookstores, and I very often kid Michael  Powell and my wife Nancy that they are the LeBron James and Damian  Lillard of bookstores. The fact is, Mrs. Le Guin has been in demand in  bookstores and libraries for decades, and she has always been sharing  that wisdom in her books with visitors near and far. Thanks to her  example and her influence, generations of women writers have blazed new  trails and defied old dogmas.    As a dad who knows full well the importance of reading in a child's  life, this is really a special honor today to be able to stand before  this distinguished body and remember Ursula K. Le Guin, her life and  her legacy. Her pioneering writing is going to continue to make readers  challenge their conceptions and contemplate their role in this  enormously vast universe for decades to come. Her long career's worth  of great works will be treasured far into the future. I especially  appreciate the opportunity to recognize the extraordinary work of a  woman who did so much to promote writing and attract young readers at  home in Oregon and the chance to have been able to recognize Ursula Le  Guin today before the U.S. Senate.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   