 Mr. Speaker, the ranking member seems as if she would  like to have a conversation about housing and prices. I am happy to do  that--I am a former realtor and builder--just not right now.   Today, we are here to talk about H.R. 4790, the Volcker Rule  Regulatory Harmonization Act, introduced by my good friend and  colleague, Mr. Hill.   H.R. 4790 would streamline the regulatory authority over the Volcker  rule by granting the Federal Reserve the exclusive primary authority,  while requiring all of the other agencies to yet do their job as  prescribed.   This was really about proprietary trading. Because of the key role  that market making plays in ensuring deep, liquid capital markets, the  framers of the Volcker rule sought to exempt market-making activities  from the coverage of its prohibition on proprietary trading.   There is just one problem: The line between impermissible  ``proprietary trading'' and permissible ``market making'' is virtually  impossible to draw.   To add insult to injury, the framers of the Volcker rule unartfully  conferred responsibility for both implementing and enforcing the rule  on five different Federal financial regulators, all of which have  different mandates and regulatory philosophies: the Federal Reserve,  FDIC, OCC, SEC, and the CFTC. It is an alphabet soup of regulators.   With each regulator having different statutory mandates and  regulatory missions, is it any surprise that these five agencies have  failed to reach a consensus on the regulation to implement the Volcker  rule's vague legislative language?   Let me give you another example. This is a little like driving down  an unmarked section of the road where the State police, the Department  of Transportation, the local police, the parking attendant, and the FBI  have all been told that they have primary enforcement responsibilities  for the speed limit. It just doesn't make sense. As a result, banks are  getting out of the market-making business for fear of running afoul of  the Volcker rule. This is a great detriment to the U.S. capital  markets.   The real-world implications of the Volcker rule have been higher  borrowing costs for job creators, smaller investment returns for  hardworking families, and less economic activity overall because of  further regulatory restraints placed on already reduced liquidity  margins in key fixed-income markets, including the corporate bond  market.    So, needless to say, from its inception, the Volcker rule has been a  solution in search of a problem. It seeks to address activities that  had nothing to do with the financial crisis, and its practical effect  has been to undermine financial stability rather than to preserve it.   H.R. 4790 is a much-needed first step to addressing the numerous  unintended and negative consequences of the Volcker rule. This  bipartisan bill, as has been pointed out, streamlines the rulemaking  authority of the Federal Reserve. It consolidates examination and  enforcement authority into a single primary regulator.   This legislative measure makes important and sensible changes to  ensure much-needed regulatory clarity and reduces burdensome compliance  costs.    Mr. Speaker, despite the hyperbole you are hearing from  the ranking member, nothing in this bill grants the Federal Reserve the  ability to repeal the Volcker rule--nothing. Additionally, the other  regulators, that alphabet soup of regulators, are still required to  enforce the law.   Everyone deserves to have clarity and understanding of what the rules  of the road are, and that is what this bill is trying to do.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 4790.   