 Madam President, if we go back over the past 20 years,  it is hard to find an immigration debate that occurred that ended with  making law. Immigration issues have been contentious over the years-- unnecessarily so. They have been emotional over the years-- unnecessarily so. It is connected to families, to people, to real  lives, and to real stories. I get that. But now we are at a point again  where we will be debating immigration on this floor all of this week.   The DREAM Act was proposed 15 years ago. Three different times it has  come up before the House or the Senate or both. All three times in 15  years, it has failed--just dealing alone with those Dreamers. Then a  very, very large package was tried in 2013. That included not just the  Dreamers but their parents and every other person illegally present in  the United States--wholesale reform of every part of the immigration  system. That was tried in 2013; it also failed. Now it is time to find  that middle ground. Where can we find the basic issues here?   In September, the President of the United States challenged the House  and the Senate to get a legislative solution for the recipients of DACA  and those who are DACA-eligible. At the time, the President was decried  as throwing people out of the country, but he was very clear at that  point: He did not feel President Obama had the authority to give a  wholesale Executive answer for those individuals on what they called  deferred action for childhood arrivals. But President Trump said: I  want a legislative solution. I want certainty. I don't want these  individuals to sign up every 2 years and be at the whim of some future  Executive and go through the process. Let's get a permanent answer to  all of this, but with that, we have to pick up the issues around it at  the same time.   The President actually gave the nation a great gift at that time: a  deadline. For two decades, immigration has been well known to be a  problem, but there has been no deadline. The President set the deadline  of March 5 to have this resolved. We are nearing that now. It is time  to move from just debating it in the hallways and in our offices to  debating it on the floor of this Chamber and trying to get this  resolved.   Here is what I have proposed, along with Chairman Grassley, John  Cornyn, David Perdue, Thom Tillis, Tom Cotton, and Joni Ernst: to lay  out a commonsense solution, to say, let's stick to four items--four  items that the White House has also identified. Those things are all  connected.   Those four items begin, obviously, with DACA and those who are DACA- eligible, about 1.8 million individuals who are currently living in the  country, who grew up literally speaking English, pledging allegiance to  our flag, going to our schools, and engaging in our commerce. In every  way, they have lived and functioned as Americans, except they are not.  They were brought into the country illegally.   So now what do we do about that? President Obama set a time period.  He set a 2007 time period. You had to have been in the country by 2007,  be under a certain age, and then you were eligible. We actually  advanced that since it has been so long now and said: From the time  President Obama announced that--which was June 2012--if you were in the  country at that time or before and you are under that time period and  that certain age, you are eligible for it. Apply. Go through the  process.   We think that is not only entirely fair, it is also entirely  compassionate. But it also sends out a warning to those who are going  to rush at our border and say: The easiest way to illegally cross into  the United States is to bring a child with you. We do not want that to  occur. That is a dangerous crossing in many places, many children have  died, and individuals have had horrible things happen to them on the  way. We want to discourage that. So we set the June 2012 date--that is  when President Obama first announced the program--and said that is a  reasonable time period. But with that, we said it would take 10 years  for those individuals to be able to cross into naturalization. That is  in line with other individuals around the world who are currently  getting in the line right now. There is no one jumping ahead of anyone  else but holding those individuals harmless who are already here and  saying: Let's start you through the process, and 10 years from now, you  will get naturalization.   At the same time we put them in line, we also put in a process for  border security. The reason we currently have 11-plus million  individuals in the country with no legal status is because our border  security process has been so bad. This is no great shock to anyone. So  what we are doing is taking those individuals in DACA and saying: Let's  take 10 years to move you into naturalization. During that 10-year time  period, we also want to set up the basics of border security. That  gives us time to get security first and naturalization second for those  individuals but both with great certainty.   It is not just a wall, although there should be sections of wall. In  areas where it is highly populated on both sides of the border, we need  a wall as a demarkation. But in most areas of the border, it is not  highly populated on both sides; it is open desert or mountains. We need  cameras. We need technology. We need interaction with our National  Guard, who can bring resources to the battle as we try to interdict  drugs. We need increased ability in our laws dealing with terrorism,  drug smuggling, human smuggling. We need consistency in how we handle  immigration. Right now, there is one policy if you come from Cuba,  another policy if you come from Honduras, and another policy if you  come from Mexico. Why don't we be consistent with our immigration  policy?   We need additional Customs and Border Patrol agents. We need  additional ICE agents. My colleagues immediately recoil from that and  say that is interior enforcement. Actually, it is not. If you have  additional Customs and Border Patrol agents and they pick up someone at  the border, they are immediately transitioned into ICE custody, where  they are detained as they go through the process. But you can't just  detain people. You also have to have judges and attorneys. You have to  have advocates for those individuals. So we need to increase the number  of judges, attorneys, and advocates to be able to help. We need to  increase the number of translators to make sure that we get good  response from those individuals and that they understand what is going  on.   Right now, there are 600,000 people in a backlog waiting for their  day in court, for due process--600,000. That is absurd. One of the  reasons we have such an open, porous border is that individuals know  that if they get across the border, they will only be detained a couple  of weeks and then they will be released into the United States with  what is called a notice to appear. Some people appear at their court  date sometimes 2, 3, 4 years later, and some people do not, but they  have been released into the United States in the meantime. We need to  accelerate that process.   We have individuals who come across the border and they claim asylum,  but they don't get an asylum hearing for a couple of years. We should  have that as a rapid process. They should get due process, and they  should be able to make that claim. As we have said over and over again,  justice delayed is justice denied.   We have some interesting things that we put out in this dealing with  the cost to the taxpayers. We put a cap on the amount that we can spend  per person, per day in housing individuals, and we set the cap at $500  per day, per person to actually do detaining. We think it is a  reasonable amount, and, honestly, it is one of the things I think  should be universally accepted, both by the taxpayers and by this body.  We put in additional penalties for those who are doing human smuggling  and human trafficking and trafficking drugs across our border. We deal  with some nation-states that will not accept criminal aliens.    Many people in this body, and certainly across the United States, may  be surprised to know that for countries such as Cuba, if there is an  individual picked up in the United States who was convicted of armed  robbery and is illegally present in the United States, even though they  have committed a violent offense, typically in other  [[Page S866]]  countries, they would have to suffer the consequences of being in  prison here for their offense, and then they would be deported back to  their country, but Cuba does not accept them. Even though they are  illegally present in the United States and they commit a violent  offense, they do their time period here, and then they are released  back into the United States.   Why would we do that? We need to establish a process to resolve this.  That is basic with border security and also dealing with naturalization  for DACA. We have had individuals who have said: Where does the  diversity lottery and the issue of family unification come into this?   Let me tell you how it connects--and they absolutely do connect.  Right now we have 4 million people waiting through the process to  legally come to the United States. That is a 20-year backlog--20 years.  That is irrational. What we would like to be able to do is to fix the  process. Before we add another 2 million people into this and take a  20-year process to maybe a 25-year or 30-year process, once we get to  that backlog time period, let's fix what is obvious.   Quite frankly, this issue of family reunification is not a new issue.  In 1995, Democratic House Member Barbara Jordan led a study on what to  do on immigration and made a major proposal on what to do on what they  called--at that time, in 1995, in this Democratic-led group--chain  migration. It said that adult siblings and adult children should come  in under their own merit, not under their family and that we should  target skills for individuals who are coming in, not just ``It is my  brother-in-law; so he gets a chance to come as well.''   This would allow us to empty out that backlog--the 20-year backlog-- to come into the United States at a faster pace. The diversity lottery  is not a challenge with diversity--far from it. We have people from all  over the world who come into the United States, and we continue to  welcome people from all over the world.   I am fascinated watching the Olympics. I watch people march in from  many countries. Everyone looks the same under their flag until you get  to the United States. When the United States marches in, you can't pick  out which one looks American. We are American. In many countries around  the world, they all look the same because you are not welcome if you  don't look like them. That is not so with us. We welcome people freely  from around the world, but we also want them to bring a set of skills.  We believe that we can use those same numbers to encourage people from  around the world and bring their skills into the United States, to  repurpose the diversity lottery and say: Yes, come. Come from  everywhere around the world, but come bringing your skills because we  need it as a nation. You are always welcome to come.   It is far from making the Statue of Liberty cry or polishing up her  torch. It is saying: We are open to the world. Come and bring your  talents and abilities. We will need it in the days ahead.   If we want to prevent a 20-year backlog from getting even worse, we  have to fix the family migration issue. If we want to deal with border  security and deal with the very real threats that we face, as well as  just individuals who want to come to work, we have to deal with the  basics of border security, and we should address the issue of DACA  recipients. We can do this. We will walk through this journey together.  Over the course of this week, I hope we can keep this civil and open  and fact-based, rather than charged with emotion and accusations. We  all want to help the country. Let's work on helping the country  together this week.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Moran). The Senator from Iowa.   