 Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in opposition to  this  [[Page H5839]]  resolution, which is a Republican attempt to delay and derail the  Mueller investigation.   Mr. Speaker, what we have today is a Republican President who is  under criminal investigation. We have a Republican-led House of  Representatives that is doing its best as a cult following for the  President to help him thwart the investigation, help him stop the  investigation.   So what this is all about today is to pass a resolution that would  result in the Justice Department, which is conducting the investigation  of the President, to turn over documents that go to the heart of the  investigation.   Now, why do they want the Department of Justice to turn that  documentation over to them? Well, so that it can be leaked, leaked to  FOX News, get back to the President, and then the President will be in  a much better position to do what he does when it comes to being  investigated criminally. And what it all adds up to, ladies and  gentlemen, is politics trumping justice.    You never investigate an investigation that is ongoing. You wait  until that investigation is over, then you judge the investigation as  to whether or not it was fair.   So everything that the Republicans are doing here today is against  justice; it is against the rule of law; it is against the Constitution;  and it is against the America that we all hold dear.   This is a stretching, a warping of the power of the legislative  branch. They are seeking to use their power to put their heavy thumb  and hand on the scale of justice.   I heard one of my colleagues say that justice should be blind, and,  yes, Lady Justice does have a blindfold on so that she cannot see. What  these Republicans are trying to do today, ladies and gentlemen, is to  remove the blindfold on Lady Justice to let Lady Justice reveal an  injustice, to let this President use Lady Justice, as he has used women  in the past, to take away the sanctity of this Nation.   Mr. Speaker, this is hurtful to our Nation. I would ask my colleagues  on the other side to please think about what they are doing.   