 Mr. President, I come to the floor as we, as Americans,  continue to see the regular reminders that the world is a very  dangerous place. The horrendous reports out of Syria over the weekend  show us there are leaders in the world who will test the rules that  define civilized nations. They will exploit any crack that they see in  our resolve.   President Trump has consistently responded to these kinds of  challenges by showing that he is resolute and that he is unshakable. He  has a foreign policy that always puts America first. To continue to do  this, the President needs to have a full national security team on the  job and working for America. The Secretary of State is a very important  part of that team.   Tomorrow, the Foreign Relations Committee is scheduled to have a  hearing on Mike Pompeo's nomination to do this very important job. Mike  Pompeo understands that if we want safety and security at home, we need  a world that is peaceful and stable. I expect he is going to talk about  all of these things at the confirmation hearing, and I look forward to  his testimony.   We have all heard about Mike Pompeo's impressive qualifications for  the job to which he has been nominated--first in his class at West  Point; Harvard Law School; a Member of Congress; and the Director of  the Central Intelligence Agency. He has the integrity, and he has the  experience to serve as America's Secretary of State. As a former Member  of Congress, he certainly understands how policy decisions get made and  the key importance of congressional oversight. As head of the CIA, he  clearly understands the crucial role that the intelligence community  plays in preserving America's national security. As a soldier, he  understands the consequences of decisions that get made in Washington,  DC.   I have traveled with Mike Pompeo to meet with world leaders and to  attend national security conferences. He knows the issues, and he knows  the people. He is the right person for this job. I met with him just  last month after he was nominated. We talked about some of the specific  issues going on around the world and how they affect our Nation's  national security. It was a very good conversation, and I am extremely  confident that he is the right person for this job.   I expect many more people will come away from these hearings tomorrow  with great confidence in Mike Pompeo. He will be an excellent  representative for our Nation, and he will be a strong hand to  implement President Trump's foreign policy. So I look forward to voting  on this nomination as soon as possible after the hearings.   It was just a little over a year ago that he was confirmed by a very  large, bipartisan majority for his current job as the CIA Director. It  was right here on this Senate floor where that confirmation occurred.  Fifteen Senators from the other side of the aisle agreed that Mike  Pompeo was the right choice for that position. As the nominee for the  job he now holds, he drew bipartisan praise for his qualifications. Two  Democratic Senators actually came to the floor and spoke in favor of  his nomination--Senators Feinstein and Warner. They are the current  vice chair of the Intelligence Committee and the former chair of the  Intelligence Committee. Since that time, Mike Pompeo has done an  excellent job at the CIA. Even Hillary Clinton has come out and praised  his time in heading that Agency.   I expect that this can be a short process to confirm him in the new  job for which he has been nominated, that of Secretary of State. There  is certainly no good reason for Democrats to slow things down or to  attempt to slow things down.   We need to restore America to a position we once held as the most  powerful and respected Nation on the face of the Earth. For 8 years,  the previous administration had us going in the wrong direction. The  Obama administration followed a policy that it called strategic  patience. That meant watching while the Assad regime in Syria crossed  one redline after another. Then the redline became a green light. The  result is that Syria continues to use chemical weapons today in  attacking its own people. Strategic patience did not work.   The Obama administration's policy also meant that North Korea was  allowed to get away with too much for far too long. North Korea  continued to test nuclear weapons, continued to test missiles, and  continued to use hostages as a way of getting what it wanted from other  countries. Strategic patience did not work with North Korea.   The Trump administration has said very clearly that the era of  strategic patience is over. The leaders of these countries need to  understand that their belligerence will not succeed. They need to get  the clear message that America has a new foreign policy. It is a policy  to secure America's national interests and demonstrate America's  leadership around the world. Part of this leadership is to stand up to  show that there is a limit to the patience of the civilized countries  of the world. The previous administration too often placed  international opinion ahead of what was actually best for America. That  only made the world a more dangerous place. The Trump administration  has begun to get us back on the right track, and Mike Pompeo will  ensure that we stay on the right track.   When it comes to issues like the upcoming discussions with North  Korea, Mike Pompeo understands the risks of dealing with these kinds of  aggressive adversaries. He also understands the opportunities that we  now have because of President Trump's forceful stand for American  interests.   Democrats should commit to allowing this nomination to move as  quickly as possible. We will have a hearing tomorrow. We need to have a  thorough discussion about what is happening around the world, and then  we need to vote. Let's not have any more of the deliberate delays that  we have been seeing by the Democrats in this body--no more pointless  and partisan obstruction.   America's adversaries around the world are watching closely--in  Russia, in Syria, in North Korea, in Iran, and in other places. It is  time for us to show that we are serious about maintaining a strong  foreign policy that  [[Page S2060]]  puts America first. President Trump is doing his part. Mike Pompeo is  ready to do his part in his job. It is now time for the Senate to do  our job.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   