 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous to call up amendment No.  2870 to amendment No. 2282.    Mr. President, I don't disagree that we need to send a  strong message to people doing business with the United States.  However, the Commerce Department has imposed a severe fine in the ZTE  case--a $1.7 billion fine--in addition to penalties and compliance  measures on ZTE, including the firing of its entire board and all  senior executive leadership. That is not dissimilar to a commerce  violation right here in the United States. If someone violates the  rules and laws of our land, there are fines, penalties, and compliance  measures that go along with that.   In regard to these harsh penalties, Secretary Ross has just said:  ``the strictest and largest settlement fine that has ever been brought  by the Commerce Department against a violator of export controls.''   The Commerce Department has leveled a harsh but justified penalty.   I agree that we need to send a strong message, and I think this does  just that. However, the current NDAA managers' package would trample on  the separation of powers and undercut the Trump administration's  authority to impose these penalties. My amendment would prevent this  year's NDAA from limiting the export control authority of the Secretary  of Commerce.   I don't dispute the threat that ZTE products pose, but, remember, the  majority of the chips used in ZTE products are made right here in the  United States. Our government should not use products from ZTE, Huawei,  or any other company with such close links to the Chinese Government.   The underlying NDAA still prohibits the entire government from  purchasing ZTE products, but we should not tie the hands of the  administration to enact penalties as it sees fit, particularly in these  times of aggressive actions by foreign players.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to call up  amendment No. 2870 to amendment No. 2282.    Yes.   