 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Texas (Mr.  Williams) for leading this tonight. He finally ran out of Texans to  present here, so we are now up to California.   Mr. Speaker, I am honored to be able to be here tonight to join in  the commemoration celebration of President Bush 41. When he was looked  to for leadership, he came through in spades.   I recall mostly, I think, one of the strongest moments was, indeed,  during the Gulf war, Desert Storm, and his steady hand was what was  needed at a very perilous time for our allies and neighbors in the  Middle East who were counting on us, but also on the ability to keep  the coalitions that America had built over so many years and, indeed,  form that coalition to help us be successful on the world stage in that  effort.   He exuded leadership. I love the photograph--I think it is the best  of him. He is standing there in that bomber jacket, looking off in the  distance, and just that photo exudes confidence and gives us confidence  in him as a leader at that time when it was so very perilous.   He was a good man. He learned from mistakes that happened, and he  built upon them to be successful.   As a President and I think most importantly, he would say, as a  family man--indeed, when we all viewed the service for him last week  here, that beautiful family that he was so proud of really is a legacy  that he can be proud of, along with Barbara. That is the most important  legacy.   But also what he brought to the office--civility, it is something  that might be a little shorthanded in the dealings in Washington, D.C.,  these days. He brought civility, and he brought respect to the office,  the institution, and the interactions.   Indeed, his ability to work across the aisle, and post-Presidency,  work with people who had been his opponents previously for causes that  were bigger than all of us, he showed the way. He showed the light when  he talked about the thousand points of light and being able to  accomplish and help others post-Presidency.   His sense of adventure, jumping out of perfectly good airplanes at  each birthday or landmark birth date, that is something else. It makes  me smile.  [[Page H9813]]    Mostly, he had a sense of humor. You saw it in his son, George W., as  well. You see it all the time, but he could take a joke and give one  out.   Always one of my favorite things was his interacting with Dana Carvey  on the Saturday Night Live skits there and his playing along, because  he saw the fun in it. He saw the humor in it when people chalked him up  as a combination of John Wayne and Mr. Rogers in how he carried himself  and the whole ``na ga da'' thing. That he interacted with Dana Carvey  just showed what a well-rounded and great man this man was.   We are appreciative of the opportunity to commemorate him and his  service in all capacities and all phases of his life.   God bless him, and God bless the whole Bush family.   