 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, as a legislative body, one of Congress' core  responsibilities is to keep the government open and working for the  people. Another core responsibility is to help communities struck by  disaster to recover and rebuild.   The continuing resolution before us is not a sufficient response to  these vital needs. It includes only token disaster relief for rural  communities and farmers in middle and southwest Georgia that were  devastated by Hurricane Michael and other disasters that occurred in  2018.   It does not include a number of provisions that were being  negotiated. It only includes $8 million for impacted rural communities,  instead of $150 million.   It does not change the percentage recovery for crop losses from 85  percent for those with crop insurance to 90 percent and from 65 percent  for those without crop insurance to 70 percent.   It includes less than half of the estimated need for the Emergency  Forest Restoration Program, $200 million instead of $480 million.   It does not include the lower threshold for pecan tree mortality to  7.5 percent, but leaves it at the current level of 15 percent, which is  totally inadequate.   It does not include the most recent estimate for the Commonwealth of  the Northern Mariana Islands Disaster Nutrition Assistance, which is  $8.5 million instead of $9.3 million.   Finally, it does not include any of the $600 million for Puerto Rico  nutrition assistance.   Unfortunately, it does include significant funding for a misguided  and wasteful wall on our southwestern border. This wall would do  nothing to improve our Nation's security and is a serious misallocation  of taxpayer dollars. It should have been stripped from this important  legislation and considered separately.   Furthermore, this legislation is dead on arrival in the Senate.   We must do better. We must meet the significant needs of my Georgia  constituents and Americans across the country who are still rebuilding  from Hurricane Michael. We must pass a government bill that would avoid  the damage caused by a government shutdown.   I urge my colleagues to reject this bill.   