 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment  offered by the gentleman from New Mexico.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   This amendment and existing authority in the base bill establishes  so-called pilot programs on three national forests in New Mexico.   The pilot would exempt all logging activity from environmental review  and establish an untested arbitration system for anyone who wants to  object to an unauthorized project. While we are told that this is  necessary to promote forest health and mitigate wildfire, this sets a  dangerous precedent, with the potential to do lasting environmental  damage to over 3 million acres of national forests.   What this amendment calls a pilot program would upend critical  environmental safeguards and limit public participation in forest  management decisions. This is more like a management reorientation  project than a pilot project.   The omnibus bill passed less than 2 months ago, included a bipartisan  compromise to fix the wildfire budget and update forest management  authorities. The Forest Service has the tools it needs to restore our  national forests. Unfortunately, my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle would rather use the threat of wildfire to roll back bedrock laws  to increase commercial logging. This doesn't make sense in New Mexico,  or any other State.   Mr. Chairman, I urge a ``no'' vote on the amendment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment and the existing authority  in the base bill would also give unprecedented power to the Forest  Service to shield future final agency actions from any judicial review.  This is an extremely dangerous power to give any agency. Allowing an  agency to decide when and which actions to shield from oversight gives  them power to ignore the laws passed by Congress.   Under the language of this amendment, the Forest Service could  advance any plan and be relatively sure their internal hand-picked  arbitrator would approve it. Review by independent courts provides  oversight to ensure agencies are carrying out a statute according to  congressional intent. This check and balance ensures good governance  and prevents abuse.   Mr. Chairman, I urge a ``no'' vote on the amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the  gentleman's amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment that is being offered by the  gentleman. It is unwarranted and undermines one of the bedrock  environmental laws, the Endangered Species Act.   The first issue at stake is that my colleagues seem to imply that the  U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service does not already have the authority to  consider beneficial conservation actions already in place during the  section 7 consultation process under the Endangered Species Act. This  is simply not true.   The jeopardy analysis already takes into account the beneficial  actions that have been implemented when determining if a Federal  agency's activities would put a species in danger of extinction. Thus,  this part of the amendment is redundant and would only cause  uncertainty in the consultation process.   But perhaps more problematic is that this amendment includes a  requirement to consider future proposed conservation measures. The  keyword here is proposed. In no way are these proposals locked in  stone. There would be no way to know if these proposals would be part  of the final action.   The service always considers conservation measures. The service  considers proposed actions where they are reasonably certain to occur.  The service, however, should not include speculation about proposed  actions in the future. This amendment lowers the bar for species  protection and should be rejected.   Unfortunately for our imperiled wildlife, this amendment is not the  only way my colleagues across the aisle are attempting to undermine the  Endangered Species Act in this farm bill.   If this bill becomes law, a person could spray early spring  pesticides directly on endangered wildlife in the field, like the  whooping crane, for example, and it would be completely legal even if  some were killed.   Not to mention, these early spring pesticides are often acutely  toxic. Some pesticides are suspected to cause Parkinson's disease in  people, and others are likely to cause cancerous tumors. Imagine the  damage, not only to human life, but what it would do to our endangered  wildlife.   This bill also removes the requirement under section 7 of the  Endangered Species Act for the EPA to consult  [[Page H4224]]  with expert wildlife agencies on the impact of pesticides to threatened  and endangered wildlife.   Pesticides have caused the dramatic decline of numerous species of  birds, bees, fish, and butterflies. With the very existence of species  such as the monarch butterfly and the whooping crane at stake, it is  unconscionable to allow the EPA to approve the use of pesticides  without properly assessing the effects they have on hundreds of  endangered species across the country.   I cannot say this strongly or more frequently enough: the ESA does  not need to be reformed or modernized to work better. What it needs is  congressional support. Instead of rolling back critical safeguards and  introducing harmful anti-ESA riders like these, Congress should be  implementing measures to fully fund the act and protect species and  their habitats from permanent extinction.   We have a responsibility to be good stewards of our environment and  uphold the strong protections of the ESA. The American people deserve  to be able to experience their natural legacy for generations to come.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge a ``no'' vote on the amendment,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   