 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 985, I call up  [[Page H6155]]  the bill (H.R. 3281) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to  facilitate the transfer to non-Federal ownership of appropriate  reclamation projects or facilities, and for other purposes, and ask for  its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  include extraneous materials on H.R. 3281.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Today, the House is considering my bipartisan legislation, H.R. 3281,  which aims to streamline the process for the transfer of some of the  Bureau of Reclamation's projects to local beneficiaries who have or  will repay the Federal investment, and already operate and maintain  these projects. Transferring these simple projects, or parts of them,  will allow water districts and other local beneficiaries to leverage  non-Federal financing through ownership equity while, simultaneously,  decreasing Federal liability.   During committee consideration of this bill, we heard that the  current process is time-consuming, cumbersome, expensive, and  uncertain. This has proven to be a disincentive to many water users who  are now rightly asking for and deserving change.   However, it wouldn't be fair to heap all the blame on the agency.  Congress has done its fair share, slowing down some of these simple  title transfers.   Under current practice, every single transfer, regardless of the size  or scope, requires congressional authorization. I want to be clear to  my colleagues that this legislation does not remove congressional  oversight. In fact, this legislation includes a provision offered by  Ranking Member Huffman, of the subcommittee, that allows for  congressional review of any transfer authorized under this process.   Since my bill was introduced, we have seen the administration and the  Senate put similar proposals together to achieve the same goals as this  legislation that we are considering here today.   At the end of the day, my bill provides an optional process that  could be used to expedite simple title transfers. Any title transfer  can still use the existing process, if the participants prefer.   Now, despite what someone might say, this bill does not exempt any  action from NEPA, National Environmental Protection Act, or any other  environmental mandates.  [[Page H6156]]    To be crystal clear, I want to reiterate that this bipartisan  legislation requires that eligible projects comply with and satisfy the  NEPA process; any remaining Federal obligation be repaid by the  recipient; and that Congress be given a 90-day period to review and, if  opposed, to pass a resolution of disapproval.   The Bureau of Reclamation currently has the authority to transfer any  water project that would be authorized under this legislation. My bill  simply allows operators of these water projects throughout the West to  receive title to the projects they have paid for and are currently  maintaining, without subjecting them to having to get an act of  Congress.   Again, this legislation authorizes an optional process for an  expedited process for specific types of transfers.   My bill supports local infrastructure and gives local communities the  ability to seek private financing, through equity, to improve their  vital water infrastructure.   This bipartisan legislation is supported by the Family Farm Alliance,  Friant Water Authority of California, and the Kennewick Irrigation  District of Washington State.   I want to thank my colleague, Mr. Costa, for sponsoring this bill  with me, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I think I may have heard, and I think it could be a misstatement to  say, that this could have been a bipartisan bill. It is a bipartisan  bill. Now, it may not be unanimous, but it is a bipartisan bill. And  for that, I am glad.   I also thought I heard an emotional criticism of President Donald  Trump. This was an idea first proposed by Vice President Al Gore during  the Clinton administration in the 1990s, so it is not a new idea, by  any means. This is an idea that has been around for a while; Congress  just hasn't acted on it. We are using the same old, case-by-case basis  of doing transfers, which is cumbersome and works a hardship on the  local people and communities out in the West.   Now, for the allegation that this in some way shortchanges the  taxpayer, that is simply not true. I don't call it a giveaway when  someone gets title to something they have already paid for.   When my colleague goes to the car lot and buys a car and they give  him a  [[Page H6157]]  car, that is not a giveaway; he has paid for that. He should receive  title. He should receive ownership.   Facilities eligible for transfer under this process would be subject  to an agreement with the Bureau of Reclamation that would require these  projects to be fully paid off, based on the fair market value of any  outstanding obligation to the taxpayers. That is in the language of the  bill.   The bill specifically requires a qualifying entity to repay any  outstanding obligation to the Federal Government and compensate the  U.S. for any other income stream derived from the transferred  facilities.   Furthermore, Congress routinely authorized title transfers that have  already met many of the standards and financial safeguards established  by this legislation.   There is nothing new here. All the bill does is gets Congress out of  the way, and it removes a layer of bureaucracy.   In reality, any title transfers conducted under the authorities of  this act would relieve the American taxpayer of associated liability,  so it is a service to the taxpayers when they don't have to have  liability for an already paid-off project that the local community  takes over and assumes responsibility for.   In short, title transfers are already designed to recoup taxpayer  investment, and this bill would further protect the long-term financial  interests of the public.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from California (Mr. Costa).    Mr. Speaker, I would disagree that we have not put in  safeguards. We put in a safeguard that my colleague who just spoke  offered in committee.   He offered an amendment, and we adopted it in the spirit of fair play  and bipartisanship, that Congress be given a 90-day notice if there  ever were to be a transfer that we objected to, and we could do a  resolution of disapproval, stopping that transfer. If something was  wrong in the transaction, it was too big, multiuse, or whatever, we  have a way to stop that. That was the amendment that my colleague  offered, and we adopted that. So we have built-in safeguards.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Washington (Mr. Newhouse), who is an expert on many water issues  in the West.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, in response, I would just point out that the amendment  that we adopted in committee giving Congress the ability to, within 90  days, do a resolution of disapproval on any one of these transfers that  we have a problem with, was offered by my colleague. It was his  language. So it is something that I think he should approve of.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I, first of all, disagree with the characterization of  the safeguard that Mr. Huffman put into the bill as being flimsy and  phony. I think what Mr. Huffman proposed was legitimate.   This legislation also includes other multiple provisions to ensure  that stakeholders are consulted and protected throughout the title  transfer process. The bill requires that operations in use must remain  consistent after transfer of title. An entity seeking title transfer  must sign a written agreement with the Secretary in full consultation  with any existing water or power customer affected by the transfer.   Transfers must be consistent with the Secretary's responsibility to  protect land and water resources held in trust for a federally  recognized Tribe, and no conveyance under the act may adversely impact  power rates or repayment obligations.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to point out that my bill was introduced  way before any Trump infrastructure plan bill was introduced.  [[Page H6160]]    And, secondly, the idea in this bill comes from the Clinton  administration from 20-25 years ago. It was part of Al Gore's  reinventing government initiative. So it has a bipartisan history that  goes back decades. Emotional diatribes against the President, I think,  are not germane to what this bill is really all about.   I would like to conclude, Mr. Speaker, by pointing out that this also  has strong environmental protections. In no way is any environmental  law eroded, and it does not allow those who wish to pursue title  transfer to do so unless they adhere to Federal environmental statutes.  Section 5 of the bill simply states that the Secretary develop a  categorical exclusion process consistent with NEPA.   This section is in no way a NEPA waiver, nor is it a congressionally  mandated categorical exclusion. This provision simply requires the  Secretary to develop a checklist so that the agency can quickly  identify any possible conflicts with the Endangered Species Act or any  other environmental factors that need to be addressed in the NEPA  process.   Section 8 of the bill specifically states that after conveyance into  this act, the receiving entity must still comply with all applicable  Federal, State, and local laws and regulations.   Finally, I think it is worth noting two additional criteria set forth  in this legislation. The transfer must not have an unmitigated,  significant effect on the environment, and the receiving entity must  operate the property consistent with current operations under the  Bureau of Reclamation.   So any thought that there is an evasion of environmental protections  is simply false. At this point, I would urge my colleagues to support  this commonsense legislation. There are plenty of good safeguards that  are put into place on a bipartisan level. This is a bipartisan piece of  legislation with decades of support from both parties. I would urge my  colleagues to adopt H.R. 3281, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the  motion.    This motion, Mr. Speaker, is just a procedural gimmick  to delay passage of this important bipartisan legislation.   If the amendment made by this motion was of critical importance to  the minority, they could have offered this as an amendment when the  Natural Resources Committee marked up the bill or filed this amendment  with the Rules Committee. They did not in either case.   This bill is a commonsense, bipartisan bill that supports local  infrastructure and gives local communities the ability to seek private  financing through equity to improve local, vital water infrastructure.   Mr. Speaker, I urge rejection of the motion to recommit, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   