 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this rule for an  important resolution, S.J. Res. 57. I proudly sponsor the House  companion legislation to this Congressional Review Act resolution to  repeal ill-founded guidance issued by the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau relating to the dealer-directed auto lending market.   Mr. Speaker, only to a group of unaccountable bureaucrats in  Washington, D.C., would it make sense to raise the  [[Page H3793]]  cost of lending for some of the most vulnerable consumers while, at the  same time, claiming you are doing this edict to help them.   The indirect auto lending market, also known as dealer-directed  financing, is loans offered to car buyers in the dealership where they  are purchasing the vehicle, as opposed to direct auto loans which  consumers get from banks or other financial institutions.   Dealer-directed financing is an important option for consumers and  provides them and the dealership they are purchasing the vehicle from  with the flexibility to meet a consumer's needs based on their budget  and credit score.   In 2013, in an attempt to shut down this market, the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau, under the leadership of Richard Cordray,  issued this flawed guidance based on questionable ``disparate impact''  statistics. To justify this illegal and secretive edict, the CFPB  falsely accused honest automobile dealerships and the financial  institutions they work with of unproven violations of fair lending  practices.   The CFPB, through its own admission, noted a 20 percent error rate in  its data, and an independent audit of the data used to justify this  ruling showed an error rate as high as 41 percent.   If the CFPB had followed the law, most notably, the Administrative  Procedure Act, which requires public notice and comment on any pending  regulations, they could have been held accountable for their use of  deeply flawed data to justify a questionable regulation. To get around  the law, however, the CFPB issued the ruling as ``guidance,'' but then  proceeded to enforce this mandate as a Federal regulation. Through this  flawed attempt to take control of the $1.1 trillion auto lending market  by effectively barring dealer-directed financing, this Obama-era CFPB  ruling could raise the cost of auto loans by nearly $600 for each  consumer.   Let's be absolutely clear: discrimination of any kind, whether in  lending, housing, or other financial services, is morally repugnant and  also very illegal under various Federal and State laws, including the  Equal Credit Opportunity Act, or ECOA.   But what is also very wrong and illegal is when a rogue Federal  agency sidesteps the law and common sense by creating a false claim of  unfair lending practices with zero proof, transparency, or  accountability.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the hard work of Director Mulvaney in  undoing so much of the damage caused by his predecessor, but it is  critical we assist him by changing the law. Through passage of this  resolution, Congress will use its Article I powers and our authority  under the Congressional Review Act to strike down this flawed  regulation.   Once a regulation is repealed through passage of CRA resolution into  law, Federal agencies are barred from issuing a similar regulation in  the future. Through this resolution, we can assure that this Warren- Cordray-Obama attack on automobile dealerships and their customers will  never be revived by a future administration.    Just 2 years ago, a similar measure to rein in a flawed CFPB ruling  passed this Chamber with overwhelming bipartisan support. I hope this  continues to be a priority on both sides of the aisle, and I urge all  of my colleagues to support this rule.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise  in strong support of this important resolution, S.J. Res. 57.   I am the House sponsor of the companion legislation to this  Congressional Review Act resolution to repeal ill-founded guidance  issued by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau relating to the  dealer-directed auto lending market. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank  Chairman Jeb Hensarling for all of his amazing leadership on this very  important issue. I also want to commend my Senate counterparts on this  legislation: Senators Jerry Moran and Pat Toomey.   Mr. Speaker, for so many of my constituents, access to transportation  is key to their economic prosperity. And access to affordable credit is  what helps them get behind the wheel to get their kids to school, get  themselves to work, or to get sick loved ones to medical appointments.  That is why the 2013 assault by the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau on the dealer-directed auto finance market is so damaging to the  very people this rogue agency is claiming to help.   Indirect auto financing, also known as dealer-directed auto  financing, are the loans offered to consumers in the dealerships where  they are purchasing a vehicle. Dealer-directed financing is an  important option for consumers and provides them and the dealerships  they are purchasing the vehicle from with the flexibility to meet a  consumer's needs based on their budget and credit score.   The CFPB, under the leadership of Richard Cordray, in their classic  government-knows-best approach, decided in 2013, without consulting  Congress or following the law, that they had a problem with this well- known form of auto financing. They launched an unconstitutional and  illegal assault on honest car dealerships and the financial  institutions they work with, falsely claiming discrimination and unfair  lending practices.   The data to back up these egregious claims, through the Bureau's own  admission, was deeply flawed and had an error rate as high as 41  percent. That was according to an independent audit. Let me be  absolutely clear that any form of lending discrimination--whether based  on race, religion, gender, orientation, or creed--is absolutely  unacceptable and also totally illegal under various Federal and State  laws, including the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, or ECOA.   What is also illegal and wrong is how the CFPB went about issuing  this flawed mandate, labeling it as benign guidance, yet enforcing it  as if it was a true Federal regulation, all in violation of the  transparency and public comment requirements of the Administrative  Procedures Act.   Through passage of today's joint resolution, we will permanently  strike down this flawed CFPB mandate that attempted to virtually outlaw  indirect auto lending in the United States. Today's fight over this  important resolution may sound like a wonky policy debate, but to my  constituents, permanently repealing this flawed CFPB ruling may make  the difference between being denied or approved for an auto loan they  desperately need.   This CFPB decree is estimated to raise the cost of auto lending by as  much as $600 per consumer. That is not crumbs. And through passage of  S.J. Res. 57, we can also ensure that no future CFPB Director or  administration can revive it without the express permission of  Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I commend Director Mulvaney for working so hard to  repair the serious damage done by his rogue predecessor at the CFPB.  But at the end of the day, Congress must do its job by changing the  law. This has been a bipartisan priority in the past, and I hope that  all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will vote ``yes.''   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of S.J. Res. 57.   