 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, well, now that the Senate has concluded  its very divisive debate about the Supreme Court, it is time to talk  about the No. 1 issue to the American people: healthcare. We begin that  debate tomorrow, when the Senate will take up a Democratic motion to  repeal the Trump administration's effort to expand short-term insurance  plans.   Let me be clear. These so-called short-term plans are junk insurance.  Short-term plans are junk insurance. People who buy them are going to  be extremely disappointed because they bait the consumer in with low  prices but hardly cover anything. They might not cover maternity care,  mental health care, prescription drugs--you name it. Even worse, the  plans draw consumers out of the health insurance market, making it more  expensive for everyone else to purchase insurance, especially more  expensive for those with preexisting conditions.   That is why so many prominent patient and consumer groups have filed  a lawsuit against the administration's rule to expand these junk plans.  Groups like the American Cancer Society, the AARP, the Lung  Association, the Diabetes Association, and others that represent  millions of Americans with preexisting conditions have clearly said  that this is sabotage--sabotage--of the insurance market and will drive  up costs for millions of Americans.   So Senator Baldwin has introduced a CRA disapproval resolution--a  resolution brought under the Congressional Review Act--to repeal this  fundamentally misguided policy from the Trump administration. All of my  colleagues should vote for this, but I suspect my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle have a different idea because ever since taking  control of Congress and the Presidency, Republicans have deliberately,  relentlessly undermined Americans' healthcare.   This particular policy is part of a long campaign to sabotage our  healthcare system. Remember, nearly every Republican was silent when  President Trump canceled the program that helped low-income Americans  afford insurance. Remember, every Republican was silent when President  Trump directed his administration to stop helping Americans sign up for  the right policy. Remember, nearly every Republican was silent when  President Trump's Justice Department refused to defend protections for  preexisting conditions. A large number of Republican attorneys  general--some running for the Senate right now--were part of the Trump  administration's efforts to say it is just fine to get rid of  protections for those with preexisting conditions. Remember, nearly  every Republican voted to gut Medicaid, raise premiums on older  Americans, repeal protections for Americans with preexisting  conditions, and move us toward a future where 20 million fewer  Americans have healthcare. Remember, every single Republican voted to  repeal the coverage requirement and cause premiums to be much higher  this year than they needed to be.    So Americans, when you are paying more for insurance and you hate it,  when those deductibles go up, those copayments go up, and you say:  Where is the insurance that was supposed to protect me? I have taken so  much money out of my own pocket. It is hardly worth it. Look to the  other side of the aisle, and look at what your Senators have done, if  you come from a State where they represent you. As a result of the  Republican sabotage, premiums are up, out-of-pocket costs are up,  prescription drug costs are up, and the quality of insurance is down-- in many cases way down. Under this Republican President and this  Republican Congress, Americans are paying more to get lower quality  health insurance. Americans, under this President, this Congress, are  paying more to get less when it comes to health insurance.   Protections for preexisting conditions are under assault in so many  different ways. No wonder why, in poll after poll, Americans put  healthcare as the No. 1 issue in the upcoming election. Tomorrow the  Senate will have an opportunity to undo a portion of the Republican  campaign to sabotage healthcare.   In November, the American people will have a golden opportunity to  move our country in a dramatically different direction by voting for  Democratic candidates who will work to improve our healthcare rather  than so many of those Republican candidates who, in obeisance to the  big insurance companies, work to destroy it.   I yield the floor.   