 Mr. President, I am here to speak tonight because  something is not right. I want to express my real concern with the  recent decision of the national liver allocation policy made by the  Organ Procurement Transplant Network made on December 4.   This sounds like something that is far away and perhaps of no real  consequence, but the decision that was made has huge consequences on  every American and should be receiving more attention than it has to  date because the number of organs that are available for transplant and  where those organs will be available is being determined by this small  group of people.   The decision they made throws aside expert advice from transplant  surgeons and hospitals on best practices. It also carries the risk of  decreasing organ donation rates, as donors learn their organs will not  be used in their own communities but will be shipped someplace in the  country. Places in the country today have donor programs designed to  encourage donors to donate their organs, and part of that is the  understanding that those organs are going to be available for your  family, your friends and neighbors, and people within your community.   This decision limits the availability and access to donated organs in  areas that currently have low wait times and damages the ability of our  major transplant hospitals to perform these services for patients. In  December of 2017, following two rounds of public comment period and  extensive deliberation by the OPTN board, that board approved a  compromise allocation policy that served the transplant community's  best interests. This served as a policy reform that was worked out over  years to better benefit the entire country based upon compromise by  transplant experts, patients, and stakeholders.   However, the next year in 2018, a lawsuit was filed based upon the  HRSA allocation policies, and in the face of that single voice of  criticism, they disregarded years of work and compromise that was  reached the year before. It is unfortunate that the basis for this  policy change was litigation, not a determination of how best to  improve the Nation's organ transplant, procurement, and allocation  process. HRSA has rushed to respond to this lawsuit by abdicating their  duty to implement good policy, instead allowing a single case to divert  liver allocation policy across the entire United States.   In October, I had a meeting with Dr. George Sigounas, the  Administrator of HRSA. He described to me the importance of the comment  period on these policies and how seriously his Agency would take them,  especially considering that they were the very institutions and doctors  who would go on to perform these transplants.   Shortly thereafter, I was disappointed to learn these comments were  not comments made by the public, by these institutions, the doctors who  perform transplants--that these comments were not even considered by  the individuals tasked with crafting and advising the latest policy. In  fact, Sue Dunn, the president of OPTN, has informed a number of  commenters in the transplant community that their concerns over new  policy were not even read by the board that approved the new policy.  The reason these comments were not considered was due to the fact that  OPTN's comment system was so overloaded in the days leading up to the  decision that it caused a complete shutdown of that process.   So many transplant hospitals, surgeons, and medical professionals had  deep enough concerns that they took the time out of their day to  express them. These are the people tasked with saving lives through  transplants each and every day. Yet their opinions, in essence, were  deemed invalid. So many comments were submitted that the entire system  shut down, and OPTN's response was simply to ignore them.   Further, OPTN did not choose to reconsider their damaging policies in  the face of widespread opposition from the medical community. OPTN  continues to push forward against all common sense in their pursuit to  radically alter the way organs are distributed across the United  States. Decisions on national organ allocation should be grounded in  expert opinions rather than in a response to a single lawsuit. HRSA and  OPTN are making a grave mistake in pushing this damaging policy that  carries a significant cost--human lives.   In the meeting I had with Dr. Sigounas, as I indicated, he told me  these comments should not just be comments but present actual  suggestions of what the policy should be. I  [[Page S7885]]  know of institutions and organizations that did that, and to learn they  were disregarded causes me to have great concerns.   The Senator from Missouri, Mr. Blunt, and I have probed Secretary  Azar, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, on this subject, and  we are eagerly awaiting his justification for what appears to be a  major significant error. It appears that HRSA and OPTN making policy in  such a reckless fashion has become the normal state of affairs.  Additional oversight may be necessary to ensure that fairness in organ  allocation policy is protected and some common sense prevails in future  policy. I know there is a group of Senators who are working on  legislation to do just that.   I am very disappointed in the actions of HRSA, OPTN, and UNOS. This  process has been flawed from start to finish, guided not by what is  best for the country but how to sidestep a single lawsuit.   Organ procurement and allocation policy is too important. It is about  life and death and is too important to be simply decided by lawsuits  and countersuits, which I fear now will become the way of addressing  this issue.   I will continue to work to protect our hospitals, our doctors, and  particularly our patients--Americans--from this policy that disregarded  all input from those in the transplant community. This discussion  cannot be seen as anything coming to a close. It is far from over. I  remain committed to finding answers, changing the tide, and putting  patients and providers first in these life-or-death scenarios.   I thank you.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, a little earlier in the evening, we cast a  vote, one that was done without a rollcall, and I want my constituents  to know how I voted because, while I will put a statement in the  Record, it will not appear as yeas and nays.   Earlier this evening we passed a continuing resolution, and I voted  no. I want my constituents to know how I voted, and I want them to know  why.   I indicated to my colleagues within the last 10 days that I intend to  vote no on a CR because it is not the way we should be conducting  business in the U.S. Senate or in the U.S. House of Representatives.   Continuing resolutions mean that we are just postponing the issues we  face today, and they don't get any easier the longer we wait to resolve  them.   They also mean that for the appropriations process, of which I am a  part and have spent a significant amount of time this year, while we  were successful in many, many ways, we have left seven bills without  resolution. Because we couldn't resolve them, we are going to fund  those Departments and Agencies at the same level of spending next year  as this year.   What that means is after the number of hearings we had--the witnesses  who were brought in and testified, the oversight we have done onsite at  Departments and Agencies and facilities across the country--we are left  without that input being included in decisions. It means we are not  prioritizing what spending is important.   There may be a few things around here that could utilize additional  resources. Maybe the resources level that we fund things at today is  what it should be. Maybe there are things we shouldn't fund at all, and  there are certainly some things which we could fund at lower levels.  But no, we are not going to say that this is more important than this;  we are going to say all things are equal. The way we have funded  appropriations last year for these Agencies and Departments is exactly  the right amount it should be into the future.   Unfortunately, we have done CRs long enough that we are not just  talking about, is it right? What was right for last year is the same  amount that it should be for the next several months. It goes back  years. So what we are saying is that the decisions we made years ago  are the same priorities we would have today. That is not true.   Perhaps more compelling to me is that every time we pass a CR, we  lose the opportunity to utilize the power of the purse string to rein  in the behavior and actions of those who work in those Bureaus,  Departments, and Agencies. If Congress is always going to give a  Federal Agency the same amount of money in the future as it gave in the  past, there is no reason for those Agencies to pay attention to the  U.S. Congress, to the House and the Senate, to article I of the U.S.  Constitution, which gives the authority for appropriating money to fund  the Federal Government to this Congress. We abdicate our  responsibilities, and we reduce the opportunity on behalf of our  constituents--for me, on behalf of Kansans--to make certain that the  things they think are important are the things we fund, the things that  are constitutional are the things we fund, and we lose the opportunity  to tell an Agency by using the power of the purse string that when you  pursue this regulation, when you pursue this policy, when you make the  decision you make--Congress isn't going to have the leverage on you to  convince you to change your behavior. We lose the relationship that  exists under the Constitution for us to have power over those  Departments and Agencies in the executive branch.   Common sense tells us that if we determine how much money an Agency  or Department receives, they are going to be much more interested in  what we have to say, and if they don't listen to us, we have the  ability to remove the money, to eliminate the funding.   So tonight, in my view--and I believe this strongly--we missed an  opportunity. We have been in this process for a long time now. We set  out with the goal of passing all 12 appropriations bills individually.  The Appropriations Committee has done that. But they were not all  brought to the Senate floor. In fact, for the bills we are talking  about tonight, a continuing resolution was passed for them several  months ago, taking us to December 8.   At this point in time on December 8, we continued them until this  Friday, and now, tonight, we have continued the continuing resolution  with the same funding in the future as last--now for the third time in  2 months--to February 8. We are not doing what we are supposed to do,  and in this process, in my view, the opportunity existed.   We were very close to reaching an agreement. President Trump has  strong feelings about border security. President Trump was willing to  work with Congress to find a solution. Somewhere along the line--and  there are lots of folks who want to say where the blame lies--maybe it  was with Speaker-elect Pelosi; maybe she just is unwilling to allow  anything but a continuing resolution to pass. But the amount of dollars  we were apart is so minimal, and the policy issues had been resolved.  Yet, for some reason, we walked away. If she is the Speaker-elect of  the House, I urge her to deal with this issue of appropriations. It is  the power of Congress. Republicans and Democrats ought to work together  to fill our constitutional responsibilities.   Where are the days in which the Congress--Republicans and Democrats,  House and Senate--exhibited their prerogatives, not because we want  power but because the Constitution gives us the authority--the  responsibility, in fact--to make decisions about spending?   There is no glory in making a decision on spending when we say that  today's dollars are fine next week; they are fine the next week; they  are fine the next month. We were so close to coming together this year,  and it is disappointing that the end result is now a continuing  resolution until February 8.   I want my constituents to know that we have done this too many times.  Yes, there may be a time in which we want to have just a few days to  resolve the final differences. A few days is not February 8; a few days  is not now, for the third time. What we needed to decide months ago, we  pursued weeks later. What we should have decided weeks later, we failed  to address a week ago. Tonight, we failed once again to address the  issues of the proper amount of funding. Twelve appropriation bills  should march their way across the U.S. Senate floor, should march their  way across the House of Representatives floor, and should be sent to a  President for his or her signature or his or her veto.   The process that was exhibited this evening failed to allow me to  have my vote recorded as it normally is, and it is important for me,  for Kansans, and for Americans to know that I oppose the way we are  doing business tonight. It needs to change. We have said it before, and  if we always say that we can wait another 2 weeks, we can wait another  3 weeks, we will never get back to doing the work we are hired to do by  the American people.   I have voted no. It is the right vote.   