 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today, I rise once again to urge this body  to address the critical issue of securing the border and protecting  those young immigrants impacted by the uncertain future of the DACA  Program. Last week, I offered legislation to extend DACA protection for  3 years and provide 3 years of increased funding for border security.  Unfortunately, some of my colleagues chose to block that measure.   Let me first say, I understand and sympathize with my colleagues'  concerns. I, too, believe that DACA recipients deserve a permanent  solution, and I have repeatedly stated my strong preference for such a  measure. We have tried to find this permanent solution through  Republican-led bills, Democratic-led bills, and bipartisan bills. Yet  somehow, each time, we are incapable of finding a compromise that can  garner 60 votes. It is clear that we cannot achieve this goal right  now, and no one is more disappointed about that fact than I am.   I am the first to admit that this solution I propose is far from  perfect, but it provides a temporary fix to those crucial and critical  problems. It begins the process of improving border security, and it  ensures that DACA recipients will not lose protections or be left to  face potential deportation. These young immigrants, brought here  through no fault of their own, cannot wait for these protections.  Likewise, border communities, like those in my home State of Arizona,  cannot wait for increased security along the southern border.   As I have said before, we in Congress have too regularly confused  action with results and have become entirely too comfortable ignoring  problems when they seem too difficult to solve. That is why, if this  measure is blocked again today, I will be returning to the Senate floor  repeatedly until we can pass some sort of solution. To put it as  bluntly as possible, it is simply not something we can ignore any  longer.   I would like to again thank Senator Heitkamp for joining me as a  cosponsor of this bill. She has always been a valuable ally in  bipartisan efforts to secure the border and to pass other immigration  reform measures. We may not be able to deliver a permanent solution for  these problems at this time, but we can't abdicate the responsibility  of Congress to, at one point, solve them. There are many people whose  lives and well-being depend on our ability to deliver meaningful  results.   Therefore, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 300, H.R. 1551.  I further ask that the Flake substitute amendment at the desk be  considered and agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read  a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.   