 I thank the distinguished chair.   Mr. President, first of all, let me thank my good friend, the Senator  Indiana, for his great work on this and actually getting rid of half of  my speech. I think he started to go through, in very good detail, a  number of the new consumer protections that are put into this  legislation, and a lot of that is due to his good work.   The truth is, in a few days, we may actually do something that hasn't  been seen in a really long time--the Senate producing a meaningful  piece of legislation with a strong bipartisan coalition.   Now, neither side got everything they wanted. I compliment the  chairman for his good work, but as my friend from Indiana--you should  have seen the original list of wants of the Senator from Idaho. The  truth is, we are only here because, at the end of the day, we all went  back and recognized the people we work for--our constituents in our  respective States and, for that matter, Americans at large--one, they  want to see the Senate work; and, two, they want to see it work in a  meaningful way to protect people's lives. What this legislation will do  is, bottom line, make sure there is more access to capital on Main  Street by cutting some of the excessive regulations on community banks  and credit unions, as well as a number of the consumer protection items  and others that have been put forward. It also provides some relief for  regional banks and, as mentioned, major expansion of consumer  protections.   Let me also step back. As somebody who got to the Senate right after  the financial crisis, we all know the system needed stronger financial  reform a decade ago, and I am very proud of the role I played, in some  small way, on drafting Dodd-Frank. Title I and title II were areas that  then-Chairman Dodd gave me a great deal of responsibility.   Let me be clear that I will do nothing and support no legislation  that seriously undermines or cuts back on the provisions and the  systemic protections that were put in place by title I and title II  and, for that matter, for all of Dodd-Frank, but 8 years later--2 years  it took us to do the bill--there is widespread agreement that some of  the standards we set in Dodd-Frank needed time for review.   One of those was the standard we put in place at the $50 billion  threshold for enhanced prudential standards. We know, 8 years later,  that number is just too low. There is a legitimate debate about where  that standard should be reset, but recognizing that this standard was  set 8 years ago at $50 billion, if you just take inflation and growth  in the economy, it would be dramatically different. That is a view  shared by Federal Reserve Gov. Dan Tarullo, who is the architect of  much of the legislation implementing Dodd-Frank. It is also the view of  former Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen and current Reserve Chair Jay  Powell.   The fact is, there is an awful lot of difference even between some of  these regional banks and some of the largest six banks in our country.  At this point, they still control about 60 percent of all total assets.   If we don't do this legislation, what we will see--and this is where,  again, I have to disagree with some of my Democratic colleagues--is  there will be more pressure on consolidation, not only for community  banks and credit unions but, for that matter, more consolidation among  regional banks, which will place more and more power in those largest  of institutions, where I think we have pretty good protections and  protections that we don't want back at all in this legislation, but I  don't think we ought to encourage that greater consolidation. So,  again, we focus not only on community banks and credit unions but also  on some of these regional banks.   I want to make clear, what we have done is make no changes to the  applicability of enhanced prudential standards for the big banks with  assets above $250 billion. These are both the largest and, in many  ways, because of some of their products, the riskiest financial  institutions, and the full set of postcrisis regulations should apply  to  [[Page S1360]]  them, but we have required the Fed to tailor those standards  appropriately for banks with total assets between $100 billion and $250  billion. I want to highlight that the bill actually sets a very low bar  for the Fed to apply enhanced standards to regional banks.   Under the bill, the Fed can apply enhanced prudential standards to a  bank with assets larger than $100 billion for financial stability  reasons or to promote the safety and soundness of the bank--part of  their traditional prudential regulations as they stand, but I don't  think every enhanced prudential standard should apply to every bank  with assets larger than $100 billion. There is a broad agreement that  standards should be tailored for this group.   Again, let me cite someone whom most of the folks on this side of the  aisle, myself included, have a great deal of respect for: former Fed  Chair Janet Yellen. She called this bill ``a move in a direction that  we think would be good.''   More recently, Chairman Powell testified that the Fed will implement  standards over the next 18 months for banks with assets between $100  billion and $250 billion. Chairman Powell also testified that the  regional banks will continue to be subject to the most important  enhanced prudential standard: meaningful, strong, and frequent stress  tests. Those are his words, not mine. He called himself a strong  believer in stress testing. Again, let me say, so am I.   Critically, again, this bill does not change the existing requirement  that the Fed conduct annual stress tests on banks with assets larger  than $250 billion. I know I am getting into a lot of details, but  details in banking regulations are important. Again, unfortunately, I  don't think some of my colleagues who are in opposition to the bill are  setting out what this bill truly does or doesn't do.   Again, let me point out another thing on stress tests. The bill also  does not alter the comprehensive capital analysis and review or what  banking regulators call the CCAR process. The Fed capital planning  process is actually not part of Dodd-Frank, but it is another core  pillar of the Fed's supervisory regime. We believe it should continue  to apply as much as it does today.   So for banks within this $100 billion to $250 billion range, you have  not only CCAR, but you have the chairman himself saying he will put in  place--somewhat similar to the existing DFAST stress test--meaningful,  strong, and frequent stress tests. As has been mentioned as well, banks  with assets above $250 billion should expect to have the annual stress  test.   Let me touch on another subject, foreign banks. Another thing this  bill does not do is change the enhanced prudential standards applied to  the largest foreign banks' U.S. operations. This gets pretty technical,  but I think for the record it is important that it is reflected.   All foreign G-SIBs that have total consolidated assets greater than  $250 billion have enhanced prudential standards, and those enhanced  prudential standards will continue to apply to these largest and  systemic important foreign banks, and the Fed will continue to have the  authority to apply these enhanced prudential standards on foreign banks  with total consolidated assets of more than $100 billion.   So a large foreign bank--let's say Deutsche Bank, for example, that  had problems recently--that may have only $100 billion or less than  $250 billion of American assets, but the fact that their consolidated  balance sheet has greater than $250 billion will mean that the Fed will  continue to enhance the full G-SIB regulation.   Again, let's move to Chairman Powell. He was approved by 84 Senators  to this post--40 Democrats. He made clear in his Banking Committee  testimony that the Fed requires establishment of intermediate holding  companies by certain foreign banking organizations independently of  Dodd-Frank. Chair Powell made clear that nothing in this bill requires  any change to the IHC requirement. This is by design, as we believe the  IHC requirement is an important innovation that greatly helps  international holding companies. For those keeping track of these  comments, it is an important innovation that greatly helps the Federal  Reserve supervise and apply enhanced prudential standards to the U.S.  operations of foreign banks.   As explained by the Federal Reserve in its final rule, in applying  enhanced prudential standards to foreign banking organizations, there  were unique financial stability issues associated with some of the  large foreign banks' operations in the United States during the crisis.   We remember that it was some of the foreign banks and operations in  the United States that were part of causing the crisis back in 2008,  and those enhanced standards need to stay in place.   In that final rule and in other rules implementing prudential  requirements for the intermediate holding companies of foreign banks,  the Federal Reserve has distinguished between which standards should  apply to U.S. banks and the IHCs of foreign banks and how they should  apply it.   The Federal Reserve remains fully capable of assessing the unique  risks associated with large foreign banks' U.S. operations and applying  appropriate enhanced prudential standards on these institutions and  their IHCs, giving due regard to the principle of competitive equality,  while remaining focused on the mandate under this bill and under  section 165 of Dodd-Frank to protect financial stability and safety and  soundness.   This is the final point I want to make. I also want to make clear  that my support for section 402 in this bill--again, which deals with a  technical issue but a very important issue, the supplemental leverage  issue, which excludes deposits from the calculation of supplemental  leverage ratio for custody banks--this exclusion for custody banks,  those assets deposited within a central bank, such as the Fed, while we  are carving out this one exclusion, it does not mean that I support  removing other assets from the calculation of that leverage ratio.   Again, there is widespread agreement from former Governor Tarullo to  current Chair Powell that the leverage ratio should not be the binding  capital constraint on custody banks because of a unique business model  that relies on less risky business.   When the leverage ratio is the binding constraint on a business, it  encourages actually riskier activity and rewards making bets that tend  to decrease, rather than increase, safety and soundness. That gives the  wrong incentive. This bill will fix the narrow problem that exists for  custody banks and goes no further.   I personally say that I would have no support for any movement  further than what is narrowly carved out in this bill.   I know my friend the Senator from Vermont is here, and he will have a  different opinion on some of these issues, but I want to again thank  Senator Crapo. As well, I do hope we will have a chance to enter into  further colloquy on this debate and to further make clear for the  record both his and my support for strong capital, that our system is  stronger and, particularly for the largest institutions, that nothing  we are doing will reverse keeping American banks the strongest in the  world.   I know there are strong opinions on the other side. I look forward to  the continued debate. I look forward to a managers' package that I  believe will actually continue to expand certain areas around consumer  protections and other areas where there is broad-based general  agreement. I look forward to the conclusion of this debate and an  amendment process that again allows other issues to be vetted.   With that, I thank the chairman, and I look forward to further  discussions.    Mr. President, if I could ask the Senator a question--we  [[Page S1361]]  may come back for a more formal colloquy at some point. We are working  on some additional language to further reinforce this point.   I thank the chairman for his good work on this bill. I am thankful  for the fact that the legislative Record will reflect at least this  short conversation and other speeches and conversations which recognize  that a consolidated balance sheet of foreign banks, if they only have  $100 billion in assets in the United States but $1 trillion in total  assets, will still be subject to the enhanced prudential standards.   Again, I thank the chairman and look forward to continued debate.   