 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I have just a few observations. The Supplemental  Nutrition Assistance Program is a good program. It is the number one  food assistance program our country has. And it has gotten families  through tough times, for sure. The truth is, most people who use SNAP  aren't on it very long. They find themselves in a rough patch. They use  SNAP. They get off.   Programs that impose artificial timelines and kick people off or deny  them or have work requirements, ignore the fact that people do not get  on SNAP to stay on SNAP unless they are too young, too old, or too sick  to work.   Generally, people are trying to get jobs. The irony of this is that  from a Republican standpoint, it seems like they are happy to give  really, really rich people money without any expectations. And, yet, if  a low-income person needs some help, money from the government, now all  of a sudden we have got to put all kind of restrictions and all kind of  waits on it.   Why does help and assistance from the government not ruin rich  peoples' worth ethic, but it seems in the Republican mind to ruin the  work ethic of working people and low-income people? It is totally  ironic. It must be premised on the myth that somehow species of  humanity are different from one another, and they are just not. People  are the same.   I want to just point out as well, that if you really want to do  something meaningful, why don't we pass legislation that would stop  fast-food companies from conspiring with each other to restrict wages?  There are two bills that got introduced. One is an antipoaching law  that means that the employers can't come together and agree that they  are not going to hire each other's workers if they leave looking for  better pay, and the other one is a provision that would ban this  process of noncompete clauses for people who work in fast-food.   These two bills together conspired to restrict the pay of working  people. They keep wages down. What if we did real antitrust legislation  and stopped huge companies from dominating the entire market, creating  a single buyer, a monopsony, which then has the power to hold people  down?   I just got through talking to some employees at Toys-R-Us. Their  company was bought by some private equity firms. A lot of debt was  piled on to them. The bonuses were given out to the top management.  They took off on their golden parachutes. The company goes through  bankruptcy, and now it is closing 800 stores and laying off 30,000  people.   The bottom line is: SNAP helps people in tough economic times. If  they are able-bodied, I am sure they want to work. They don't need  these punitive kicks to go to work. They just need an opportunity to  get back up on their feet. These programs are insulting, demeaning,  unnecessary, and they shouldn't exist.   If we really want to give working people an opportunity, let's  increase the minimum wage to $15 an hour. Let's support the Employee  Free Choice Act which can give them a voice on the job so they can  negotiate with their employers for better wages.   It seems like Republicans don't want to do anything to meaningfully  change the lives of working people, but, work requirements, drug tests,  all this sort service moralistic stuff, it doesn't work. It is a waste  of money and there are way better ways to do what you say you are  trying to do.   