 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the tragedy in  Parkland and the responsibilities of the Senate to try to make our  communities safer. I am going to talk very personally about my own  experience in confronting gun violence as a mayor of an urban area,  Richmond, VA, and as the Governor of the Commonwealth of Virginia.   I will start by saying, I am a gun owner. I am a Second Amendment  supporter. When I was an attorney in private practice, I was the lawyer  who worked with an effort to amend the Virginia constitution to  guarantee Virginians the right to hunt and fish. The Second Amendment  and private gun ownership is an important part of our framework. I  support it, but I obviously believe that we can do things consistent  with the Constitution that will make our Nation safer, and I ask my  colleagues to join in that effort.   When I was elected to the Richmond City Council in 1994, Richmond, at  that time, was only on one top 10 list that I am aware of. It is not  the one you want to be on. We had the second highest homicide rate in  the United States. We were not a high-crime area generally, if you  looked at all crime, but in homicides and aggravated assaults--assaults  committed with weapons--we were unusually high. The weapons of choice  in these homicides and aggravated assaults were guns.   I remember very early in my time at the city council getting called  to a neighborhood, Gilpin Court, which is a public housing community in  my city council district. There had been a gun crime that killed an  entire family of five--adults and little children.   Over the course of my 8 years of working in local government, I went  to too many crime scenes and funerals and wakes. In some ways, the  things that were the most memorable were the meetings in church  basements of the families of homicide victims. We embarked upon a set  of strategies to make our communities safer. Amidst all the bloodshed  and the tears, we actually found strategies--some dealing with  reductions in guns, some dealing with law enforcement strategies, some  dealing with police and community relations. We found strategies that,  over the course of about 8 years, reduced the  [[Page S1300]]  homicide rate in Richmond by 60 percent and the aggravated assault rate  by an equivalent number.   Out of the pain, what we learned is you can actually take concrete  steps that will make your community safer and that will reduce gun  violence. You will not eliminate it. That is beyond our power as humble  people to do, but you can reduce it. If you know you can, then you  must. You have a responsibility to do what you can.   I was elected Governor of Virginia in 2005, and I will never forget  April 16, 2007. I had just embarked on a trade mission. I had landed in  Japan with a delegation to recruit business to my State. I had gone to  the hotel, and I got a call after midnight from my chief of staff, who  said: There is a shooting under way at Virginia Tech.   I said: Book me on the next flight home. I have been here for just a  few hours on what was going to be a 2-week trade mission, but let me  fly back home.   I flew back to what, at the time, was the worst shooting in the  history of the United States. In April of 2007, 32 people were gunned  down on the campus of Virginia Tech by a deranged youngster who had  been adjudicated mentally ill and dangerous and was thus prohibited  from having a weapon. But because of glitches and flaws in the  background check system, he had been able to purchase multiple weapons,  and he committed that horrible crime.   I empaneled a commission. I told them: Let the lawyers and lawsuits  be damned. I want to know everything that went wrong, and I want to  make public everything that went wrong and everything we can do to fix  it. Over the course of a number of months, they produced a report with  hundreds of recommendations.   The recommendations were about campus safety. The recommendations  were about mental health, but there were also recommendations about  fixes to our State and Federal gun laws to reduce the risk of this  happening. I was able to make some changes on my own as an executive. I  took other changes to my legislature that they rejected.   Again, out of the painful situation--and it is a funny thing to say  about your own State, about my State of Virginia, about a place I love  like Virginia Tech--I always hoped it would be the worst. I had always  hoped that would have been the worst shooting in the history of the  United States, but the Pulse nightclub shooting and the Las Vegas  shooting now have claimed more victims. Other shootings, like those in  Newtown and now Parkland--if the number of victims aren't the same, the  tragedy is nevertheless of equal magnitude.   We learn through pain that you can make changes and improve. When I  fixed a piece of the background check system flaw, it made us safer. It  reduced the risk of gun violence and gun deaths.   My experience as mayor and Governor were painful, but I learned a  lesson in both, which is you can take steps, including steps dealing  with the rules about firearms that will make your communities safer.  That is a powerful thing. You can take steps that will make communities  safer.   I dealt with three lies--three falsehoods--over the course of these  efforts as mayor and Governor, as I tried to help us take steps to make  us safer.   The first lie was it is not about guns. It is about mental health; it  is about other things. But that is just false. Equally false would be  if we said that it is only about guns. That would be false as well. To  say it is not about guns is a lie perpetrated by an organization  headquartered in Virginia, the National Rifle Association. It turned  out to be false.   The key to reducing the homicide rate in Virginia ultimately was that  we embraced strategies to reduce the gun carry rate. That is a phrase  that law enforcement professionals use for the percentage of time where  people, in normal interactions with the police, are found to be  carrying a weapon. In Virginia, the gun carry rate was unusually high,  and that meant when something broke bad or there was an argument, there  would often be an aggravated assault or homicide committed with a  weapon. We undertook strategies that drove down the gun carry rate.  That didn't make bad people good people, but it made it more likely  that when things broke bad, there wouldn't be an aggravated assault or  a homicide.   So it was about the guns. That is the first lie or falsehood that  gets perpetrated: It is not about guns. It is not only about guns, but  it is definitely about guns.   A second lie or falsehood perpetrated by the same organization is  that they would always say: You can't improve. They would say: That  will not solve every problem. You can't solve every bit of gun violence  if you do this. They would say this over and over again with any  shooting. They would point out the number of things that wouldn't have  stopped it, as if not being able to eliminate gun violence means that  you shouldn't do anything to try to reduce gun violence. That is just a  lie or a falsehood. I have learned from my experiences that if you take  steps, you can make communities safer.   The third lie or falsehood we had to confront repeatedly from the  National Rifle Association was that gun safety rules violate the Second  Amendment. That is just flatout wrong. In fact, the Second Amendment is  the only amendment whose text even uses the word regulation. The need  for a well-regulated militia gives individuals the right to bear arms.   What does the term ``well-regulated'' mean? It is not a reference to  the length of somebody's beard or the kind of hat they should wear.  There is an understanding that firearms are dangerous, and if  individuals are to have the right to have them, there also must need to  be some appropriate level of regulation. We are familiar with this in  the rest of the Constitution.   I am passionate about the First Amendment. There should be freedom of  the press, but you can't just libel or slander without consequence. The  Framers, Madison and others, who put these amendments together,  understood that the amendments to the Constitution included some  limitations because we have to live together, not just as individuals  who are free agents, but we have to live together in society.   Those three lies--it is not about guns; we can't do anything about  it; and the gun rules violate the Second Amendment--are wrong.   I came to the Senate after the shooting in Sandy Hook. The first  meaningful debate we had after I came here was whether we would do  something to respond to this horrible carnage of kids in an elementary  school.   The Presiding Officer was not in the Senate. I know you followed this  as a citizen. I remember standing here in this Chamber in April 2013,  casting a vote on a bill that I thought would have been a very good  bill to do background record checks. We were surrounded in the Chamber  by Sandy Hook families. Many of them were sitting next to Virginia Tech  families who had come to be in solidarity with them. There was a  feeling of despair, with them around, that was like the great cloud of  witnesses referred to in the letter of Paul to the Hebrews. We fell  short. They were praying for us to succeed, and we fell short. In the  aftermath of that horrible tragedy, this body did precisely nothing.   Well, now we have experienced yet another horrible tragedy. There  have been others since Sandy Hook, but it is my deep hope that after  this horrible shooting in Parkland, something may be different in this  body. The reason I think this one might be different is that these  students are standing up and challenging us. The children of our Nation  are asking adults to be adults. They are asking us to look in the  mirror. They posed the question starkly: What is more important to you,  your children or campaign contributions from an interest group?   I think the advocacy of the children of Parkland who suffer, not only  their advocacy but the advocacy of students all over the United  States--I have held meetings with Moms Demand Action in Richmond and  Northern Virginia in the last couple of days, and many students were in  these meetings. The advocacy of students and their challenge to us may  show us a way.   I will conclude with a story that gives me hope and that suggests  there may be some resonance to this moment. Sometimes there is a  movement, but there isn't a moment. Sometimes the movement needs a  moment to achieve a victory.   Fifty-five years ago, in the spring of 1963, Dr. Martin Luther King  was trying to desegregate public accommodations in Birmingham, AL, with  the  [[Page S1301]]  Southern Christian Leadership Conference. He had been going from  community to community. In some places, they were able to desegregate  public accommodations relatively easily. Other places were tough but  none tougher than Birmingham. At drug stores and department stores, Dr.  King and others would have adults go sit in--African Americans and  their allies--and be arrested. Yet wave after wave of arrests  notwithstanding, including the arrest of Dr. King, the city leaders  would not back down. They would not shed the discrimination that  violated the equality provisions of the Constitution.    As this was going on, children in the Birmingham schools started to  come to Dr. King and say: We want to march too.   Dr. King and his lieutenants really struggled with this. They were  parents. They didn't want their kids to be arrested. They didn't want  their kids to face guard dogs attacking them. They didn't want their  kids to face firehoses directed at them. They had a natural parental  reaction: We are going to do this; we want to protect you.   But the children kept coming and saying: We want to march too.   Finally, they said: Isn't this about us? As much as it is about  adults, isn't this about us, your children? And if it is about your  children, why can't we march?   Dr. King, after a lot of prayer and discussion, finally said: It is  about you.   Mr. President, you know this, and for our pages especially, it was  those children advocating--and they marched, and they did have  firehoses turned on them, and they did have guard dogs released on  them. The photos of those children braving that ugly face of  discrimination landed on the front pages of papers all over the United  States and all over the world, and it was transformative of the civil  rights movement.   Adults in the Untied States knew there was discrimination, but they  had become complacent to it or indifferent to it or had even said: I  think it is wrong, but it will probably never change. But their  children demanded of them: Adults, just be adults. Adults, you say you  care about children; prove to us you care about children. And when the  adults of America were confronted with the example of their own young  people, they had to shake themselves out of their complacency and  indifference and shoulder the burden that adults must shoulder.   That is what these students at Parkland are saying to us now. That is  what these students all over the country are saying to us now. They are  saying: This is about our future. This is about your children. And they  are asking us whether children matter more or political contributions  matter more.   I urge my colleagues, finally, let's not produce another goose egg in  this body. Let's not come together after a horrible tragedy--when there  are meaningful steps, such as background record checks, that we can put  on the table to make us safer--and fail them yet again.   I ask my colleagues and especially the majority leader to enable us  to have this debate on the floor so that we can take meaningful steps  of the kind that we know will make our communities safer.   I yield the floor.   