 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  holding this Special Order hour to talk about a very critical policy  and issue for our country.   Mr. Speaker, nuclear energy is a critical component of the United  States' energy matrix. It is no secret that I am passionate about  energy independence and nuclear energy as an essential, emission-free,  domestic source of electricity.   As we create nuclear energy, we also create nuclear waste. In my  district, the Oconee Nuclear Station run by Duke Energy in Oconee  County, South Carolina, has 40 years' worth of nuclear waste sitting at  the site. Without a permanent geological repository, nuclear waste will  continue to pile up at reactors in South Carolina and all across the  Nation.   There is currently estimated to be about 4,500 tons of spent nuclear  fuel in temporary storage in South Carolina from commercial reactors.   Furthermore, there are more than 10,000 tons of military and research  nuclear waste at the Savannah River site, just outside my district.   Nuclear waste sits idle and is stored in dry casts and wet pools in  121 communities across 39 States. It is imperative that we pass  Chairman Shimkus' legislation, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act,  to reform our country's nuclear waste policy and utilize Yucca Mountain  as our main point of nuclear storage.   Having nuclear waste dispersed across the country and close to highly  populated areas makes zero sense, and is an unnecessary and avoidable  risk.   The depository at Yucca Mountain, after decades of research, has been  independently verified to safely dispose of spent nuclear fuel for a  million years. It is the law of the land. It is a perfect site for  this.   We as a country need to embrace the law of the land. It is a long- term stable storage facility at Yucca Mountain in Nevada. After all the  scientific research and money taken from ratepayers, it is time to move  forward.   It is sad that this project has been mothballed because of politics  and has been used as a political football at the expense of the  American ratepayers.   What do I mean by American ratepayers paying for this?   U.S. ratepayers have already paid the Federal Government over $40  billion to develop Yucca Mountain, and currently all U.S. taxpayers are  paying over $2 million a day because we have not yet fulfilled our  legal obligations. Ratepayers are quite literally paying something for  nothing.   Ratepayers in my State of South Carolina have already paid $1.3  billion in fees, which were intended to pay for a functioning Yucca  Mountain nuclear waste repository. Ratepayers in other States which  utilize nuclear commercial energy have paid billions more.   It is time to put politics aside. Authorize what Congress has already  approved and paid for by Americans. Yucca Mountain should not have  taken this long to become a reality; not after colossal amounts of  money have been poured into this infrastructure project.   Members on both sides of the aisle, as you see tonight, are  supportive of authorizing the use of Yucca Mountain through the Nuclear  Waste Policy Act Amendments. It voted out of the House Energy and  Commerce Committee by a vote of 49-4. Let's not let the politics of a  few get in the way of reforming our nuclear waste policy and ensuring  Americans get what they have already paid billions into.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership, and I look  forward to working with him to move this forward.   