 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is not often I get to come to the U.S.  Senate with an uplifted heart, but today I do. Yesterday, two-thirds of  this body got together on an issue that is so important to Main Street  America and agreed.   After weeks of negotiation and going back and forth, we passed a  bipartisan banking bill, and I believe historians will look back on  this week and this bill as being a watershed event. It was a measured  bill. It didn't blow up Dodd-Frank; it didn't do away with it. It  didn't go as far as some people wanted; it did more than others wanted,  but two-thirds of us put the national interests above our own self- interests and passed a bill that will change the face of lending for  small community banks and regional banks across our country.   Last year, when President Trump became President, he said: Job one is  growing the economy. After 8 years of the lowest economic performance  in our history, he knew that if you are ever going to deal with the  long-term debt crisis we have, you have to first grow the economy. He  was right. His instincts were exactly right on.   So what did we focus on? The President had us focus on regulations,  energy, and taxes. I am happy to tell you, this body collectively  agreed, and we got those things done. We reversed 860-some rules and  regulations last year. We unleashed our energy potential, as the  Presiding Officer knows very well. Late last year, we passed an earth- shattering, historic tax cut and tax modification bill that will  unleash our potential and make us competitive with the rest of the  world.   Why was all that necessary? Well, we had gone through an experiment  where Big Government--more regulation and more control--was the call of  the day, and we saw the result of that. So what we have been doing is,  in a measured way, reversing many of those onerous fiscal policies that  kept the monetary policy from igniting the economy again. That is all  this is.   At the beginning of last year, some $7 trillion almost was not at  work in our $20 trillion economy. That is historic. That is  unbelievable. You can't even describe that to people outside this  country. There was some $2 trillion on the balance sheets of the  Russell 1000. That is now being employed. We see announcements every  week where companies are announcing capital plans, capital expenditure  plans, for the next few years largely as a result of the pullback on  regulations last year.   Second, we see that by eliminating our archaic repatriation tax that  was part of the tax bill, there is some $3 trillion of unrepatriated  U.S. profits overseas, and most of that will be coming back. The  banking bill we just did that reverses some of the more onerous  provisions of Dodd-Frank on small banks and community banks will free  up some $2 trillion potential in lending capacity. I think this is  historic.   After Dodd-Frank, we created a two-street economy: We had Wall Street  and we had Main Street. I have a chart here that explains. This happens  so often in Washington, where well-intended people who have very little  experience in the free enterprise system make decisions that have  unintended consequences--and this is one. Dodd-Frank was intended to  rein in and control the big banks. Yet what it did inadvertently was  penalize the small banks and make big banks better business.   This chart calls out--the way I would measure this is the lending  activity. The dark blue line here shows, since the 2008 crisis, large  business loans coming out of the major money-centered banks have  increased dramatically. Even that hasn't driven the recovery we talk  about because a lot of the job creation comes in smalltown America and  small companies.   This light-blue line is small business loans, less than $1 million.  We are not even back to where we were in 2008. We will be, now that  this bill just passed, because it releases or changes the reserve  requirements for small and community banks and regional banks. It also  changes the definition of what is a regional bank and increases it to  $250  [[Page S1747]]  billion from $50 billion. That lowers the regulatory burden and the  cost of compliance for these small banks. That gets translated into  money flow--cashflow--into businesses that create jobs.   This is an innovation economy. We know how to create jobs. We just  need to get the Federal Government out of the way. One-size-fits-all  regulations do not work. Yesterday, we pulled back on a blunt  instrument law--Dodd-Frank--done with a supermajority, by the way.  Dodd-Frank was totally ineffective and got the opposite result of what  they really wanted.   Those small banks and community banks did nothing to cause the 2008  and 2009 crisis, but since Dodd-Frank was enacted, over 1,700 small  banks, primarily, have gone out of business--1,700--many because they  were unable to cope or afford to comply with the 2,319 pages and 390  new regulations imposed by Dodd-Frank. Let me say that again: 390 new  regulations were imposed by Dodd-Frank. My goodness.    These small banks had nothing to do with the crisis of 2008. Many of  these banks were community and regional banks that actually support  small businesses on Main Street, give small businesses the needed  capital, and sponsor Little League baseball parks. I grew up in a  Little League baseball park sponsored by the three banks in my  hometown. My father was a board member of one of those small banks. I  remember those days. They were involved in the community. When you  borrowed money from them, they knew you personally. What we have done  is created an environment that just shut down lending activity in these  small banks.   Small business lending--which we all know is a driver in every  recovery since World War II--took nearly 8 years to barely get back to  where we were in 2008, and I am not sure we are totally there, if you  go across the board, entirely.   I am so glad to stand here and say that finally the U.S. Senate took  action. I am also proud to say, even though it didn't go as far as I  would like, that we got to a measured approach here that both sides  could agree.   I remind everybody in this body that two-thirds of us agreed to this.  I can't think of another issue that has come before this body. I think  we had one vote, 98 to 2, to allow the head of the VA to run his human  resources practices the way people in the real world do, and we have  seen over 1,500 people now replaced at the VA to clean that place up. I  can't think of another thing that has brought us together like this  because we all know small banks have been inappropriately affected by  Dodd-Frank.   Republicans and Democrats proved this week, and over the past several  weeks, that we can put our self-interests aside and get to the better  good. I am proud to be a part of this. That is why I ran for the  Senate. That is why the Presiding Officer ran. We didn't come up here  to not get anything and to just get reelected. The American people are  fed up. That is how Donald Trump got elected President. That is how I  got elected.   I would dare say, the American people have the right idea about the  future of America, if we would just listen to them. Nobody has all the  right answers, but freeing up capital right now to put to work in our  economy is the only way we are going to grow this economy north of 3  percent, and I believe we can breathe life back into our rural  communities.   I had lunch yesterday with the Secretary of Agriculture. They are  focused on redeveloping our rural communities that have been ignored  for the last decade. These communities share the values that built  America. Yet they have been ignored by past administrations that led to  big city, big urban focus. I think this bill, more than anything else  we have done since I have been in the Senate, will actually breathe  life back into those rural communities.   I applaud our Democratic partners across the aisle. Seventeen of them  took the heat from their own party and from K Street and from the  vested lobbyists who did not want this to happen. I applaud them for  their courage and for standing up for the people back home. That is  what we are here to do. It doesn't always work out this way, but  sometimes 15 or 16 of our Republican Party will work with them and get  a bill they want to do. That is what this Senate body is supposed to  do.   I know there are some on the other side of the aisle who really want  a one-size-fits-all bigger government and more intrusion. We heard the  speeches this week: It is going to be so draconian. They just don't  understand how this bill will breathe life back into capital formation,  which is the cornerstone of a capitalistic society, but I believe most  people in America have seen the dark side. They have seen the punitive  nature of large regulatory bodies by a Federal Government that wants to  dominate every aspect of our life, and Dodd-Frank was one of the  ramifications of that--accomplished, as I said, only during a  supermajority.   The irony of Dodd-Frank is that it is just another example of  Washington overreach that hurts the very people it claims to champion  and fails to help the working middle class. We see from this chart,  large businesses had no problem getting loans, but the small startup  entrepreneur is having trouble today, and that is what this bill goes a  long way toward helping to alleviate. Small businesses should look at  this and say: We are back in business. We are open for business. I  believe this will breathe life back into many communities around our  country.   Community and regional banks and, by extension, communities and small  businesses across the country have been unduly punished for something  they had nothing to do with. It is time to correct that, and this bill  does that.   I am proud to be a Member of the U.S. Senate today. I haven't said  that many times here. I am proud because we took action, we put our  self-interests aside, and this is exactly the kind of result the  American people want us to deliver.   This rollback--which I believe is very measured--combined with last  year's regulatory rollback, President Trump's steps to unleash our  energy potential and, yes, our historic tax bill, go a long way to be a  big win for our economy. It sends a message to the rest of the world.   I am hopeful the House is going to pass this bill as soon as possible  and that President Trump is going to be able to sign it into law very  soon. President Trump has a vision for America. It is born out of Main  Street America. I believe this puts us back on the track to greatness  and leadership in the world economically, socially, politically. It is  the right thing to do for our country. It is the right thing to do for  every person in America.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   