 Mr. Speaker, I want to say I am going to miss both the  chairman and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Ross) after they leave  this term.   I am going to try to address the ranking member's timing issue, but  the fact is that much of this bill simply codifies what FSOC's current  process is and, thus, is not changing that timing.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4061, the Financial  Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act of 2017, which would  enhance transparency and procedural fairness for the nonbank  systemically important financial institutions designation process.   Dodd-Frank created FSOC and charged it with identifying risks to the  financial stability of financial companies that would pose a threat to  our overall financial stability. The problem with this is that FSOC has  the authority to designate a nonbank financial institution, such as an  asset manager or an insurance company, and subject the institution to  heightened prudential supervision and regulation by the Federal  Reserve.   All you hear from the other side is that this is about megabanks. It  is the exact opposite. It is about these insurance companies and these  asset managers and broker dealers.   In 2014, FSOC designated MetLife, a life insurance company, for  ``heightened prudential supervision'' by the  [[Page H3124]]  Federal Reserve. However, in 2016, a Federal district court rescinded  FSOC's SIFI designation of MetLife, finding that it was ``arbitrary and  capricious'' and that the FSOC had ``made critical departures'' from  its own standards from making designation determinations.   Now, I wasn't there when Dodd-Frank was created, but I have been  dealing with the echo effect of it for the last 7 years, and I don't  believe this is what Congress intended. I don't believe that the  architects--in fact, I can't believe that the architects--of Dodd-Frank  intended for bank regulators to rewrite the rules of insurance  companies.   As The Wall Street Journal wrote: ``It's as if a committee of  baseball umpires rewrote the rules of football despite protests from  the NFL players, owners, and referees.''    Let me give a personal example. My political science degree should  then qualify me to be a chemical lab scientist. Hey, they both have  science in the title.   It doesn't make sense.   In fact, even Barney Frank, the law's namesake, told Congress that,  in general, he did not believe that companies ``that just sell  insurance'' should be designated as systemic.   Well, today we have the ability to right the ship. By passing this  important bill, Congress has the opportunity to bring about  commonsense, bipartisan reforms to this designation process. And this  is what American, hardworking taxpayers expect out of us: an ability to  find a solution.   Specifically, the Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement  Act of 2017 would amend the Dodd-Frank Act to require FSOC to determine  whether to subject a U.S. or a foreign nonbank financial company to  supervision by the Federal Reserve, must consider the appropriateness  of imposing heightened prudential standards as opposed to other forms  of regulation to mitigate identified risks to the financial stability.  In other words, as my friend from Florida said, don't go butterfly  hunting with a sledgehammer.   H.R. 4061 directs FSOC to reevaluate, both annually and periodically,  final determinations of systemic risk regarding a nonbank financial  company under supervision.   Finally, the bill directs the FSOC to study the impacts of its  determinations to nonbank financial companies to Fed supervision and  prudential standards and whether such determinations have the intended  result of improving domestic financial stability every 5 years.    I would like to commend the bipartisan work of my  colleagues and friends, Representative Ross and Representative Delaney.  They have done a great job on this. Their bipartisan approach enhances  the ability of FSOC to mitigate risk, a very important element, but it  also ensures that affected nonbank--again, nonbank--financial  institutions are afforded the opportunity and the ability to question  and engage--not veto, but to question and engage--the FSOC prior to a  final SIFI designation being made.   This is good work that gives hardworking taxpayers a solution, and  this is what they expect: commonsense, bipartisan solutions. I  encourage all of my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this important bill.   