 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today I rise to address an issue that  probably is not of great concern to the citizens of Arizona, but,  certainly, it is of a lot of concern for people who happen to live on  the east coast and the west coast of our Nation.   I join my colleagues on both coasts in opposition to the Trump  administration's recent proposal to open up parts of the Atlantic and  Pacific Oceans and the Gulf of Mexico to more oil and gas drilling. For  a long time, I have advocated for an ``all of the above'' strategy to  meet our country's energy needs, as we move our country toward greater  energy efficiency and the use of renewable energy and to energy  independence. In my view, the administration's recent proposal to  expand drilling off of our coasts into new areas is not necessary at  this time. It is unnecessary at this time.   Just 8 years ago, we saw very clearly with the Deepwater Horizon  disaster that oilspills do not respect State boundaries and that severe  environmental and financial costs of oilspills last, in some cases, not  just for years or decades but for generations. A spill anywhere along  the east coast could easily affect the pristine beaches of Delaware and  the vibrant coastal communities that rely on fishing, tourism, and  recreational activities to drive their local economy.   Delaware's coast isn't all that long. It is about 25, 30 miles, from  the Maryland line to just north of Lewes, DE. Each year, Delaware's  coasts generate almost $7 billion. Our beach communities in places like  Rehoboth Beach, Dewey Beach, and surrounding areas support nearly  60,000 jobs in a little State with not quite 1 million people. It  supports $711 million in tax revenues. Again, the State budget is right  around $4 billion. Delaware may be a small State--I like to say we are  the 49th largest State--but we have a lot of coast-related activities,  and they are a big business for a little State, providing more than 10  percent of the First State's total employment, taxes, and business  production. Jeopardizing the environmental and economic health of the  entire Atlantic coast is the wrong move, and we simply think it is not  worth the risk.   You don't just have to take my word for it. Experts, scientists, and  residents living in communities along the coast that will be most  impacted by this decision agree, especially since the threat of climate  change continues to grow.   Delawareans are similarly concerned about the dangers posed by oil  and gas exploration activities, including the use of seismic-testing  air guns to search for offshore oil and gas deposits. In August 2016,  roughly 18 months ago, over 40 State and local elected officials in  Delaware sent a letter to the Department of Interior--this was in the  last administration--expressing their opposition to proposed seismic  surveys.   Their concerns, in my view, are well-founded. The negative impact of  the oil and gas industry's seismic testing on ocean ecosystems and the  life they support--from plankton at the base of the ocean food chain  and all the way to whales at the top--is well documented. Despite the  widespread opposition and proof of harmful consequences, proponents of  increased drilling for oil would argue that oil and gas development  could represent economic benefit in selected areas along our coast. But  these areas are already the beneficiary of remarkable economic benefits  derived from and contingent on a healthy, vital, and sustainable ocean  environment off of our shores. As a result, these communities do not  take the prospect of compromising these natural resources lightly, nor  should we.   Do you know who also recognizes that coastal communities could be  negatively impacted if their natural resources were compromised? The  answer is our Interior Secretary, Mr. Ryan Zinke. In fact, that was the  exact justification that Secretary Zinke used to carve Florida's gulf  coast out of the Trump administration's proposal. Secretary Zinke  pointed out that other States--like Louisiana, for example--are  ``working coasts'' that are ``very much different than a recreation- centric coast that's in Florida.''   It seems to me that maybe, just maybe, the only real difference  between Florida and every other coastal State--including Delaware and  up on north to Maine--that was not lucky enough to get an exemption  from Secretary Zinke is that President Trump happens to have beach- front property in Florida. Believe me, I understand that a potential  oilspill off of the Florida coast would be bad for business at Mar-a- Lago and that the President's guests probably don't want the view from  the resort obstructed by offshore oil rigs. I understand that because  an overwhelming majority of Delawareans feel the same way, and their  voices deserve to be heard too.   It is not just the Delawareans or even Democrats who acknowledge that  increased oil drilling off of our coasts is the wrong move. Republican  Governors and lawmakers from States such as Georgia and South  Carolina--and all the way up to Massachusetts and New Hampshire--have  publicly stated their opposition to the Trump administration's plan  because the risks are simply not worth the potential reward.   If the administration insists on proceeding with this proposal, then,  it should carve out the cherished Delaware coast and similar areas  along the Atlantic from any efforts to increase drilling. As we have  heard said many times, what is good for the goose is good for the  gander. In Florida, Secretary Zinke has clearly established the  standard that should apply to any coastal area that would be part of an  offshore leasing plan. If it is an area in which coastal activities and  industries yield greater economic value and where local communities are  solidly opposed, then those areas should get the same exemption that  has been awarded to the Sunshine State of Florida.   This President is a businessman, and the numbers are clear. Increased  drilling does not make economic sense. I urge President Trump to  rethink this shortsighted proposal and to side with coastal residents  from Maine to Miami.   Mr. President, I yield back.   We have been joined by my colleagues from Florida and Oregon, and I  yield to one of them.   To whom shall I yield?   I am happy to yield to the ranking member of the Finance Committee.   