 Mr. President, I thank the chairman of the Veterans'  Affairs Committee, Senator Isakson, for the leadership he has shown  from the get-go. From the moment he took the gavel in the Senate  Veterans' Affairs Committee, he has been wanting to work together in a  bipartisan way, put aside our differences, and get things done.   This VA MISSION Act had a great vote yesterday, and people might say:  [[Page S2865]]  Well, gee, this is just another one of those slam-dunk bills. It is  not. We would not be here today if it wasn't for Chairman Isakson and  the great work he has done on this bill.   I also thank the entire Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee. I thank  the leadership of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee. I thank the 38  veterans service organizations that offered their support for this  bill. I said many times during the hearings, we will take our cues from  the veterans. This is exactly what the entire Senate, hopefully, will  do in a minute or two with this bill, is take our cues from the people  who serve this country in the military. This is a big win for them.  They are also going to put a lot of pressure on the VA to deliver for  them, but, nonetheless, this is one of those rare times when the Senate  and House have done their job and done it in a bipartisan way, worked  together, and worked for the benefit of the veterans of this country.   I also thank my staff, Tony McClain, Dahlia Melendrez, and Jon Coen  for their great work.   In a brief review, what this bill does is scrap the Choice Program  and all the community care programs and puts them into one program  where the veteran and the doctor control where to seek care, whether it  is within the VA or the private sector. It strengthens the VA and helps  build capacity in the VA in two ways, with a loan repayment program for  our employees, and it incentivizes medical residencies within the VA.  It also improves rural healthcare in States where I come from in  Montana by deploying mobile health teams and by expanding telehealth.   Finally, this bill expands the caregiver program to veterans of all  eras--something Senator Murray has worked on for years and years. I was  there when Senator Murray came up to the chairman of the committee on a  previous bill and said to Chairman Isakson: We really need this  caregiver bill in. Chairman Isakson said: We are not going to forget  about you, Patty. We are going to make sure this is taken care of. He  lived up to his promise to her, and he lived up to those veterans who  have a family member who takes care of them at home, where people don't  even know what is going on. They don't even know what is happening.  Sometimes these folks have to quit their job to take care of a veteran  at home who needs help. So the caregiver program is a very important  part of this bill.   It happened because we worked together. When I go home to Montana  people ask: How come you guys can't work together? We kind of broke the  mold a little bit, and we worked together in a bipartisan way. We put  aside politics, and we did what was right for our country and our  veterans.   Hopefully, we will get a strong vote out of this bill when it is  brought up for passage, and we can get it to the President for his  signature.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   