 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we have just been through a long election  season, with a lot of close races. In States all over the country,  voters had to contend with relentless attacks on their voting rights.  We saw it in Ohio, where voters were purged from the rolls. We saw it  in my mother's home State of Georgia, where more than 50,000 voter  registrations were held up. Seventy percent of those were from Black  voters. We know exactly who these laws are aimed at. It is people of  color, and it is despicable. It is outrageous.   Rather than working to fix this problem, making it easier for voters  to exercise their fundamental right, this administration and Republican  leaders in this body and in State legislatures around the country want  to put a man on the Federal bench who has supported unapologetic  racists and defended voter suppression laws.   This body has done nothing to try to stop voter suppression.  Controlled by Republicans, State legislatures around the country, in  legislature after legislature, have, in fact, emboldened people who  want to suppress voting rights.   Andrew Gillum and Stacey Abrams are two candidates each who would  probably be Governor-elect right now if every voters' voices had been  heard. Listen to what they had to say about Thomas Farr, the nominee  for the Eastern District of North Carolina: ``When it comes to the  trifecta of voter disenfranchisement--voter suppression, racial  gerrymandering, and restriction of voting rights--Thomas Farr is,  sadly, one of the most experienced election lawyers in the country.''   When it comes to the trifecta of voter disenfranchisement, he wins  the award. He defended North Carolina's voter suppression laws--among  the worst in the country. The Fourth Circuit Court said that the law  targeted Black voters ``with almost surgical precision.''   He defended Jesse Helms in a lawsuit where Jesse Helms campaigned and  sent 125,000 postcards to African-American communities, telling them  that they would be arrested for voter fraud at their polling places.  Considering the history of voter suppression in that State, imagine the  terror, in many cases, in the eyes of those African-American voters who  saw those postcards telling them that they could be arrested for voter  fraud at their polling places. Of course many of them were not going to  vote then, which is exactly what Jesse Helms and Thomas Farr wanted to  happen. Thomas Farr defended Jesse Helms in court. To put  [[Page S7125]]  this man on the Federal bench is a national disgrace.   The cherry on top of this nomination is the fact that Barack Obama  nominated two African-American women to serve on this court. Under the  leadership of the gentleman down the hall, the Republican leader, Mitch  McConnell, this body didn't even give them a hearing. Instead of the  choice of two African-American women who led over a decade, they want  to put a man on the bench who defended segregationists and voter  suppression. They want to put that kind of judge in that seat. It is a  throwback to the worst moments of our history. This body shouldn't  stand for it.   