 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to advance this bill--this  bipartisan bill. I am grateful for my Democratic cosponsor,  Congresswoman Sinema; Democratic Congressman Gottheimer; and Republican  Congressman Hollingsworth, for joining me in this effort.   The purpose of this bill is pretty simple and pretty narrow. Seven  out of ten new jobs in this country come from our Nation's 28 million  small businesses. When we help those businesses grow, we help them  create new jobs.   I think of the biopharmaceutical companies in my home State of New  Jersey as an example of companies that desperately need capital to  continue to grow, and that growth creates new jobs. The Federal  Government cannot do everything, but we can surely help these companies  grow in our country.   The 1933 Securities Act laid the groundwork that all interstate  security offerings have to be registered with the SEC. It was  cumbersome, it was expensive, so that Congress made some exceptions.  Regulation A allowed a limited amount of offerings for Main Street  investors, and Regulation D allowed unlimited offerings for accredited  investors. This bill is working at Regulation A.   Over time, those limits have gone up periodically. The last time it  was lifted was effective 2015. It was raised to $50 million, and it has  been helpful. It has created growth. It has created new jobs.   This bill is a modest improvement, raising that $50 million to $75  million. This was contemplated in the original JOBS Act, where we  raised it to $50 million. In that law, the SEC was required to either  increase the $50 million or to explain to us why they weren't doing it.  Their deadline for doing that expired at the end of 2017. So this is an  overdue increase, and I think it is high time that we do it.   I could offer a lot of anecdotes of how this benefits companies. I  thought I would offer the one that is closest to home, my own story.   I was fortunate enough to buy a fairly small business in 2002. I did  three capital raises in the years that followed. The first was for $12  million, the second was for $75 million, the third was for $500  million. And those capital raises continued during my period of  ownership of the company.   I can tell you, without any question, the smallest capital raises  were the hardest for me. It is much harder to raise this much money  than it is to raise this much. When I was raising a lot of money, I had  a lot of interested parties. When I was raising the smaller amount, it  was difficult.   What this bill does is allow growing companies to have another point  in the market where they can raise money. It is not just banks or  private equity funds; it is regular, Main Street investors.   I heard the remarks that this creates risk. I can tell you that there  are dozens of people in my old company who became shareholders, who are  living a better life today, them and their families, because they had  an opportunity to buy stock in a growing company.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is good for businesses. It is good for  employees. It is good for Main Street investors. It is a win, win, win.  And, ultimately, it is good for the American economy. I urge my  colleagues to support it. Let's not be afraid of making a commonsense  change. I urge my colleagues to support it.   