 Mr. Chair, open-air burn pits pose serious health risks to  our troops; yet, still to this day, our military uses them to dispose  of waste and equipment--like human waste, plastics, computers, and jet  fuel--on the battlefield.   I am a board certified emergency physician and a public health  expert, and in public health and in the medical field, we know that, if  there is a high enough suspicion with a severe enough illness, which we  have with veterans developing rare and permanently severely disabling  pulmonary autoimmune diseases and dying of cancer, then we need to act  on that suspicion.   We can start to do that by doing these three things: one, stop our  troops' exposure to dangerous burn pits out on the battlefield; two,  conduct public health education for doctors and veterans to train them  to recognize subtle changes in their health, help to catch cancer at an  early stage when it  [[Page H4566]]  can still be treated, and save lives; and third, get our veterans and  servicemembers the medical treatment they need quickly and ensure it is  covered by the VA or the DOD.   My amendment will help accomplish this first step by directing the  Department of Defense to conduct a feasibility study on ending the use  of dangerous burn pits by using incinerators or other technology. I  thank the committee leadership for their support of this amendment and  on this emerging health crisis for our veterans. I urge a ``yes'' vote  to help save our veterans' and men and women in uniforms' lives.    Mr. Chair, I want to thank the ranking member and the  chairman for their support of my efforts to help veterans and  servicemembers who have been exposed to burn pits.   We have a responsibility to protect the health of our men and women  in uniform and veterans from the harmful health effects of exposure to  burn pits, and we can start to do so by, first, stopping our troops'  exposure to these dangerous burn pits out on the battlefield; second,  conducting education and public health outreach to veterans and their  doctors; and third, getting our veterans and servicemembers the medical  treatment they need quickly and ensuring it is covered by the VA or the  DOD.   Earlier, we discussed my amendment that will address step one and  finally put an end to the use of dangerous burn pits on the  battlefield.   My second amendment will tackle step two, requiring the Department of  Defense to conduct an annual education and outreach campaign to  veterans exposed to burn pits and who are qualified to enroll in the  burn pits registry. This will improve our understanding of the  different health effects of exposure to burn pits and help raise  awareness for our veterans to be on the lookout for subtle changes in  their health that could be early signs of cancer.   Mr. Chair, again, I thank the committee for their support of this  amendment.   