 Mr. Speaker, America has a long and wonderful  tradition of welcoming people from all over the world who are fleeing  violence and famine and war and repression. It is, in fact, one of the  founding values of our country, and the words on the Statue of Liberty  remind us of that:       Give me your tired, your poor,      Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,      The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.      Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me.      I lift my lamp beside the golden door.    What we are here tonight to do, Mr. Speaker, is to raise our voices  and be sure the American people understand what is underway in our  country.   The Trump administration has put forth a program they call zero  tolerance. And just to explain what this means, people who are fleeing  gang violence, persecution, incredible deprivation, domestic violence,  travel a long distance, come to America for the hope of being safe.   We have laws in this country that say if, in fact, you are  legitimately fleeing violence or persecution and you can demonstrate  that, you are eligible for something called asylum. It is an  international requirement. It is in our law. This is a lawful process.   They come to America, to the golden door. And what is happening now  in this country, parents are being ripped from their children,  separated, mothers hearing their children in another room crying out  their names, pleading for their mothers, and there is nothing they can  do because they are being detained.   Is this who we are?   This is not what we expect of the greatest democracy in the world. It  is not only against the law, it is not only in violation of  international obligations, imagine, the United States is being  condemned by the United Nations High Commissioner on Refugees and Human  Rights because of this conduct.   It has been described as torture of children, torture being defined  as an act by which severe pain or suffering, whether physical or  mental, is intentionally inflicted on a person for such purposes as  punishing him or her for an act he or she or a third person has  committed. This is torture on kids, to rip them from their parents.   And we, today, in the Judiciary Committee pleaded with the chairman:  Bring this matter before the Judiciary. We have oversight  responsibility for this process. We have a right to know what is going  on.   But we had a hearing today on a Texas water district issue, a permit  issue, but we couldn't find time to bring the officials responsible for  this before our committee.   This is a practice which does violence to children, which is tearing  families apart, and for which there is no legal justification. And we  have pleaded with our colleagues on the other side of the aisle: Raise  your voices. The world is watching America in this moment, and we are  undermining our standing in the world, the values that we promote  around the world, and we are particularly doing tremendous damage to  these children and families that are being separated.   We have asylum laws for a reason. Those have been enacted by the  Congress of the United States, and they should be respected by these  officials in the Department of Homeland Security and ICE and by the  Attorney General of the United States.   It is hard to describe the heartache and the pain and the suffering  that this illegal, unconstitutional, despicable policy is causing; and  our colleagues, my friends on the other side of the aisle, have not so  much as raised a peep. They are responsible in their silence for the  continuation of this program.   We will continue to raise our voices to do everything that we can to  bring the attention of the American people to this travesty because,  only by the American people contacting their Members of Congress,  demanding that this policy change, speaking out against this horrific  brutality that is occurring in detention facilities all across this  country--this does not reflect the values of our country. It does not  reflect our shared values of respecting the human dignity of every  person, of this special place that children have and the special  responsibility that we have for children.   We have a responsibility to do something about it, to stop this, to  bring the Attorney General before the Congress of the United States, to  hold him accountable for this horrific behavior and, once again,  demonstrate to the world that we are a country that lifts people up,  that respects human rights, that honors children, and that demonstrates  a commitment to family values. This zero tolerance policy does violence  to all of that.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for giving me an opportunity to be  heard.   