 Mr. Speaker, once again, I am proud to rise  and stand in the well of the House of Representatives.   Mr. Speaker, I am very proud of those who have called for civility. I  compliment them for calling for civility. I think civility is  appropriate at all times, Mr. Speaker.   But, Mr. Speaker, I do have to ask: Where were you when the President  of the United States of America stood before law enforcement officers  and said: ``You don't have to be so nice when you have a person within  your care, custody, and control?''--paraphrasing him, of course. Where  were you?   Where was your compassion for the many people who have been victims  of brutality at the hands of the constabulary?   Where is your compassion for all of the people who understand that  that was a message, whether intended or not, to the constabulary, to  the police, that you can abuse people who are in your care, custody,  and control? Where were you? Why didn't you speak out?   Where was your sense of outrage as it relates to the President of the  United States of America encouraging persons to assault people who were  within the care, custody, and control of the police?   Encouraging people to do something unconstitutional, it would have  been and is still unconstitutional to assault people who are in your  care, custody, and control if you are a peace officer. So where were  you?   Where were you when the President said there were some nice people  among those at Charlottesville, among those who happened to be in the  KKK, the neo-Nazis, those who were espousing harm to people?   As you know, a woman lost her life in Charlottesville. Where were  you? Why didn't you come out strongly against the President of the  United States of America? Where were you?   And then, my dear brothers and sisters, my friends across the aisle,  why is it that you can find reason to condemn others and propose a  resolution, but you propose not one single resolution for the  President, who has consistently and persistently created levels of  incivility that have emanated to the extent that some people may have  been harmed already? Where were you?   Why is it such that you can be outraged now, but you couldn't be  outraged then? Where are you now as he is putting his bigotry into  policy? Where are you?    Why won't you stand up to this President? Are you aiding and  abetting? Are you a part of the President's support system to implement  the bigotry that he is putting into policy?   It is being done when the President met with those persons at the  White House to talk about immigration and then called certain countries  in Africa s---hole countries.   Now, ironically, he wants to do away with the diversity visas, which  happen to impact people who may be in Africa. Where were you? Why won't  you stand up? Why would you want to implement this level of bigotry  into policy?   I commend you and I am proud of you for wanting civility. I stand for  civility. But I also know this. Those who make peaceful protests  impossible make other forms of protest inevitable.   