 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2147, as amended, the  Veterans Treatment Court Improvement Act of 2018.   This bill would require VA to expand access to Veterans Justice  Outreach specialists in an effort to aid veterans as they interact with  the justice system.   Dealing with veterans who break the law can be complicated. While  they should be held accountable for their crimes, there are frequently  underlying factors, like substance abuse or PTSD, that come into play.  Transitioning from the battlefield to civilian life can be tough for  many.   These specialists are integral to VHA's efforts to ensure veterans  avoid unnecessary criminalization of mental illness and extended  incarceration among veterans.   Veterans treatment courts are proven ways to ensure veterans receive  the treatment and support necessary to avoid recidivism. I have visited  the Riverside County Veterans Treatment Court and witnessed firsthand  the stellar services it offers veterans in my community.   That is why I believe this bill is so important, as it would ensure  veterans have the assistance and support they need to navigate  successfully through the justice system.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Arizona (Ms. Sinema) who, though she is not a member of the Veterans'  Affairs Committee, has had a distinguished record of serving our  veterans through very, very significant legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Connolly).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Let me just say that I have personally witnessed the effectiveness of  these courts in my own community. They have saved lives; they have  fixed lives; they have repaired lives; and they have afforded our  veterans a measure of dignity as they heal from their experiences in  battle.   So I ask all my colleagues to please join me in passing H.R. 2147, as  amended.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4635, as amended, to increase  the number of peer-to-peer counselors available to women veterans.   Peer-to-peer counseling is meant to be sensitive to the specific  culture of the military and how that culture affects veterans. It can  be incredibly helpful to veterans who may not feel comfortable entering  a more formal form of treatment, and for many women veterans, their  most relatable peer will be a fellow woman.   This bill would require VA to increase women veterans' access to  peer-to-peer counselors, thus ensuring all veterans can enjoy the  benefit of this incredible form of therapy.  [[Page H5138]]    Between this legislation and the other peer support measure recently  passed in the VA MISSION Act, this body continues to underscore its  commitment to expanding peer support at VA. I appreciate the hard work  Mr. Coffman has put into this issue and look forward to supporting his  efforts.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. Esty), my good friend and the ranking member of the  Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs.    Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in passing  H.R. 4635, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time.   