 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, first, I want to thank Senator Collins for  her generosity on time. I know we are trying to schedule a vote, and I  am appreciative of that.   I am joined on the floor by Senator Cardin, one of the best advocates  for people in this body and especially for Federal workers, who have  contributed so much, and we will talk about that. Senator Hirono, from  Hawaii, is also joining us. Senator Van Hollen, Senator Murray, Senator  Kaine, and Senator Cortez Masto will join us a little later in a  different venue, and Senators Tester and Warner spoke earlier today.   We stand here on behalf of dedicated public servants who get up every  day to work for the American taxpayers. They are men and women who  support our Armed Forces and support our veterans. They make sure that  Social Security checks go out and Medicare is taking care of seniors.  They ensure that our food, medicines, and drinking water are safe. They  protect our national security. They work in institutions like the NIH,  the CDC, and NIOSH, or the National Institute for Occupational Safety  and Health, in Cincinnati. They are in community-based outpatient  clinics. They are in VA centers. They are in Social Security offices in  most of our States.   These are American workers who have dedicated their lives to service.  They serve Republicans and Democrats. They serve Commanders in Chief,  regardless of party. Many of these workers are in Washington, but  millions more are in the 50 States.   We have 52,000 Federal workers in Ohio contributing to our State and  local communities. Nearly one-third of those workers are veterans. The  Federal Government makes special allowances to hire veterans,  especially at hospitals in Chillicothe, Dayton, Cincinnati, Columbus,  and Wade Park in Cleveland, and at the community-based outpatient  clinics in places like Mansfield, Springfield, Zanesville, Akron, and  Parma.   These are workers doing their jobs on behalf of the American people,  but, shamefully, these are public servants under attack from this  administration--as if Federal workers are not Americans, as if Federal  workers are not people, as if Federal workers are just a cost to be  minimized. The administration has issued Executive order after  Executive order to restrict those workers' freedoms to advocate for  themselves and for taxpayers in the workplace.   They made it easier for short-term political appointees to retaliate  against nonpartisan career public servants. Think about that. This  President has brought in lots of very ideologically charged political  appointees who have retaliated against nonpartisan career public  service--people who make sure that Social Security checks go out, who  serve veterans, who make sure we do public health the way we should as  a nation.   These decisions create an atmosphere where whistleblowers who report  fraud fear being punished and fear being fired for shining a light on  abuse. In the past, workers have had flexibility to use their time to  benefit taxpayers, but these Executive orders severely limit workers'  ability to discuss problems at the workplace, including ways of  improving efficiency in the workplace and including inefficiencies and  waste.   This is all part of a larger attack on workers in this country, a  larger attack on the labor movement. We know that the White House, more  and more, is looking like a retreat for corporate executives of some of  the largest companies in the country who center their attacks on  workers and the labor movement.   Corporate special interests have spent decades stripping workers of  their freedom to organize for fair wages and benefits they have earned.   My colleagues talk about freedom all the time. How about the freedom  to band together and speak as one stronger voice in the workplace to  get better treatment, better wages, and better benefits?   Make no mistake. An attack on public service unions is an attack on  all unions, and an attack on unions is an attack on all workers--and I  mean all workers. Whether you punch a timesheet or swipe a badge,  whether you make a salary or earn tips, whether you are on a payroll or  whether you are a contract worker, whether you are a temporary worker,  working behind a desk, on a factory floor, or behind a restaurant  counter, the fact is that all workers across this country are feeling  the squeeze, and hard work doesn't pay off.   For decades now, we have seen what happens when workers have no power  in the workplace. Corporations view American workers as a cost to be  minimized instead of as a valuable asset to invest in. We know that  workers are more productive than ever. We know that corporations are  making more profit than ever. We know that executive compensation has  exploded through the roof, but we know that workers' wages have  stagnated and workers' benefits have declined. We know that. The last  thing we should be doing is spreading that mindset--those attacks on  workers--to attacks on public servants.   Workers power our economy. They make the government work for  taxpayers. We need to stand up for the American workers--whether it is  a Federal worker, a restaurant private sector worker, somebody working  at NASA Glenn Research Center in Cleveland, somebody waiting tables in  Dayton, or somebody working in an office in Mansfield--not make it  harder for them to do their jobs.   I thank my colleagues for standing with these women and men who do  tough jobs on behalf of the American people.   I yield the floor for Senator Cardin from Maryland.   