 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, the 115th Congress is drawing to a close,  and it has been a good 2 years. Our goal 2 years ago was simple: to  make life better for American families--which is exactly what we have  done. We knew that a huge part of making life better for American  families was in the expanding of opportunity and putting more money in  their pockets, so we passed a historic reform of our outdated Tax Code  that slashed tax rates for families and removed barriers to economic  growth.   It is already producing results. Since we passed tax reform a year  ago this December, we have seen unemployment drop to its lowest rate in  almost 50 years, and we have seen job openings reach a record high. For  the past 7 months, there have been more job openings than there have  been Americans looking for work. We have seen company after company  dispense raises or bonuses or boost benefits for their employees. We  have seen the best wage growth since the great recession and more.   Most importantly, the economic benefits of tax reform are reaching  the people who need them the most. During the Obama administration,  what economic prosperity there was tended to be concentrated in large  metropolitan areas, but under Republican government, growth and  prosperity are reaching small cities and rural families and  communities. Thanks to tax reform, a lot of families are finding it  easier to pay their bills and to put a little bit away for the future.   Yet, of course, tax reform is far from the only thing we did in this  Congress to improve the lives of the American people. Along with the  White House, we lifted burdensome regulations. We enacted legislation  to improve career and technical education programs. We passed  legislation to make it easier for Main Street banks and credit unions  to lend money to small businesses and farmers and ranchers. We passed  the largest pay increase in nearly a decade for our men and women in  uniform.   We delivered real reforms for our veterans through the VA MISSION  Act. This legislation streamlined the VA's community care programs to  help ensure veterans receive efficient, timely, quality care. Once  fully implemented, it will also expand caregiver assistance to disabled  pre-9/11 veterans--an overdue benefit for generations of our heroes. We  also modernized the Veterans Benefits Administration's appeals system  to develop a quicker, more responsive system for veterans.   On the national security front, we have reinvested in our Nation's  military to ensure that our troops are equipped not only for today's  missions but to meet the threats of the future. A recent report from  the bipartisan National Defense Strategy Commission outlined how  dangerously our military superiority has eroded--to the point at which  it would be difficult for us to win a war against two major powers.  This alarming reduction in our military's readiness is why Republicans  have made rebuilding our military such a priority in this Congress.  There is no better way to ensure peace for our country than to make  sure that the  [[Page S7406]]  U.S. military is the strongest, best equipped fighting force in all the  world.   On the healthcare front this Congress, we passed the SUPPORT for  Patients and Communities Act to address the nationwide opioid epidemic.  This bipartisan legislation reflected ideas and input from no fewer  than 72 of our Members here in the Senate to support prevention,  treatment, and recovery efforts.   We repealed ObamaCare's individual mandate tax, which forced patients  to buy insurance that they didn't want and couldn't afford. We also  eliminated ObamaCare's Independent Payment Advisory Board, which would  have empowered a board of unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats to make  substantial changes to Medicare.   We passed legislation to give terminally ill patients access to  experimental care.   In February, we also passed the longest extension of the State  Children's Health Insurance Program in the program's history.   Then, of course, there are the many excellent judges we have  confirmed to the Federal bench--judges who can be relied on to uphold  the law and the Constitution and to give anyone who comes before their  benches a fair shake.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  resume legislative session, that the Chair lay before the Senate the  conference report to accompany H.R. 2, and that the final 10 minutes  before the vote be equally divided between the managers.   