 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in my home State of Florida, we have a rich  history in manufacturing hand-rolled premium cigars. For those who  aren't familiar with them, a hand-rolled premium cigar is not the same  thing as a cigarette.   Number one, premium cigars are an expense product, and they are  consumed very differently from a cigarette or some other tobacco  product. I would say that they are more like wine than they would be  like a cigarette, for sure.   The interesting thing about the cigar industry and its history--not  just in Florida but in this country--is that, almost exclusively, the  manufacturers of premium hand-rolled cigars are small family-run  businesses. By the way, so too are the retailers that sell them. This  is not the kind of thing you go and buy at 7-Eleven. There are stores  that specialize in the sale of premium cigars. They cater to a  clientele that can afford to buy these things. They are significantly  older than someone who would walk into a convenience store and buy a  pack of cigarettes from behind the counter.   The companies that are involved in this endeavor are not the big  companies that we see involved, generally, in the tobacco industry.  They are family-owned business, both at the retail level and also at  the manufacturing level.   In addition to all of this, they represent a rich part of the  cultural history of the Cuban community in Florida. Ybor City in Tampa  is an example of it. It was an area that was settled over 100 years ago  by Cubans that came to Tampa to start a very vibrant hand-rolling cigar  industry. Again, these are hand-rolled premium cigars. These are people  literally sitting down and rolling the leaves, and these are high-end  products.   This industry is on the verge of extinction, and I will tell you why.  In 2016, the previous administration finalized a rule based on a 2009  law, and, by  [[Page S5410]]  the way, its intended target was not premium cigars. They meant to go  after tobacco products that we mass marketed and mass produced.   This 2009 law was interpreted in a way in the rule that would require  premium cigars to regulate the manufacture, the import, the packaging,  the labeling, the advertisement, the promotion, the sale, and the  distribution of their products. With each new product, they would have  to do it over again.   From year to year, the premium cigar industry may change the blend  inside the hand-rolled cigar. They come in boxes of 8 or 12, and every  time that one of these things is changed, you would have to redo the  labels, redo the packaging, and everything would have to be completely  redone, which is simply cost prohibitive because these blends change  constantly, especially as you bring new markets.   I have offered an amendment to the minibus that is before us that  would exempt premium hand-rolled cigars from the FDA regulations, not  just so that the industry can survive but so that it can thrive and  also to free up the FDA to go after what it is intended to go after-- what everybody thought this was about--which is common tobacco  products, like cigarettes and some of the others things that we are  aware of.   Now, anytime you talk about this, it gets a little tricky because  people talk about tobacco use causing cancer. I am as sensitive to that  as everyone. My father was a lifelong smoker. He lost his life in his  early eighties because of cigarette smoking.   I think we need to do everything we can to discourage people from  smoking and consuming tobacco, especially cigarettes that are consumed  in mass quantity and are cheap to buy in large quantities.   I would note that it is already illegal to sell tobacco products to  anyone who is under the age of 18.   I would also tell you that beyond that, the numbers have continued to  decline in tobacco use. So we know that the laws that are in place and  the programs have worked, but one of the things that we have focused on  is that tobacco is a legal product and small manufacturers of premium  cigars are being harmed by this, but the regulations were not intended  for them. The regulations were designed to target cigarettes. They were  designed for flavored fat cigarettes and other commonly used tobacco  products, the kinds that could potentially be marketed to young people  and that are not like a premium cigar--at $5, $8, $10 for each one, or  $80, $90 a box--but the sort of flavored fat cigarettes and all the new  stuff that is coming out that you can buy from behind the counter. They  are very cheap to buy, and they are mass manufactured. That is what the  rule was about. It was never intended to apply to premium cigars, but  the way it is written and the way the rule is interpreted, that is what  it is now doing. It is putting the same requirement on a completely  different product, and it is a requirement they simply can't meet.    The irony is that all of the things that are targeted under this new  rule are going to survive. They are still going to be around. They may  be a little bit more expensive, a little harder to bring to market, but  they are still going to survive. All the mass-produced tobacco products  will survive and continue to be more accessible to young people. They  will be able to stay in business, but the premium cigar manufacturers  are going to get wiped out.   One more irony in all this: It is still illegal to mass-import Cuban  cigars, but you can bring them in in individual quantities. Those are  not impacted by these regulations at all--none whatsoever. Think about  that for a moment. A product made in another country doesn't have to  meet the same guidelines but has all the same attributes.   I talked a moment ago about Tampa and in particular Ybor City, and  today in Ybor City, after all this time, there is only one factory  left, a company called J.C. Newman. It is within Ybor City, and it is  known as Cigar City. They have been making premium cigars--not  cigarettes, not flavored cigarettes, not JUULs so people can vape; I am  talking about premium, expensive, hand-rolled cigars. They have been  making them since 1895, and that is all going to come to an end in the  near future if this rule goes through. They are a profitable company.  They sell about $10 million worth of products annually. That sounds  like a lot of money, but it is nothing compared to mass-produced  products. It is going to cost them three times that amount just to  comply with the FDA regulations--three times as much--upwards of $30  million to comply with this rule, the way this rule has been  interpreted.   The sad part about it is that everyone knows this. You go to the FDA,  and they say: Look, we get it. The law wasn't supposed to go after  these guys. But that is the way it is written, and that is how we are  going to have to apply it.   It was never meant to be about them. Everyone admits it. Yet that is  the way it is going to be, and that is going put not just J.C. Newman  but also other companies out of business. The retailers, the specialty  cigar stores, those that sell premium cigars that are contained in a  humidor--that is going to put them out of business very soon, all  because of a stupid regulation that was written as a result of a law  that was not properly drafted and was interpreted inappropriately.   The Federal Government is going to put these guys out of business.  The irony is that the people they were trying to impact with the  regulation are going to survive and remain in business and be as  accessible as ever, and the people no one meant to harm are going to  get wiped out. This is the epitome of government overreach and abuse.   Regardless of whether the business is 10 years or 100 years old, this  industry represents the livelihood of hundreds of American families.  There are people who work in those factories. There are people who own  those retail stores. They are going to be out of work, not because the  market shifted, not because Americans no longer want to smoke premium  cigars, they are going to be out of business because no one can stay in  business if the cost to follow the law is three times as much as what  you make. You can't do it.   This is a legal product made by hard-working Americans who have been  doing this for a very long time. They are not the intended target of  this rule. It is unjust for these small businesses to be singled out.  It is unjust, unfair, and it is wrong.   The worst part about this rule is that it is written retroactively.  So not only will they have to start complying moving forward--because  you could argue, well, just change your blend in the future--it goes  all the way back to 2007. They are going to have to go back and relabel  and repackage everything they have been making for the last 11 years.  That explains a little bit about the $30 million cost for just this one  business.   By the way, they have broken no laws. Yet they have been singled out,  and this threatens their livelihood.   This is a bipartisan, bicameral issue. A number of Members in the  Senate from across the aisle agree with this. I have been working with  Senator Nelson on this for a long time. This is not a partisan issue,  not a Big Tobacco issue; this is a premium cigar issue. These are  consumed differently than cigarettes by different groups of people in  different ways. You don't smoke 10 cigars a day. We just know this. It  is common sense. But this is what is going to happen. We are going to  wipe these guys out because of a government rule and the way it was  interpreted even though it was never meant to be about them.   We have an amendment. We have a law that fixes all this. I am not  going to offer it on this bill because it is already part of the House  package that lines up with the appropriations bills that are before us,  but I wanted to point this out because I know that people in Ybor City  and people around the country who care about this issue are watching,  and I want them to know that when this issue gets conferenced with the  House, we are going to be fighting for this. This needs to get fixed.   This is the last chance. That is the other point. This rule is about  to kick in. The comment period is about to end, and the rule is going  to kick in. This is our last chance. If we don't get it right here when  we work this out, this is going to happen. You are going to be reading  about it. Maybe it doesn't matter in some places. It matters a lot to  Florida, and it matters a lot to this company in Ybor City in Tampa. It  matters a lot to hundreds of thousands  [[Page S5411]]  of people across the country who work in the retail shops that sell  them and who work in the places hand-rolling and making them.   This is wrong, and we should do everything we can to stop it from  happening. I hope we will deal with this issue in conference. I am glad  it is in the House version. I wish we could get it in the Senate  version. We are going to fight to include it in the final version. We  are not going to watch as J.C. Newman and small businesses like it are  put out of business by a rule that was never supposed to apply to them.   Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.   