 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Royce for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 111, recognizing  and supporting the efforts of the United Bid Committee to bring the  2026 FIFA World Cup soccer competition to the United States, Canada,  and Mexico.   This bipartisan resolution, introduced by the co-chairs of the  Congressional Soccer Caucus--myself, Congresswoman Castor, Congressman  Bacon, Congressman Kihuen--conveys our strong support for this united  North American bid to host the 2026 World Cup as well as voicing our  overall support for soccer at the global level.   When the U.S. last hosted the 1994 FIFA World Cup competition, it  served as a catalyst for the increased popularity and development of  soccer across America and the introduction of Major League Soccer,  which is thriving today.   Since the games in 1994, soccer has become one of the fastest growing  sports in the United States, promoting a competitive and a healthy and  active lifestyle, teamwork, and sportsmanship to over 24 million  Americans of all ages in every State. This includes the 20 percent of  American children under the age of 12 who currently play soccer.   As the father to three young soccer players and the Representative of  a district which includes eight college soccer programs, I recognize  the value that soccer has for families and communities. Additionally,  in my home State of Illinois, we are proud to be the home of the U.S.  Soccer Federation and the Chicago Fire, one of Major League Soccer's  original soccer clubs.   By uniting players and fans from different nations under one banner  of friendship and fair competition, it is our hope that hosting the  2026 competition would promote and further the positive impact of  soccer here and abroad.    As the consideration of the 2026 location by FIFA continues, support  from Congress will help demonstrate that our government is equally  enthusiastic for North America's three largest nations to host one of  the world's preeminent sporting events, which is soccer.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues who have supported this  effort, including Chairman Royce, who has been a strong advocate for  this resolution, and also my colleagues on the U.S. Congressional  Soccer Caucus.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H. Con. Res. 111.   