 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  recognized for a few moments; that at the conclusion of my remarks, my  colleague from Arkansas, Senator Cotton, be recognized; and that at the  conclusion of his remarks, I be recognized again for a unanimous  consent request.    Mr. President, one of the things that marks service  as a U.S. Senator is the chance to meet really remarkable individuals,  and among the remarkable individuals I have had the chance to meet in  my time in the Senate, there are few, if any, who are more impressive  or memorable than those who have been diagnosed with ALS, commonly  known as Lou Gehrig's disease.   Competing with them for being impressive and noteworthy are the  friends and family and advocates who become their support system and  their caregivers. It is not just those with the diagnosis, but it is  also the family, friends, and caregivers who face incredible bravery. I  remember someone once saying that a special kind of courage is  maintaining good morale in the face of terrible circumstances, and few  circumstances are more terrible than a diagnosis of ALS amyotrophic  lateral sclerosis.   We know how it ends. We know it is always fatal. There is no  treatment. There is no cure. There is nothing to halt or reverse the  effects of ALS. Those of us who have ALS patients visit us watch the  decline as they move from people who can walk to people who need a  wheelchair, to people who need an increasingly complex wheelchair.   For all this suffering and for all the certainty of how it ends, we  still make ALS patients and their family members wait 5 months before  they can begin to receive the Social Security Disability Insurance  benefits they earned by contributing into Social Security.   The logic, I am told, of this 5-month waiting period is that it  allows temporary conditions to abate, but ALS is not a temporary  condition. It does not abate. It does not reverse. Sadly, some ALS  patients lose their fight with the disease before even receiving  benefits.   I have been working with Senator Cotton to pursue bipartisan  legislation to eliminate this 5-month waiting period for ALS. Chairman  Hatch, in one of his final acts as chairman of the Finance Committee,  expressed his approval of this and his desire to help me bring it  forward, and Ranking Member Wyden on the Finance Committee has helped  get it to the floor so we can have this opportunity to pass it by  unanimous consent.   I hope very much that as a simple act of humanity, we can step aside  from bureaucratic considerations and allow this small population of  Americans who face the extraordinary blow of this diagnosis to move  immediately to the benefits they signed up for by contributing to  Social Security.   With that, I would yield the floor to Senator Cotton of Arkansas.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Finance Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 379, a  bill to eliminate the 5-month waiting period for disability insurance  benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral  sclerosis; that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; that  the bill be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate, as we come into this Christmas season.    Mr. President, let me go on the record to say how  much I disagree with my colleague's view of this; the notion that we  can't help anyone until we can help everyone is simply not the way the  world works. The notion that we can't help anyone until we have solved  whatever financial problems he sees in Social Security, again, means we  will help no one.   I do believe Lou Gehrig's disease is a sufficiently distinct illness,  with an inevitable fatality, and the slow loss of function for the  individuals involved as the disease takes away, one by one, their  various abilities to stand, to speak, and eat. I think it does set it  apart.   If the Senator has other illnesses he thinks are equally cruel and  equally lethal that he would like to add to the list, then I think we  should consider that. The notion that we can't help fellow Americans  with this disease because we haven't solved other problems is one I  categorically reject.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I simply note that the Senator seems  to be making precisely the argument that he is denying that he has  made.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, at the Senator's desire, he may add  any of those whom he wishes, and we will consider that going forward.  Unless and until he does that, we are in a position that unless we are  helping all of them, we will help none of them.   I yield the floor.   