 Madam President, I am doing something this week I wish I  didn't have to do. As a matter of fact, for the past several weeks I  wish I didn't have to do this, but I have to draw attention to  something that is very important to me and should be important to  everybody in the United States and every person on Capitol Hill. It is  about a man who has been held in prison in Turkey for 628 days, most of  that time without charges, in a cell that was designed for 8 people  that had 21 people in it. This man's name is Pastor Brunson. He is a  Presbyterian minister who has spent most of the last 20 years doing  missionary work in Turkey, sometimes going into Syria, visiting Syrian  refugee camps in Turkey, living in and around the Izmir area.   In October of 2016, after the coup attempt, President Erdogan started  sweeping up thousands of people, including people who were doing  nothing but trying to bring the Word to those who wanted to hear it--in  this case, in the country of Turkey. He was actually accused of being a  part of plotting the coup attempt. He subsequently has been accused of  plotting terrorist activities against the people and the Government of  Turkey.   We have been working on this case for well over a year. We treated it  like constituent work. We were doing everything we were supposed to do,  working with the State Department, working with the various agencies,  reaching out to the country team to ask: Why can't we get this pastor  free? Why is he being held without charges? How could a Presbyterian  missionary--how could he possibly be considered a terrorist or a coup  plotter?   About 4 months ago, I was in a meeting, and I overheard--this is  about the time he was indicted, about 17 months of being held without  charges. I heard he was afraid that after the indictment was released,  the American people would believe the indictment and just turn their  backs on him and forget him.   So it was important for me to go to Turkey. I requested a visa to get  to Turkey. I went to the Turkish prison, and I told Pastor Brunson that  is the last thing that is going to happen. I told him he had my  personal commitment and that I knew I had the backing of the majority  of the Members of the Senate and almost 200 Members of the House now  who believe Pastor Brunson needs to be set free. It was important to  tell him that face-to-face.   About a month later, I went to his first court hearing. It was  absurd. I spent about 12 hours in a Turkish courtroom hearing some of  the most extraordinary--almost comedic--allegations against Pastor  Brunson. Every week I vary the presentation of the allegations because  there are so many you can't cover them in any one reasonable length of  floor speech. So this week's absurd allegation is this notion that the  Turkish prosecutors believe all the Christian religions in the United  States are actually somehow woven together as some sort of  intelligence-gathering, coup-plotting, terrorist-plotting network  throughout the world to collect information and use it to the detriment  of a sovereign nation like Turkey. That is the sort of--so he is an  operative. He is a man who actually comes from Black Mountain, who is  affiliated with the same church as Rev. Billy Graham, and has been, for  20 years, plotting the overthrow of the Turkish Government.   Now, keep in mind, it is only a concept. He hasn't been charged with  any specific activity. There is no witness  [[Page S4481]]  attesting to some specific thing that he did, but because he is a  Christian, because he is a missionary, and because he has been in  Turkey for 20 years, he has to be a part of this organization.  Therefore, we are going to put him in prison for 628 days. That is what  we are dealing with.   Now, when we started down this path, I spoke with a lot of Turkish  officials. What I heard from them is, well, justice has to take its  course. We have an independent judiciary; justice has to take its  course. Then, not too long ago, President Erdogan, who was just  recently reelected President for, I believe, another 5-year term, had  the audacity to say: ``We will give you your pastor if you give us our  pastor.''   Well, it turns out there is someone here in the United States who was  previously an ally of President Erdogan. They had a falling out, and he  is a part of a movement that wants to see change in Turkey. He is a man  of faith--a man of Muslim faith.   The President transformed what I believe started out being a  situation of let's just let the independent judiciary take its course-- they transformed what was an illegal detainment, lengthy detainment of  a Presbyterian pastor into what I believe is a hostage swap.   The President said this. If the President could actually make this  offer, then, clearly, he is not constrained by a judiciary outcome like  we are in the United States.   So the day President Erdogan said this, that was the day we could  clearly say Pastor Brunson is being held as a political hostage, and  the President--President Erdogan--has the power to end it.   I do this speech every week, and I will do it every week for as long  as Pastor Brunson is in prison. Every once in a while my mother or my  wife will see a videotape of this speech, and they always say: Why do  you act like you get so angry toward the end of it? Because I am. I am  angry for a lot of reasons. One of them is that they are a NATO ally.   Since 1952, Turkey has been a member of the NATO Alliance. At the  most profound level, that means that if Turkey is attacked by another  Nation and their safety, security, and freedom is at risk, then the  United States has an obligation to submit our men and women in uniform  to the country of Turkey to potentially lay down and die in defense of  their freedom. That is what we call a partnership. Now, for the first  time in the history of NATO alliance, they are holding an American  hostage.   So, on the one hand, in the Armed Services Committee where we spend a  lot of time focusing on our alliances, a lot of time training with  various countries--and Turkey is one I would like to have a great  relationship with--but they are holding a North Carolinian hostage.  They are subjecting him to a kangaroo court, and they think it is OK.  For the first time in the history of an alliance, for a NATO alliance  partner to behave this way is unacceptable.   So we have taken all the steps we could diplomatically, and it hasn't  worked to this point. Now we have to take additional steps, and one of  those steps is to put a provision in the national defense authorization  bill that asks certain questions about the long-term nature of our  relationship with Turkey. Turkey is a very important ally in the Middle  East. I hope that someday I come down to the floor gushing over all the  great relationships we have. We have many. Their work in Afghanistan is  important. Their work and fighting in Syria is important. But what is  more important than anything is the freedom of a man who is held in  prison and respect for a fellow NATO ally.    So we have put a provision in the National Defense Authorization Act  that asks certain questions, like, does Turkey have somebody illegally  detained, yes or no? And our President can certify one way or the  other. Does the fact that Turkey is considering the acquisition of the  S-400 missile system from Russia, which comes with it a lot of  intelligence gathering and other tools that could put the safety and  security of the Air Force base that we have in Turkey and the  manufacturing operations for the Joint Strike Fighter in Turkey at  risk--certify one way or the other.   Incidentally, because we rely on Turkey for the supply chain for the  Joint Strike Fighter and if that supply chain were to shut down, if  Turkey continued to drift further away as a NATO ally--does it make  sense to have the entire manufacturing supply chain of the Joint Strike  Fighter dependent on a country that is drifting away from the nations  that are members of NATO?   Those are simple provisions. We are asking the President of the  United States to certify one way or the other. If he can't certify it,  then we have to really start questioning just how much further we can  go with a country that is holding an American citizen, with a country  that is considering a would-be adversary's missile defense system, and  with a country that is a critical link in the supply chain for the  Joint Strike Fighter.   We will be going into conference fairly soon on the national defense  authorization. I am asking all of my colleagues--the 70 who signed on  to a letter expressing their concern with the detainment of Pastor  Brunson--to stick with us to make sure that provision makes it out of  conference and that we hold Turkey accountable.   It is within President Erdogan's power to end this now. I would love  to come back to the floor next week and not be talking about the  illegal detainment but talking about a freed man and an improving  relationship with Turkey.   My last message is to the Turkish people. This is not about the  Turkish people. They are wonderful people. I have traveled to Turkey  several times in various official capacities. They are wonderful people  who love freedom and want freedom just like we have in the United  States. This is about an administration that needs to understand what  it means to be a NATO ally. It is about an administration that needs to  understand what a real, independent judiciary looks like. It is about  an administration that needs to be put on notice until they take the  positive step in that direction.   Madam President, thank you very much. I hope I don't have to come to  the floor next week when you are presiding and present this same  speech, but I promise you, as long as I am a Senator and Pastor Brunson  is in prison, I will be back.   I yield the floor.   