 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today is 1 month to the day from a tragic  shooting in Parkland, FL, where 17 high-school-aged students lost their  lives. As so many of my colleagues have done, I come to the floor to  remember them, to honor their loss, to speak to their classmates,  colleagues, and families, and to share from the experience of my own  home State of Delaware.   This morning, today, there are high school students across our  country and across my home State of Delaware who are walking out of  class to try and draw the attention of those of us in Washington to the  urgent need that we work across the aisle to tackle the plague of gun  violence that affects communities all over this country. That is why we  see young people not just across the country but including in my home  State of Delaware demanding that we take action. We need to answer  their call.   Let me speak to my hometown of Wilmington, DE. Just last month, 5  people--5 people, last month--under the age of 21 were shot in  Wilmington,  [[Page S1699]]  and 2017 ended as one of the worst years ever for gun violence and  homicides--197 individuals shot, 32 wounded fatally.   If I could, I wish to read the names of 31 individuals who were  victims of gun violence in the city of Wilmington in 2017. We are  working--Federal, State, and local officials; police departments and  community and civic leaders--to try to tackle these challenges, but  some of the core causes can only be addressed here. We need to find a  way to work together, to respect each other, to compromise, and to  tackle the very real epidemic of gun violence in our country.   These 31 Delawareans lost their lives in the city of Wilmington to  gun violence in the year 2017: Dariberto Velazquez Mendez, age 32;  Santanu Muhuri, age 64; Jermaine Francois, age 34; Charles Mays, age  66; Jamiere Harris, age 21; Kayden Young, age 21; Ainsley Cumberbatch,  age 23; Jamiel Congo, age 23; Keevan Hale, age 38; Tajuane Helton, age  41; Richard Crosby, age 30; Yaseem Powell, age 18; Tyree Robinson, age  23; Bryan Brooks, age 29; Tynesia Cephas, age 16; Joquon Coverdale, age  22; Derrius Jackson-Paul, age 23; Sherman Pride, age 22; Shamar  Lindsay, age 25; Cyree Watson, age 22; David Bailey, age 23; Nycire  Mills, age 23; Kai'Mel Ennals, age 20; Barry White, age 19; Allen  Melton, age 28; Albert Hazzard, age 33; Dwayne Grimes, age 19; Justin  McDermott, age 18; Andrew Pennewell, age 25; Shawn Lockhart, age 29;  and Keanan Samuels, age 20.   The facts of all of these different episodes of violence and loss  vary widely, but the conclusion must be the same: We have to find ways  to listen to each other, to work across the aisle, and to stop deadly  shootings in our country.   I am encouraged that many of my colleagues today have introduced  legislation that would take meaningful steps to tackle gun violence and  make all of us safer. We must act. We must listen to the voices of  young Americans demanding that we do our job and make our country  safer.   I yield floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   