 Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, after reading these quotes,  it seems like one thing is pretty clear--our colleagues across the  aisle have forgotten how Congress works.    I did know that. It is called  congressional oversight authority.    But Congressman Gallego, why haven't we  seen more of these checks and balances in action?    That is why we would like to enter into  the Record Article I of the United States Constitution.    Okay, so lesson one, Congress can  actually pass legislation.    No. You just need 218 votes in the House  and 51 votes in the Senate.    Almost anything. As Speaker Ryan has  stated, he thinks we need legislation to prevent the separation of  families, of kids who were ripped away from their parents by the Trump  administration. We agree. Democrats have introduced the Keep Families  Together Act. That has not gotten a vote, and we think we should have a  vote on that bill.   In addition, there are numerous pieces of legislation that can make  our economy better, that can help our healthcare, make sure that we  deal with the opioid crisis, and numerous pieces of legislation such as  investing in infrastructure, none of which has gotten a vote so far.    We could do that, too.   There are several pieces of legislation as well that the Republican- controlled majority will not let us have a vote on.    Exactly. It is called the Special Counsel  Independence and Integrity Act, which has both Republican and  Democratic support in both the House and the Senate.    That is a great question. That is why we  are here today, to explain to America that the majority is recessing  for 5 weeks without completing its work on behalf of the American  people. That is shameful.    Another thing Congress gets to do is, we  get to hold hearings. The Judiciary Committee, on which I sit, has not  held a single hearing on any of the issues that are important to  Americans. Instead, we have done two hearings on whether groups like  Diamond and Silk get enough Facebook likes. We also held a hearing on-- are you ready for this? Hillary Clinton's emails.    It sure seems that way.    The other thing the Constitution gives us  a right to do is to issue subpoenas.    It is very simple. It is a document that  will require a witness to show up before a congressional hearing or to  produce documents to congressional investigators.    It sounds a little complicated.   Can you explain how it works?    Ah, so what that means is Congress could  actually subpoena the translator who was in the private 2-hour meeting  between the President and Vladimir Putin of which Americans have no  idea what was discussed.   Let me give an example of why that is bad for our country. Recently,  the Russians attacked a U.S. general. Congressman Gallego and I both  served on Active Duty in the military, and they are criticizing this  U.S. general for allegedly not doing something that was discussed in  that private, 2-hour meeting. It is certainly possible the U.S. general  was wrong. It is also possible the Russians were making stuff up. We  have no idea.   Congress needs to exercise its proper oversight authority so we  understand what is happening between the United States and the Kremlin.    I agree with you.   Why don't we now move on to our last lesson.    Okay. So just to recap, Congress can pass  legislation, we can hold hearings, we can issue subpoenas, and now we  can request investigations.    So what can Congress do with these  inspectors general?    Ah, so, for example, we request an  inspector general to look into Wilbur Ross's alleged insider trading.  We can request an inspector general to look at all their waste, fraud,  and abuse of various Cabinet officials in Trump's Cabinet of corruption  where they are spending large amounts of taxpayers' money on luxury  private travel.   We could do that, right?    But, again, let me just remind people  that my committee that I sit on, the House Judiciary Committee,  actually did exercise that power, and they used that  [[Page H7713]]  power to look into, again, ready for this? Hillary Clinton's emails.   The last time I checked, Hillary Clinton is not President, nor is she  running for President. It is another example of the Republicans in this  House who are focused on the past. Democrats are focused on the future.  We want to reduce healthcare costs, address the opioid epidemic, invest  in infrastructure to increase wages, and get corruption out of  government.    It is really simple. At the end of the  day, Congress should not be going on recess before we do the important  work on behalf of the American people.   