 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from New York for his  leadership on this issue.   Over 26 years ago I graduated from medical school and took an oath-- an oath that hundreds of thousands of doctors have taken over the  years--to do good, to do no harm, and to help our patients make the  best healthcare decisions that affect their own circumstances.   But this bill, Mr. Speaker, would criminalize the practice of  medicine and questions doctors' judgments. This bill attempts to  intimidate doctors from providing safe, evidence-based healthcare. It  would set the precedent that those without medical training can make  choices for patients and dictate medical practices.  [[Page H563]]    Why are we having politicians fill in for doctors?   Get the politicians out of the delivery room and let doctors care for  their patients.   There is no disagreement that every baby born should receive all the  medical care and treatment to survive. We are all in agreement. That is  not what this bill is about. This bill is an attempt to undermine a  woman's access to safe and legal reproductive health services. It is a  blatant attempt to intimidate doctors from practicing the medicine that  is in the best interest of their patients.   That is why I, along with my colleague and fellow physician, Dr.  Ruiz, attempted to offer an amendment that upholds existing law that  healthcare providers must exercise the same skill, care, and diligence  as they would any other child born at the same gestational age.    It would have stopped Members of Congress, most of whom  have no medical training, from interfering with how doctors practice  medicine, because these decisions should be between a doctor and  their patients.    I have always said that a woman's healthcare decision should be  between her and her doctor, and that being a woman is not a preexisting  condition.   As one of the few doctors who serves in this Chamber, listen to your  doctor. I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.'' That is what this doctor  orders. Listen to him.   