 Mr. President, I cannot help but note that the fiscal year  began October 1 last year. Four months have passed. That is 122 days  since the start of the fiscal year, and we still don't have a budget  deal to allow us to finish the fiscal year 2018 appropriations bills.  That is 122 days, and the Congress has not done their job.   Recently, President Trump has taken to Twitter. He has accused  Democrats of holding up funding for our troops. Well, the idea that  Democrats are holding up defense spending doesn't pass the laugh test.  I mean, last July--7 months ago--I called for bipartisan budget  negotiations, something we have always done in the past. As the vice  chairman of Appropriations, I put forward a proposal that would  increase defense spending by $54 billion and would increase nondefense  spending by an equal amount of $54 billion. Basically, what we did when  Senator Murray and then-Congressman Ryan worked out the budget  agreement. We did that years ago based on parity. The proposal was  responsible, it was reasonable, and it was based on parity. It was  something we have done for years. It would have fully funded President  Trump's budget request for our military, but it would also have  provided much needed relief from the damaging effects of sequestration  that we have seen on both sides of the ledger, defense and nondefense.    But instead of trying to reach a bipartisan budget deal to allow us  to finish our spending bills on time, the Republican leadership, which  controls the agenda, had other priorities. They spent the last 7 months  trying to repeal healthcare for millions of Americans and rolling back  important consumer protections. They cut environmental and workplace  protections, protections for women in the workplace, and they passed  budget-busting tax cuts that primarily benefit big corporations and the  wealthiest Americans. As a result of doing that, the funding for our  troops, as well as for key domestic priorities, has been left to limp  along under four continuing resolutions.   Yesterday, the Trump administration--and I wonder if they have  actually looked at the President's budget--accused Democrats of holding  defense spending hostage over arbitrary demands for lower priority  domestic programs.   I am curious. What are the domestic programs the Trump administration  considers a lower priority? Do they consider the services for our  veterans that are lacking around this country--do they think helping  our veterans is a lower priority? What about the funding to combat the  opioid epidemic? Every single State represented by every single Senator  here, Republican and Democrat alike, in every corner of our country,  has been hurt by the opioid epidemic. Is the Trump administration  saying that is a lower priority? How about investments in education for  our Nation's children? Is that a lower priority? Is disaster relief for  our communities that have been devastated by hurricanes--there are so  many--a lower priority? What about replacing our crumbling bridges all  across the country before people start dying in record numbers? Is that  a lower priority?   The President puts before us a false choice, and it makes me wonder  if he is actually seeing the budget his administration proposes. There  is no reason we  [[Page S565]]  can't fight for and fund both our military and other domestic programs.  It is not an either/or choice. It has never been an either/or choice,  whether we have had a Democratic or Republican administration.   One thing we do know is that operating under four continuing  resolutions is no way to govern. I think it is time to get serious  about reaching a deal.   Later today, the House is going to pass another Defense  appropriations bill that will exceed the budget caps by $73 billion,  and they don't even know where it will be spent. But if you don't have  a budget deal to raise the caps, this would be a false promise to our  military because that funding level would trigger a sequester. It would  force a 13-percent across-the-board cut on defense programs. It is not  a serious bill; it is a messaging bill.   There are those who are going to tout it on the floor of the House,  saying: Look what we are doing to raise it. Will they at least take a  moment to say that it actually cuts our defense programs 13 percent  across the board? I asked the Secretary of Defense what he thinks about  that. He says it would be a disaster.   What we are doing is we have been substituting sound bites for  substance. I think we are past the time for that kind of messaging.   The budget and the appropriations process are where we set our  priorities as a nation and where we put those priorities into action.  That has been our policy here in the Senate under Democratic and under  Republican leadership for decades. Instead of doing this basic job,  Congress and the President have put the Federal budget on perpetual  autopilot, so it never gets done. It comes up, we talk about it, and it  doesn't get done. It comes up again, we talk about it, and it doesn't  get done. The can has been kicked down the road over and over again.   It makes me think of ``Groundhog Day.'' We are coming up on Groundhog  Day. Well, it is ``Groundhog Day,'' plus a sequel, plus another sequel,  plus another sequel and yet another sequel. Well, that may have been a  funny movie, but this is real life for over 300 million Americans, and  100 Americans are entrusted to make their lives better.   Kicking the can down the road and playing ``Groundhog Day'' is  corrosive and damaging to our Nation and to the American people in  countless ways.   Certainly, my experience with a Republican administration and a  Democratic administration, many times in the majority in this body and  many times in the minority in this body--one thing I have learned, and  many of my Republican colleagues tell me the same thing, is that you  can't govern by continuing resolution. It is easy. It means you don't  have to do your work. But neither the military nor our country can  properly function under sequestration. They can't function if we don't  do our jobs.    This week, we are taking another recess after this afternoon. I wish  we would just stay here and get these bills passed. I am willing to.  Vermont is a very nice place to be this time of year--great skiing,  lovely place. I have kids and grandkids there, but I will stay here if  it means we can get the appropriations bills passed, get us off this  corrosive, wasteful continuation of a continuing resolution and  sequestration.   The continuing resolution expires on February 8. That is 9 days from  today. It is up to the Republican leadership in both Chambers to get  serious about striking a bipartisan budget deal. I believe there is  something we can do. Talking with both Republican and Democratic  Senators, I think we could have a budget deal that would get 60 votes  in the Senate. We could raise the caps. We could take care of defense  but also take care of a lot of priorities we hear about when we walk  down Main Street in the towns and cities we represent. These aren't  people who have a partisan attitude; they just want to see the  government work.   The States that have suffered from hurricanes and flooding want to  see us help them as a nation. If their community is devastated by  opioids, they want to see us do something about it. They would like to  see the Federal Government do something about stopping the millions of  opioids flooding into this country illegally from China. They are not  coming across the wall; they are coming from China through the mail,  through the post offices we all have in our communities.   Let's start to look at the real threats to America. You don't do it  by sound bites; you do it by substance and hard work. There are many  Senators on both sides of the aisle who are willing to do that hard  work. We have unbelievably talented staff from both Republicans and  Democrats who have been working very hard to get us there. Let's start  doing that. Let's stop looking for the sound bite. Let's start looking  for the substance. I am ready to. I have talked with key Members of  both parties about this. It can be done.   I felt honored the other day when Senator Robert Dole, one the titans  of this body--a Republican, a conservative Republican--asked me to be  one of the two Senators to speak when he received the Congressional  Gold Medal. We had a chance to chat first about how we used to do it.  Without sounding like the old-timer talking about the good old days,  what we would do is the Republicans and Democrats--key Members of both  parties--would sit down and we would work something out because we  could take each other's word for it. We set aside political posturing,  and we did what was best for the country.   Senator Dole joined with Senator Moynihan--a conservative Republican  and a liberal Democrat--and they saved Social Security. Senator Dole  joined with Senator George McGovern--again, a conservative Republican  and a liberal Democrat. As a result, millions of children were fed,  others were fed, hungry people were fed in this country and in other  countries. What a great humanitarian gesture. Both Senator Dole and  Senator McGovern fought in World War II. Both had a distinguished  military career. Senator Dole was severely injured. Senator McGovern  volunteered to fly many, many missions beyond the number he was  required to, even though so many planes in those missions were being  shot down. But they came back and said: OK. We did that. Now what are  we doing for the people we fought to save?   We should listen to people like that. We should listen to them. We  would be a better Senate, we would be a better country if we did.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   