 Mr. President, I rise today, as my colleague from North  Dakota has just done, to speak in support of Senate bill S. 2155, the  Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act.   In response to the 2008 financial crisis, many individuals  overreacted to the role that smaller institutions played. In the rush  to react, these institutions became overregulated. But since the  drafting and enactment of Dodd-Frank nearly 10 years ago, Congress has  looked for ways to lessen the damaging effects it has had on our  financial system in America. As a result of the Dodd-Frank Act,  thousands of pages of Federal mandates were imposed upon even the  smallest of financial institutions.   Community banks all across the country are the key source of lending  and other financial services on Main Street throughout this Nation. I  believe we should not, and must not, continue to require them to comply  with the same regulations as our largest financial institutions that  are, perhaps, subject to systemic risk.   This bill before us today fixes that by offering a commonsense  approach to ensure that our small and medium-sized financial  institutions are no longer subject to excessive regulation that has  choked the life from them in the country.   Senate bill S. 2155 is a result of almost 10 years of negotiations  among Members of both parties. This legislation was negotiated in good  faith between Republicans and Democrats to find common ground. In a  time when partisan politics have derailed many efforts, the bill before  us moved through regular order out of the Banking Committee, where a  lengthy and robust amendment debate occurred. Many of us in this body,  including the Presiding Officer, have spent hours upon hours  negotiating since the enactment of Dodd-Frank to get to this point  today. This is a bipartisan bill. This is a good product.   Time and again, I have advocated for conducting thorough cost-benefit  analysis on financial regulations. I believe it is Congress's role,  when tasked with oversight authority, to ensure that the costs of rules  from Washington do not outweigh the benefits for consumers. However,  even a simple examination of the activities of small and medium-sized  banks shows that their practices provide no systemic risk to our  financial system.   Many Dodd-Frank regulations are inappropriate for these institutions  in the country. This has become abundantly clear to most of us. As  regulatory overreach progressed, community banks and, in turn, local  economies began to fall on hard times.   In the 115th Congress, I believe the dynamics have shifted. Beginning  with our work to reform our Nation's tax system, the economy has been  performing well. Unemployment has dropped; the total number of  individuals returning to the workforce has increased. In the Senate, we  now have a unique opportunity to unlock the chains of stagnation that  have halted the growth of a lot of our small business.   Community financial institutions provide more than 60 percent of  small business loans in this country. Too often, it is easy to forget  that the personalized touch of community banks has been what started  the process for success of some of the most accomplished businesses in  the United States of America. I believe we must pass this bill if we  want that to continue--if we want to keep creating jobs in this country  and opportunities for our people.   In response to my friends from the other side of the aisle who oppose  our efforts here, I have one simple message: The Economic Growth,  Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act--the bill we have before  the Senate now--is a thoughtful, bipartisan effort to correct and  rightsize regulations that were hastily prepared. This product is  designed to help Main Street, not Wall Street.   This is a good bill. I hope my colleagues will join me and others in  support of it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   