 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in a few minutes, hopefully, the Senate  will vote to invoke cloture on the motion to concur on the America's  Water Infrastructure Act of 2018. In preparing to take this vote, I  want to remind our colleagues why this bill is so important not just  for our country's economy but for our environment as well.   The Senator from Wyoming, Mr. Barrasso, will mention shortly that  this is a comprehensive bill that supports the Army Corps of Engineers.  It supports EPA's drinking water and wastewater programs. It authorizes  the Corps to construct, modify, study, and expedite more than 100 water  resource development projects. It prepares our country's water  infrastructure for extreme weather events to avoid devastation caused  by storms like Hurricane Florence by reauthorizing levee and dam safety  programs through 2023.   It also establishes programs to make communities more resistant to  sea level rise. It reauthorizes, for the first time in 22 years, the  Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Fund, which provides for needed  investments in water and sanitation infrastructure all across our  country.   This bill would also nearly double the size of this critical loan  program from $1 billion to almost $2 billion by 2021. It expands the  existing $60 million annual small and disadvantaged communities program  to allow for the testing and treatment of contamination in drinking  water systems. It provides schools with the resources needed to address  lead contamination.   This bipartisan bill is a major win for families across the country.  It passed both the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee and  the House unanimously, and I urge my colleagues in the Senate to vote  yes on this cloture motion.   Before I yield, I just want to say to my friend Senator Barrasso how  proud I have been to work with him. Our staffs are really a model of  the way this place should work. We worked well not only with our  colleagues on our committee and outside of our committee but also with  the folks over in the House of Representatives. I will talk about them  later today. To my chairman, it is a real pleasure to work with you on  this one.    Mr. President, I rise today, along with the chairman,  Senator Barrasso, to further discuss the important piece of  infrastructure legislation that he has outlined that will positively  affect the States of every Member of this body. I want to encourage  each of our colleagues to support it.   Over the course of August and early September, the Senate Environment  and Public Works Committee reached an agreement with our counterparts  in the House to advance America's Water Infrastructure Act of 2018.   Our chairman, John Barrasso, and I coauthored this bill and did so  with the help of the majority and minority staffs of the Environment  and Public Works Committee over the better part of this past year. I  want to take a moment to thank our chairman, as I have earlier, for his  leadership. I want to thank the chairman and ranking member of the  Infrastructure Subcommittee of EPW, Jim Inhofe and Ben Cardin, for  their leadership in producing this critical bipartisan legislation.   I want to thank the members of their staffs and especially the  majority and minority member EPW staffs, without whose help this bill  would not be before us today. Collectively, you have done a terrific  job. I am proud of you. As we say in the Navy, Bravo Zulu, which means  ``well done.''   As some of you may recall, the Senate's version of the bill was  reported out of the Environment and Public Works Committee unanimously  a few months back. On September 13, the bill passed the House of  Representatives unanimously on a voice vote.   People back home say to me: Why can't you just work together? Well,  in this case, we have, and I think the results speak for themselves. I  am hopeful and encouraged that this bill will receive the same strong  support in the Senate this week.   In a Congress and a country that are all too often divided, it is  refreshing to me and I think to others as well that we have been able  to come together to authorize water infrastructure and drinking water  programs that are both vital and critical to the American people's way  of life.   America's Water Infrastructure Act of 2018 is a win-win for our  Nation's economy and for our environment. This bill should serve as a  model for how we can get meaningful legislation done in Congress, and I  hope it will serve as a model.   This legislation supports the ongoing work of the U.S. Army Corps of  Engineers. It does so by reauthorizing the Corps' program for flood  control, for beach and shoreline maintenance, and for the maintenance  of inland and coastal waterways through which the goods that enter and  depart from American ports travel.   The Corps' Civil Works Program is our Nation's largest and I believe  the world's biggest water resources undertaking. This program addresses  a wide variety of priorities, including ship navigability; flood risk  management; beach and shoreline protection; renewable energy, such as  hydropower; water supply; and environmental restoration and  stewardship. In fact, over 99 percent of U.S. overseas trade moves  through the waterways which the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is  responsible for maintaining. Think of that--99 percent.   In fact, this bill supports the Corps' operation and maintenance of  13,000 miles of commercial deep-draft ship channels and 12,000 miles of  commercial inland waterways. These ports and waterways serve a combined  40 States and transport much of our country's waterborne cargo.   The new authorizations that this bill provides are critically needed.  Much of the infrastructure that the Corps is responsible for across the  country now exceeds its useful lifespan. As a result, we have an  enormous construction backlog of needed infrastructure investments. The  latest estimates from the Army Corps indicate that the overall  construction backlog is in the neighborhood of $96 billion, while the  annual budget of the Army Corps hovers around $4.6 billion. Think of  that--$96 billion on the one hand and $4.6 billion on the other hand.  Those two numbers reflect the extraordinary challenge the Army Corps  faces--a challenge we begin to address with this legislation. This bill  addresses that backlog by providing new tools that will allow the  government to partner with the Corps and leverage existing resources to  make sure we get the most bang for our buck.   This legislation also increases local participation, transparency,  and accountability in developing the Army Corps' annual budget. It is  my hope that enhanced local participation will allow for a more  transparent and long-term look at the Corps' activities and help build  a greater groundswell of support for increased appropriations to fund  the agency's initiatives.   The measure before us also authorizes critical Corps of Engineers  disaster programs. When disaster strikes, the Federal Government often  steps in and helps, as it did last year in Puerto Rico,  Florida, Louisiana, Texas, and this year in the Carolinas. A large part  of that help is provided by the Army Corps of Engineers--something that  may come as a surprise to Americans who don't realize the critical role  the Corps plays in responding to all sorts of emergencies.    In addition, this bill includes new authorities to help protect  communities and ecosystems in coastal States like Delaware and Maryland  and States across our country from some of the worst impacts of extreme  weather events. This measure includes provisions that allow communities  to recover more quickly, too, when disaster does strike and facilitates  rebuilding facilities in ways that are more resilient to future storms.   This legislation also makes key changes in emergency response, post- disaster recovery, and resiliency efforts so that the Army Corps thinks  long-term instead of short-term when it selects solutions that it will  implement. But the bill goes even further. It enables the Corps to  pursue the best possible solutions to make communities more resistant  to storm damage, whether those solutions are a traditionally  constructed levee or a natural alternative, like the reconstructed  dunes we are using along the Delaware coast and other places too.   Earlier this year, NOAA announced that the total cost for extreme  weather and climate events in 2017 exceeded $300 billion. That is a new  U.S. annual record--$300 billion in 1 year, last year. It is not a  matter of if the next extreme weather event is coming, it is a matter  of when. As storm events, such as Hurricane Florence, grow more  powerful and prevalent, threatening American lives and infrastructure,  the passage of this bill--a bill that will help protect coastal  communities from the risk of flooding--has never been more important.   In addition to strengthening key Corps programs, this bill also  addresses key programs at EPA for major drinking water and wastewater  needs across our country. For the first time in over 20 years, this  bill reauthorizes the Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Fund, too.  That program provides Federal assistance to help communities with clean  drinking water. It does so through no-interest, low-interest, and  [[Page S6717]]  forgivable loans that help communities in a variety of ways gain access  to capital that would otherwise be unavailable. It is my hope that one  day we can eventually add grants back into this program for communities  that need the help the most, but that is probably a longer conversation  somewhere down the line.   The ongoing crisis in Flint that we are now seeing play out in far  too many communities across our country is tragic but avoidable if we  invest in water infrastructure more wisely. This bill makes it clear  that we have learned our lesson, and we are beginning to take some  steps to address this enormous challenge.   Some of our colleagues may recall that earlier this year Senator  Duckworth and I hosted a drinking water roundtable here on Capitol  Hill. The image of her holding up in her hand a baby bottle with  formula made from contaminated drinking water is an image that is hard  for me to forget.   This bill authorizes more resources for EPA to make sure that every  parent, no matter what their ZIP Code is, where they live, can be  confident that the water coming out of the tap at home or at their  children's school is safe for their kids to drink. Toward that end,  this legislation not only reauthorizes the safe drinking water  revolving loan program, it nearly doubles its funding. By fiscal year  2021, the program will grow from the current authorization of $1  billion to almost $2 billion.   Perhaps most notably, especially in light of the avoidable  devastation and tragedy we saw in the wake of Hurricanes Maria and  Harvey, this bill authorizes $100 million to repair drinking water  systems damaged by storms and creates a new program that helps protect  drinking water systems from extreme weather events.   This legislation allows States that detect contaminants in drinking  water to provide assistance to residents who depend on private water  wells. This provision should matter to every Member of Congress whose  residents rely significantly on wells for their water consumption  needs, and we have them in every single State across America. I don't  know about other States, but one in six Delawareans depends on private  wells for their drinking water. It is not fair that if contaminants end  up in their water through no fault of the resident, the resident has to  find a way to rectify that situation on their own. Without this bill,  these taxpayers get no support, and that is not right.   This bill goes way beyond addressing emergency situations. It  provides a framework for updating and expanding water infrastructure  systems throughout our country at both the EPA and the Army Corps of  Engineers.   As I mentioned earlier, the bill authorizes $50 million for technical  assistance to help schools and daycare centers deal with lead  contamination in their drinking water and another $5 million per year  in grants for modernizing, testing, and replacing the lead components  that are causing the water contamination. This provision is going to be  particularly helpful in places like Chicago and Baltimore, where there  are schools operating with no usable drinking water fountains.   Oftentimes, our water infrastructure is the forgotten leg of the  infrastructure stool. We rightly worry about the infrastructure we can  see, such as bridges, highways, airports, and railroads, but our water  infrastructure--our pipes, shipping channels, flood control structures;  the infrastructure we don't see but rely on every day--is also in  desperate need of investment in many parts of America.   Before I yield the floor today, I want to again thank our chairman,  Senator Barrasso, and our Senators from Maryland and Oklahoma who are  the cochairs of the Infrastructure Subcommittee of Environment and  Public Works and other members of our committee and frankly those who  are not fortunate enough to serve on our committee. I thank them for  their hard work throughout this process.   I thank our colleagues over in the House--Congressmen Shuster,  DeFazio, Walden, and Pallone--who were great partners of ours. When we  work together as Democrats and Republicans in both Chambers, we are  stronger, and when we are stronger here, we are stronger across our  country.   Finally, I thank the Assistant Secretary of the U.S. Army Corps of  Engineers, R.D. James, who has made this legislation a priority for the  Army Corps and for the administration. He and his team worked with us  to craft a bill that I think we can all be proud of, and I am.   I want to mention again that as smart as John Barrasso and I and the  other Senators who serve on our committee and here in the Senate are,  this bill wouldn't be before us if we didn't have some very smart  people on our staffs. One is sitting right here next to me today, and  some others are standing behind me. I see over on the Republican  majority side some terrific members of staff who work under the  leadership of our chairman. I want to take a moment to take my hat  off--I wish I were wearing my hat. If I were, I would take it off to  all of you, as well.    Let me end today with an African proverb that I think is particularly  relevant. It goes something like this: If you want to go fast, travel  alone. If you want to go far, travel together.   By working together, we crafted legislation that is both substantive  and needed. This proposal stands as a timely example of how we can set  aside our differences and get meaningful work done for the people who  sent us here and expected us to accomplish really important things like  this on their behalf.   The underlying bill before us is one that delivers a lot of good to  the American people. At the same time, it represents good public policy  that is fiscally responsible. It is deserving of the support of our  colleagues in the Senate. I hope they will join us in supporting its  passage.   I yield the floor.   