 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues from Hawaii and  Arizona for their support.   Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of H.R. 6666, a bill to  authorize the Secretary of the Interior to grant an easement to the  city of New York for operation and maintenance of the Staten Island  seawall project, following its completion.   I have lived on Staten Island my entire life and was there with my  fellow residents as Superstorm Sandy devastated our community. New York  suffered an astronomical $19 billion in damages, and nearly 1.2 million  of my neighbors were without power. We lost 43 New Yorkers during that  storm, 24 of them from Staten Island and several more from a portion of  the district that I represent in Brooklyn. This project will help my  constituents to recover.   This will be transformative for tens of thousands of Staten  Islanders, as it will give them the comprehensive flood protection and  flood insurance relief that they need. When the project is 50 percent  complete, many people will begin to receive discounts in their flood  insurance premiums. When the project is completed, most of the families  living on the other side of this project will have no requirement to  have flood insurance coverage at all. It will be a truly life-changing  project for them.   Mr. Speaker, I ask that the House approve this legislation under a  suspension of the rules so that the seawall project can bring these  benefits to my neighbors on Staten Island.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 1055, to  affirm strong United States-Liberian ties and support for democratic  principles, and call for full implementation of the Truth and  Reconciliation Commission recommendations, including the establishment  of an Extraordinary Criminal Tribunal for Liberia.   My district, Staten Island and South Brooklyn, is home to thousands  of Liberians who have fled the turbulence of civil war. My constituents  have directly told me how important it is to them that Liberia  establish an extraordinary war crimes tribunal.   At this very moment, people who have committed unspeakable war crimes  hold positions in the Liberian Government. Murder, rape, mutilation,  torture, unfortunately, Liberia has seen it all. Although it has been  decades since these atrocities have occurred, wounds cannot be healed  without justice for victims.   Moreover, this lack of accountability is leading Liberia into a slow  creep backwards towards the murderous mayhem of its civil war days.  Without the justice Liberians are rightfully clamoring for, I fear  there will be further violence and turbulence. This is why it is so  crucial to call upon Liberia to establish a war crimes tribunal.   As a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, I have had the great  pleasure of working with Chairman Royce and Ranking Member Engel and  the chairman of my subcommittee, Mr. Smith of New Jersey. The  bipartisan manner in which they have conducted committee business in  order to move impactful and consequential legislation is something  truly to be admired and replicated.   Thank you, Chairman Royce.   Thank you to Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Engel, Chairman Smith,  and my Democratic coleader, Congressman Hank Johnson, and all of our  other cosponsors for supporting this resolution.   I would also like to thank the committee staff, especially Meg  Gallagher, Sean ONeill, and Marie Spear, for their work on this matter.   I urge all my colleagues to support this resolution and continue to  seek justice across the globe.   