 Mr. President, I rise to express my concern about the  continued violence and humanitarian crisis in Yemen and to share my  views on the resolution that is currently before us. The conflict in  Yemen has persisted for far too long. I strongly support the efforts of  the U.N. Special Envoy for Yemen, Martin Griffiths, to bring the  internationally recognized Government of Yemen and the Houthis to the  negotiating table in the near future, with the goal of reaching a  sustainable political solution. I also welcome the call by Secretary  Mattis and others for a cease-fire that would provide space for such  negotiations to occur while also providing a measure of relief to the  Yemeni population that has suffered so horrifically during this  conflict.   According to the United Nations, half of Yemen's population-- approximately 14 million people--are on the brink of famine and  entirely reliant on external aid for their own survival. These  challenges have been exacerbated by mass displacement in much of the  country and recent fighting in the vicinity of Hudaydah--one of Yemen's  only functioning ports through which approximately 70 percent of  Yemen's food and other supplies enter the country. Even when food is  available for purchase, reports indicate that currency inflation has  made it too expensive for most Yemenis to afford. More must be done by  both the coalition and the Houthis to facilitate the flow of  humanitarian aid into and throughout Yemen.   I also have significant concerns about persistent reports of civilian  casualties and damage to civilian infrastructure in Yemen caused by  both the Houthis and the coalition of Armed Forces led primarily by  Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, UAE.  [[Page S7161]]  According to the United Nations, there have been nearly 17,000  documented civilian casualties since the beginning of the conflict,  although that number is likely much higher given the difficulty of  investigating such incidents in a conflict zone. Most of these  casualties have been the result of airstrikes led by the Saudi-led  coalition.   Unfortunately, well-intentioned efforts by the United States to help  the coalition avoid civilian casualties have not produced sufficient  results. Far too many of the strikes by the coalition have killed or  injured civilians and resulted in the destruction of infrastructure  needed to provide basic services to the population, thereby  exacerbating the humanitarian crisis.   Secretary Pompeo's September certification that the coalition is  taking demonstrable action--in his words--to reduce the risk to  civilians does not seem to be borne out by the facts on the ground.  According to reports, civilian casualty incidents increased  dramatically over the summer. Indeed, Secretary Pompeo's own  certification acknowledged that ``recent civilian casualty incidents  indicate insufficient implementation reforms and targeting processes''  and ``investigations have not yielded accountability measures'' into  the behavior of coalition pilots flying missions into Yemen.   Any U.S. support to the Saudi-led coalition needs to be considered in  a thoughtful and deliberate manner. From a policy perspective, we  should distinguish between assistance that is provided for defensive or  noncombat purposes and that which could be used to enable offensive  military operations in the Yemeni civil war. I strongly support the  recent announcement by Secretary of Defense Mattis that the U.S. would  no longer provide aerial refueling support to the Saudi-led coalition-- an outcome I have long advocated for.   Earlier this year, I led an effort with Senator Blumenthal and a  number of other colleagues to raise concern about the apparent  inability of the Department of Defense to account for the required  reimbursements from members of the Saudi-led coalition for aerial  refueling support provided by the United States. We were informed  yesterday afternoon that, as a result of our inquiry, the Department  has found errors in accounting and will now be seeking full  reimbursement from Saudi Arabia and UAE for aerial refueling support  provided from March 2015 through September of this year--an action that  is expected to recover millions of dollars in U.S. taxpayer funds.   Going forward, I believe that any U.S. assistance to members of the  Saudi-led coalition should be explicitly limited to the following  objectives: first, enabling counterterrorism operations against al- Qaida and ISIS; second, defending the territorial integrity of Saudi  Arabia and the UAE, including against ballistic missile and UAV  threats; third, preserving freedom of navigation in the maritime  environment around Yemen; and fourth, enhancing the training and  professionalism of their armed forces, with a primary focus on the  adherence to the law of armed conflict and the prevention of civilian  casualties.   With particular regard to defense against ballistic missile and UAV  threats, the United States cannot be in the position of providing  targeting information in Yemen that would be misused by Saudi or UAE  forces either deliberately or through carelessness.   I recently joined a bipartisan group of colleagues in introducing a  bill that would advance these principles. Among other things, the bill  would suspend offensive weapon sales to Saudi Arabia, prohibit a  resumption of U.S. refueling of Saudi-led coalition aircraft, and  require sanctions for persons blocking humanitarian access and those  who are supporting the Houthis in Yemen. I believe these actions would  contribute to a resolution of the conflict in Yemen by making the best  use of the tools and leverage available to the United States.   The United States can and should engage with the Saudi-led coalition  if there is a possibility that we can help minimize collateral damage  by providing them with training and advice on best practices. To date,  such engagement by U.S. military personnel has resulted in the  incorporation of a no-strike list into target development procedures, a  cessation of the use of cluster munitions, and the formation of a joint  assessment team to investigate strikes that result in collateral  damage. These are positive steps, but it is clear that the coalition  has not sufficiently minimized the impact of the war on Yemeni  civilians, and more must be done.   Both Saudi Arabia and the UAE face a significant threat from Houthi  rebels armed with ballistic missiles--apparently with the technical  assistance of Iran. There have reportedly been dozens of such attacks  against Saudi Arabia since the spring of 2015, including against  numerous civilian targets. I support the right of our partners to  defend themselves from these threats and believe that continued sharing  of U.S. intelligence for strictly defensive purposes--not to be used as  an excuse for offensive operations in Yemen--is appropriate.   I continue to support U.S. engagement for the purposes and in  accordance with the principles outlined above--activities that I do not  believe conflict with the War Powers Resolution. The resolution before  us would make clear that Congress does not support the introduction of  U.S. forces into hostilities in Yemen absent an affirmative  authorization for the use of military force. I commend my colleagues-- Senators Sanders, Murphy, and Lee--for their continued efforts to keep  focus on the need to bring an end to the violence in Yemen.   When we last considered this resolution 8 months ago, I was hopeful  that a negotiated settlement to the conflict was attainable and  expressed concern about the possibility of escalation. I also hoped  that the principles I articulated above could be rigorously adhered to.  Unfortunately, since that time, fighting in Yemen has continued to  intensify, civilian casualty incidents have risen, and the humanitarian  crisis has only worsened. The status quo cannot persist, and the Senate  should take every opportunity to make its views clear. For that reason,  I intend to support this resolution.   Moreover, the administration must make it clear to both the Saudi-led  coalition and the Houthis that there is no military solution to this  conflict and that the time has come to reach a negotiated settlement.  The conflict in Yemen has negatively impacted the strategic security  interests of the Saudis, the Emiratis, and the United States. It has  emboldened Iran and relieved pressure on al-Qaida and ISIS. Most  importantly, the conflict has resulted in the largest humanitarian  disaster facing the world in recent memory. It is time for this war to  stop.   It is also appropriate to reassess our relationship with Saudi Arabia  in response to the brazen murder of Jamal Khashoggi and other  violations of human rights. We must ensure that all individuals who  played a role in directing, planning, and carrying out the murder are  held accountable. Despite denials by the President, it is inconceivable  to me that such an operation would be conducted without at least the  awareness of Crown Prince Muhammed bin Salman--if not in its planning,  then certainty in its immediate aftermath. The Crown Prince effectively  controls all levers of power in Saudi Arabia, and it is no coincidence  that those who have been publicly identified as most directly  responsible for the murder included his closest adviser and numerous  members of the Saudi Royal Guard. If the Saudis are now being honest-- despite repeated denials and shifting explanations for the  disappearance of Khashoggi--then they should voluntarily submit to an  independent international investigation.   President Trump should also publicly release a declassified  assessment of our intelligence community with respect to what role  Saudi Crown Prince Muhammed bin Salman and other Saudi leaders had in  the murder.   Finally, the Senate should immediately take up and pass the  bipartisan Saudi Arabia Accountability and Yemen Act of 2018, which is  comprehensive legislation to ensure effective congressional oversight  of U.S. policy toward Saudi Arabia and Yemen, and demand meaningful  accountability for the murder of Jamal Khashoggi.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   