 Mr. President, since the tragedy 3 weeks ago tomorrow in  Parkland, FL, we have all, as a nation, had a conversation about how  did this happen, why did it happen, and what can we do to make sure  something like this never happens again. As part of that conversation,  we have spent a significant amount of time talking to all sorts of  different groups and individuals--from students and teachers impacted  by this to experts across the country, to other communities that have  put in place policies to address this. We have learned a lot about not  just this particular incident but some of the dangers around the  country.   It is interesting, just in the last couple of weeks since it  happened, you have seen a significant increase in the number of  potential shooters who have been reported to law enforcement and people  who have been arrested. I think one of the lessons from this terrible  tragedy is, we live in a day and age when someone who is out there  talking about hurting people has to be taken seriously. We can no  longer afford to be a country in which people make these sorts of  threats, and they are taken lightly.   Based on all of this information we have gathered, last week I came  to the floor and announced a number of initiatives that I hope the  Senate will move forward on to make sure these things never happen  again. It is important to begin by recognizing that those of us who  serve here are in the business of passing laws and making public  policy. Making public policy isn't just about coming up with the best  idea you can come up with, but it is also about coming up with the best  idea you can come up with that actually has a chance of being  implemented into law. What that means is, in order to get something  done, we need 60 votes in the Senate on virtually any issue, we need a  majority of the votes in the House, and we need a White House that is  willing to sign it. If those three things don't happen, you do not have  a law.   So what we spent time trying to do is identify what can we get 60  votes for in the Senate, can pass in the House, and be signed by the  President that will make a difference. That has been our criteria. That  does not mean there are not other important issues that deserve to be  debated--and they will continue to be debated--but it means what can we  pass quickly and put in place because, unlike tax policy or some of the  other issues we talk about here, there is a time urgency related to  this. The time urgency is that it is fair to say there is a high  probability that somewhere in America today there is someone like the  killer in Parkland who has ideas about doing something similar, and we  do not have the luxury of waiting until November or waiting until next  year before we act, especially if there are things we agree on.   Something remarkable happened over the weekend. Almost all of the 17  families impacted by this horrifying event came together and spent a  significant amount of time meeting and talking because they wanted to  issue a joint statement as families. It was difficult because these  families and some of the people in these families have very different  views on a number of issues, including on the Second Amendment, but the  one thing they all agreed on is, our schools should be safe places and  that when we drop our children at school in the morning, they should be  safe, and no one should be worried there is a possibility their  children may not come home that afternoon because someone walked into  the school and took their life.   I would say that is not just true of these 17 families; I think that  is true of the country. No matter where you are on the issues regarding  the Second Amendment--how much or how little you believe our laws  should govern and regulate the sale of guns and what type of guns  should be sold--I cannot imagine there is anyone in this country in  their right mind who does not believe our schools should be safe. I  also do not believe there is anyone in this country in their right mind  who would disagree, if we have the opportunity to identify someone  before they act, we should act against them and stop them. Because  there is such broad consensus on those issues, those are the first  steps I believe we should try to take.   Now, sometimes when you describe it that way, people think, ``Well,  that is all you are going to do or that is all you want to talk  about,'' and that is not true. That can't be true because these Second  Amendment issues preexist Parkland. We have debated them in the past,  and we will continue to debate them in the future. They often find  their ways into court. So those issues aren't going anywhere, and they  will continue to be here for us to debate and act on, if the body so  chooses.   The issue that I am afraid will go away, the issue I am afraid may be  forgotten in a number of weeks is the fact that, in this case, there  was the chance to stop the shooter before he acted. There were clear  signs. It is one of the things you see in every single one of these  events. It isn't like from one moment to the next they woke up one  morning in a bad mood and did these sorts of things. They had been  showing signs, for a significant period of time, in case after case  after case. If we know this, should we not then create systems in this  country to identify people before they act and stop them?   On that point, I believe there is broad consensus, and on that point  is where I think we should start. Let's act. If there is a law we can  pass or a program we can put in place to prevent one of these things  from happening, let's do it. Obviously, we may part ways on different  views on the other parts of this, but at least, for now, we are  together to get these things done. This is the commonsense way forward.  This is the way people operate in real life.   In real life, if you and another group of people agree on something,  you do the thing you agree on first, you get that out of the way, and  then you have the debate and the vote on the things you may not have  a consensus on. We have a chance to do some things, and they are  meaningful.    The first is a bill Senator Hatch introduced yesterday. We joined  him, along with a broad bipartisan coalition, on the STOP School  Violence Act. Senator Hatch's bill is a bill that was innovated by  Sandy Hook Promise. It is their No. 1 legislative priority right now,  and it is a bill I cannot imagine having a single ``no'' vote in the  U.S. Senate. What the bill does is it basically creates a Federal grant  program through the Department of Justice for States and through the  States' local communities to create risk assessment programs--in  essence, to have programs in place to train teachers, administrators,  and students to identify the warning signs of someone who may hurt  themselves or may hurt other people. It also sets up a task force in  each one of these school districts to monitor these students, to  identify them collectively. For example, if it had existed in Broward  County or something like it that was effective, you can only imagine a  room where the sheriff's office and the school and the Department of  Children and Families and potentially even the FBI were all there  comparing notes. If those entities had been together in one room  comparing notes, the sheriff's office would have said we have been to  his house 40 times for all sorts of things. The school would have said  we had to kick him out, and we had to do all kinds of things because he  had fights, he was violent, and made threats. The FBI would say someone  actually called our hotline and said this guy was going to shoot up a  school. I cannot imagine, through that collaboration, there would not  have been action or, at least, the opportunity for action. It didn't  happen that way, and we have a chance now to change that.   By the way, I saw last week where it was described by some media  outlets as a modest bill. This is not modest. Just because it is not  controversial doesn't make it modest. Preventing an attack, identifying  an attacker, and stopping them before they act is the best thing we  could possibly do.   Hopefully, the STOP School Violence Act is something we will be able  to move on fairly quickly. The House announced earlier today that they  will be  [[Page S1367]]  taking that bill up next week on the floor, and I hope we will move  quickly to pass Senator Hatch's bill that has already over 20 other  Senators involved in it.   Another bill that has been filed that we have joined with as well,  with Senators Toomey and Coons, is ``Lie and Try.'' Another problem we  have identified in the broader scheme of things is that local law  enforcement may not always have sufficient information to investigate  individuals who try to buy a firearm, knowing that they are prohibited  from doing so. Under our current law, when a person fails an FBI  background check, some State law enforcement authorities are not even  made aware of the failed background check. Individuals who are willing  to lie and try to buy a gun in these situations could very well be very  dangerous, and laws are only as good as our willingness and our ability  to enforce them. We have to crack down on this. If someone who is  ineligible to buy a firearm is trying to buy a firearm, shouldn't law  enforcement already, at least, know that--because they may be able to  take that piece of information and put it together with other pieces of  information to realize this is someone we need to be looking at because  they might be up to something.   I hope we can pass that. Again, I cannot imagine anyone not being in  favor of it. This law would require Federal authorities to alert State  law enforcement within 24 hours when someone who is prohibited from  buying a firearm lies and tries to do so.   The third thing I hope we will look at--and we are working on the  language now to address this--is the PROMISE Initiative in schools. As  I already said, improving our prevention and information sharing  systems as the first two pieces of legislation would do is the best  thing we can do to stop school shootings before they happen, but these  systems will not work if the clearest warning signs of school  shootings--suspicious and violent misbehavior at the school--are not  reported in the appropriate places in the first place. Anything  blocking this flow of information is very dangerous, and it is a risk  to our children. For this reason, a directive to schools issued by the  Federal Government during the previous administration deserves for us  to look at it again.   In 2014, the Department of Education, working with the Department of  Justice, issued guidance which used the threat of reduced Federal  funding to encourage schools to alter how and which misconduct at  school is reported to law enforcement. Now, the goal of this directive  was to reduce the school-to-prison pipeline, to reduce suspensions and  expulsions, to prevent racially biased discipline. These are laudable  goals, which I share and support, but we have to balance that with some  common sense. The failure to report violent misbehavior from students-- like the shooter in Parkland--to law enforcement can end up having some  very serious repercussions as we saw. So no matter how laudable this  goal is, it is not worth risking the safety of our children or losing  the public's trust and the trust of our parents about sending their  kids to school. This directive needs to be refined. It has to allow for  schools and law enforcement to communicate, when warranted, for the  safety of the student and the community, and furthermore we need clear  pathways of intervention and repercussions that need to be established  and followed so local education agencies and law enforcement are  effectively able to work together to either navigate students back onto  the correct path, properly identify and address red flags that can lead  to severe consequences or prevent a student from being lost in the  system altogether.   Yesterday, I wrote to the Department of Education and the Department  of Justice, and I asked them to immediately revise this directive from  2014, and any associated guidance, to make sure that schools are  appropriately reporting violence and dangerous actions to local law  enforcement.   In addition to asking them to do that, proactively, I will also be  introducing legislation to make sure that the Federal Government does  not fail our children in this way.   Finally, I believe the Parkland shooting has identified an area of  law that can be improved to reduce gun violence of all kinds,  particularly school shootings. Amidst the many systems that we have in  place, law enforcement often lacks a flexible tool that they can use to  prevent the sale or the possession of guns to someone who should not  have them, based on their behavior and the behavior that they have  exhibited around those who know them best.   There has to be a way to identify and prevent circumstances like what  occurred in Parkland, while also preserving the Second Amendment  constitutional right of law-abiding Americans and the right to due  process. That is why we are working to try to figure out a way to  encourage States to enact policies like the gun violence restraining  order, so State and local law enforcement and families who have  identified someone who is at risk of either taking their own life or  hurting other people could petition a court to obtain a court order  that allows law enforcement temporarily to stop that person either from  buying a gun or from possessing that gun and the ammunition. This would  put power back in the hands of people who see something, not just to  say something, but they have the opportunity to do something about it.   We continue to work on what the right formulation of that is. The  most effective implementation is at the State level. We are trying to  figure it out with our colleagues. There are different ideas floating  around about the right way to structure it.   It has to have strong due process. You don't want this used to abuse  people. You don't want courts to misuse it or have it being used for  false claims, but we need to have a tool at our disposal. If the  schools and local law enforcement, and others, identify someone who  poses a threat but has yet to commit a crime, there has to be a tool  available to stop them from buying guns or using the ones they already  have.   The State of Florida is probably going to be passing, either today or  tomorrow, a law that puts that in State law. Other States like Indiana  and California have one as well. What can we do at the Federal level to  incentivize more States to do this and have these tools? That is what  we are working on.   Hopefully, we will have the resolution on a bill that doesn't just  work, but that can pass. We can all file the perfect bill in our own  minds, but if it doesn't have 60 votes, it is nothing but a piece of  paper. That is why we need to work toward that.   I want to conclude by mentioning one of the students, Kyle Kashuv,  who is a junior at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. Like many  students at that school, he is motivated to advocate for changes in our  laws to prevent something like what happened in his school from ever  happening again. In his advocacy, he wants to make sure that the Second  Amendment is protected. His No. 1 concern is to make sure that the  rights of innocent Americans aren't infringed upon.   His opinion on this issue might be different from some of his other  classmates, but that doesn't change their shared goal, which is to stop  this from happening to anyone ever again. Although their opinions may  vary, he and his classmates still go to school together and still root  for the same sports teams at their school. They take the same classes  with the same teachers, and they still faced the same danger on  February 14. As they lift their voices in political discourse to  advocate for change, they have differences. They have differences on  some issues, but they share a common goal, to keep themselves and  students like them safe.   I think we can learn something from this example--from them and from  their parents. The lessons learned from Parkland are that changes can  be made. Some of them I just mentioned action on would immediately  reduce the chances of school shootings but would not infringe upon the  Second Amendment rights of all Americans.   The Members elected to the Senate, like the students at Parkland,  have a wide array of opinions on many of these issues, but I think we  all share a common goal. We all agree that our schools should be safe.  So I am here to urge my colleagues to remember that we have to share a  country, no matter what our views may be on any political issue. We  have to find a way not just to live together but to thrive as a nation.  We have to find a way to keep our children safe. If we keep that in  mind, I am  [[Page S1368]]  sure we can work together to create real, enduring consensus on  solutions, on things we agree on that will stop these from happening  again.   We can have respectful and productive debates on the issues upon  which our Nation and this body are still divided, but let us first come  together and do the things we agree on. Then we will have the time to  argue and debate and solve the things we may not agree on. This is the  opportunity before us, and we should not let it pass us by.   I yield the floor.   