 Madam President, I watched the President on TV this  morning, and like most Americans, so many Americans, I was aghast. The  President seems to live in an alternative reality. He says things that  are patently false, and he thinks that just by saying them, they become  true. With the number of 180-degree turns--direct contradictions to  what he has said before--the name-calling, and blaming, if you watched  the President this morning and the way he acted, it was so unbecoming  of a President, unbecoming of a democracy.   We believe in truth. People may have different value systems, but to  just make up things as he goes along and to, without blinking an eye,  contradict things that he said that were exactly the opposite a few  hours, a few days, a few weeks ago is not who any President of any  party of any ideology should be.   What the President said this morning was embarrassing to America, to  democracy, and to any American who prizes truth.   One of the things the President said this morning was that he has  decided not to be involved in the Russia probe but may change his mind.  That is why it is so good this morning that the Judiciary Committee is  marking up bipartisan legislation that will protect Special Counsel  Mueller from political interference.   From the very beginning, Special Counsel Mueller's investigation has  been about following the facts of how a foreign, hostile power  interfered with our free and fair elections--the wellspring of our  democracy. That investigation must be allowed to proceed safely from  the President's heavy hand. The President can't make this go away by  name-calling. He can't dispute facts. He can't dispute the fact that  Russia's interfering in our election is very dangerous and must be  investigated no matter where it leads.   It is so abundantly clear from the President's remarks this morning  and from so many other things he has said that he has little regard for  the rule of law. He seems to have this view that the purpose of the  Justice Department is to protect his interests and persecute his  enemies. That is not a democracy. The purpose of the Justice Department  is to defend the rule of law, and no man or woman is above the law. It  is not, simply, to go after his friends. He is angry when the Justice  Department does something he doesn't like even though it is following  the law. Again, that is not the hallmark of our democracy.   I am so proud of our Judiciary Committee and Chairman Grassley in  their rising to the occasion--proposing and hopefully passing  legislation that says we will protect the rule of law and that we will  protect our democracy by not allowing the President to fire the special  counsel at will because he simply doesn't like the results he comes up  with.   Again, the Judiciary Committee, this morning, makes us proud. It  rises to the occasion to tell the President that he cannot tamper with  the very wellsprings of our democracy and that he will pay a bipartisan  price if he does.   I particularly praise Chairman Grassley. We have worked together on  many things, and we have had our differences on many things, but this  morning he is rising to the occasion. History regards such moments very  favorably. I hope we will get a large vote this morning.    The majority, I think.    Thank you. I appreciate very much the remarks of my  friend from Kansas. I hope these sprouts of bipartisanship can grow  into mighty oaks.   I yield the floor.   