 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, as we all know, in this country, in 2016,  the Russian Government weighed a covert, multifaceted criminal campaign  to interfere in our elections. We now know it was intended to help  then-Candidate Donald Trump win the Presidency. We don't know the full  impact of Russia's interference, but it is beyond debate that it  happened.   Russia, as we now found out, used inflammatory propaganda--it  actually was fake news--attempting to suppress Democratic turnout and  boost support for Donald Trump. They also stole communications  belonging to the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton  campaign, which were then strategically released to maximize their  impact. They were released at times when they could counter negative  news stories about Donald Trump.   Just last week, 12 Russian intelligence officers were charged with  hacking campaign officials' emails and State election boards. In just  over a year--in what may rank as the most productive special counsel  investigation in our Nation's history--32 people and 3 companies have  been charged or pled guilty as part of the Russian investigation. We  likely will not know the full extent of Russia's interference until the  special counsel's investigation is complete.   But what is clear--and this is what should concern Republicans and  Democrats alike--is that our democracy, our great country, was attacked  by a foreign adversary. And two days ago, on an international stage,  standing shoulder to shoulder with Vladimir Putin, our President sided  with that attacker.   Instead of forcefully condemning Russia's attack on our democracy,  its role in annexing Crimea, poisoning individuals with chemical  weapons on the soil of one of our closest allies, Russia's downing of a  passenger airline with nearly 300 innocent civilians onboard, or  undermining democracies around the world, our President offered only  praise for the authoritarian President Putin. He then repeated his  conspiracy theories about the FBI and called the Russia investigation a  ``witch-hunt''--denigrating our law enforcement institutions, while  standing beside the foe they work so hard to protect all Americans  from--Republicans and Democrats alike.   In my 44 years as a Senator, I have never seen anything like it. I  can think of no Republican President and no Democratic President who  would ever do this. I never thought it would be possible in our country  before President Trump took office.   Yesterday, the President attempted to walk back his decision to side  with Russia over our own intelligence agencies. He attempted to do it  because of the criticism he got from both Republicans and Democrats,  but as many of my colleagues told me would happen, President Trump  walked back his walk back. He reiterated that the interference ``could  have been other people. There are a lot of people out there.''   This morning on Twitter--where apparently he does his deepest  thinking--he claimed that people at the higher ends of intelligence  loved his press conference in Helsinki. I do not think anyone here  doubts that the President meant what he said and said what he meant in  Helsinki. And, after their two-hour private meeting in Helsinki, I do  not think President Putin has any doubt either.   We have to know that Russia shares neither our values nor our  interests. Russia is not our friend. Of course, we want to see improved  relations with Russia on Syria, on nuclear proliferation, and on many  critical issues, but for that to happen, Russia needs to respect our  democracy and values. We must not slouch down to theirs.   The United States is the leader of the free world. The free world is  under threat, as it has so often been. But these threats are not  supposed to come from within.   Just moments ago, when asked if Russia is still targeting the United  States, the President inexplicably said ``no.''   That is not the truth.   Russia is still targeting the United States. This is despite his  Director of National Intelligence, Dan Coats, confirming just last week  that Russia is, indeed, still targeting our digital infrastructure and  interfering in our democracy. Director Coats compared it to the  [[Page S5043]]  warning signs that emerged prior to the 9/11 attacks, but the President  denies it is happening.   I know Director Coats. I served with him when he was a Republican  Senator in this body. I know he would not say this if it were not so.  Notwithstanding the President's saying that Russia is not targeting us,  his own Director of National Intelligence says they are. We can't trust  this President's judgment when it comes to Russia.   Remember, the President takes an oath to protect and defend our  Nation. When it comes to Russia, it appears he does not intend to abide  by his oath to defend and protect our Nation. This Congress is going to  be derelict in its duty if it takes no action.   All of us have to speak with a single voice in this moment-- Republicans and Democrats alike. We should all condemn the President's  actions, which were as dangerous as they were shameful.   These condemnations are important, but words are not enough.  Remember, Congress is a coequal branch of government. Remember that the  Senate is supposed to be the conscience of the Nation. Let's act like  it.   The President, obviously, can't be trusted to keep his hands off of  the Russia investigation. By denigrating it at every opportunity and by  dismissing its lead investigator last year, he has repeatedly failed  the test.   The Senate Judiciary Committee recently passed legislation with a  strong bipartisan vote. Republicans and Democrats alike voted to  protect the special counsel's investigation. That legislation is before  the Senate. Let's enact it into law. Let's take what Republicans and  Democrats together said in the Judiciary Committee--that we will  protect the special counsel's investigation. Let's vote up or down.  Let's do it and enact it into law.   It is often said that the only thing President Putin responds to is  strength. Let's show him that here in the Congress, we stand united in  opposition to his ongoing attempts to attack our democracy. Believe me,  they are ongoing right at this moment. Let's pass stronger sanctions  targeting him and the oligarchs who enable him, who continue to help  him because they become billionaires by doing it. Let's pass a  resolution making it clear that if President Trump chooses to stand  with President Putin, then he stands alone. The European Union is not  our foe. And President Putin is not our friend. Our allies around the  world, especially those that have stood with us since World War II, are  looking at us at this moment. They are questioning whether the United  States will be a reliable partner in the face of creeping  authoritarianism, both at home and abroad. Let's show them where we  stand.   This is not about politics. It is not about Republicans or Democrats.  This is about who we are as a country and what we stand for as  Americans--whether we stand for democracy; whether we stand for  freedom, including the freedom of the press; whether we stand for the  rule of law; whether we stand for truth; and whether we stand for  America. As a Vermonter and a Senator, I know where I stand. It is time  we stand together.   