 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman, the  ranking member, Mr. Pallone, for yielding and for his leadership on  this issue.   I also want to thank Congressman Latta, as well as Chairman  Greg  Walden and my colleagues: Chris Collins, Trey Gowdy, and G. K.  Butterfield, who all were sponsors of this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 449, the Synthetic Drug  Awareness Act. H.R. 449 addresses a critical and sometimes overlooked  threat: the use of synthetic drugs by teenagers. It requires the  Surgeon General to prepare a report on the public health effects of  synthetic drug use by individuals aged 12 to 18 throughout America.   With the information this study will provide, Congress can work to  prevent substance abuse by younger Americans through an enhanced and  enlightened lens. The opioid crisis has ravaged families across the  country, without regard to ZIP Code, income, race, religion, or gender.   Unfortunately, this public health emergency is now taking hold, in  insidious ways, of our Nation's young people. Throughout the country,  the drug overdose death rate has more than doubled during the past  decade amongst younger Americans. This troubling phenomenon, in part,  results from the rise and availability of potent and dangerous  substances like illicit fentanyl, and synthetic marijuana, drugs that  fall within the category covered by this legislation.   Fentanyl, for instance, can be 50 to 100 times stronger than opioids,  heroin, or morphine. Teenage fentanyl use, for instance, is a vicious  cycle. Adolescents have a still-developing prefrontal cortex, which can  facilitate drug-seeking behavior. The drug then alters the development  of this area of the brain, making that behavior permanent.   The majority of adults who develop a substance abuse disorder or  addiction begin using before they are 18 years old. In order to address  the multifaceted public health crisis that the opioid epidemic  represents, we must consider both the cause and the effect.   Advancing this legislation has been a collaborative process, and I  greatly appreciate the hard work of all of my colleagues on both sides  of the aisle.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 449.   