 Mr. Speaker, American agriculture is a dynamic part of  our national economy and a significant part of our local communities.  Agriculture impacts the life of every American, and it is important  that this industry can continue to meet the needs of our nation.   This Farm Bill Conference Report strikes a strong balance of reforms  while providing the stability that our nation's farmers and rural  communities need. Over the past five years rural America has endured  some of the toughest economic times seen in generations. These  hardworking men and women get up every day to put food not only on  their table, but yours and mine as well.   This Farm Bill provides the stability they need to run a successful  business and take care of their families. It strengthens rural  development initiatives and makes significant investments in rural  broadband.   Additionally, while promoting sound agriculture policy this  legislation legalizes the production of hemp as an agricultural  commodity and removes it from the list of controlled substances. In  2017, the sale of hemp products totaled an estimated 800 million  dollars in the United States, however the majority of those products  were imported from China and Canada. American farmers will now be able  to  [[Page H10151]]  take advantage of this untapped market and begin growing hemp to  capitalize on its many commercial uses.   In closing, I would like to commend Chairman Conaway and his staff  for their unrelenting work on this Farm Bill. It has been a privilege  to fight alongside you on the House Agriculture Committee to ensure  prosperity for rural America. I am proud to support this important  legislation and it has been a true privilege to represent the interests  of farmers from Virginia's Sixth District. I urge a yes vote    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of  the bill (H.R. 887) to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to  extend honorary citizenship to otherwise qualified noncitizens who  enlisted in the Philippines and died while serving on active duty with  the United States Armed Forces during certain periods of hostilities,  and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the  House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of  the bill (S. 3170) to amend title 18, United States Code, to make  certain changes to the reporting requirement of certain service  providers regarding child sexual exploitation visual depictions, and  for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the  House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.   