 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume. I thank my friend, Mr. Rothfus, for bringing this bill up  today.  [[Page H8128]]    Mr. Speaker, I rise in favor of legislation I introduced with my  colleague from New Mexico, Steve Pearce. H.R. 6411, the FinCEN  Improvement Act, is a straightforward bill which will modernize the  Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, otherwise known as FinCEN.   The mission of FinCEN is to safeguard the financial system from  crimes or illicit use, combat money laundering, and promote national  security through the collection, analysis, and dissemination of  financial information and intelligence.   In order to accomplish its mission, FinCEN needs to partner with all  available law enforcement agencies to gather and share data needed to  safeguard the financial system from the abuses of financial crime,  including terrorist financing. This legislation builds upon the  existing relationships with partners in foreign, Federal, State, and  local law enforcement officials by ensuring FinCEN has the authority to  work with Tribal law enforcement across the country.   Additionally, FinCEN's current authorizing statute is limited to  combating international terrorism, which leaves out domestic terrorist  activities, which is just as important to protecting our neighborhoods  and communities. This legislation fixes that oversight.   Lastly, this legislation ensures FinCEN is focusing on emerging  methods of financing illicit activity, including cryptocurrencies. As  the ranking Democrat on the Terrorism and Illicit Finance Subcommittee,  along with Chairman Pearce, we have held numerous hearings and meetings  discussing these new technologies. While they often have tremendous  benefit to consumers in connecting the world, the reality is bad actors  can benefit from this new technology by shielding their identities or  the identities of those they work with. We need to work to understand  this potential threat and find new ways to combat it.   This bipartisan piece of legislation is an important step in  modernizing FinCEN to ensure our law enforcement and intelligence  communities work together to detect and stop criminals and terrorist  networks. I want to thank my colleague, Mr. Rothfus, and certainly  subcommittee Chairman Steve Pearce for working with me on this  legislation. I would also like to thank the chairman and ranking member  of the full committee for their support, and lastly, I thank Katy  Strohmaier on the Democratic staff for working with my office to help  us draft this legislation.   With that, I urge all my colleagues to support this legislation. I  urge an ``aye'' vote on H.R. 6411, the FinCEN Improvement Act.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   