 Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, let me be clear what this amendment does.   This is 1,000 pages of the safety and evaluation report by the  Nuclear Regulatory Commission--5 volumes. The Nuclear Regulatory  Commission is our independent safety agency on all things nuclear.   What my colleague from Nevada's amendment does is strip the money for  what they keep telling me they want. They want to prove the science.  They want to say it is not safe. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission says  it is safe for a million years.   Now, if my colleagues from Nevada want to debate the science, then  they can do that, per the Nuclear Waste Policy Act, through the  licensing project. But, no, they don't want to put their science up  against our independent nuclear safety agency. They want to adjudicate  this in the court of public opinion and deprive the money to have that  final science debate.   So this amendment is really an anti-science amendment to not debate  the NRC's finding, because we know that in their conclusion they say  storing nuclear waste in a long-term geological repository--and this is  the world consensus--in a deep geological repository is what the  world's scientists say is the safest way to store spent nuclear fuel  and defense waste.   That is not just the United States. That is France. That is Norway.  That is Great Britain. That is many of our allies and friends and their  scientists. Again, 1,000 pages, 5 volumes, public record.   This amendment takes that money away so we don't have a debate on the  science. It is either in the desert underneath a mountain, 1,000 feet  above the ground table, 1,000 feet below the top of the mountain, or it  is on the Pacific Ocean. Those are the choices that we had debated in  H.R. 3053.   And not only that, the Chamber as a whole, in a bipartisan manner,  said--340 Members--actually, more Democrats supported H.R. 3053 than  opposed it--340-72. Why? Because we have a national problem which  requires a national solution. We have to keep our promises.   These are the operating commercial and nuclear reactors. This doesn't  even talk about the defense issue. The national media from around the  country is on our side as far as moving forward if the science is found  to be reliable.   The Nuclear Regulatory Commission says a million years. The State of  Nevada says: Not so. Let's have the debate. Let's not strip the money  away to have that final debate. That is why I ask my colleagues to  reject this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I am glad this amendment came, because our  job now is to educate, not only the State of Nevada, but it is also to  educate our colleagues from across the country that the science debate,  the final decision needs to be through the licensing.   The Nuclear Regulatory Commission, our independent Federal nuclear  safety agency, says it will be safe for a million years. Nevada says:  Not so. Let's have the debate. Let's not strip the money.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleagues from Nevada for  allowing us to have this debate once again.   Two weeks ago, we had this debate on the floor of the House. We had a  pretty good vote, a bipartisan vote: 340 of our colleagues supported  continuing to move forward; 72 disagreed with that position.   Part of this debate allows me to just lay out the true facts, and the  facts are that this body and this Nation decided 30-plus years ago to  address a national  [[Page H4950]]  problem with a national solution. So we have been moving forward as a  Nation for 30 years--30 years, $15 billion, the most studied piece of  ground on the planet. Fortunately, it is in the State of Nevada, and  Nevada can claim that they have the safest location for a geological  repository.   The Nuclear Regulatory Commission, in exhaustive research--and I was  wrong. It wasn't 1,000 pages; it is 1,928 pages. This is one of five  volumes.   And, yes, the previous amendment was to say: Let's don't adjudicate  the difference. My colleagues from Nevada keep saying it is not safe. I  trust our independent Nuclear Regulatory Commission that says it is  safe for a million years. The only way you resolve this is to follow  the law and go through adjudication of the complaints.   Now, the State of Nevada doesn't want to go through the adjudication  because I believe that, once the science is debated, the decision will  be in line with the independent Nuclear Regulatory Commission and their  exhaustive research.   Now, let's talk about this current amendment. What this current  amendment does is just says: Let's disregard the will of 49 States and  our territories and 30 years of law to respond to the State of Nevada's  opposition, not even scientifically based.   So what does that mean? What it means is that spent nuclear fuel in a  place in California--this is San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station. It  is between Las Vegas and San Diego. It is right on the Pacific Ocean.  What it means is that it stays right there.   What it means for my colleague  Dan Newhouse from Washington State is  that the defense liability of Hanford, right on the Columbia River,  stays right there.   What it means for my friends in Chicago is that the Zion Nuclear  Power Generating Station, right on Lake Michigan, stays right there.   What about the Savannah River Site? Well, it stays right next to  Savannah River versus 90 miles away in the desert, underneath a  mountain, on Federal property.   So when the local concern is addressed about the local issue, the  local consensus is really the Department of the Interior, the  Department of Defense, and the Department of Energy. That Federal land  is larger than the State of Connecticut. That is the local concern that  we are dealing with and we are addressing here.    This is all of the operating commercial nuclear power plants. That is  why there are 31 States and 121 locations. And that is why this debate  is important. Because more and more, as we are able to lay out the  facts, the consensus by the national media is that it is time to move  forward and finish the project, whether that is The Washington Post,  The San Diego Union-Tribune, the Aiken Standard, the Los Angeles Times,  or the Chicago Tribune.   So I say to my colleagues, I understand the ``not in my backyard,''  but there is more nuclear spent fuel in Chicago, Illinois, in  Chicagoland--in Chicagoland, not 90 miles away. And Chicago has 55  million visitors, not 33 million--more than Las Vegas. It is not going  to hurt their tourism. Actually, it is going to help diversify the  economy.   I understand the argument and debate. Mr. Chairman, I thank the  gentleman for letting me address this again in this Chamber so that I  can fully not only educate our colleagues but move the Nation forward.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   