 Mr. Chairman, the Clerk has an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, at the beginning, I first of all want to  salute both Mr. Young and Mr. Huffman for their hard work on this  legislation, which is very contentious and requires a lot of interests  to be balanced. Again, hopefully, as the process moves forward through  the next Chamber, we will get to that sweet spot for good policy for  our Nation.   Mr. Chairman, the amendment at the desk is a simple amendment, which  creates a 5-year, industry-based pilot trawl survey for the New England  and Mid-Atlantic Fishery Management Councils. Such a program would  follow the model industry-based trawl surveys used in the Pacific  Northwest under NOAA's supervision that have been a great success.   The reason I am offering this bipartisan amendment with Congressman  Lee Zeldin from New York is that NOAA trawl surveys have been seriously  hampered by a string of mechanical and performance problems with NOAA's  ship Henry B. Bigelow over the last 2 years.   For example, from August 2017 to March 2018, Bigelow missed several  trawls while in its shipyard for chronic propulsion problems. Even when  the Bigelow is operational, one-third of its trawls are not performing,  and these bad trawls generally have yields that are 67 percent lower  than when it performs properly.   These problems are unacceptable, given the critical importance of  that data to accurately calculate catch limits on the East Coast,  which, as we have heard, is a highly contentious issue.   In addition to the Bigelow's gear issues, the vessel is too large for  near-shore studies. It draws a lot of water and cannot enter shallow  littoral areas to trawl. Because of that, NOAA already contracts with  the Northeast Area Monitoring and Assessment Program, NEAMAP, to survey  shallower areas. NEAMAP contracts industry vessels outfitted with peer- reviewed NOAA gear for near-shore surveys, proving that surveying can  be done on industry vessels.   I want to emphasize that this pilot program contemplated in the  amendment will be a pilot program coordinated with NOAA, the councils,  and industry. While we don't dictate a specific framework, we recommend  that the pilot mirror the NEAMAP survey, which the executive directors  of both the New England and Mid-Atlantic Councils have described as the  gold standard of cooperative, collaborative fisheries surveys.   Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a responsible initiative to solve a  real-life problem using a trusted precedent in the Pacific Northwest  and under the careful supervision of NOAA and fisheries experts.   I want to thank the Northeast Trawl Advisory Panel for bringing  attention to the trawl gaps that are happening on the East Coast and  working with my office to craft this amendment.  [[Page H6087]]    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have no further speakers for the  amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I urge a ``yes'' vote, and I yield back the balance of  my time.   