 Mr. President, I rise to discuss an issue that is of great  importance to my constituents in Alabama and to many other people  across the country. At issue is the health of our automotive industry.   Unfortunately, the health of my State's automobile industry is being  threatened not by unfair competition or illegal practices but by  significant tariffs proposed by the President. According to the U.S.  Chamber of Commerce, more than a half a million Alabama jobs are  supported by global trade, meaning more than one in every four Alabama  jobs is tied to trade.   One of the key reasons Alabama has such a robust trade posture is due  to our automotive manufacturing industry. I am old enough to remember  what it was like before auto companies came to Alabama in the 1990s,  starting with Mercedes. At the time that Mercedes came, many of  Alabama's manufacturing facilities were closing down and moving to  other countries. Yet, one by one--from Mercedes, to Honda, to Hyundai,  and now to Toyota and Mazda, which are breaking ground on a new plant  very soon--these automakers came to Alabama and breathed new life into  our State's economy. They support, today, some 57,000 Alabama jobs, and  our auto exports topped $11 billion in 2017. That doesn't even include  the new Toyota-Mazda plant in Huntsville, which is going to add another  4,000 jobs and $1.6 billion in economic development.   After having no automobile industry 30 years ago, Alabama has become  the third largest exporter of automobiles in this country. In only the  past 15 months, every major automobile manufacturer in Alabama has  announced an expansion to total 5,400 jobs and $3.3 billion in  investments. This industry has been a phenomenal success in Alabama  and, more importantly, for the men and women who rely on these very  good-paying jobs to support their families and to build better lives.   That is why it is a priority for me and colleagues like my friend,  Senator Alexander from Tennessee, to keep our States' automotive  industry thriving. Yet, recently, this industry has come under attack.  In May, President Trump threatened a 25-percent tariff  [[Page S5030]]  on imported cars, trucks, and auto parts under the pretext that these  products somehow threaten our national security.   Let me be clear. While the United States faces any number of threats  from adversaries on any number of fronts, foreign automobiles and auto  parts are not threats to our national security. Do you know what is a  threat? It is a 25-percent tax on the prices of these imported goods.  The President's proposed auto tariffs have the potential to inflict  serious damage on a booming industry in my State and in other leading  auto-producing States, like Tennessee. We might call it a tariff, but  we all know exactly what it is--a tax.   By definition, a tariff is a tax on a particular class of imports or  exports. Any tariffs placed on products that come into the United  States are taxes that increase the cost of those goods to American  consumers. When other countries place additional tariffs, or new taxes,  on American goods, it raises the purchase prices of American products  overseas and hurts our ability to sustain competitive markets in those  countries. So it is deeply troubling that the recent proposal from the  President will threaten tens of thousands of jobs in Alabama and  increase costs for American consumers.   Shortly after this tariff threat was issued, Senator Alexander joined  me in writing to Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, and we urged him to  reconsider the auto tariff tax proposal. Between our two States, the  automotive sector contributes more than 200,000 jobs to our economies.  Numbers of autoworkers from our States are in town this week to tell  their stories, firsthand, to the Commerce Department, and I commend  them for their efforts in doing so.   Senator Alexander and I understand the devastating blow these tariffs  will represent to an industry that has literally rebuilt our respective  States' economies from the ground up. Automakers and their suppliers  can be found in every corner and in nearly every county of each of our  States. We have found common cause in fighting these tariffs and  protecting our constituents from the devastating impacts they will  have.   There are already a few legislative solutions out there, including  Senator Corker's solution regarding tariffs. I know Senator Portman is  also doing a lot of good work in this space. Senator Alexander and I  are working together to propose a solution of our own as a  complementary measure to halt these tariffs. We hope to introduce that  proposal as early as next week after consulting with our automotive  manufacturers and working with our colleagues to grow bipartisan  support for this legislation.   I realize that folks who have been affected by these proposed tariffs  are looking for a silver bullet to stop them dead in their tracks.  Right now, the only silver bullet in this case is for the President to  change his mind and recognize how many jobs are at risk because of  these proposed tariffs. Until that happens, we are going to fight to  protect what our States and our workers have earned.    I want to thank my colleague Senator Alexander, who is here today,  for his continued partnership in this effort. I look forward to working  with more of our colleagues to stop the urgent threat to American jobs.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   