 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the chair and ranking member of  the committee for their work on this bill. This bill is very important  to help make America more secure.   My amendment will help to address the threat of Iran better in this  bill.   According to the State Department, Iran is the world's foremost state  sponsor of terrorism. In spite of Iran's weak economy and U.S.-imposed  sanctions in response to their support for terrorism, abuse of human  rights, and acquisition of prohibited weapons, Iran continues to  support violent groups abroad.   As our diplomatic and military leaders determine how best to respond  to Iran's ongoing destabilization, they should have a detailed  accounting of the amounts spent by Iran to support specific terrorist  groups and foreign military. This is especially important in light of  the escalating conflict between Israel and Iran-backed forces in Syria,  which has only gotten worse in the last couple of days. This  information will send a clear message to Iran and our allies that we do  not tolerate support of terrorism.   In addition, the nonclassified version of this report will shed light  on Iran's behavior for all the world to see.   Specifically, my amendment will require an annual report from the  Director of National Intelligence, describing Iranian expenditures on  military and terrorist activities outside the country, including  support for Hezbollah, Houthi rebels in Yemen, Hamas, proxy forces in  Iraq and Syria, and any other entity or country the Director determines  relevant.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Schiff), the ranking member of the committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Nunes and Ranking Member Schiff for  their support of this amendment, and I thank them for their work on  this important bipartisan bill.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   