 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman very much for  yielding. It is great to be here with my friends from the State of  Michigan.   As a Republican, sometimes people ask: What is the difference?   I always say: Well, Republicans, we believe in less government,  individual responsibility, lower taxes, more personal freedoms and  liberties.   From my time here in Washington, I have always wanted a fairer,  flatter, simpler Tax Code. We shouldn't have to fear filing our income  taxes. We shouldn't have to fear whether we have the receipts.   I think the other thing that was always frustrating about the Tax  Code is you never know if you have done enough of the itemizing that  you are actually going to get anything or not. And then, have you  forgotten something that you are not recouping?   So having said that, that is why--and I am glad Congressman Mitchell  raised this issue, the fairer, flatter, simpler Tax Code.   Before we passed the bill, 80 percent of my constituents did not  itemize. Under this tax reform, 90 percent of all of my filers--90  percent--will be able to do it on this simple postcard. And it is easy  to find. People can pull it up at fairandsimple.gop to check it out.  [[Page H1427]]    Congressman Upton was correct: this process worked. We had a House  bill and we had a Senate bill, and then the two sides merged to keep  some of the deductions that people really thought were important, and a  great compromise that was working.   So the question is: Is the proof in the pudding?   In other words, is it operating as advertised for either side?   I think we are down here to say it is operating as advertised and we  can proudly stand down here and tell some of these stories.   What we did is we posted a question on our newsletter to ask people  to respond, and I want to share some of these responses. These are on  the individual side. I will talk about the corporate side in a minute.   Ken and Pam from St. Joseph--we call it St. Joe--they say:  ``Personally we have seen an increase in our net wages each week. With  our business, we seem to have an increase in other companies starting  new things.''   Gregg from Charleston says: ``More money in my take-home check.''   A pretty simple statement.   James from Marine says: ``My retirement check just went up. Thanks.''   Jeff from Carlyle says: ``Positive results only so far, just as  expected with a commonsense tax cut.''   Carl from Collinsville, which is my hometown. I am glad Carl is  happy. He says: ``I am seeing more on my paycheck each week. Keep up  the good work.''   So that is just on the individual side.   Then we briefly want to talk about what is going on from business.  You know, these are great announcements. I had the chairman of the  Committee on Ways and Means, my good friend, Kevin Brady, tell me 50  percent of all manufacturers in this country are planning expansion.  Not 50 percent of the manufacturers in Illinois or Michigan; across the  country. That is pretty awesome.   So what is going on in my district?   Griffith Trucking, Broadway Express, Heartland Peterbilt, and  Heartland Classics--which are in Effingham and Newton--gave $1,000  bonuses to 65 full-time employees.    FedEx has a big distribution hub in my district, same place, in  Effingham. FedEx has committed to more than $3 billion in wage  increases, bonuses, pension funding, and expanded U.S. capital  investment.   Charter Communications is raising their minimum wage to $15 an hour  as a result of this tax cut plan.   It is great to see Congressman Roskam on the floor. He will get a  chance to speak later. He was a major architect of this. I am very  proud that he comes from Illinois. These stories are attributed to  Peter's great work.   The other one I wanted to mention--of course, I live in the metro St.  Louis area. Boeing has a big presence in St. Louis, but a lot of their  great workers, probably their best workers, live on the Illinois side.  Boeing has announced employee-related and charitable investments of  $300 million as a result of the tax law.   So great things are happening.   I want to follow what Fred Upton said, in that we as a body were  tired of being in a malaise.   Is this all we can hope for?   We wanted an economy that would grow and create jobs and be vibrant,  that people would be excited about going back to the workforce, working  hard, taking home more of their pay, investing it into the market or in  their retirement savings; and that is just what we are having.   Mr. Speaker, I have a lot of my colleagues here on the floor, so I  could talk a long time on the benefits of the bill. I am very, very  excited about it.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Mitchell for organizing this tonight.   