 DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the  gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment to speak in memorial to  the late Ray Baum. He was a dedicated husband and father, the staff  director for the majority on the Energy and Commerce Committee, and a  trusted adviser and friend to Chairman Walden. We were all saddened by  his passing, and I would like to express our condolences to his friends  and family.   The legislation before us today is the product of bipartisan and  bicameral compromise. While it is not perfect, it represents a good  faith effort by Ranking Member Pallone, Chairman Walden, Senator  Nelson, and Senator Thune.   This compromise incorporates a number of Democratic priorities,  including Ranking Member Pallone's Viewer Protection Act and SANDy Act,  and Congresswoman Eshoo's RESPONSE Act and ``Dig Once'' bill, and a  number of provisions from other members of our committee on  cybersecurity, Tribal broadband, broadband access for veterans, and  others.   Like Ranking Member Pallone, I am also happy to see bipartisan  language included in the bill which makes the FCC inspector general an  independent entity.   This sends a strong bipartisan and bicameral message to Chairman Pai  that he cannot end the FCC inspector general's investigation into  collusion between his office and Sinclair Broadcast Group simply by  firing the current inspector general. These allegations also require  congressional oversight and investigation.   I am also happy to see that we have an agreement to provide the  remainder of the funds necessary to transition broadcasters as part of  the FCC's incentive auction--keeping a promise that we made to them  that they would be held harmless.   The agreement also includes funds for consumer education about the  transition. It is critical that the public be educated about the  upcoming television repack and understand the what, when, and where of  how it will work.   Mr. Speaker, I look forward to continuing to work on this legislation  with my colleagues as it moves forward.   