 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Minnesota for  laying out the case so clearly on the challenge, as I like to call it,  of taking on climate chaos.   My wife Mary comes from Minnesota. I know they value the Land of  10,000 Lakes. Every time I have said that before, I always say the  ``Land of a Thousand Lakes,'' and Senator Klobuchar corrects me. I just  can't quite envision 10,000 lakes.   Minnesota is a land with incredible wildlife, a land that certainly  has seen the impacts of climate chaos, as has my home State. So thank  you so much for your remarks and for being here to help celebrate our  colleague and our friend, the Senator from Rhode Island, Mr.  Whitehouse, who spoke tonight just a few minutes ago for his 200th  time, to say: Wake up. Wake up, America.   We have a significant challenge, the sort of challenge that you may  not notice from one day to the next. We may wake up tomorrow and not  realize that the damage being done to our planet is greater than the  day before or we may not be able to wake up a week from now and realize  that the damage is more. Nonetheless, it is, if looked at over any  significant span of time, a huge, huge force wreaking havoc on our  planet, and it will just get worse with time if we do not take on this  pollution of the atmosphere by carbon dioxide.   Back in 1959, an eminent scientist was asked to speak at the 100th  anniversary of the petroleum industry. That scientist was Edward  Teller. Edward Teller gave his speech at this 100th anniversary in  1959, but he said to the gathering of the fossil fuel industry: You do  realize that you will eventually have to look for a different form of  energy to invest in, first, because the amount of fossil fuels in the  Earth's crust is limited and it will run out. He said: Second of all,  there are some interesting facts that many of you might not be aware  of--that when you burn fossil fuels, it creates carbon dioxide, and  carbon dioxide might not at first seem like a pollutant because it is  invisible and it is odorless, but it has this quality where visible  light passes through it, but heat energy is trapped. As a result of  trapping heat energy and changing the makeup of our atmosphere, we will  start to do major damage to the planet. He talked about how it would  affect the melting of ice on the poles, the rising of sea levels, and  that humankind lived by the oceans and, therefore, this carbon dioxide  would do enormous damage and it would be important to transition off of  burning carbon fuels, off of burning fossil fuels. That was in 1959,  which is a long time ago that we have had the information about the  damage wreaking havoc by this pollutant, carbon dioxide.   Henry David Thoreau, the philosopher, challenged us and said: What is  the use of a house if you don't have a tolerable planet to put it on?   Yet everywhere we see our planet crying out for us to pay attention-- never as much, however, as in this last year. Here in America, there  were fierce forest fires from Montana, across Idaho, into Washington,  down to Oregon, and into California clear into December. Smoke covered  much of my State for month after month this last summer, having an  impact on people's health and certainly having an impact on our  economy.   We could look at the storms of last year--the hurricanes of Harvey,  Irma, and Maria assaulting Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin  Islands. Those storms were unusually damaging, and part of the reason  for that is because the energy of those storms is taken from the  temperature of the ocean, and the ocean has been collecting 90 percent  of the increased heat on the planet from carbon dioxide pollution and,  therefore, producing more powerful hurricanes.   So we saw it in the fires, and we saw it in the hurricanes, but you  really can start to see it almost everywhere. You can see that the pine  beetles are doing much better because the winters aren't cold enough to  kill them, and the trees are doing much worse. You can see that the  ticks in New England and Maine and on through Minnesota are doing much  better because the winters are not cold enough to kill them. Therefore,  they are killing the moose. You can see the impact of the rising ocean  temperature on coral reefs around the world, which are a small part of  the ocean but have a significant role in the fisheries on our planet.   In my home State in Oregon, the warmer temperatures and the acidity  in the ocean caused a billion baby oysters to die in 2008. Well, that  is quite an impact on our seafood industry. I can tell you that  scientists were mystified because they couldn't imagine, at first, that  it had to do with the water quality. They thought it must be a virus or  it must be some form of bacteria, but it just turned out that the  carbon dioxide in the atmosphere not only results in the warming of the  ocean, but it is absorbed in the ocean and becomes carbonic acid. That  greater acidity of the ocean damages the ability of baby oysters to  form shells. So now we have to artificially buffer the ocean water.   We see it in spreading diseases, like malaria, as they follow the  mosquitoes, and Zika, as it follows the mosquitoes into greater  territory, or leishmaniasis, which is a real diabolical disease that  now has come to the United States with sand flies.   My point is that everywhere you look, if you open your eyes, climate  chaos is having a big impact and hurting us.   The answer is simple. We have to stop burning fossil fuels. This is  where the 100-percent notion comes from, from my bill of last year--100  percent by 50, 100 by 50, or, if you prefer, mission 100. It just means  we have to transition from the energy that we gain  [[Page S1684]]  from fossil fuels to substituting energy from clean and renewable  sources--100 percent. Stop burning fossil fuels.   A few years ago, folks said: Well, that will cause great damage to  our economy because renewable energy is so much more expensive than  cheap fossil fuels. But we have been blessed. We have been blessed in  taking on this challenge because it is no longer true that renewable  energy is more expensive than fossil fuel energy.   We have had an incredible drop in the price of solar energy over a  short period--from 35 cents per kilowatt hour down to 5 cents per  kilowatt hour. Then Xcel Energy in Colorado put out a proposal this  year. The proposal came back at 2 cents per kilowatt hour. In other  words, it is cheaper to have new and clean renewable energy than to  burn coal in an already depreciated fossil fuel coal electric plant.  Wind has gone from 13 cents or so per kilowatt hour to 5 cents per  kilowatt hour. Xcel Energy in Colorado brought in a bid at 3 cents per  kilowatt hour.   As we have seen these prices drop dramatically on solar and wind, we  have seen the installations of solar and wind surge. On the solar side,  in 2017 we installed about 12 gigawatts of capacity--12 gigawatts, or  12,000 megawatts. That is a lot of energy. To put it differently, one- fourth of the total installed capacity of the United States of America  went in just in 2017. That is a dramatic upsurge in installation. Think  of a world where we can have every flat business roof and every  manufacturing plant with solar rays on its surface or canopies over its  parking lot because this energy is so cheap to collect, and we can  collect it in places where the grid already exists. For wind, in 2016,  8 gigawatts of new capacity went in. Again, there is a tremendous  upsurge in the amount of wind installed.   Now we are seeing roughly half of our utilities scale new capacity  with renewable energy rather than with fossil fuel energy. The  transition is underway, but we need to accelerate it. We need to move  it much more quickly, and then we need to move our consumption of  energy over to the electric grid. What does that mean? For example, it  means heating your house with a heat pump, which uses electricity,  rather than a gas furnace. It means changing the way you heat water  from a gas hot water heater to an electric hot water heater. It means  getting a plug-in vehicle, an electric vehicle.   Let's stop and talk a little bit about electric vehicles. While we  have been seeing the production of carbon dioxide from making  electricity come down in America, we are seeing the carbon dioxide from  driving vehicles go up, so it is a major area we have to take on.   Five years ago, I bought a Volt, which is a plug-in hybrid. It has a  range of about 35 miles of electricity, and it also has a gas backup.  That car really worked exceedingly well. We drove 3 out of 4 miles on  electricity, even though we used gasoline to drive all the way to South  Dakota and back. What we found was that the cost per mile on  electricity was only about 3 cents a mile, and the cost of running it  on gasoline--with oil, maintenance, and so forth--was closer to 10  cents a mile. So it is three times cheaper to drive it on electricity.  So there is a big incentive.   Unfortunately, my son had an auto accident, and we had to replace  that car. Because the range has increased over 5 years, we were able to  get a fully electric car, a Nissan LEAF. The range had gone up in 2016  from roughly 80 miles to about 107. That extra 27 miles is enough that  my wife could do her work in home hospice, potentially being assigned  to a house way on the west side of the Monona County area and then way  on the east side and back and forth several times a day and still make  it completely on a single-charged battery.   With the proliferation of driving stations, now we are starting to  see the ability to operate much more closely to the way we behaved, if  you will, previously with gasoline vehicles--being able to drive  hundreds of miles and then recharge. We have seen that with the Volt  that just came out to replace the Bolt, which now goes over 200 miles  on just its battery alone and more if you drive cautiously.   Buses are another big piece of this. I went down to Eugene, OR, a  couple of weekends ago and rode on their first electric bus, the first  one in the State of Oregon. That bus looked just like the old diesel  buses that we have had serving our metro systems across America, but it  cost a lot more. It cost $200,000 more than a diesel bus.   You might say ``Well, that is way too much,'' but here is the  interesting thing: It saves about $40,000 to $45,000 a year on fuel. It  doesn't take a math genius to then realize that after 5 years of  service, you have paid off that cost, and after that, you are saving  money. We are going to see a huge transition simply on the economics.   This is the challenge before us, that we have been given the gift of  affordable solar that is cheaper than fossil fuel energy, affordable  wind that is cheaper than fossil fuel energy, a greatly declining cost  of battery power to help supply meet demand, but at the Federal level,  we are paralyzed.   Unfortunately, the Koch brothers are really the puppet masters of  this body, this Chamber I am in. This wonderful Senate is supposed to  be the place where we deliberate to have government of, by, and for the  people, but right now we have deliberations here that are of, by, and  for the Koch brothers; of, by, and for the wealthy and the well- connected. That is not the vision of America. We have to reclaim the  vision of America. The people of America understand that we have this  enormous challenge that we must undertake to save our beautiful,  blue and green planet.    Since the Federal Government isn't operating, we see companies and  cities and places of worship jumping in to fill the gap, adopting 100  percent resolutions--resolutions to transition to 100 percent cleaner  renewable energy, to stop burning the fossil fuels that are damaging  our planet.   Burlington, VT, is now using a mixture of biomass and hydro wind and  solar so that 100 percent of electricity comes from renewable  generation. Fifty-eight other cities across America have committed to  making that 100 percent transition, and they are handing out an action  plan--this year we can do this, and this year we can do that. Families  can do the same, places of worship can do the same, and companies are  doing the same all across our Nation. We see many of our Fortune 500  companies stepping forward to be real leaders in this. They want to  attract employees who know that they care about our planet. They care  about stopping this pollution that Edward Teller, an eminent scientist,  pointed out in 1959.   When Henry David Thoreau said ``What is the use of a house if you  haven't got a tolerable planet to put it on?'' he asked a question we  should always ask ourselves in terms of the different threats to this  beautiful orb that we call home. So let's fight to save this beautiful  planet. It is the only one we have. We have no other. It is under  serious threat, and we in this Chamber need to tell the Koch brothers  to go and sit on their fossil fuel fortune, invest it as they want  somewhere else, but to join us in the most important work they could  possibly be part of in the years that they have remaining to live here  in America, and that is this fight to take on climate chaos and win.   Thank you, Mr. President.   