 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair and ranking member for  working to bring this bill to the floor today.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to see the RAY BAUM'S Act moving forward.  This bill really is a good example of compromise. No one got everything  that they wanted, but we worked together to find common ground. I think  it represents what we need to be doing more of in Washington and in  this body and what people and I want to see happen more often, namely,  that Members  [[Page H1412]]  of Congress come together in a bipartisan manner to reach a commonsense  agreement.   But today I come to the floor to talk about a piece of legislation,  the Rural Wireless Access Act, which I was pleased to help introduce  and incorporate into the larger FCC Reauthorization Act.   I want to thank, in particular, my friend Mr. Costello for working  with me on this bipartisan bill. I also want to thank Mrs. Blackburn,  chair of the Communications and Technology Subcommittee, for helping to  move this forward.   This bill, which I introduced last year, would require the FCC to  establish standards for collecting wireless coverage data. Everyone at  some point has been driving through places in rural America that don't  get wireless coverage. Unfortunately, the maps that the FCC uses to fix  coverage gaps are often inadequate.   Currently, the standards that define how wireless coverage is  determined are not sufficient, meaning the coverage maps can be  incomplete or inaccurate. Without accurate coverage maps, resources  needed to improve wireless access will not be directed to the areas  that need the most help, including rural areas.   I am pleased that the Energy and Commerce Committee agreed to include  this legislation, the Rural Wireless Access Act, as part of the larger  package so that we can improve wireless voice and mobile internet  services and ensure the resources go to the areas that need it the  most.   In order to fix the problem, we have to get the data right. I am  hopeful that the passage of the FCC Reauthorization Act will help folks  in rural areas get the wireless coverage they need.   