 Mr President, millions of Americans were outraged last  year when the Federal Communications Commission, FCC, voted to repeal  the strong and enforceable net neutrality rules that were adopted in  2015. As a supporter of a free and open internet, I share the public's  outrage over the loss of these critical protections, which is why I am  voting in favor of this resolution to restore the previous rules.   By repealing net neutrality rules, the FCC and its supporters in  Congress have achieved little more than to plunge consumers and small  businesses into a fog of uncertainty. Instead of having concrete legal  protections in place against blocking, throttling, and paid  prioritization, internet users now have little more than vague promises  from broadband providers about how they will treat content online.  These promises could disappear with little notice or no recourse for  those affected. This is the wrong way to approach policy for the  greatest engine of economic growth and free speech ever devised.   The uncertainty created by Republicans at the FCC and blessed by too  many here in Congress jeopardizes the success of small businesses and  startups across the country. One of the main concerns I hear from small  businesses in Vermont is fear of paid prioritization. Without clear  rules in place, broadband providers can set up pay-to-play schemes that  disadvantage small businesses against deep-pocketed competitors.   In a pay-to-play online world, small businesses will be forced to  decide whether or not to pay tolls in order to avoid being stuck in the  slow lane. These tolls do nothing to promote innovation, but they would  impose a tremendous cost on entrepreneurs. These costs would come at  the expense of investing in new equipment, new products, or new jobs.  For those who choose not to pay, the cost would be access to customers,  who today already make decisions based on how fast a page or  application loads. A few seconds of lag time can mean the difference  between a sale made or a sale lost to a competitor.   Net neutrality rules matter because they provide small businesses  with the certainty that paid prioritization will not happen. The  promises and statements made by leading broadband providers following  the repeal of the rules too often make no mention at all of their  stance on paid prioritization. Others have quietly deleted promises not  to engage in this behavior from their website. In February, the CEO of  Sprint was quoted comparing the internet to roads, saying that, on many  roads, ``you have a faster road and you pay more. There's nothing wrong  with that.'' Concerns about paid prioritization cannot be dismissed  when CEOs of leading companies are speaking openly about the benefits  of toll roads on the internet.   This should not be a partisan issue. Republicans and Democrats alike  should want to provide the small business community with the certainty  that the internet will remain an equal playing field. The simple  reality is that, without net neutrality rules, this certainty will not  exist. The resolution we are considering today gives us the clearest  path to restoring that certainty. I urge all Senators to stand with the  American people, small businesses, and startups in supporting this  resolution.   