 Mr. Speaker, let me thank Congresswoman Clarke from New  York for those very insightful and passionate words.   Just a few moments ago, we listened to Republicans talk about the  sanctity of life and how they want to protect everyone. They will  protect anyone, as long as they don't have to go up against the NRA.   What we have here is, we are protecting our children. We always say  our children are our future. We should act like it.   This weekend, I was speaking at Baker High School's graduation and I  realized that while we were celebrating those 139 kids' graduation,  there were families from Santa Fe that were preparing home-going  celebrations for their children.   Dr. King once said that there comes a point where silence is  betrayal. We have passed that point in this body, in this Congress, a  long time ago. Our silence is betraying our future. It is betraying our  children. It is betraying their parents.   So, when we take a moment of silence and we ask to pray, let us not  pray to end school violence. Let's pray for the courage to actually do  something about it.   I know all my friends on the right like to claim they are the  Christian right. But if they were the Christian right, they would pray  for some courage and they would do something. But there is an old  gospel song that says:   ``Lord, don't move my mountain. Give me the strength to climb.   ``Lord, don't move my stumbling blocks, but lead me all around.''   What it is saying is: Lord, give me the strength to fight my battles.  Give me the strength to help myself.   So, if we are going to pray as a body, if we are going to pray as a  Nation, we should be praying that this body musters up some courage to  do something about it. I am not saying that there are not any good  suggestions on the other side. I am saying they won't address the hard  suggestions about access to high-capacity cartridges, guns that shoot  over and over and over and over again. I am talking about weapons of  mass destruction in our community.   We don't have to go look in Iraq or Afghanistan for weapons of mass  destruction. Go look at your nearest sporting goods store, your nearest  pawn shop. We are selling them right here in this country. Everyone  doesn't have to get a background check.   So I would just say that the time is now. The time was yesterday.   I will just leave the body with this fact. When we had more people  killed in school shootings than we have lost in the military this year,  that should say something about this country, that should say something  about where we are headed, and I would just hope that the two sides  could come together, although I don't have much belief that we will get  action from the other side until the NRA gives them a permission slip.   But our children are far too fragile. When our children start to  believe that this is the norm, as opposed to the exception, we all need  to go home and take a look in the mirror and say that this is not about  the next election. We should muster up the courage, because this is  absolutely about the next generation.   