 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today in support of Elad Roisman,  who has been nominated to serve on the U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission. On June 1, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to  nominate Elad to be the Commissioner of the Securities and Exchange  Commission for a 5-year term.   Elad currently serves as chief counsel for the Banking Committee. I  and many members of the committee can personally attest to his  qualifications for this position. He has an impressive command of  securities law, a keen intellect and work ethic, and has always  exhibited a steadfast commitment to doing what is right. Those  attributes were manifest during his nomination testimony hearing a few  weeks ago. He was subsequently voted out of the committee by voice vote  with unanimous bipartisan support.   As many on the Banking Committee know, Elad is intimately familiar  with the inner workings of the SEC, having previously served as counsel  to Commissioner Daniel Gallagher and as chief counsel at the NYSE  Euronext. He is highly regarded by those with whom he has worked and is  an exceptionally qualified candidate for this position.   The SEC has an important three-part mission: protect investors;  maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets; and facilitate capital  formation. Each part of this mission is equally important and should  not come at the expense of another. In his nomination hearing, Elad  echoed the importance of this mission and committed to furthering it.   He stressed the need to promote investor confidence in both the  markets and the SEC itself and the importance of dispelling the  perception that markets are inaccessible or rigged against the little  guy.   He committed to ensuring that the SEC has a strong enforcement  program--one that holds regulated entities and individuals accountable.  Elad also emphasized that the SEC must listen to small business owners  and investors, many of whom do not make it to Washington regularly,  whose perspectives are incredibly important to the SEC's work and its  continued improvement of capital markets.   The U.S. financial system and markets are the preferred destination  for investors throughout the world, and the SEC has an important role  in ensuring that it remains so. Capital markets drive innovation and  job creation, and access to them is the lifeblood of our economy. Elad  has consistently demonstrated a commitment to ensuring that our markets  remain the envy of the world, and I am confident he will work hard to  make sure the U.S. financial markets can thrive while also protecting  investors.   I personally want to thank Elad for his tireless service to the  Senate and for being a trusted resource and ally of mine. I urge my  colleagues to vote yes on the cloture motion and to support his  nomination so he can quickly get to work for the American people.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   