 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, yesterday, I had the chance to meet with  the President's nominee to fill the vacancy left by the retirement of  Justice Anthony Kennedy on the Supreme Court, and I am pleased with the  nominee the President has chosen. After talking to him yesterday  morning, I look forward to supporting his nomination and doing whatever  I can to ensure his bipartisan confirmation.   My conversation with Judge Kavanaugh refreshed my memory that we  actually had met back in 2000 when I was attorney general of Texas and  I was preparing to deliver an oral argument before the U.S. Supreme  Court--something I had never done before. Thanks to Judge Kavanaugh,  who wasn't a judge at the time, Paul Clement and Ted Olson--both of  whom had been Solicitor General of the United States--helped me get  prepared and do the best job I was capable of doing before the Court,  providing me a moot court opportunity. So it was good to catch up with  Judge Kavanaugh.   I have followed Judge Kavanaugh's career closely. In the interim,  obviously he has served as a circuit court judge on the DC Circuit  Court. Some might call it the second most important court in the  Nation, and that is primarily because it is located here in the  District of Columbia, and most of the major cases involving  administrative authority, Federal power, end up finding their way one  way or the other  [[Page S4927]]  through the DC Circuit Court of Appeals. So he has had a great judicial  career over the last 12 years and has written on a variety of topics. I  would say he is a pretty well-known quantity.   While you are going to hear a lot of demands for additional  information--and I am all for as much transparency as can be provided,  and Senators certainly have a right to get their hands on as much  information as possible about the nominee and his qualifications, his  background, and how he might perform as a Supreme Court Justice--I hope  this doesn't turn into a delay-of-game tactic.   He has had a long career in the government. He worked at the White  House as Staff Secretary, which, for those who aren't familiar with  that, means he was the last person who saw a piece of paper before it  was presented to the President for signature. That doesn't mean he was  the publisher or the author of that paper, and many times it was really  to make sure that it was correct, that it was accurate, that it had  been verified and authenticated, but he was the one who decided to turn  it over to the President for the President to sign, and it could have  been major matters or minor matters. But I hope we don't get to a point  where people say that every document or email that he happens to have  been copied on or have seen somehow becomes essential for a Senator  before they can decide whether to support his confirmation.   I would add that some Senators have come out and announced their  opposition to the nominee before he was even announced. I think our  friend from Pennsylvania did that--in other words, announced his  opposition to anybody this President might nominate to fill the vacancy  left by Anthony Kennedy. So I hope we don't hear from people like that,  that now they need more information so they can make a decision. They  have already made their decision, and it really is just a waste of  everybody's time and really an insult to the rest of the Senators who  are doing their due diligence and trying to perform their  constitutional responsibilities when it comes to providing advice and  consent on a nominee to the highest Court in the country.   Many people are familiar with the arc of Judge Kavanaugh's career,  but let me mention a few things, lest they be lost in all of the noise  here in Washington.   Of course, he graduated with honors from Yale College and attended  Yale Law School--two of the elite universities and law schools in the  country. He clerked for two Federal appellate judges before Justice  Anthony Kennedy on the Supreme Court. As the Presiding Officer knows,  those are the types of jobs that are highly competitive, and only the  best of the best get asked to serve as law clerks to Federal appellate  judges and certainly to the Supreme Court. Then he went on to work in  private practice, in the White House Counsel's office thereafter, and  finally as Staff Secretary, which I mentioned a few minutes ago, before  being confirmed to the Federal bench in Washington.   I want to step back for a moment because in the weeks ahead, we are  going to have plenty of time to talk about his credentials, his  experience, and his decisions, and we will have plenty of time to parse  all of the dissents, the concurrences, the majority opinions he has  written on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, but I think it is also  important to know the man, to know the person, because unfortunately,  Washington, DC, has a way of chewing up people, and their personality  and their humanity become separated from the political basis or  ideological basis upon which people may oppose them. So I think it is  important to know the qualities of this man because it informs us about  his character, which I hope we would all agree is an important element  in the qualifications of a Federal judge.   Judge Kavanaugh is one who is active in his community, as we heard on  the night the announcement his nomination was made. He is known as  Coach K on his daughter's basketball team and acts as a lector at his  church. He serves meals to needy families on a regular basis and tutors  children at local elementary schools. Frankly, I don't know where he  finds the time to do all those things while serving as a member of the  DC Circuit Court of Appeals. One friend called him a regular old  ``carpool dad.'' I think we all know what that is; it is a dad who  drives the kids to school. That comment was reported in the Washington  Post. This friend wrote that those who know Judge Kavanaugh' character  would render a ``unanimous verdict in his favor.''    Judge Kavanaugh is the former captain of his high school basketball  team. He has run the Boston Marathon--something I aspire to do. I just  made it through a half-marathon years ago but never a full marathon,  much less the Boston Marathon. He has won his court's annual 5K race  five times. As a matter of fact, I have seen him year after year over  in Anacostia when we have a race for charity that many of our Senate  offices participate in, along with the press and the Federal agencies,  including the courts. I believe I have seen him run in those 5K races  with his team.   Professionally, Judge Kavanaugh is known as a distinguished legal  professional, but it is important to know that even amidst the hustle  and bustle of a high-powered legal career, he found time to do a lot of  very important things. While in private practice, for example, he was  head of a practice group devoted to protecting religious liberties. You  don't earn a big fee as a lawyer by advocating in cases involving  religious liberties. Typically, these are cases where you volunteer  your time because you believe in the right of the citizen to have their  case heard by the courts. Particularly when it comes to religious  liberties, Judge Kavanaugh's record is crystal clear. He has advocated  on behalf of those--regardless of their ability to pay--whose religious  liberties were at risk. He also wrote two briefs for the Supreme Court  of the United States supporting the cause of religious liberty,  including the case I mentioned earlier that I argued in the Supreme  Court involving the Santa Fe Independent School District, which was  sued by the American Civil Liberties Union to prevent them from  allowing a student to volunteer their time to offer an inspirational  saying or a prayer before a football game in Texas. He authored an  amicus brief in support of that case.   When he is not volunteering for causes he believes in, he is the  father of two daughters--something near to my heart, and I know the  Presiding Officer has two daughters as well. He has been a mentor to  many law students whom he has taught over the years.   His colleague, Jack Goldsmith, a distinguished lawyer in his own  right at Harvard, described him as having ``many, many considerable  strengths as a judge and potential Justice, and [also] as a person.''   His former professor, Akhil Amar, who supported Hillary Clinton in  the last election, wrote in the New York Times a couple of days ago  that Judge Kavanaugh is a ``superb nominee'' who has ``already shown  flashes of greatness.'' I believe the headline of that op-ed piece by  Professor Amar talked about the liberal case for Brett Kavanaugh, and I  appreciate his willingness to talk about the man and his professional  credentials and not get bogged down in the polarized politics of  judicial confirmations here in Washington. He called the nomination of  Judge Kavanaugh President Trump's ``finest hour, his classiest move.''  That is pretty impressive.   These are just a few of the reasons why here in the Senate we need to  now move forward confidently and deliberately with the confirmation  process. We will proceed thoroughly but with expedition. It is, after  all, our constitutional role--now the President has discharged his  constitutional role--to offer advice and consent on the President's  nominee. I believe the President has chosen wisely, just as he did when  he chose Neil Gorsuch for the vacancy created by the unfortunate death  of Justice Scalia. The President has chosen well again, and I believe  this nominee is deserving of this high honor to serve on our Nation's  highest Court.   There are some who said that we need to wait or that there is not  enough time before the midterm election to confirm Judge Kavanaugh.  Well, that is a pretty transparent stalling tactic. Justice Kennedy  said he is vacating the Bench at the end of this month, so when the  Supreme Court reconvenes on October 1--I believe it is the first Monday  in October--it would  [[Page S4928]]  be good to have that vacancy left by the retirement of Judge Kennedy  filled with this nominee. So the idea that we can somehow put this off  until after the midterm elections I think makes no sense, or if it  makes sense, it makes sense only from the standpoint of stalling the  confirmation process.   I agree with the senior Senator from Connecticut, who said recently  that the Senate should do nothing to artificially delay consideration  of the next Justice. I agree with him. Since Justice Gorsuch and  Justice Sotomayor were confirmed just 66 days from the time they were  nominated, a similar amount of time should not be unreasonable for  Judge Kavanaugh. I am not suggesting it be exactly 66 days; it might be  a few days earlier or a few days later. But just to sort of orient  everybody as to the timeframe we are talking about, if it were 66 days,  like Justice Gorsuch and Justice Sotomayor, that would mean we would  vote to confirm Justice Kavanaugh on September 13, if my math is  correct.   Well, we know that these judicial nominations--particularly for the  Supreme Court of the United States--are hotly contested, and that is  because on the left, they see the Court as an end run around the  democratic process. In other words, what you can't win in an election  and what you can't win in a debate and vote of Congress, well, if you  can get the Court to do it--unelected, lifetime-appointed judges--then  you have basically won in advancing your policy position at the Federal  level. I would say that the opposite philosophy is one that was  embraced by Alexander Hamilton and James Madison, who viewed the courts  as what they called the least dangerous branch because they viewed the  courts as not being political and judges as being impartial arbiters of  the law and letting the chips fall where they may. But on the left, if  they can't achieve their desired policy outcomes through the normal  legislative process, well, doing it by lawsuit and by court decision  becomes the means to their end. That is why they are so upset, I think,  about this President's nominee. He is what I would call a traditional  judge in the James Madison, Alexander Hamilton mold--someone who  believes that judges have a very important job in our government, but  it is a limited job and role.    In other words, the main responsibility for making public policy  should fall on the shoulders of Members of Congress and the President  because we stand for election. If people don't like what we are doing,  they can knock on our door and say: Senator, we don't like what you are  doing. We want you to change your vote or your point of view.   That is entirely appropriate. If we don't, they reserve the time- honored right to throw the rascals out. You can't do that for a Federal  judge. That is why their role under the Constitution is circumscribed  as interpreting the law and applying the facts to settled law.   I understand why our friends across the aisle are disappointed. They  were hoping that President Hillary Clinton would be filling this  vacancy, and they were hoping that Majority Leader Chuck Schumer would  be the one guiding that nomination through the Senate. Instead, they  were disappointed--I understand it; it is a normal human reaction--that  President Trump won, so he is the one making the nomination, and a  Republican Senate, led by Majority Leader McConnell, is the one guiding  this nomination through.   I can understand their disappointment. It is no reason to drag your  feet or obstruct an orderly and thoughtful deliberative process when it  comes to filling this vacancy. We are going to have a chance to talk  about this topic a lot in the coming weeks.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. Hyde-Smith), the Senator from Arizona  (Mr. McCain), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran), the Senator from  Kentucky (Mr. Paul), and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Tillis).   