 Madam Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from  California for yielding to me and for the work that we have been able  to do together.   In my 3\1/2\ short years in Washington, D.C., I have learned a very  simple thing: if you want to get big things done, you have to actually  do it together. And the only way that this body gets things done is if  we work across the aisle to get things done. I have learned that way  more unites us as a country than divides us, and that it is actually  possible to disagree without being disagreeable. This is something that  I have learned firsthand with the distinguished gentleman from  California and the distinguished gentlewoman from New Mexico.   I would say that, through this process, learning more about these  young men and women, who have only known the United States of America  as their home, over a million men and women who are in school, who are  working hard, 5 percent of the DACA population are entrepreneurs, which  is more than twice the national average, these are men and women--in  Texas alone, the DACA population has a $7 billion impact on the State's  GDP. That is pretty big. These are young men and women that are already  contributing to our history, our culture, our economy, and they are  already Americans.   We are going to continue to work in a bipartisan way to solve the  problem of DACA, and also solve the problem of border security. I have  more border than any Member of Congress--820 miles. It is 2018 and we  still don't have operational control of our border. But we are not  going to solve this problem with a 30-foot high concrete structure that  takes 4 hours to penetrate. We are going to solve it by using  technology.   The technology exists today to determine the difference between a  bunny rabbit and a person and be able to deploy a drone to track and  actually secure our communities. We are already seeing that happen, if  you haven't read a Wired article from this week talking about some  entrepreneurs from the gentleman's great State that are working on  solving this problem.   I will close with this. If we are going to get anything done to solve  real big problems in this country, we have to do it in a bipartisan  fashion. I am proud to stand with a number of Republicans and  Democrats, and I am proud to have to be one of the sponsors of the only  bipartisan piece of legislation in solving border security and  committing to solve the problem: a permanent legislative fix for the  young men and women that are DACA recipients.   We are going to continue to do this, we are going to continue to work  hard, and we are going to continue to do it in a bipartisan fashion. As  always, I am looking forward to spending more time with my friends from  New Mexico and California.   