 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of  H.R. 1865, the Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking  Act, and the rule that brings this bill to the floor. I thank the  gentleman from Georgia for yielding me this time. I want to also  commend the gentlewoman from Missouri for introducing this very  important legislation.   According to the Department of Justice, more than half of sex  trafficking victims are 17 years old or younger. According to the  National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, there was an  astounding 846 percent increase from 2010 to 2015 in reports of  suspected child sex trafficking. They found this to be ``directly  correlated to the increased use of the internet to sell children for  sex.''   This is something I have been concerned about for a long time. Before  I came to Congress, I was a criminal court judge for 7\1/2\ years  trying felony criminal cases. Far too many of those cases involved  sexual abuse of minors. I was told my first day as a judge that well  over 90 percent of defendants in felony cases came from father-absent  households. Certainly family breakdown has been a major factor--maybe  the major factor--in almost all serious crimes we have had through the  years.   But certainly another problem is that we have addicted our children  to the computers. Now, almost everyone is addicted to computers, iPads,  iPods, and screens of all types. While some technology has been good,  it has also in some ways been very harmful to many in our society.   In an article entitled ``Have Smartphones Destroyed a Generation?,''  psychologist Jean M. Twenge wrote in the Atlantic magazine: ``If you  were going to give advice for a happy adolescence based on this survey,  it would be straightforward: Put down the phone, turn off the laptop,  and do something--anything--that does not involve a screen.''   She wrote that too much time on the internet has caused teenagers to  be more subject to mental problems of all types, even depression and  suicide. While this advice pertains to teens, I think it really applies  to everyone. Even most adults today would be healthier, both mentally  and physically, if they spent less time staring at screens.   Today, technology has made many things easier, but, unfortunately,  this includes the crime of child sex trafficking. This is very  important legislation, very necessary at this time, and I strongly  encourage my colleagues to support this bill.   