 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, thank you.   Last week at the NATO summit in Brussels, the leaders of all 29  member states, including the United States with President Trump, signed  a declaration reaffirming the purpose of the alliance--collective  defense and the importance of article 5, which regards being attacked  against one ally as an attack against all others.   There may be a growing sense here in the United States that NATO is  no longer useful to our interests and that it is a burden that is not  worth the cost.   I recently traveled to Moscow, Oslo, and Helsinki with members of the  Senate Appropriations Committee, many of us on the Subcommittee on  Defense. We had meetings with U.S. Embassy officials, our Ambassadors,  and foreign government officials--people within the ministries of  foreign affairs, ministries of defense, and with legislative leaders in  that region.   At my meetings in Moscow, we worked to begin a dialogue with Russian  counterparts. Everything I heard in those meetings reinforces my belief  that Russia remains a threat to European stability and that a united  NATO is essential to countering the threat and preserving American  peace and prosperity.   Two wars in Europe last century resulted in the loss of hundreds of  thousands of American lives who fought the forces of tyranny. To  prevent a third war against this Communist menace, Western European  powers, still weakened by World War II, formed an alliance with America  and Canada to deter the Soviet Union's massive conventional forces from  invading beyond what became the eastern bloc.   Not only did NATO successfully deter the Soviet Union until its  collapse in 1991--and in my view, NATO contributed to the Soviet Union  collapse in a significant way--but in that process, America's  commitment to European security allowed these allies to recover from  the war economically, strengthened democratic governance, and enabled  them to stop fearing one another.   We would be naive to believe that threats critical to North Atlantic  security have faded along with the Soviet Union. Indeed, my recent  interactions in Europe confirmed that Russia remains a revisionist  power intent on continuing Russia's disruptive activities in Europe,  the Middle East, and here at home in the United States.   In every meeting I attended, I made clear that the Russians must end  their election-meddling here in the United States and Europe in order  to open doors to rebuilding our relations. I brought up Russia's  destabilizing support for separatists in Ukraine and its illegal  seizure of Crimea after Ukraine democratically chose a President who  sought closer ties with the West.   Supporting and admitting that they share intelligence with the  Taliban undermines the democratic government in Afghanistan and  undermines our Nation's military as we continue to fight the Taliban  alongside the Afghan National Security Forces.   In each circumstance of those conversations, Russian officials,  including Foreign Minister Lavrov, continued to obfuscate or outright  deny any responsibility. However, those meetings left me unconvinced  that Russia is prepared to change its behavior.   In subsequent talks in Norway, a NATO member, and Finland, a NATO  partner, the concerns relayed to me by these European leaders  underscore the fear our European friends have about Russian activities.  During our meetings, my colleagues and I reassured them of America's  commitment to our joint security, and that commitment from the entire  U.S. Government must not waver.   The first Supreme Allied Commander in Europe overseeing all NATO  military operations was Kansas's own Dwight D. Eisenhower. As President  in 1957, he declared before our NATO allies that we must ``re-dedicate  ourselves to the task of dispelling the shadows that are being cast  upon the free world.''   In addition to ongoing Russian subterfuge, terrorist groups remain  intent on striking the West, threats to data information require strong  cyber security measures, and the scourge of human and drug trafficking  degrades social structures. On these and other issues, NATO allies have  coordinated and contributed to the security of our own country, the  United States of America.   In particular, let's recall that only once has NATO invoked article  5--in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks on our country. The only time  the NATO alliance has been asked to respond, they declared a  willingness to respond--that an attack on one is an attack on all--when  the United States of America was attacked on 9/11.   When we went to war against al-Qaida and its Taliban hosts in  Afghanistan, we were not alone. The United States has nearly 15,000  troops serving in Afghanistan, and they are serving with NATO coalition  forces as part of counterterrorism efforts to support Afghanistan's  fight against the Taliban and ISIS, which has seized strategic  territories in recent years.   We are approaching 17 years of support from our NATO allies in  Afghanistan--support that has come even at the expense of the blood of  those who serve. Just last week, I am saddened to say, two U.S. Army  soldiers paid the ultimate sacrifice and were killed while serving in  Afghanistan, and at least two more soldiers have been wounded from  insurgent attacks.   Finally, there is an economic threat that a destabilized Europe poses  to our Nation's well-being. The EU--distinct from NATO but certainly a  beneficiary of the security provided--is America's largest trading  partner.   Questioning why we should come to the defense of the smallest NATO  member damages the alliance, and it hurts our alliances elsewhere. If  we won't honor a treaty in Europe, friends might wonder why we would  honor a treaty in Asia. Predators can take advantage of our perceived  indifference. That is, in part, what led to the Korean war.   The United States contributes 22 percent of NATO's total budget. In  addition to our NATO contributions, the United States continues to  increase defense spending on our military presence supporting our  partners, with more than $6 billion in fiscal year 2019 appropriated  for the European Deterrence Initiative and another $792 million  invested in military construction across the continent.   President Trump is absolutely right to urge fellow allies to increase  their defense spending, and I echoed that message on our trip to Norway  when we visited with those allies in Oslo. To the credit of our allies,  they have increased spending by more than $40 billion in the past year.  [[Page S5059]]    Fighting alongside us in Afghanistan, where they continue to serve  beside us today, unfortunately, more than 1,000 Europeans have died.   NATO is strong, and it is getting stronger. I believe the strength of  NATO relies on remaining unified. Words matter, and what Americans say  can bolster or shake confidence in the United States.   I will conclude on this personal note. I thought of the force for  good our country has provided the world as I stood in our Embassy in  Moscow on July 4th, our Independence Day, watching the Marine Corps  Honor Guard's presentation of the colors as our national anthem was  sung. It is difficult for me to sing the national anthem without  choking up wherever I am, but it was especially difficult that day as I  reflected upon the course of events in my life--when kids practiced  getting under their desks for missile drills, to the fall of the Berlin  Wall, to the aftermath of 9/11, to a father who served in World War II.  I honor him and all those who served.   Over the past 70 years, it is America that has safeguarded freedom  for our people and for those who live elsewhere in the world. Along the  way, our vision of a freer, more prosperous world attracted allies who  shared our dream.   Our foremost responsibility is to protect Americans all the time and  to promote our values around the world. We can do this better. We can  do this with our allies. With them, we will have a better future.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   