 Madam Speaker, before I respond to President Trump's  claim that the rescue and recovery effort in Puerto Rico a year ago  after Hurricane Maria was ``one of the best jobs that's ever been  done,'' I want to make a few things clear.   First of all, everyone is praying for our friends and neighbors along  the eastern seaboard who will be facing the wind and rain of Hurricane  Florence today. I support them and the first responders who are helping  and the people running shelters and delivering medicine to the sick and  the injured; and I fully support FEMA, Homeland Security, and State and  local governments for what they are doing, especially the brave men and  women on the front line in harm's way today.   Secondly, in the last few weeks, the official death toll of Hurricane  Maria was raised to 3,000 based on a meticulous study by George  Washington's Milken Institute of Public Health, and the number is based  on facts and the truth. More people died in Hurricane Maria in Puerto  Rico than died in Hurricane Katrina and that died in the attacks on  September 11.   That is not fake news, Mr. President.   The temptation is to fault FEMA and the job they did in Puerto Rico.  I want to make clear, individuals at FEMA and FEMA as an agency did  heroic work in Puerto Rico, and FEMA continues to do that work.   I flew with FEMA pilots 10 days after the storm hit, and I saw their  work up close. It is clear that they saved lives.   But let me also be very, very clear. With 3,000 people dead, for the  President to say that Puerto Rico was a success, a triumph of his  Presidency, is simply delusional.   Only in the President's mind could he give himself an A-plus. Only in  the President's mind could we go a year without an apology to the  American people for his incompetence in managing a crisis where 3,000  people died, Mr. President. And now he denies that they are even dead.   It takes a man of humility, honor, and compassion to admit when he  has made a tremendous and deadly mistake in caring for the American  people; and we know we do not have a man in the White House who is  capable of such emotions of empathy, of basic human decency.   This Congress has failed to provide any meaningful oversight for fear  they might embarrass the President with the facts.   Thursday will mark 1 year since the storm hit, and think back a year  ago. The popular and charismatic mayor of San Juan, Carmen Yulin Cruz,  called for help on national TV, saying people are dying. The President  had a meltdown because he doesn't like being criticized by women, so  the mayor's words were more than the President could take.   Most of us knew at the time, and all of us know now a year after the  storm, the mayor was right and the President was wrong. People died. He  was dead wrong.   Disasters require preparedness and rapid response, but FEMA was not  fully prepared, and they were not fully supported in the rapid response  by the Trump administration, which was then and is now a disorganized  mess. And we don't need Bob Woodward to tell us that.   Yes, the massive power of the storm was compounded by decades of  neglect from Washington, which contributed to the debt crisis and  infrastructure collapse. And to be clear, Puerto Rico's problems didn't  happen overnight and didn't happen on President Trump's watch. But let  us also be clear, it is his watch now.   As President of the United States, he is responsible for Puerto Rico,  a U.S. territory that belongs to, is a possession, property of the  United States of America.   Yes, islands are surrounded by water, Mr. President--in the case of  Puerto Rico, deep water--but FEMA and Homeland Security never called  the most powerful military in the world, the U.S. military, which has  capabilities and capacities well beyond those of FEMA.   From the beginning, the President's focus was on damage control from  a political standpoint, not damage control  [[Page H8174]]  from a human life standpoint. The sad truth is that, in trying so hard  to make sure that the hurricane didn't become ``Trump's Katrina,'' we  lost far more lives. This was a disaster mismanagement, and that lies  at the feet of the President and his administration.   What is offensive to many of us is that, even though the President  dropped the ball, he is now doing a victory dance in the end zone--or  should we call it the dead zone.   I pray that his response to the current disaster unfolding along the  East Coast will be better and more empathetic. He has a golf club in  North Carolina and a winery in Virginia, so maybe the American people  in those States will get more of the President's help than my fellow  Puerto Ricans did. And I pray the response is more successful.   