 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to speak about the Water Resources  Development Act, the cloture motion of which we will be voting on very  shortly. I strongly support moving forward with this legislation, and I  encourage this body's support of that important work.   I begin by thanking Chairman Barrasso, Ranking Member Carper, and  Senator Inhofe for their great work on this bill. On the Environment  and Public Works Committee, we have the leadership of Senator Barrasso  and Senator Carper, and on the subcommittee that deals with  infrastructure, I work with Senator Inhofe. The four of us have worked  very closely in, I think, the best traditions of the Environment and  Public Works Committee in the U.S. Senate in order to bring forward  legislation that really does represent the priorities of all 100  Members of the U.S. Senate.   From the beginning, I acknowledge the amount of work that was done in  order to accomplish this. It was done in great measure by incredibly  gifted staff people who have been working for a long period of time in  order to bring this bill to completion. Obviously, there are rough  edges, and there are problems that require a lot of negotiations. Yet I  know that Senator Barrasso, Senator Carper, and Senator Inhofe will  agree with me about the importance of our staffs' work.   I acknowledge Mae Stevens of my staff for the work she has done on  this legislation to advance the priorities that are important for the  people of Maryland and to make sure we have a well-balanced bill for  our country.   As I think my colleagues know, the focal point of my environmental  work has been to restore and protect the Chesapeake Bay, which is  considered to be one of America's greatest natural resources and is a  national treasure. The Chesapeake Bay is the Nation's largest estuary.  It generates $1 trillion in economic benefit to the watershed region.  The Chesapeake Bay is critically important with regard to who we are as  a region, our quality of life, our economy, and because of its rich  environmental treasures.   The shoreline of the Chesapeake Bay and its tidal tributaries stretch  over 2,000 miles. More than 100,000 streams and rivers and thousands of  acres of wetlands provide the freshwater that flows into the Chesapeake  Bay. If we do not protect the health of this incredible network of  waters, we cannot hope to restore the Chesapeake Bay to its former  glory.   Additionally, the effort to clean up and restore the bay creates new  jobs and economic growth opportunities around the bay States. For  example, work to repair and upgrade our urban and suburban wastewater  and stormwater systems puts people to work as engineers and operators,  and there are so many more jobs that are created.   Although we are making great strides in improving the quality of the  Chesapeake Bay--I am very pleased of the progress we have made, and I  think you see that when you visit the Inner Harbor of Baltimore or our  shorelines--we still have a long way to go.   America's Water Infrastructure Act of 2018 supports the health of the  Chesapeake Bay. In doing so, it helps our Nation's economic  competitiveness, our environment, and the health and welfare of our  citizens. In particular, I am pleased that America's Water  Infrastructure Act of 2018 will help both Poplar Island and the Mid-Bay  project to continue what is a win-win for both the Baltimore Harbor and  the Chesapeake Bay. Both of these projects are located in the State of  Maryland. Both are critically important for us to maintain the  environment and economy of the Chesapeake Bay.  [[Page S6711]]    I have seen firsthand the results of the U.S. Army Corps of  Engineers' efforts around the State. The Corps' ingenuity and expertise  have spearheaded the replenishing and expansion of Poplar Island in the  Chesapeake Bay. This massive sustainability project is quite literally  bringing life to our region in its restoration of a habitat which for  years suffered from erosion and environmental degradation.   We are taking Poplar Island, which used to exist in the Chesapeake  Bay but had been down to just a few acres, and restoring it in an  environmental restoration project. We are bringing back wildlife and  species diversification into the Chesapeake Bay. At the same time, it  is a location for dredged materials. I can tell you, in my having been  in Congress, it is not always easy to find locations to put dredged  materials. Poplar Island is also popular with the community, so it has  been a win-win-win situation.   The expansion of the island now to 1,715 acres has the long-term  benefit of creating a place for our native plants and animals to thrive  and the short-term benefit of efficiently utilizing dredged materials  from the maintenance of the Port of Baltimore to rebuild the island  beyond its original footprint. We are now back up to over 1,700 acres  from just the few acres that existed not too many years ago. This  creates a system that helps to improve the vitality of both our  treasured ecosystem and our commercial waterways, and it sets a  precedent for beneficial practices in the future.   The Army Corps has collaborated with Federal and State agencies,  local communities, and businesses for input on this project, ensuring  that its benefits will extend to all within the region.   The Mid-Bay Project is a continuation of the very successful Poplar  Island project, and I am pleased that both projects are supported in  this bill. Poplar Island will reach its capacity in the next few years,  which is what we planned on. Yet, in order to make sure we have another  site that is available, we have to move that project now so that the  planning process can be completed in time and engineering work can be  completed in time so that there is no loss of activity in keeping the  harbors at the needed dredge levels for shipping and have a site where  the dredged material can be located. That is why it is so critically  important to move forward with Mid-Bay now.    We need policies that will keep up with the demand of our  infrastructure backlog while we address the needs of our communities  and our environment. We can and we must do both. I am pleased that  America's Water Infrastructure Act of 2018 would help projects in the  Anacostia River watershed in Prince George's County get off the ground.   This is the third WRDA bill in a row. Congress is including updates  to our Nation's drinking water, wastewater, and stormwater  infrastructure, including much needed funding.   The American Society of Civil Engineers has yet again given our  drinking water and wastewater a grade of D for 2016. States will need  $32.75 billion a year every year for the next 20 years just to get our  infrastructure in working order, which is more than $1 trillion. Yet we  are currently only spending about $2 billion per year on both the clean  water and drinking water State revolving funds combined. Every  community--urban, rural, and suburban neighborhoods--has a right to  expect that water that comes from its tap is safe to drink and that  Congress will do everything within its power to ensure that it happens.  Clean water means good jobs and better health throughout Maryland and  our Nation.   Clean water is not a partisan issue, and I have been proud to work  with my colleagues to develop legislation that will benefit our aging  water resources and infrastructure. Congress has the responsibility to  be a strong partner with States and localities to repair our Nation's  hidden water infrastructure and open waterways and to always remain  unwavering in our commitment to improve the Chesapeake Bay watershed.   One of the problems is that a lot of our water infrastructure is  hidden. You don't see it, but you sure do notice it if you don't get  clean water to drink, and you sure notice it when it affects the water  quality of the bay or of other critical waters in this country. We  really need to pay attention to this. We need to increase our capacity  to be a partner in modernizing our water infrastructure, and this  legislation absolutely takes a major step forward in carrying out that  commitment.   Let me talk about some of the specific provisions that are included  in this act.   First, the bill includes S. 1137, the Clean Safe Reliable Water  Infrastructure Act, which was introduced by me and Senators Boozman,  Inhofe, and Duckworth. It addresses the need to invest in our Nation's  drinking water, sewer, and stormwater systems, and it provides for  increased water efficiency.   The Clean Safe Reliable Water Infrastructure Act specifically  includes $450 million to protect the sources of our drinking water and  the funding to repair and eliminate combined sewer overflows, which  dump water sewage into our Nation's waterways every time it rains. This  is especially timely as the Mid-Atlantic region has seen historic  precipitation events increasingly in the last decade. These 100- or  1,000-year events cause wastewater treatment plants to take on more  water than they can handle. Millions of gallons of untreated water are  diverted into our local waterways--the same water that supplies our  drinking water and the fish, crabs, and oysters that Marylanders love  to eat.   In fact, there was a storm so massive in Frederick, MD, just a few  months ago that city officials asked residents to stop using the water  in order to prevent equipment failure at the wastewater treatment  plant. This is a crisis situation. This $450 million will go far toward  helping to divert stormwater away from the wastewater treatment plant  in Frederick as well as those like it all over the State of Maryland  and our Nation.   The Clean Safe Reliable Water Infrastructure Act also formally  authorizes the voluntary WaterSense Program, which identifies and  promotes water-efficient products through voluntary labeling. The  WaterSense label makes it simple to find water-efficient products, new  homes, and programs that meet the EPA's criteria for efficiency and  performance. WaterSense-labeled products and services are certified to  use at least 20-percent less water, save energy, and perform as well as  or better than regular models. The program should help individuals  reduce their water demand while protecting water quality. This benefits  all of us, as we save water, we save energy, and we save costs.   The EPA's WaterSense Program partners with manufacturers, retailers,  distributors, home builders, irrigation professionals, and utilities to  bring efficient products and services to our communities, and their  partnerships encourage innovation in manufacturing and support  sustainable jobs for American workers.   Secondly, the WRDA bill creates a multi-agency Federal task force to  study the problem of funding and financing stormwater infrastructure.  The task force will, with the feedback from State and local governments  and other program stakeholders, provide in a report to Congress  suggestions for improving the funding and financing of stormwater  systems--especially important as Maryland sees more frequent and severe  storms, like the deadly floods in Ellicott City that were 22 months  apart.   I have already spoken on the Senate floor about what happened in  Ellicott City, MD. Within 20 months, we had two 1,000-year floods.  These floods were unprecedented. What do I mean by that? We have had  flooding in Ellicott City before because the water rises in the river  that goes through Ellicott City. These are the first floods we have had  as a result of the stormwater runoff that literally ran down the main  streets of Ellicott City. It destroyed homes and cost people their  lives.   We need to deal with this. Stormwater pollution is not only an urgent  and deadly threat but a long-term one as well. Stormwater pollution is  the fastest growing source of pollution in the Chesapeake Bay. Yes, we  talk about our farmers, and we have to do better for our farmers. We  talk about the other problems we have, including the airborne  pollutants that go into the Bay. But the fastest growing source in the  Chesapeake Bay is storm runoff, which is a result of more people  [[Page S6712]]  living in the community, a result of more concrete, and a result of  more severe weather events.   Third, the bill addresses the need for information about onsite  wastewater recycling as one alternative for communities that cannot  afford the upfront costs or ongoing maintenance costs of traditional  wastewater infrastructure. This is especially important in the rural  parts of my State, like Maryland's Eastern Shore.   Fourth, the bill includes S. 451, the Water Resources Research  Amendments Act, introduced by me and Senator Boozman, which addresses  the need for additional research into increasing the effectiveness and  efficiency of new and existing water treatment works. Funding from this  program helps to support the Maryland Water Resources Research Center  and the Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering at the  University of Maryland, College Park. We want to add the latest  technology. We want to be the best in the world, as far as technology,  when dealing with our water. This particular provision in the bill will  help us achieve those objectives.   Fifth, the bill reauthorizes WIFIA, a low-cost financing mechanism  for water infrastructure projects. We first started with WIFIA in our  transportation bill, coming out of our Environment and Public Works  Committee, where we found creative ways in order to leverage the  Federal participation so we can have larger infrastructure projects for  roads, transit, and bridges. Now we are doing the same with water  infrastructure. This bill reauthorizes the WIFIA program.   Baltimore is on the list to receive one of the very first low- interest WIFIA loans. Baltimore's $200 million loan will complete a set  of projects to repair, rehabilitate, replace, and upgrade its  wastewater collection and treatment, water treatment and distribution,  and storm water management systems.   These projects will help to improve the city's sanitary sewer  collection system, ensure the reliability and performance of the  drinking water and wastewater systems, and improve storm water  management to meet Clean Water Act permit requirements.   This will help the 1.8 million people served by the Baltimore  Department of Public Works to continue to have some of the cleanest,  safest, and most reliable drinking water in the country. There is no  more fundamental responsibility of government than to make sure they  provide safe drinking water to its population.   Sixth, this bill creates the Water Infrastructure Resiliency and  Sustainability Program, from a bill that I have long championed to help  drinking water plants combat the effects of climate change. This  program will award grants to increase the resiliency and adaptability  of water systems to increasingly severe storms and droughts, as well as  sea level rise--all caused by climate change.   Water utilities can use the grants to assist in the planning, design,  construction, implementation, operation, or maintenance of the plant-- really, anything they need to increase their climate preparedness.   I applaud the great work that has been accomplished through this  legislation, and I look forward to continuing the work to advance water  infrastructure investment, including integrated planning and  affordability.   From the very beginning, I said that this was a bill that was done in  the right process in the Senate. Input was solicited from every Member  of the Senate. The committee reached out to all of the Members. All the  members of our committee have had input into this legislation. It is  bipartisan. It is fiscally responsible, which was a key requirement of  the bill.   It will benefit of our communities. It will help us to meet our  fundamental commitment to provide the citizens of this Nation with  clean and safe drinking water. It will deal with the challenges we have  in storm runoff, as it deals with environmental challenges we have. It  is a well-balanced bill.   Once again, I applaud the leadership of Senators Barrasso and Carper  and my colleague on the subcommittee, Senator Inhofe, for their  tremendous work.   I look forward to voting for this bill, and I urge my colleagues to  do the same.   I yield the floor.   