 Mr. Speaker, I would thank my colleagues on both sides of  the aisle, and our staffs, who worked so hard on this legislation.   I rise to offer my strong support for S. 292, the Childhood Cancer  Survivorship, Treatment, Access, and Research Act of 2018, simply known  as the Childhood Cancer STAR Act. The House version of this important  legislation was spearheaded by several, including my colleague  Representative  Michael McCaul of Texas, the chairman of the House  Committee on Homeland Security. I would like to thank the gentleman for  his leadership on this bipartisan initiative.   Being told your child has cancer is probably every parent's worst  nightmare. Even though childhood cancer is rare, it is still the second  leading cause of death in children aged 1 to 14. In the last Congress  we passed the 21st Century Cures Act. This landmark legislation  modernized the Nation's biomedical and innovation infrastructure, and  it streamlined the process for how drugs and medical devices are  approved so we can get new treatments to patients faster.   And we have invested heavily in the National Institutes of Health  through the appropriations process--then and now--recently increasing  their budget by $3 billion in the 2018 spending bill, which I  supported. The STAR Act builds on these investments and expands the  reach of the 21st Century Cures legislation by focusing critical  resources to advance both research and treatments for pediatric cancer.   By reauthorizing and modifying the National Childhood Cancer  Registry; supporting childhood cancer biorepositories; improving the  tracking of cancer in children, adolescents, and young adults; and  supporting efforts to improve the pediatric cancer survivorship care,  the STAR Act will improve both treatment of children currently battling  cancer and the quality of life for the young survivors who have beaten  this terrible disease.   So I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. This is  good work we are doing here today in a bipartisan way in the United  States House of Representatives. We will save lives. We will help  families. Especially, we will help these children who are suffering  mightily.    Mr. Speaker, today represents the third time this year  that the House has considered legislation to deliver hope to patients  who are battling terminal diseases. Twice already, a bipartisan  majority of Members has supported increasing patient access to  investigational drugs through a new pathway outside of the existing  expanded access program, and the bill before us today is deserving of  that same support.   Thirty-nine States have right-to-try laws, including my home State of  Oregon. While the State policies vary, they have a common goal: helping  vulnerable patients. President Trump praised the movement during the  State of the Union. He said: ``People who are terminally ill should not  have to go from country to country to seek a cure. I want to give them  a chance here at home.'' Those are the President's words. Since this  time, he has continued to feverishly advocate for this legislation.   For today's debate, I believe it is important to understand that it  is both  [[Page H4358]]  the background of this issue as well as the politics that have brought  us back to this floor.   Today, there is an existing process for patients to access unapproved  drugs. The FDA oversees the expanded access program, commonly known as  compassionate use. This program has been critical in helping patients  access experimental or investigative drugs.   As I previously said before in this Chamber, Commissioner Gottlieb  and the agency should be commended for their continued work to improve  the expanded access program for patients.   To improve this successful program, the bill this Chamber previously  passed provides liability protections for manufacturers, sponsors,  physicians, clinical investigators, and hospitals that participate in  the existing expanded access program and the new alternative pathway  created under the legislation. That provision removes one of the  biggest hurdles patients face, as identified by the Government  Accountability Office, in gaining access to experimental therapies:  manufacturer hesitancy to participate. That is the obstacle. That same  bill creates a new alternative pathway for patients who do not qualify  for a clinical trial.   It is my view that the House-passed bill strengthens patient  protections with clearer informed consent and adverse event reporting.  The bill also ensures that the FDA is notified when a patient receives  an unapproved drug through the new alternative pathway to ensure proper  oversight.   But when a strong bipartisan majority of this Chamber, of the U.S.  House of Representatives, Mr. Speaker, delivered for patients and  answered President Trump's call to give Americans the right to try,  leaders in the Senate on the other side of the aisle objected, blocking  terminally ill patients from increasing access to investigational  drugs. But we will not allow them to play politics to delay this effort  any longer. That is why we are here today.   Mr. Speaker, across our great country, men, women, children, and  parents are desperately seeking a beacon of hope, and the Senate bill  we have before us today will provide it.   Mr. Speaker, I thank President Trump and Vice President Pence for  continuing to weigh in on this important issue; and the sponsors of  past and current legislation, including Senator Johnson and  Representatives Fitzpatrick and Biggs, who are here with us today. They  have all been tireless in their advocacy and their efforts for this  worthy cause. I am glad to see that, together, we are once again going  to deliver.   But, most importantly, I would like to acknowledge the individuals  this bill is named after: Trickett, Frank, Jordan, and Matthew. Jordan  was here on the House floor the first time we considered right-to-try  legislation, and Matthew testified at our hearing last fall. Jordan is  back with us today. It is through their advocacy and hope to find a  treatment or a cure that we have this chance to give patients the right  to try.   Mr. Speaker, it is time for the House to do what the entire United  States Senate did and pass this legislation. It is time to send a  right-to-try bill to President Trump's desk, where he is eager to sign  it.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation.   