 Mr. Speaker, Russia has been working to undermine our  democracy, as well as democracies throughout Europe, including Central  and Eastern Europe.   Unfortunately, too many Americans and elected officials have been  distracted from Russia's secret operations because of the pitched,  partisan battle regarding Putin's involvement in the 2016 Presidential  race.   The bottom line is this: Democrats and Republicans can't lose focus  on Russia's worldwide treachery due to our hyperpartisanship here at  home.   Instead, Democrats and Republicans in Congress must work together to  expose Russia's worldwide plan to subvert democracy. We must face the  reality that Russia is a strategic competitor of the United States that  is using nontraditional, nonmilitary weapons in a hybrid warfare to  undermine democracies in countries that are ill-equipped to combat  their malign efforts.   Instead of focusing on Russia's activities during the 2016 election,  I have introduced a bipartisan bill, the Russia Anti-Corruption Act,  with 13 Republicans and 10 Democratic cosponsors, to expose and thwart  Putin and his cronies' illicit activities in Eastern Europe and Europe  as a whole.    Whether bribing politicians, cyber attacks, manipulating social media  networks, buying media outlets to promote propaganda, or purchasing  power plants to control energy supplies to gain leverage over unstable  governments, we must define, document, and  [[Page H4142]]  disrupt the corruption flowing from Moscow, which imperils the  democratic foundations of our U.S. allies.   Our legislation would establish within the State Department an office  of anticorruption relating to illicit Russian financial activities in  Europe which would analyze Russia's financial meddling in strategic  European sectors, including real estate, energy, media, and  infrastructure.   The office will collaborate with the Treasury Department to train  U.S. diplomats to work with foreign partners to uncover and prosecute  illegal Russian financial activity. This office will also work with our  NATO allies to elevate anticorruption operations as part of NATO's  readiness action plan.   Oligarchs connected to Vladimir Putin are malevolent allies in the  Russian President's hybrid warfare scheme. They flood Europe with dirty  money, bribing politicians and purchasing key assets to subvert  democracy. The Panama Papers found a trail of $2 billion that leads  back to the Russian President. Such money has gone to support fringe  political parties in France, Germany, Austria, and elsewhere.   Well-funded Russian media outlets also play a key role in this hybrid  warfare. They spread lies and weaken faith in European governments. Our  allies in Central and Eastern Europe have accused Russia of a campaign  of bribery meant to undermine the transatlantic alliance.   All of this, of course, complements Russia's more overt tactics, from  its military aggression in the Ukraine to its campaign of  assassinations on European soil. As Putin and his cronies work to  discredit open societies, the dark and dangerous sphere of Moscow's  influence grows and grows and grows. That is how democracies can die.   Mr. Speaker, this is not about President Trump, and it is not about  Democrats versus Republicans. Members of Congress must work together to  find solutions to the very serious threats posed by Russia the world  over.   I now yield to my friend and colleague, Mr. French Hill, the original  cosponsor of the Russia Anti-Corruption Act and a real leader on this  critical issue.   