 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, Chairman Bishop has just provided an accurate statement  of the economic rationale for the Northern Mariana Islands U.S.  Workforce Act, H.R. 5956.   The Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act will allow the  Marianas economy to continue growing so there is ample opportunity for  new business investments and for jobs. I want to use my time simply to  emphasize that this bill is about jobs--jobs for U.S. workers in my  district.   The bill contains new requirements to ensure that no U.S. worker is  ever passed over for a job and that wages and working conditions for  U.S. workers are always maintained and protected.   It ensures the fees employers pay are put to effective use, providing  better training and apprenticeship opportunities for U.S. workers. The  bill encourages the continuing conversion of the Marianas economy to  one in which, numerically, U.S. workers are predominant. That is why  the legislation is titled the Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce  Act. That is a statement of our purpose and our goal.   I say ``our purpose'' because this legislation is the product of a  bipartisan and bicameral working group. It included Chairman Bishop and  Ranking Member Grijalva, their committee leader counterparts in the  other body, the Judiciary Committee representatives, and myself.   We began in late 2016 working first on the legislation that became  Public Law 115-53. It was not easy finding common ground among such a  diversity of views. But by listening to each other and because we share  a common concern to better the lives of Americans--even Americans in  the faraway Marianas--we succeeded in agreeing on this second bill, the  Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act, a very good bill with very  good policy.    As a Delegate, Mr. Speaker, I cannot vote for this bill. I can,  however, give my vote of thanks to Chairman Bishop because even a good  bill with good policy has to navigate the twists and turns of the  legislative process. And without the chairman's leadership, we might  not be here on the floor today considering the Northern Mariana Islands  U.S. Workforce Act.   I thank the gentleman and leadership on both sides of the aisle,  whose attention and cooperation helped me bring this bill to the floor,  and thank all of the working group members who helped the people of the  Northern Marianas by working with me to draft this legislation.   Lastly, I thank my constituents. Over the last 10 years, they have  shared their own experiences with me and given me their ideas on what  Federal policy would best fit our islands. I listened to them and spoke  for them, and we have incorporated their experiences and their ideas  into the Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act. I believe my  constituents' needs are well represented because this legislation has  the full support of the Marianas Governor, the legislature, the  business community, and the men and women who meet and talked with me  in everyday life.   In closing, I ask my colleagues for their support of the Northern  Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act.   Seeing no other speakers, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Nolan).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time remains.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the distinguished gentleman from  Vermont (Mr. Welch) such time as he may consume.    Mr. Speaker, I ask for support of this legislation. I  just want to say if it is really 4,600 miles, then that is the  equivalent of a round trip between San Francisco and Honolulu, a  distance which I frequently fly and don't actually enjoy sitting down.   Mr. Speaker, at this time I have no further speakers. I ask for  support, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I support this bill to establish the Susquehanna  National Heritage Area in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.   Seen as ``a new kind of national park'' that leverages public-private  partnerships with a focus on regional economic development, the first  national heritage area was signed into law by President Ronald Reagan  in 1984. Since then, Congress has authorized many successful heritage  areas throughout the country, and this model makes a lot of sense for  certain regions. However, it has been a while since the House passed a  standalone bill to establish a new national heritage area, so this is  an encouraging sign.   We appreciate the renewed interest in national heritage areas,  particularly since some of my fellow Democratic colleagues have  introduced heritage area proposals. We are eager to bring those  proposals forward as well.   That said, this is a good bill, and I encourage my colleagues to  support its adoption. The communities of Lancaster and York Counties  have clearly demonstrated that their region deserves recognition as a  national heritage area. I would like to congratulate Representative  Smucker for his leadership on this proposal and Chairman Bishop for  guiding this bill to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, again, I encourage support for this bill,  and having no further speakers, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Lawson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, Representative Lawson's bill directs the Secretary of  the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the  suitability of establishing the birthplace of James Weldon Johnson,  located in Jacksonville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park  System.   James Weldon Johnson was born in Jacksonville to immigrant parents  from the Bahamas. He went on to become a respected lawyer, educator,  and writer.   President Theodore Roosevelt appointed James Weldon Johnson as U.S.  Consult to Venezuela and Nicaragua during the early 1900's.   I applaud my colleague Representative Lawson for introducing  legislation to honor the first African American executive secretary of  the NAACP.   I support passage of H.R. 5005.   Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman has no further speakers, I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5655 designates the Camp Nelson Heritage National  Monument in Kentucky to preserve the historic resources of Camp Nelson  and its role in the American Civil War.   Camp Nelson was founded and constructed by Major General Ambrose  Burnside. The camp served as a supply depot for the Union Army during  the Civil War and supported frontline efforts against the Confederacy.  Camp Nelson was different from other military outposts because it was  one of the largest recruitment and training centers for African  American soldiers during the Civil War. In fact, thousands of slaves  who fled to the camp with their families later enlisted to protect the  freedoms we enjoy today.   Mr. Speaker, I support passage of this legislation. Having no further  speakers, I yield back the balance of my time.   