 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I thank my  friend from Iowa for his continued efforts both on behalf of Mr.  Northey and working to find a commonsense solution to the issue that  has thus far delayed Northey's confirmation.   The phrase ``my friend'' is used often in this body. Sometimes it is  used in a hollow manner, but in this instance, Senator Grassley is my  friend. He and I have worked together closely on a great many matters,  especially on the Judiciary Committee, and I have every confidence that  we will continue to work together closely for many years to come.   On this issue, Mr. Northey could have been confirmed in November. He  could have been confirmed in January. He could have been confirmed this  month. But that has not happened yet. It is my hope that Mr. Northey  will be confirmed. It is my hope that he will be confirmed swiftly and  expeditiously, but the critical element for that to happen is for us to  find a solution to a problem that is threatening tens of thousands of  jobs across this country. That problem arises from what is known as the  Renewable Fuel Standard.   The Renewable Fuel Standard established through the EPA is a system  called RINs. Now, most people don't know what a RIN is. A RIN is a  renewable identification number. It was something made up by the EPA.  It didn't used to exist. They created RINs, and they sell RINs to  refineries. RINs are designed to be an enforcement mechanism for the  Renewable Fuel Standard, but there is a problem. When they were first  introduced, RINs sold for a penny or two pennies each. The EPA assured  everyone they would continue to sell for 1 cent or 2 cents each, but  since then, we have seen the market for RINs break. RINs have  skyrocketed in price to as high as $1.40 each. What does that mean?  What does it mean for this fiat, governmentally created, artificial  license to be selling at $1.40 a piece, which they hit at their high  point? Well, it means thousands upon thousands of blue-collar union  jobs are at risk.   This is not a hypothetical threat. Just last month, Philadelphia  Energy Solutions, owner of the largest refinery on the east coast,  announced that it was going into bankruptcy, and they pointed the  finger squarely at the broken RIN system. In their bankruptcy filing,  they explained that ``the effect of the RFS Program on the Debtors'  business is the primary driver behind the Debtors' decision to seek  relief under the Bankruptcy Code.''   That is not a surprising statement given what has happened in the  artificial and broken RINs market. In 2012, Philadelphia Energy  Solutions paid roughly $10 million for the RINs for the licenses they  needed to run their company. By 2017, the Wall Street Journal was  estimating that they would pay $300 million--that is $10 million to  $300 million.   Mr. President, $300 million is more than double their total payroll.  You have spent many years in business. Can you imagine running a  business where you spend more than double your payroll to write a  check--not to buy anything, not to pay anybody, not to buy any  supplies, but simply to purchase a government license, so to speak?  That is crushing, and it is destroying jobs.   With respect to Philadelphia Energy Solutions, now in bankruptcy, we  are talking about 1,100 jobs. These are blue-collar, working class  jobs, the kind that are the backbone of our economy, the kind that keep  refineries going.   Ryan O'Callaghan, who heads the Steelworkers local that represents  650 refinery workers, said that the RFS is ``a lead weight around the  company.'' He also said that a great many of the union members  supported President Trump in the 2016 election because of his promise  to reform harmful regulations. Indeed, the president of that union  demonstrated great courage in supporting President Trump because he  believed the President and the administration would stand for working- class voters, would stand for the working man, and would pull back  regulations that are killing jobs.   The American people will be rightfully angry if we don't fix this  problem because it is not just one refinery. Nationwide, experts have  estimated that anywhere from 75,000 to 150,000 American jobs are  potentially at risk if U.S. independent refineries go out of business-- 75,000 to 150,000 jobs.   My own State of Texas will be deeply affected if we don't take action  immediately. Texas's oil and gas sector employs 315,000 people, 100,000  of whom are in refining and petrochemical production. We have 29  refineries that produce over 5.1 million barrels daily, and 22 of these  29 refineries are hurt directly by the artificially high RINs prices.  That is why this past December, Texas Governor Greg Abbott wrote to the  EPA asking for relief from this Federal mandate. He explained that  ``current implementation of this dated federal mandate severely impacts  Texas' otherwise strong economy and jeopardizes the employment of  hundreds of thousands of Texans.'' Mr. President, let me underscore  that. It ``jeopardizes the employment of hundreds of thousands of  Texans.''   If you want to know why I am fighting so hard to reach a good  solution, you need look no further than that statement. I am elected,  like each of the Members of this body, to represent my constituents--in  this case, 28 million Texans--and seeing hundreds of thousands of blue- collar workers driven out of business because of a broken regulatory  system makes no sense.   Well, perhaps one might think this is simply an instance of parochial  differences, of the battles between one State and another or one  industry and another. Well, that is not the case because, on substance,  there is a win-win solution here. I want a win for blue-collar refinery  workers, and I want a win for Iowa corn farmers. I believe there is a  win for both. I believe there is a policy solution that will result in  Iowa corn farmers selling more corn and also more blue-collar jobs.  That should be a solution that makes everybody happy.   However, there is a third player in this equation which consists of  Wall Street speculators who are betting on this artificial, government- created market and driving up the prices.   The important thing to realize is that when I talk about Philadelphia  Energy Solutions paying $300 million, that $300 million did not go to  Iowa farmers. It didn't go to ethanol producers. It went to speculators  and large companies outside of Iowa. We can reach a solution that ends  the speculating, ends the gamesmanship in this artificial government  market, and saves jobs.   With respect to Mr. Northey, I will say that I don't know Mr. Northey  personally, but I have heard from a number of people who do. By all  accounts,  [[Page S689]]  Mr. Northey has a good and strong reputation in the State of Iowa. He  is a fourth-generation farmer. He has impressed many people with the  job he has done as the secretary of agricultural in the State of Iowa.  I made clear from the beginning that I would have been happy to have  seen Mr. Northey confirmed in November, in December, in January, in  February, and indeed I have laid out how to make that happen.   On November 14, 2017, I wrote a letter to Iowa Governor Kim Reynolds  laying out how Mr. Northey could be confirmed, which is namely to have  the stakeholders sit down collaboratively together and solve this  problem in a win-win solution that helps Iowa corn farmers and also  doesn't bankrupt refineries and drive blue-collar workers out of  business.   Indeed, in December, I met with both of the Senators from Iowa, along  with Senator Toomey, to discuss exactly how we could move forward with  Mr. Northey's confirmation promptly, efficiently, and also solve this  problem. At that time, it was suggested that we bring the stakeholders  together, that we actually have the players in the ethanol industry  actually talk with the refiners and find a solution that results in  more corn being sold and refiners not going out of business. We left  that meeting on December 21 with a plan to have that meeting of  stakeholders. Well, I am sorry to tell you that 48 days have passed,  and that meeting still hasn't taken place because unfortunately a  handful of lobbyists representing the ethanol industry have taken the  position that they are unwilling to meet, they are unwilling to speak,  they are unwilling to discuss anything with anybody, and apparently, if  thousands of people lose their jobs in refineries, that is not their  problem. Quite frankly, that is not a reasonable position. That is not  a reasonable or rational position.   Mr. Northey would have been confirmed long ago had the lobbyists for  the ethanol industry been willing to come to the table and reach a  commonsense solution that would have resulted in more money for their  industry, more ethanol, more corn. But their position is that they are  not interested in a win, because their position has been that they are  not willing to talk. Well, I think that is unfortunate, but it is also  unacceptable.   So indeed I continue to have productive conversations with the  President, with the EPA, with the Department of Agriculture, with the  administration about finding a win-win solution, a solution that is  good for everyone. And if a handful of lobbyists refuse to come to the  table, then they should not be surprised to see the solution proceed  without them.   We can find a good, positive solution that benefits the farmers of  Iowa, that sells more corn. In 2015 and 2016, I spent a lot of time in  the great State of Iowa. Indeed, I had the great privilege and blessing  of completing what is affectionately known in that State as the Full  Grassley. Now, what is the Full Grassley? There are 99 counties in that  beautiful State, and every year, the senior Senator goes to all 99.  Now, I can tell you that the Full Grassley is a Herculean  accomplishment, rendered all the more remarkable by the fact that the  senior Senator does it not once but every year. Well, on election day,  I completed the Full Grassley, having visited every county in the State  of Iowa. I visited with many wonderful people, including many wonderful  corn farmers whom I want to see selling more and more corn. We can have  a solution that is a win for those corn farmers but also doesn't  bankrupt refineries and drive a bunch of blue-collar workers out of  work.   It is important to understand, by the way, that these high RINs  prices don't benefit corn farmers at all. In fact, if you look at RINs  prices, they are not remotely correlated to the price of corn; if  anything, they are inversely correlated. What does that mean? It means  that when RINs were selling for 1 cent and 2 cents each, corn was way  up here, and when RINs skyrocketed to $1.40 each, the price of corn  plummeted. So not only is this not benefiting Iowa corn farmers, you  could argue that it may even be hurting them.   The money that is bankrupting refineries and costing people their  jobs is not going to the farmers. So my hope is that we reach a  solution that lifts regulatory barriers at the EPA so that the Iowa  corn farmers can sell more corn in the market in response to real  demand, not a government mandate, but there are EPA barriers that stand  in the way that cap the sales of ethanol. I see no reason to  artificially cap it. If there is demand in the marketplace, they should  be able to sell more and more and more corn, expand their market. But  they are not benefiting from crushing regulatory costs that are driving  people out of business. We can reach a solution to do both.   With respect to Mr. Northey, if and when we see the players come  together in a positive way to solve this problem, I will more than  readily lift my objection, and I hope Mr. Northey is confirmed and  confirmed quickly.   I look forward to working with Mr. Northey in the Department of  Agriculture, but first, we need to stop this regulatory failure that is  threatening thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, of jobs.   Therefore, looking to find a cooperative win-win solution for  everyone, I object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.    Yes.    Yes.    Yes.    Mr. President, a few observations about the colloquy that  has occurred.   No. 1, we had two friends of ours from the Democratic side of the  aisle who spoke energetically in support of this nomination, but I  found it striking that our Democratic friends had nothing to say to the  union members who are faced with the risk of losing their jobs. Senate  Democrats often portray themselves as friends of organized labor,  friends of union members. Yet it was striking that when they came to  the floor, they had no answer to union members in Philadelphia being  told they are at risk of being unemployed because of a broken  regulatory system. Instead, it is a conservative Republican Texan who  is fighting for the jobs of those union members.   I would also note that my efforts in this are not alone. Indeed, in  December, I brought 12 Senators--12 Members of this body--to the White  House to meet with the President, working to find a solution to this  problem. Those Senators included Senator Cornyn, Senator Cassidy,  Senator Kennedy, Senator Enzi, Senator Barrasso, Senator Lee, Senator  Toomey, Senator Inhofe, and Senator Lankford. Those are Senators from a  wide geographic array, all facing significant job losses, potentially,  and all interested in a positive solution to this problem.   In the remarks we just heard on the Senate floor, none of the  Senators proposed any relief to the potentially hundreds of thousands  of blue-collar workers being driven out of work by a broken regulatory  system--no relief whatsoever. Indeed, none of the Senators disputed the  fact that the RFS worked and worked just fine when RINs were selling  for a penny.   This debate is not about the RFS--should we continue it or not. When  I was a candidate for President, I campaigned on ending it. I didn't  win. I lost that election. This is not a fight about ending the RFS.  The current administration is committed to continuing the RFS. That is  the prerogative of this administration. This is instead a search for a  solution that would save tens of thousands, if not hundreds of  thousands of jobs.   The senior Senator from Iowa said: Gosh, it is not a free-market  solution to cap the price of RINs. Well, if RINs were an actual  commodity that existed in the real world, I would agree with that. I  wouldn't support capping the price of corn or the price of gasoline or  the price of widgets or anything else that people were making. But RINs  are an artificial, made-up government fix. They don't exist. No one  manufactures a RIN. It is a government ID number. And it worked  initially when they were trading at 1 and 2 cents apiece. But when it  skyrocketed, going all the way up to $1.40 each--it is now threatening  thousands upon thousands of blue-collar jobs.   The Senator from Iowa suggested that RINs are not the cause of the  bankruptcy of the Philadelphia Energy Solutions refinery. Well, I would  note that the explicit text of the bankruptcy filing is to the  contrary. Indeed, this is a quote from their bankruptcy filing: ``The  effect of the RFS Program on the Debtor's business is the primary  driver behind the Debtor's decision to seek relief under the Bankruptcy  Code.'' It does not say ``is a factor'' or ``is a problem'' but ``is  the primary driver.'' That is what they wrote in their bankruptcy  papers.   None of the Senators who spoke disputed that for that refinery, the  price of RINs went from $10 million in 2012 to $300 million in 2017.  That is unreasonable. That is broken.   The junior Senator from Iowa talked about the need to pull back job- killing regulations. Well, there is a job-killing regulation that we  need to pull back.   This is a very important thing for those following this debate to  understand: That $300 million--do you know how much of it goes to Iowa  farmers? Zero. They are not getting that money. Instead, it is going to  speculators and large--many foreign--integrated oil companies. It is an  odd thing to see lobbyists for ethanol companies fighting for the  profits of giant overseas oil companies. That doesn't make any sense.   Unfortunately, the position of the ethanol lobbyists has been: We are  unwilling to speak. We are unwilling to talk. We are unwilling to meet  with anyone on the refinery side. We are unwilling to defend our  position. We will not attend the meeting.   We have repeatedly extended that invitation to them, and they have  said no. That is blatantly unreasonable. Do you know whom the ethanol  lobbyists are serving the least? Corn farmers. Repeatedly in the course  of this negotiation, I have sought to put on the table policy options  that would be a win for corn farmers, that would result in more corn  being sold, more Iowa corn being sold, more ethanol being sold. The  ethanol lobbyists are so unreasonable, they don't want to win and they  don't want to provide any relief for thousands of blue-collar workers  being thrown out of work. That is not a reasonable solution.   I hope Mr. Northey will be confirmed. Indeed, I hope he is confirmed  soon. He could be confirmed as soon as next week. In November, I laid  out a very clear path to Mr. Northey being confirmed. In December, I  laid out a very clear path to Mr. Northey being confirmed. The people  blocking Mr. Northey's confirmation are the ethanol lobbyists who have  said: We are unwilling to have a win/win solution. The answer is, let  thousands of people lose their jobs even though doing so doesn't  benefit Iowa corn farmers at all. That doesn't make any sense.   Here is a ray of sunshine, a ray of hope. I believe the  administration is going to do the right thing. I believe the President  wants to see a win/win solution--a solution that is good for Iowa corn  farmers. I want to see Iowa corn farmers sell more corn, a solution  that results in Mr. Northey being confirmed, and a solution that  doesn't bankrupt refineries and cost a bunch of blue-collar union  members their jobs. That is a win for everybody. I believe that is  where the President and the administration want to go, and I think that  is where we will end up. I am hopeful we will arrive on that solution,  which is consistent with the responsibilities of all of us.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Iowa.   