 Mr. President, let me join my friend and colleague  Senator Kaine. We and some of the folks who are in the Gallery today  were not sure if this day would ever come. Even in the U.S. Congress  and the U.S. Senate, occasionally we get things right. And, boy oh boy,  this is a day where we get things right on a civil rights basis, on a  moral basis, and on a fairness basis.   To our friends who are representatives of some of the six Tribes who  are finally going to be granted Federal recognition, we thank you for  your patience, your perseverance, and your willingness to work with us  and others.   This has become an issue over the last 20-plus years. Democrats and  Republicans alike in Virginia have acknowledged the fact that these six  Tribes, whose history predates any European settlement in this country,  whose history goes back, as Senator Kaine mentioned, where they were  recognized by the United Kingdom and recognized by the British  Government when they controlled our country--but through a series of  circumstances, in many cases abetted by a backwards-looking government  earlier in the 20th  [[Page S153]]  century in Virginia that discriminated against these Native Americans  in ways that were outrageous, where in many ways records that told of  their proud history in our Commonwealth were destroyed after the Civil  War in fires and courthouses--these Tribes have persevered.   Today, finally, they are going to be granted Federal recognition and  the respect that goes with that Federal recognition, and they will be  granted certain additional opportunities in terms of special education,  housing grants, affordable healthcare services, and most importantly,  the ability to recover important artifacts in their history.   As has been mentioned, this bill has already passed the House. Rob  Wittman, a Republican Member, has been a champion.   Senator Kaine and I, both as Governors--in that role of Governor, one  of the things that happen every day--every Thanksgiving day, these  Tribes come in and, in effect, pay their taxes to the Commonwealth of  Virginia. While Virginia has recognized these Tribes for some time,  every year when we would have this ceremony--one of the most moving  ceremonies that I know I have participated in as Governor, and I think  Senator Kaine and Senator Allen, who was also a champion on this issue  before us--these Tribes would come in and say: When will the U.S.  Government recognize our existence, our history, and our legacy? Well,  that wait is finally over.   In a moment, I am going to be asking for unanimous consent, and the  long, long wait will come to an end.   As in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Indian  Affairs Committee be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 984  and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    I know of no further debate on the measure.    I further ask unanimous consent that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.   