 Madam President, I realized a long time ago something  unique and unfortunate about the way Congress can work. It seems  sometimes that in Washington, and only in Washington, the more people  agree on something, the less likely it is to get done. In the real  world, back in Colorado and in Alaska, where the Presiding Officer is  from, the more people agree on something, the more likely it is to get  done and the more likely you will see progress on an important issue to  the people of Colorado and to the people of Alaska. But here in  Washington, the more you agree, the more people seem to want to push  back to fight and to divide.   So here we are approaching the zero hour of a government shutdown,  and I hear from my colleagues on the other side of the aisle--where is  the good faith, they say. It has been 111 days, and these programs  haven't been permanently reauthorized? Where is the good faith, they  say. They say that we just make it worse by passing a 4-week continuing  resolution. Where is the good faith?   Let me just talk a little bit about where we are right now. I have  been a part of a bipartisan working group--very proud of the work we  are doing--trying to find a solution on a very important issue dealing  with many thousands of children around our country and around our  State. In Colorado, this issue of DACA, of Dreamers, is incredibly  important, not just to part of the State, not just to Denver or the  Front Range. Two kids of mine go to school with people who were brought  here at a very young age through no fault of their own, and we all  agree there needs to be a solution for those kids.   We agree we should address the opiate crisis that is gripping this  Nation, that is tearing families apart, and that is resulting in the  deaths of far too many people. When you have a crisis that is resulting  in the age and life expectancy of Americans declining, like the opiate  crisis has, we should address that.   We have men and women in uniform around the country defending this  Nation. There are hundreds of thousands in Korea facing down a threat  from North Korea. An article in the Wall Street Journal today talked  about the special operators who are now in the Philippines directly  intervening in the War on Terror in the Philippines, fighting radical  Islamic terrorists. Of course we all know about the work that is taking  place in the Middle East, the conflict in Syria, the conflict in Iraq,  the conflict in Afghanistan, and the progress we have made fighting  back on ISIS, fighting back on terrorists, the fact that we have shrunk  the ground they have taken. It is one of the great victories people  haven't really talked about yet because they would rather talk about  divisive issues. And to think that we are hours away from a government  shutdown, and somehow people think it is going to make it better. They  are going to shut down the government, and somehow that makes it better  for the military.   They are willing to shut down the government because they object to a  4-week CR so they can get a 5-day CR or a 3-day continuing resolution.  Only in Washington can a bad solution be fixed by a worse solution, but  that is exactly what people want to do.   It seems to me that this place ought to get to work, and it doesn't  get to work by shutting things down, by going to your partisan corners,  picking up your sticks, and going home. Yet that is what some in this  body would like to do.   We have a continuing resolution that represents policies that people  support. There is not a thing in there that people disagree with that  they would vote against--at least that is what we have been told.   In fact, let's look at the CHIP reauthorization. I heard my colleague  from  [[Page S331]]  Montana say that this is a garbage bill. A garbage bill that  reauthorizes CHIP for 6 years? A garbage bill that will provide  healthcare for 8.9 million women and children on SCHIP coverage? This  is a garbage bill that provides the longest extension of women and  children's healthcare since it was created?   I hear from my colleagues on the other side of the aisle: Well, they  didn't talk about it. They didn't care.   I have been a cosponsor of that bill for months because I believe it  is important. It is important to the people of my State.   The fact is, people across this country are tired of the finger- pointing, they are tired of the blame game, and they are tired of the  shutdown politics that we are just hours away from seeing played out  because people would take this country, this government hostage to the  politics of their choice.   I am old enough to remember back in 2013 when President Obama thought  a government shutdown was a bad idea, when the Democratic leader  believed that a government shutdown could result in governmental chaos,  when you shut the government down over the politics of your choice. Yet  here we are hours away from people wishing to do just that.   We can find solutions to our Nation's biggest challenges. I am part  of a bipartisan working group to work on these solutions, but it makes  it more difficult, not less difficult, to find solutions when people  shut down the government, and not only that--collateral damage occurs  as a result.   There is collateral damage on the men and women across this country  who are hurt because of what this government cannot do to help them. We  are in one of the most severe flu seasons this country has seen. The  CDC has a lot of work to do. If you shut down the government, the CDC  can no longer get information from the States about where that flu  epidemic is heading, and that makes a difference on where they send  vaccines. If you don't vote for this bill to keep the government open,  8.9 million women and children could be affected because of the risk it  puts to SCHIP.   Let me talk about a story from my hometown. There are five military  bases in the city of Colorado Springs. Here is the headline from a  local newspaper: ``Potential shutdown would hit hardest at Colorado  Springs military bases.'' There are men and women at Fort Carson, CO,  and across Colorado Springs, overseas, deployed on our War on Terror,  protecting us at home so we can come to work each and every day so we  can have debates on the Senate floor. Some 6,000 civilians are going to  be furloughed if this government shutdown occurs. These are civilians  who support the War on Terror, who support our men and women in uniform  around the globe. Yet, somehow, shutting down the government and  furloughing 6,000 civilians is deemed to be better than a 4-week CR?  Only in Washington can people claim that a bad bill should be replaced  by a worse bill. Only in Washington can people decide that bad policy  shouldn't be preferred over something that is worse, and that is  exactly what the argument seems to be. They don't like it, so make it  worse. That is not fair to the American people. It is not fair that  collateral damage hurts men, women, and children across this country  when we can do the right thing and we can bring a solution to our  immigration crisis, we can bring a solution to the challenge our  military faces, and we can bring a solution to the opiate crisis.   Let me tell you about a business in Fort Collins called Indivior.  They have made a breakthrough in the way that treatment is delivered  for people who are addicted to opiates. It is a liquid medication, and  when it is injected, it solidifies. It is time-released over a month,  so it doesn't rely on day-to-day injections. It doesn't rely on a  person faithfully taking their medication because if they have a  relapse, it can disrupt their medication and what they are doing in  their treatment. This takes away that concern and gives them that  treatment for a month. That was approved through an FDA emergency  expedited review process, but there is legislation that this body needs  to pass in order to make sure it is available in a way that will help  the American people. Shut down the government, and we can't get that  done.   Committees can't meet and the work can't proceed. But I guess that is  the solution that people want. I guess shutting down the government  seems to be the cure-all for them. Take a hostage, push it off, and  somehow that makes it better.   The American people just want us to find an answer. They want us to  have good-faith solutions to our problems, and men and women of good  faith in this body and the House of Representatives are trying each and  every day to do that. But don't prove to the American people their  worse suspicions that Washington doesn't care. Pass the continuing  resolution. Continue negotiations. We have time to talk. We have time  to communicate. We have time to work. Stop the temper tantrums. The  American people deserve better.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wyoming.   