 HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to be here to  stand in belief and on behalf of the greatest book of the history of  the world, the Bible.   There is absolutely no book ever that has had a greater impact on my  life and continues to have the greatest impact on my life. Every day  here in Congress, I begin with time in God's Word, every day before  coming to this Chamber and other meetings and responsibilities.   As a pastor for 25-plus years, it has been the greatest honor of my  life to teach God's Word week in and week out, to proclaim the  principles of spiritual liberty and freedom that comes from a personal  relationship with Jesus Christ and the fact that he died for us and  rose again. The good news, as it is referred to in the Scripture, is  the greatest news the world has ever had.   The Bible has also had an amazing impact in our country. Right here  in this Chamber, as has been referenced already this evening from some  of my other colleagues, Robert Aitken came here from Scotland. He  migrated here to Philadelphia and started a newspaper. He later became  the publishing company that recorded the Journals of both the House and  the Senate. Then he requested that this Chamber publish the Bible in  English, which this Chamber voted to do in September of 1782.   This Chamber encouraged the citizens of this country to read the  Bible. It became the Bible of the American Revolution.   I believe today that this Chamber, this country, would be well  served, better served, if we would take the teachings of Scripture.  Things like not to view ourselves and esteem ourselves more highly as  we ought, but to esteem others as more important than ourselves;  Scriptures like the Golden Rule, to treat others the way we want to be  treated; to not be overcome with evil but to overcome evil with good,  all these are found in the Word of God.   These issues that we face today cannot be answered from the wisdom of  these Halls, but they can be found only as we submit ourselves, once  again, to the truths of God's Word.   Again, Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for giving this opportunity  and leading this Special Order.   