 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I believe every campaign for elective  office in this great Nation is essentially a months-long job interview  with the voters or, perhaps more accurately, it is thousands and  thousands of individual interviews. Like any employer, the voters have  expectations for us once we have been hired to do this job.   I will never forget I work for the people of Michigan, and I feel  very fortunate to have earned the opportunity to serve them. When I ran  for the U.S. Senate, I told Michiganders I would be a pragmatic  problem-solver and stand by that promise each and every day. We were  all sent here to be problem-solvers, especially the hard problems.  Making the effort to participate in our democracy is fundamentally  optimistic. Voters want us to make their lives and our Nation better.  Every Senator elected to this body carries the hopes, the dreams, and  the expectations of the people who live in their State.   While we should never lose sight of our Nation's hopes and dreams,  today I wish to focus on expectations. Americans expect us to work  together. They expect us to talk to each other. They expect us to  negotiate and find common ground where we disagree. They expect us to  help our fellow Americans after disasters. They expect us to respond to  crises like the opioid epidemic and dangerously underfunded pensions  that jeopardize their retirement security. They expect us to keep our  borders secure and enact reasonable human immigration policies that  keep our Nation competitive and boost economic growth, and they expect  us to responsibly fund the Federal Government.   None of us should be proud of the recent government shutdown. There  is no such thing as a good government shutdown. I am nevertheless  hopeful that lessons can be learned from last weekend and a better path  forward can be found. I think the coming weeks and months are of vital  importance to the future of the U.S. Senate as a meaningful, functional  institution.   Let's be honest with ourselves and with the American people. In the  last few years, we have not been functional. We have blown deadline  after deadline. It took us almost 4 months past the funding deadline to  tackle the easiest problem: reauthorizing the Children's Health  Insurance Program, a program that provides healthcare to millions of  Americans children, while saving taxpayers money.   As I stand here, healthcare for over 600,000 Michiganders--including  over 12,000 Michigan veterans--remains at risk because we have blown  through deadline after deadline to fund community health centers, a  program that provides cost-effective care to millions of Americans in  both rural and urban areas across our country.   How is it that a nation that put the first man on the Moon still  can't put lights on for our own American citizens in Puerto Rico? We  need to help families clean out their flooded homes in the gulf,  support communities that have faced out-of-control wildfires and  mudslides during the devastating 2017 disaster season, and ensure  affordable flood insurance is available to every homeowner who needs  it.   Americans stand by each other in the face of tragedy. This is why  Senator Stabenow and I fought for a year to deliver Federal resources  to Flint and continue working to make sure families are receiving the  care they need and get their damaged pipes repaired. In addition to  addressing all of these urgent issues, we need to keep the lights on in  the Federal Government, where funding is set to expire again in just 2  weeks.   While the government was shut down this past weekend, I worked with a  bipartisan group of Senators pulled together by my colleagues Senator  Collins and Senator Manchin. This group is called the Common Sense  Coalition, and we worked through the weekend to find a bipartisan  compromise to open the Federal Government and find a path forward to  tackle the complex, pressing issues before us in Congress.   While the lights are back on, the real work is just beginning. In the  coming weeks, we need to find a legislative solution to provide  certainty to the Dreamers--young men and women brought to the United  States as small children. They grew up as Americans, went to school  here, served in our military, only speak English, and are every bit as  American as you and I. They graduate from our colleges and universities  and provide critical talent to a growing American economy. They start  their own small businesses and create jobs in our communities. They are  young adults who voluntarily came out of the shadows to participate in  the DACA Program and are fearful they will be ripped from their home  and be deported to a country they have never visited, a country where  they don't even speak the language and will find themselves a stranger  in a foreign land, which is an absolutely terrifying situation.   Without question, we must also pass a disaster relief package to help  communities devastated by the hurricanes, floods, and wildfires. We  must also reauthorize the Community Health Center Program that provides  essential healthcare to Americans and over 600,000 Michiganders.   We must do more to fight the far-reaching opioid epidemic that is  hurting and killing far too many of our friends, family, and neighbors.  The opioid epidemic is a public health crisis that touches everyone in  every State and every county.   We need to deliver certainty to the hard-working Americans who spent  [[Page S515]]  decades earning their pensions and now see them at risk as they prepare  to enter retirement, and we must follow through on our most basic of  duties. We need a bipartisan deal to fund the government that takes  care of the men and women who serve our country in the armed services,  keeps us safe, and properly funds both our military and domestic  programs.   This will not be easy, but solving easy problems is not why we were  sent to the Senate. I ran for the U.S. Senate to solve the tough  problems facing our country, and I know my colleagues in the Common  Sense Coalition ran to solve tough problems as well. We need the entire  Senate and the House to start acting like one, big Common Sense  Coalition. No organization or business can run their budget in 2- or 3- week increments.   The Defense Department and all of our domestic agencies need  certainty for budget planning just like any household or business does.  We cannot let the American people down any longer by kicking the can  down the road with another series of short-term budget patches. The  coming weeks will be difficult, but we need to rise to the occasion and  deliver on all of these responsibilities. Now is the time for us to  step up our game. The American people expect and deserve nothing less.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   