 I thank the Presiding Officer for recognizing me.   Mr. President, I know the Presiding Officer hasn't been here the  whole time, but many Senators have been speaking about climate change.  We see in the Presiding Officer's State, in Glacier National Park-- which I think kind of tells it all--a national park created around  glaciers, and they are disappearing rapidly.   I come to the floor, first of all, to thank Sheldon Whitehouse for  his remarkable leadership on the issue of climate change. His weekly  wake-up call speeches have inspired a lot of us. Articles have covered  his effort on this. This one is titled, ``A Climate `Wake Up' for the  200th Time.'' He has been down here religiously taking on this issue.   In this article, a major leader in the environmental movement said  about Sheldon's speeches, ``[His] speeches have been critically  important in drawing attention to the need for climate action.'' She  also said, ``Demand for climate action is only growing, and certainly  we give him credit for his leadership in that effort.'' Very true.   I remember traveling with Sheldon Whitehouse to Paris, when all of us  were very much enthused to see the world come together and sign the  Paris climate agreement. We were all very excited. This effort had been  going on for 40 years, and here the countries in the world were finally  getting together. I watched Sheldon making those arguments over there.  He argued his case persuasively, and he wins converts easily. So we all  are here to thank him for his leadership.   In particular, I would also like to talk about climate change, its  impact on the Southwest, and where we are headed in my home State of  New Mexico and the Greater Southwest. Climate change is here and now. I  want to talk about that impact in the Southwest, which is severe. My  home State of New Mexico is right in the bull's-eye.   Our Nation and our Earth cannot afford for us to sit back and do  nothing for the next 3 years, but this is precisely what is happening  under this administration and this Congress. Our executive and  legislative branches are not only sitting on their hands in the face of  climate change disruption and devastation; they are aggressively  halting all progress we are making.   I was so discouraged when I saw the Administrator of the  Environmental Protection Agency take down a climate change website that  had gone from a Republican administration to a Democratic  administration. I think it had been going on for almost 10 years. This  was covered in the Washington Post. Administrator Pruitt, on taking  office, took it down and said: We are going to update it. Here we are,  more than a year, and if you try to look at that website, it just says:  We are in the process of updating it. I don't think we are ever going  to see it again, would be my guess.   Let's look at some of the reasons and how the progress is being  halted here. There are a number of reasons for this, but I think the  biggest and most insidious is money--billions of dollars in campaign  contributions.   The President and congressional majority are delaying, suspending,  and stopping policies and programs that combat climate change because  of the dark money in politics. Oil and gas, coal, power companies, and  other special interests feed their campaign and PAC coffers while the  clear public interest is ignored. We must reform our campaign finance  system or our climate and the American people will pay a greater and  greater price.   Sheldon Whitehouse has made a contribution there with his book,  ``Captured,'' where he talks about this dark money indepth. That is  another piece of scholarship that really adds to what is happening on  this campaign finance front.   While the President, his EPA Administrator, and his Interior  Secretary are openly hostile to climate change science, career  government scientists and professionals are still hard at work doing  their jobs evaluating climate impacts.   Last November, the U.S. Global Change Research Program, consisting of  13 Federal agencies, issued volume I of the ``Fourth National Climate  Assessment.'' It is the most authoritative Federal Government resource  on climate change.    It concludes, ``This period is now the warmest in the history of  modern civilization'' with ``record-breaking, climate-related weather  extremes,'' and human activities--especially greenhouse gas emissions-- are the ``extremely likely'' ``dominant cause.'' A pretty strong  statement from the scientists.  [[Page S1678]]    With climate change, the Southwest is expected to get hotter and much  drier, especially in the southern half of the region. In the last 18  years, New Mexico has seen one reprieve from drought, and the trend is  unmistakable. We are seeing less snowpack, earlier melting, and less  runoff. Even when we do get snow, new research shows we are getting  less runoff from it. Our scarce water resources are even more strained.   Here is a drought map of New Mexico from just last week, March 6.  Virtually the entire State faces drier conditions. We can see it here,  talking about the northern part of the State with extreme drought, most  of the middle and northern part of the State in severe drought, and  then the southern part of the State in moderate drought. Virtually, the  entire State of New Mexico is in a very serious drought situation.   Some experts are saying we need to stop thinking about this  phenomenon as a drought but instead as a dry region becoming  permanently drier. This is a direct threat to our way of life in New  Mexico and the Southwest.   Elephant Butte Reservoir is our biggest reservoir in New Mexico. It  was built close to 100 years ago for flood control and irrigation. Its  supply comes from the Rio Grande, our largest river in New Mexico and,  as we know, a 1,900-mile river that flows through several States. It is  a border for close to 1,000 miles or more, and it flows into the Gulf  of Mexico, but for the decade ending 2010, on the Rio Grande, flows in  the Rio Grande decreased 23 percent--almost one-quarter--from the 20th  century average.   Here are photos of Elephant Butte Reservoir from 1994 and 2013. These  photos were taken from a satellite. This top photo is from 1994, and we  can see a remarkable reservoir and how deep and extended that reservoir  is. Now we jump forward about 20 years, and here is Elephant Butte  Reservoir in 2013. The picture says a thousand words: The reservoir is  rapidly, rapidly disappearing. We can see the dramatic decrease in  supply over that short time. Our farmers and ranchers depend on this  supply, and they are struggling. This year, the snowpack in the Upper  Rio Grande is half of what it should be, and that will force the  reservoir even lower.   Across the Southwest, the average annual temperature has increased  about 1.5 degrees Fahrenheit. The last decade, from 2001 to 2010, was  the warmest in over a century. Now, New Mexico is really feeling the  heat. We are the sixth fastest warming State in the Nation. Since 1970,  our average annual temperature increased about 0.6 degrees per decade-- or about 2.7 degrees over 45 years--and it is not over. Average annual  temperatures are projected to rise 3.5 to 8.5 degrees by 2100.   Difficult-to-control wildfires have multiplied because of dry  conditions killing trees and other vegetation, threatening lives,  destroying homes, and costing billions of dollars. New Mexico  experienced its largest wildfire in 2012--the Whitewater-Baldy Complex  fire--that burned almost 290,000 acres. The fire burned in the  southwestern part of the State but caused air pollution hundreds of  miles away in Las Cruces to the east and Santa Fe to the northeast.   Agriculture is a mainstay for the Southwest's economy. We produce  more than half of the Nation's high-value specialty crops, and crop  development is threatened by warming and extreme weather events.   Likewise, another key economic sector--tourism and recreation--is  threatened by reduced streamflow and a shorter snow season. Ski Santa  Fe used to always open Thanksgiving weekend. That hardly ever happens  anymore. Reduced snow and higher temperatures have been an economic  disaster for the slopes all over New Mexico.   The Southwest's 182 federally recognized Tribes are particularly  vulnerable to climate changes such as high temperatures, drought, and  severe storms. Tribes may lose traditional foods, medicines, and water  supplies.   Similarly, our border communities are in greater jeopardy because  they don't have the financial resources to protect against climate  change impacts. They are vulnerable to health and safety risks like air  pollution, erosion, and flooding.   The President and his administration have taken aim at Federal  programs that would address all these impacts to my State and the  Southwest. The President unilaterally withdrew from the Paris  Agreement. EPA put the Clean Power Plan on hold. Secretary Zinke has  done all he can to halt BLM's methane waste prevention rule. Public  lands are open for coal and oil and gas drilling. The President's  budget slashed climate science funding. The list goes on and on. This  is not what the American people want. They believe science, they  understand that human activity is causing climate change, and they want  robust policies in response.   Climate change presents the greatest threat our Nation and world now  confront. It is the moral test of our age. We will be judged by future  generations by how we respond now. We owe it to our children, our  grandchildren, and beyond to meet this challenge head-on. I call upon  my colleagues across the aisle to listen to the science and the  American people and to work with us to take action.    Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I believe Senator Whitehouse's colleague, the senior Senator from  Rhode Island, is here to speak next.   