 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 4712, the so- called Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act.   Despite what its supporters would have us believe, this legislation  would do nothing to enhance protections or enhance the quality of care  if an infant is born after an attempted abortion. What it would do,  however, is directly interfere with the doctor's medical judgment and  dictate a medical standard of care that may not be appropriate in all  circumstances, which could, in fact, put infants' lives at greater  risk.   Let me say at the outset of this debate very clearly, it has always  been the law that healthcare providers cannot deliberately harm newborn  infants and that they must exercise reasonable care in their treatment  of such infants. The bill's implications that providers who provide  abortions routinely act in a callous or criminal manner that would  result in an infant's death or that a provider who performs an abortion  somehow cannot be trusted to take adequate measures to save a living  baby's life is insulting and untrue.   In opposing this bill. I do not oppose in any way proper medical  treatment for newborn infants, whatever the circumstances of their  birth, but determining the proper treatment is for medical  professionals to decide, not politicians in Congress.   When I supported the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act in 2002, my  reasoning and the reasoning of my pro-choice colleagues was simple:  Killing an infant who is born alive either by an act of omission or  commission is infanticide. It was, is, and always should be against the  law, and we saw no harm in reaffirming that fact.   That law passed Congress with bipartisan support precisely because it  was harmless, even if it was also useless, since it did not change the  preexisting law in any way. The bill specifically just reiterated  existing law in florid language and did nothing to interfere with a  doctor's medical judgment or to cause needless harm.   Unfortunately, the bill before us today puts children's lives and  health at risk. It requires doctors to immediately ensure  transportation and admission of the infant to a hospital in all cases,  with no regard as to whether doing so is in the best interest of the  child's health and well-being.   This mandate effectively overrides the case-by-case exercise of  professional medical judgment by healthcare providers and replaces it  with a blanket rule enforceable with criminal penalties. Such a ham- fisted approach fails to consider the fact that, in many cases, it may  be safer and more conducive for the infant's health to care for the  infant where it was born rather than transporting it many miles away.  But this bill assumes that Congress knows better, and it imposes a new  obligation on providers that, rather than saving lives, could put  infants at risk.    I am sure that such a result is not what the bill's supporters  intend, but all too often, this is what happens when Members of  Congress try to dictate a physician's exercise of professional medical  judgment.   Perhaps if this bill had gone through regular order, we could have  avoided this unfortunate situation, but there has never been a  committee markup or a hearing on this bill. I would have welcomed the  opportunity to hear from expert witnesses on best practices and  standards of care for infants. Members could have offered amendments  and perfected the bill to ensure that it achieves our common goal of  providing the best, most medically appropriate care to infants and  their mothers.   I am disappointed but not surprised that my colleagues rushed this  bill to the floor when there is no evidence at all that doctors  currently are failing to provide an appropriate level of care and a  chorus of provider groups oppose the bill.   This is clearly an effort to have this vote coincide with the  presence of many anti-choice demonstrators in Washington. Sadly, rather  than protecting infants, my Republican colleagues are putting them at  greater risk in the service of politics.   I cannot support H.R. 4712 because it mandates a particular course of  treatment: immediate transport to a hospital, which may not be  appropriate in  [[Page H562]]  every case and may be medically dangerous in certain cases. It abandons  the practice of considering the best medical interest of infants and  their mothers.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this ill-conceived  legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Washington (Ms. Jayapal).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Bera).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from California.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Cohen), the ranking Democrat on the  Constitution and Civil Justice Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), who is a member of the  Judiciary Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30  seconds.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  distinguished gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. Bonamici).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Judy Chu), a former member of the  Judiciary Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lee).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from California.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  New York (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from New York.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. McEachin).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Virginia.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Ms. Frankel).    Madam Speaker, may I inquire if the other side is ready  to close?    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I end this debate by reiterating the point I made at  the beginning. This legislation would do nothing to enhance protections  or the quality of healthcare if an infant is born after an attempted  abortion.   The 2002 law reaffirmed that it has always been, and is now, against  the law to intentionally kill or harm a newborn infant whatever the  circumstances of its birth.   The other side has referred several times to the case of Dr. Gosnell.  Dr. Gosnell is now in jail under a sentence of life imprisonment  without parole, plus 30 years, convicted of first-degree murder without  this bill, because it is already against the law not to give proper  care or, God forbid, to murder a baby born alive.   The law already requires the highest standard of care for all  newborns. This bill does nothing new to protect infants in any respect.   The bill, however, is not harmless. Rather, by demanding the  immediate transportation of the newborn to a hospital, regardless of  the medical or other circumstances, it would place the lives and health  of some newborn infants at risk.   The bill directly interferes with a doctor's medical judgment and  dictates a particular course of action that may be harmful to the  newborn in the particular circumstances. That is why a coalition of 13  healthcare provider groups, joined by a coalition of 25 additional  health, civil rights, and women's rights groups, strongly opposes this  bill. As the providers note, the bill wrongly ``injects politicians  into the patient-physician relationship, disregarding providers'  training and clinical judgment and undermining their ability to  determine the best course of action with their patients.''   Let me add one other thing. This bill does not interfere, in any way,  with the rights secured by the Supreme Court decision in Roe v. Wade.  That decision guarantees the right of a woman to choose an abortion if  she wishes.   It does not, nor does any other law or any other provision, negate  the command of the law that everyone respects that any newborn child,  whatever the circumstances of its birth, must be cared for in the best  possible medical way, and, of course, deliberately killing it would be  first-degree murder.   This bill does not change this, but this bill does do harm by  presenting risk to certain newborns by demanding their immediate  transport to the hospital when it may be harmful to their health to do  so.   We should listen to the healthcare professionals, we should respect  their judgment, and the House must reject this seriously flawed bill.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   