 Madam President, I would like to address the nomination of  Director Pompeo to be the next Secretary of State. I intend to vote  against this nomination, and I would like to explain how I reached this  conclusion.   This was a difficult decision. I supported Director Pompeo's  nomination to be Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. Director  Pompeo is a talented individual who has spent his life in public  service, but the job of Secretary of State requires different skill  sets and experiences than that of Director of the Central Intelligence  Agency.   As such, the Senate has a constitutional responsibility to review  Director Pompeo's qualifications anew with respect to this specific  nomination. As I indicated, the role of the Secretary of State is  significantly different from that of the CIA Director. The question  before us is whether Director Pompeo has the right background,  judgment, and independence to faithfully execute the duties of  America's top diplomat. Using those criteria, I have to oppose this  nomination.   One of the first tasks for the next Secretary of State will be to  rebuild the capabilities and morale of the Department of State. Over  the last year and a half, the Department has struggled with widespread  vacancies, drastic proposed budget cuts, a Foreign Service treated with  contempt by the White House, and a failed reorganization effort under  Secretary Tillerson. The result has been the hemorrhaging of decades of  foreign policy expertise, the demoralization of those who continue to  serve at State, and the marginalization of diplomacy as an instrument  of national power.   I question whether Director Pompeo is right for the task of reversing  the damage wrought at the State Department. During his time in the  House, then-Congressman Pompeo was a staunch supporter of Tea Party  proposals to slash the very State Department programs that are critical  for advancing our foreign policy and national security interests.  During his confirmation hearing earlier this month, Director Pompeo  declared his commitment to end the ``demoralizing'' vacancies at the  State Department and strengthen the diplomatic corps. Even if Director  Pompeo has had a late conversion on the road to his nomination for  Secretary of State, it is not clear whether he will be any more  successful than Secretary Tillerson was in gaining White House approval  for his desired candidates for senior positions or convincing this  President to listen to the advice of our experts at Foggy Bottom.   My deeper concern is whether Director Pompeo is the right choice to  carry out the Secretary of State's role as the lead advocate for  diplomacy as a means of advancing our national interests.   The need for effective diplomacy to solve our most pressing security  challenges has never been greater. Today's national security threats  are complex, including the reemergence of near-peer competitors Russia  and China who seek to undermine the rules-based international order,  regional challenges from rogue regimes in North Korea and Iran, and the  continuing threat from violent extremist groups that seek to exploit  ungoverned spaces to spread their destructive ideologies. Such  challenges to our national security require a comprehensive strategy  that coordinates military and nonmilitary tools of national power.  [[Page S2457]]    I am concerned that President Trump's bellicose rhetoric and  budgetary priorities indicate a predisposition for choosing military  action over diplomatic solutions. Since September 11, we have asked our  men and women in uniform to go above and beyond in addressing security  and stability challenges globally, and they have responded  magnificently. As we face expanding threats below the level of armed  conflict and insecurity arising from regional destabilization, we need  an increased focus on nonmilitary tools and diplomacy to prevent or  mitigate these challenges. The next Secretary of State needs to be an  effective counterpart for Defense Secretary Mattis in finding  diplomatic solutions to the complex crises we face in Syria, the Middle  East, North Africa, the South China Sea, and North Korea.   Based on his record, I am not convinced that Director Pompeo will  serve as the strong voice for diplomacy that our military and our  country need to counter these pressing threats. Time and again,  Director Pompeo has chosen to reject negotiations and call for the use  of force. His track record calls into question his ability to be an  effective advocate for diplomatic solutions that are in U.S. national  interests.   With regard to the nuclear deal with Iran, known as the joint  comprehensive plan of action, or JCPOA, Director Pompeo has called for  ``rolling back'' this multilateral agreement that was carefully  negotiated alongside the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Russia, and  China. Director Pompeo's opposition to the Iran nuclear deal runs  counter to views of Defense Secretary Mattis and most senior military  leadership. As a congressman, Director Pompeo sought to undermine  negotiations with Iran and advocated for military airstrikes to destroy  its nuclear program. During his confirmation hearing, Director Pompeo  indicated that he would not push back against President Trump's  reckless impulse to withdraw from the JCPOA in mid-May, saying instead  that he would ``recommend to the President that we do our level best to  work with our allies to achieve a better outcome and a better deal.''  This response is in spite of the fact that, by all accounts, the JCPOA  is working as intended and Iran is verifiably meeting its commitments  under the deal.   Withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal would also have a profoundly  harmful effect on our nuclear negotiations with North Korea. North  Korea has little reason to engage with us in a serious dialogue if it  suspects that we may later withdraw unilaterally from any agreement  without cause. During the Trump administration, the risk of conflict  with North Korea has increased to unprecedented levels, and the  diplomatic preparations over the coming weeks will be critical to the  success of President Trump's upcoming summit with the North Korean  leader. However, should that summit fail to produce meaningful  constraints on North Korea's nuclear ambitions, I am concerned that the  administration will use this failure as a pretext for pivoting to a  preemptive strike against North Korea, and I am not confident that  Director Pompeo will be effective in urging restraint by President  Trump in opposing military action while seeking to redouble efforts to  find a negotiated solution.   Perhaps the most difficult role of any Secretary of State is being an  independent voice willing to say no to the President. I recognize that  some say that one of Director Pompeo's highest qualifications for  Secretary of State is his close relationship with the President because  foreign leaders will know that, when Director Pompeo speaks, he has the  backing of President Trump. Director Pompeo's alleged ``rapport'' with  President Trump raises concerns that he will only tell the President  what the President wants to hear and will not provide objective,  nuanced policy recommendations based on U.S. foreign policy interests.  I believe we are already seeing this dynamic with respect to the JCPOA.   Unfortunately, we have seen this scenario before. Early in the George  W. Bush administration, the President surrounded himself with like- minded advisers who were predisposed to distorting the intelligence on  Iraq, and, as a result, they failed to present nuanced policy options  on the march to war against Saddam Hussein. I am concerned that we will  find, in hindsight, that Director Pompeo's closeness to President Trump  will prove less an asset and more a shared blind spot that will lead to  simplistic policy recommendations, an unwillingness to stand up to the  President when he is wrong, and an indulgence of the President's  impulsive preference for strategy-free displays of military force.   The President needs a top diplomat who will provide independent  foreign policy recommendations, will press to exhaust all possible  diplomatic avenues for the safety of our military and citizens, and  will boldly represent our core American values. While I believe that  Director Pompeo is an honorable and decent man, who has provided life- long service to our country, he is not the right nominee for Secretary  of State at this time. As such, I will oppose Director Pompeo's  nomination for Secretary of State.   