 HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I deeply appreciate my good  friend from North Carolina for affording me the opportunity to speak.   Mr. Speaker, I find it interesting that when those from the other  side have an empty argument, their answer is to yell loud and to rail  on issues that are unrelated to that which we are currently discussing.   Mr. Speaker, our Founders made it very clear when they drafted the  Constitution that we have a system of government that keeps each branch  accountable to the Constitution and the rule of law. For nearly 18  months now, the Department of Justice has attempted to shield itself  from the legislative branch's duty to conduct oversight. That is, and  ought to be, both alarming and absolutely unacceptable.  [[Page H5841]]    Mr. Speaker, we know clearly from the IG report here recently, text  after text, email after email, that there were a number of FBI agents  who were extremely biased against the Trump administration, the Trump  candidacy, and in favor of Hillary Clinton. We know that bias existed.   We also know that many of them were willing to use their position,  their status, to try to influence the election. These are things that  we know. And we, as a legislative body, have not only the  responsibility to do oversight, but we have got to have the information  in order to do that oversight.   That is what this resolution is all about. I think it is important  for all of us to come back to the understanding, the realization, that  oversight is necessary to prevent corruption. That is what this is all  about.   The American people, not just Members of Congress, have the right to  get answers to the questions that are before us. This is all for the  purpose of preventing corruption that may exist and to prevent it from  going further.   This resolution is a clear message to the Department of Justice that  the U.S. House of Representatives is determined to get the documents  that have been requested. Even a single page from these missing  documents could be critical to the overall congressional investigation  that is underway. It is all necessary.   There are irrefutable facts, Mr. Speaker. The Department of Justice  is accountable to Congress. Another fact: They are hiding documents.  They are refusing to cooperate. We have, even beyond that now, the  chilling reports that the Deputy Attorney General personally threatened  staff members on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. This  is unacceptable.   So under this resolution, the full force of the House is being  brought to light, Mr. Speaker. We have got to get to the bottom of  this.   