 Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the efforts of my colleagues  on the Agriculture Committee, which have resulted in this bipartisan  bill. I am particularly pleased that the conference report rejects  controversial provisions from the House bill, which would have  increased hunger and hardship for millions of Americans, who are  struggling to work. The House-passed cuts would have harmed many  children, seniors, and working parents in my home state of  Massachusetts, where about one in nine residents currently relies on  the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance program (SNAP) to put food on the  table.   I would like to comment in more detail about one specific cut that  the Conference Committee rejected. It was titled ``Update to  Categorical Eligibility'', but the proposal was largely a repeal of a  decades-old state option in SNAP that allows states to liberalize the  SNAP gross income and asset test by providing them or providing access  to a TANF-funded benefit. Repealing this option would have terminated  food assistance to close to 2 million low-income people across the  country, including families in Massachusetts. The Conference Committee  was wise to reject the cut.   As a member of the Ways and Means Committee since 1993 and as a  member who was actively engaged in our debates and supported final  passage of the 1996 law, I'd like to remind my colleagues of this  option in SNAP to use TANF income and asset tests to simplify  administration and access to benefits families need.   Under categorical eligibility, states can raise SNAP income  eligibility cutoffs and asset limits and align SNAP's rules with those  that states set for benefits funded through TANF. With this option, 32  states have lifted SNAP's income limits, extending the program to more  working families. Over 40 states have used the option to adopt less  restrictive asset tests, that is, the amount of financial assets, such  as in a savings account, that a household may own and remain eligible  for SNAP. Making the safety net more flexible and allowing states to be  more responsive to the needs of working families was a key design  feature of the welfare law. This option to expand what was then called  food stamps and the option to expand Medicaid were key elements of that  purpose. President Clinton set up the guidelines that govern the option  which are very much in keeping with how TANF benefits work.   Unfortunately, it would appear that the Trump Administration may  attempt to make the policy change Congress specifically rejected,  without our authorization. The Administration has signaled that it  plans to re-regulate the rules governing categorical eligibility. Let  me be clear, the Administration has no authority to roll back or curb  the option. The law is straightforward. Households that receive a TANF- funded benefit are categorically eligible for SNAP. And, TANF law is  clear that funds under the block grant can go for purposes and  populations that cover all SNAP eligible households. This decades-old  policy option is not up for debate or reinterpretation. In converting  the Aid for Dependent Families entitlement program into a block grant,  Congress understood the tremendous flexibility it was giving states to  use funds for a wide range of purposes, including both assistance and  benefit programs. How states use the funds can be inspirational or  frustrating. Many of us wish they would focus more on serving poor  children. Nevertheless, the legal flexibility conferred to states under  the TANF block grant funding stream to create benefit programs and  services with many different purposes and with less restrictive  eligibility rules than SNAP also means that states can use these  programs to confer categorical eligibility, and provide SNAP for all  those determined eligible for such programs. This includes programs and  services created solely to leverage this option.   The Trump Administration would be wise not to attempt an unlawful  rollback of this option. It would run counter to the law and harm  families in need.   