 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment, which is  offered in conjunction with the primary sponsor of H.R. 50,  Representative Virginia Foxx, who I know has worked very hard on this  legislation. I am glad that Ms. Foxx has embraced the amendment because  it does improve the legislation.   The amendment would require the website post within 5 days of any  consultations that an agency has with non-Federal parties during the  development of regulatory proposals containing a significant Federal  unfunded mandate, as well as the website posting of any comments  submitted by non-Federal parties on such proposals within 5 days of  their submission.   I am delighted that we have converged around this question of  transparency in the regulatory process. Public rules should serve the  public, so the public should know what the ingredients are, what the  discussions are that are going into the preparation and the development  of public regulations.   This is a consensus amendment, which is all about sunlight and  scrutiny.   The idea of agency interaction with interested parties on Federal  mandates is a good one. In this case, I only wish that the bill  required far broader and more inclusive consultation.   As it stands in the legislation, early consultation is only required  with affected ``parties within the private sector including small  businesses'' and ``State, local, and Tribal governments,'' which are  already covered under the Unfunded Mandate Reform Act.   The bill still operates in a slanted way. It does not require early  consultations with representatives of other affected parties, like  veterans, farmers, law enforcement officers, community associations,  religious groups, and so on.   I have told the sponsor that I think it is a mistake to keep it this  narrow, and I only wish the Rules Committee had, in its wisdom,  accepted my second amendment so we could address that shortcoming. But  having said that, I appreciate the strong incorporation of the language  on transparency and disclosure, and I wish that, at least in the  future, that we can be more flexible about placing all affected  regulatory parties on the same plane.   I thank Representative Foxx for her support on this amendment, and I  ask that all of my colleagues support it.   Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Virginia (Mr. Connolly).    Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. Connolly for those remarks. I  agree with that. I think there was an opportunity here where we could  have gotten the whole committee together, but the bill does remain way  too narrow in terms of addressing just part of the affected regulatory  community and not the rest of it, and there is no reason to do it like  that.   Mr. Chairman, I am glad that we have an amendment on transparency in  the process that takes place, and I yield back the balance of my time.   