 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last week, the Trump administration proposed  new rules to finally bring Federal policy back in line with Federal  law. This should not be controversial in a republic committed to the  rule of law. But this new policy touches the question of abortion,  which tempts all three branches of our Federal Government to turn  truth, justice, and the law inside out in the service of violence.  President Trump, to his credit, is resisting those temptations and  affirming what the law should do--affirming the fact that the law  should do what the law says.   The particular law in question is the Public Health Service Act.  Every year, it allocates hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars to  public health centers across the country. Under the 1970 statute, no  Public Health Service dollars ``shall be used in programs where  abortion is a method of family planning.'' That is, the bill was  expressly written to fund healthcare for lower income communities,  including family planning services, but not to fund or facilitate  abortion, which, of course, is the opposite of healthcare.  [[Page S2892]]    Yet in the 1980s, the General Accounting Office found that abortion  providers were colocating their nonabortion and abortion-providing  services and just keeping two different sets of books. This put  patients, policymakers, and taxpayers in an impossible position. So  regulations correcting this obvious abuse of the law were implemented;  then they were upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court.   Subsequent Democratic Presidents rescinded these regulations, leaving  the abortion industry free to indulge its ever-growing appetite for  Americans' blood and treasure. This is the unacceptable status quo that  the Trump administration would correct.   By reinstating some of those prior regulations, President Trump is  following through on his campaign promise to the American people to get  taxpayer money out of the abortion industry. This is to his great  credit. Wherever you stand on the question of legalized killing of  unborn children, it is essential that we draw the line at taxpayer  funding of it.   The new rule would indeed reduce the flow of Federal dollars to  abortion providers, including the billion-dollar behemoth of the grisly  industry, Planned Parenthood. Even a modest step in this direction--in  this case, about 15 percent--is to be commended.   In addition to incremental reform, this new rule is also a clarifying  asset. After all, it does not deny Planned Parenthood or any colocated  clinics anything. It doesn't deny anything to them. It simply offers  them a choice, and given Planned Parenthood's protestations that  abortions are just a tiny fraction of what Planned Parenthood does, the  choice should be easy enough.   If, despite their billions of dollars of taxpayer subsidies and  private donations, Planned Parenthood and its accomplice organizations  can't afford two local facilities--one for abortion and one for  nonabortion care and counseling--they will just have to choose which  clinic to keep open. They will have to decide--or, perhaps, just  publicly admit--what business it is that they are really in: healthcare  or abortion, life or death. Of course, we already know the answer. That  is why Planned Parenthood is widely expected to lead a lawsuit to block  the regulation just as soon as it is implemented.   As the New York Times recently put it, abortion is to Planned  Parenthood what the internet is to Facebook; that is, like justice and  the rule of law are to the American Republic.   Our abortion-on-demand legal regime today is doubly unjust, first,  because it was created by judges rather than elected lawmakers and,  second, because it denies the undeniable humanity of the unborn.  President Trump's new policy would improve the law on both counts.  First, it would bring the administration of the law back into line with  Congress's clear, statutory text. Second, it would signal that in this  White House, the protection of innocent human life will be the guiding  principle that it should be in any civilized society.   The new rule will protect Americans' right to protect themselves and  the unborn from taxpayer-funded abortions and, hopefully, create just a  little more space for the weakest and the most vulnerable among us to  grow, to thrive, and to hope that we will one day see that inevitable  day not so far from now when our laws and our hearts answer the  immutable call of justice, love, and respect for the dignity of the  human soul.   I yield the floor.   