 Mr. President, I rise to speak about John McCain.   As one of those rising to pay tribute, I am perhaps one of the least  qualified to do so. I say that because although John McCain and I  served together, it was only for the last 4 years of his storied Senate  career, and we were not on any common committees.   But let me say why I am qualified. In that brief period, I saw  firsthand that of which others with many more years of acquaintance  rise and speak. I speak of 2014, when I was running for Senate for the  first time, and John McCain came to Louisiana to campaign on my behalf.  It was remarkable to see how veterans responded to him. We would go-- oh, my gosh, it was the sort of schedule that is legendary for John  McCain. We started off in Covington, LA, then went to New Orleans, then  went to Baton Rouge, to Lafayette, drove up the length of the State to  Shreveport, and then came back to New Orleans--all in 1 day. Others  would have been tired. He was energized.   He taught me about social media. Folks would come up to him and wish  to have their picture taken. He would take a selfie, and say: Post it  on Facebook.  [[Page S5973]]    Sure enough, they did. In that way, his contact with people went from  just a group meeting--always incredibly well attended--to the  individual meeting, to everybody those folks were reaching out to  through Facebook.   But even that is not the story I wish to tell.   We had an incredibly intense schedule in which we were meeting one  person after another. In Shreveport, as we were walking out, a fellow  handed John McCain a note. He said: Senator, this is a fellow who is a  fellow Vietnam vet, and he is in the hospital now and cannot come. He  would love to hear from you. Here is his phone number.   So we get in the car, and John picks up his phone and he calls. He  says: Hello, my friend, this is John McCain. I am sorry you are under  the weather. Tell me about it.   He spoke to the man as one Vietnam veteran to another, reaching  through the wire, letting that man know he was deeply cared for and  honored for his service to our country and his sacrifice for our  country.   That tells me a measure of John McCain--in this incredibly intense  schedule, finding that moment to reach out to an individual to let him  know how much he was valued as an American.   So I rise to speak briefly. I started by saying that I am probably  among the least qualified, but, perhaps, because of my brief  interaction and the quality of the interaction and the intensity of how  John McCain presented himself, not just to me, not just to his fellow  Americans, but to all of the voters of Louisiana, I might be the best  qualified--the best qualified because, even in that glimpse, you see  that which made John McCain a great American: bringing it all, all the  time, for everybody who lives in this country, to represent this  country as best as possible to the rest of the world, and in so doing  serving not just our country but the rest of the world.   I yield the floor.   