 Madam President, this week the Senate will vote on the  nomination of Michael Brennan to serve on the Seventh Circuit Court of  Appeals in Milwaukee.   Judge Brennan is a highly qualified nominee with broad, bipartisan  support in his own State of Wisconsin. The Senate Judiciary Committee  received numerous letters in support of Judge Brennan's nomination,  including from the longtime Democratic Milwaukee district attorney. I  fully support this nomination.   I have heard from some of my colleagues--and especially from those on  the other side of the aisle--that they believe Judge Brennan shouldn't  have received a hearing before the Judiciary Committee. They say this  because one Senator from Wisconsin didn't return the blue slip. But  their opinions are based on an incorrect understanding of the blue  slip's history.   As I explained last year several times on the Senate floor and  several times in committee, the blue slip courtesy is just that--a  courtesy. It has a history going back to 1917. Since then, chairmen of  the Judiciary Committee have distributed blue slips to home State  Senators to get feedback on the nominees to the Federal bench in their  respective States.   Chairmen have applied the blue slip courtesy differently in its 100- year history. For the first 39 years of its existence, the blue slip  had no bearing on whether a nominee went through the committee process.  Then, in 1956, Senator James Eastland of Mississippi became chairman.  He started requiring both home State Senators to return positive blue  slips before the committee would ever proceed on a judicial nomination.  Scholars maintain that Chairman Eastland adopted this policy to allow  southern Senators to veto nominees sympathetic to the Supreme Court  decision in Brown v. Board of Education.   Then, when Senator Ted Kennedy took over the chairmanship from  Senator Eastland in 1979, he went back to the original blue slip  policy.   Then comes along Chairman Strom Thurmond continuing that policy. Then  comes along Chairman Joe Biden continuing that policy, and Chairman  Orrin Hatch followed that policy. Under the policies of those chairmen  just mentioned, negative or unreturned blue slips did not necessarily  preclude a hearing for a nominee.   When Senator Leahy became chairman during the Bush administration, he  did away with this policy and resurrected Chairman Eastland's strict  blue slip policy. The reason for this strict blue slip policy was  obvious to everyone at that time--at least obvious to everybody on our  side of the aisle--to block President George W. Bush's judicial  nominees based on politics and ideology, something that never played  much of a role in a lot of these nominations prior to 2002. In sum,  only 2 of my 18 predecessors who extended the blue slip courtesy  required signoff from both home State Senators.   When Senator Leahy adopted an historical blue slip policy, that was  his prerogative as chairman, and nobody argues with that. But it is my  prerogative to have the same blue slip policy as Chairman Biden and  Chairman Kennedy and the vast majority of predecessors. Accordingly, I  have said this: Negative or unreturned blue slips will not necessarily  preclude the hearing for circuit court nominees unless the White House  failed to consult with home State Senators. I get all sorts of  information--and I demand all sorts of information--from the White  House on this sort of consultation that is going on. That is why I held  hearings for David Stras, Kyle Duncan, Michael Brennan, and Ryan  Bounds, despite the lack of two positive blue slips from home State  Senators. This policy is completely bipartisan. I have applied it to  blue slips of Democratic and Republican Senators.   Some people have suggested that I had a different blue slip policy  during the final 2 years of President Obama's administration. They  pointed to nine judicial nominees with blue slip problems who didn't  receive hearings. But five of these nominees were to district courts,  and I have said repeatedly that I am less likely to proceed to district  court nominees without two positive blue slips.   With respect to the four circuit court nominees who didn't receive  hearings during the last Congress, their nominations simply came too  late in the Congress to process. They were nominated during the  Presidential election year of  [[Page S2568]]  2016, and in Presidential election years, we have the Leahy-Thurmond  rule that applies. Under the Leahy-Thurmond rule, the Senate typically  stops confirming judges by midsummer. I am assuming that I gave  Senators in 2016 the same timeline that I gave to former Senator  Franken to return his blue slip for Justice Stras. We wouldn't have  started holding hearings then until 2016, and by delaying until that  period of time, we would have not had the record number of circuit  court judges that we have had during this Presidency, because, then,  the Leahy-Thurmond rule would have barred their confirmations. These  four nominees also lacked floor support, and it would have been a waste  of time and resources if we had proceeded. That was my judgment as  chairman.   Chairman Leahy similarly refused to hold hearings for at least six  circuit court nominees for reasons besides the blue slips. He denied  hearings for three nominees in the Fourth Circuit: Steve Matthews,  Robert Conrad, and Glen Conrad. These nominees had two positive blue  slips from their home State Senators, and two were nominated more than  a year before the 2008 Presidential election, but even then, Chairman  Leahy refused to process them.    Chairman Leahy also refused to act on the nomination of Peter  Keisler, President Bush's nominee to the DC Circuit, who was nominated  in 2006. Obviously, blue slips were not the reason for my predecessor's  decision to stall Mr. Keisler's nomination for more than 2 years since  the District of Columbia has no Senators. These decisions allowed  President Obama then to stack the DC Circuit and also the Fourth  Circuit with liberal judges.   Chairman Leahy also declined to hold hearings for two Sixth Circuit  Court nominees to Ohio seats, even though both Ohio Senators had  returned positive blue slips. The Democratic Senators from Michigan  asked Chairman Leahy to halt proceedings on all Sixth Circuit nominees,  not just those from Michigan. So Chairman Leahy honored this request  and denied a hearing to the Ohio nominees, even though the blue slips  had been returned. This was the first time ever a chairman allowed  Senators to halt committee proceedings on nominees for seats in other  States.   As Chairman Leahy's example shows, there isn't just one reason. There  are multiple reasons for any chairman of the Judiciary Committee to  deny a hearing to a nominee. Likewise, my decision not to hold hearings  for the four nominees in 2016 wasn't based solely on the lack of blue  slips. It is simply false, then, for my colleagues to say I changed my  blue-slip policy since that particular time.   As to my decision then to hold a hearing on the nominee now before  the Senate, Judge Brennan, I was satisfied that the White House  adequately consulted with both Wisconsin Senators. The White House  sought input from the Wisconsin Senators and considered all the  candidates recommended by each Senator. I understand the frustration  that Wisconsin's judicial nominating commission hasn't worked out as  had been planned by the two Senators, but Judge Brennan was the only  candidate to receive bipartisan support from the commission process  that is used in Wisconsin. Moreover, the commission's dysfunction can't  be used as an excuse to deny the President his constitutional authority  to make judicial nominations.   I would also like to point out that each Senator who has withheld a  blue slip this Congress also voted to abolish the filibuster for  judicial nominations back in 2013. The argument then was that 41  Senators shouldn't be allowed to block the will of a majority of this  Senate, but now these same Senators have reversed themselves, saying  any one Senator should have that right, through holding a blue slip, to  denying the Senate an opportunity to vote.   Understand, just a few years ago, they wanted to abolish 41 Senators  holding up a nomination, but today they stand before us and say one  Senator ought to be able to do what they said 41 Senators shouldn't be  able to do. I will not allow the blue slip to be abused in this way.  The blue slip is meant to encourage consultation between the White  House and home State Senators. It is not a way for Senators to have  veto power over nominees for political or ideological reasons.   Finally, I hear a lot these days about the President stacking the  courts or the Senate rubberstamping nominees. Well, I stand by our  process. It gives Senators every opportunity to probe deeply into  nominees' backgrounds. As five nominees from last year will attest, not  everyone makes it through this rigorous scrutiny. I would like to bring  attention to two recent Supreme Court decisions that the Trump  administration lost.   In Sessions v. Dimaya, the Supreme Court held that the government  could not deport an immigrant under a vague statutory provision. The  pivotal vote was cast by President Trump's own Supreme Court nominee,  Justice Neil Gorsuch.   In another case, Chicago v. Sessions, the Seventh Circuit held that  the government could not deny funding to so-called sanctuary cities. It  happens the three judges who carried that case were all appointed by  Republican Presidents.   I bring up these cases not because I agree or disagree with their  outcomes but simply to point out that the fears of the President  stacking the judiciary are overblown. Conservative judges apply the law  as written, regardless of the results, but I suppose liberals expect  their judges to be results-oriented. That is why we can always  confidently predict how a liberal judge might rule on a case. Liberal  outside groups' real fear, then, is that newly confirmed judges  recognize that their role is to neutrally apply the law, not to  legislate from the bench.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   