 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for all of his great  leadership and mentorship throughout this process to get this bill to  the floor today.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4293, the Stress Test  Improvement Act. It is critical bipartisan legislation that injects  transparency, consistency, and fairness into the stress testing  process.   I especially want to thank my bipartisan supporter and partner on  this important bill, Congressman  David Scott of Georgia.   Stress tests are one of the aspects of current law that are  contributing to the climate of legal and regulatory uncertainty because  the Federal Reserve has failed to provide the necessary transparency  around this process.   A stress test is a financial analysis performed internally by a  financial institution or done externally by a regulator to assess if a  bank can withstand stressful economic conditions. Stress tests, when  done correctly, are an important way for banks and regulators to  understand the ability of financial institutions to survive a  contracting economy or weather a major economic storm like a recession.    Ensuring that these tests are done right, with fairness and  objectivity, is essential for protecting depositors and the overall  financial system. That is why passing the reforms in this bill should  be a priority on both sides of the aisle.   Working together on a bipartisan basis, Mr. Scott offered an  amendment to this bill that was accepted unanimously by the members of  the Financial Services Committee, including the ranking member, and  this bill cleared a committee markup with a bipartisan vote of 38-21.   By focusing the bill on three core reforms, we are improving this  important process to protect soundness in the banking system, while  also reforming the negative unintended consequences and damaging  overreach of Dodd-Frank.   By striking the adverse scenario requirement from stress testing,  these important tests can actually focus on real-world conditions to  protect financial institutions and the customers they serve from  threats to the stability of the financial system.   By repealing the ability of the Federal Reserve to reject a company's  capital plan based solely on a qualitative stress test, we are making  the process more transparent and fair.   This legislation ends the ability of regulators to arbitrarily reject  a financial institution's capital plan without feedback or constructive  criticism. These secretive rejections by regulators have done little to  protect consumers and inserted more, not less, uncertainty into the  financial system.   By eliminating the midcycle review and shifting from biannual to  annual stress testing requirements, we are lessening the compliance tax  that has raised the cost of lending and hurt consumers who have lost  access to the small business loans or mortgages that help finance their  American Dream.   Without needed reform, rather than ensuring financial stability, the  Federal Reserve's stress tests are likely missing real risks while  constraining the competitive flow of financial services that is  critical to increasing economic opportunity.   While a valuable resource, stress test results may be creating a  false sense of security, while at the same time sowing the seeds of  financial instability. In order to succeed, a stress test must build  from an accurate forecast of the next macroeconomic storm, and even the  best forecasts tend to be wrong.   The Stress Test Improvement Act will make stress testing more  effective by making the rules more transparent and fair. We are not  gutting standards but making them work for the real world. This bill is  a bipartisan team effort to accomplish these goals.   Without transparency about what the stress testing rules are, there  is no way to ensure the government plays by the rules. By subjecting  financial institutions to a questionable regime that lacks  accountability and transparency, regulators are failing to achieve the  important goals that they are tasked with: ensuring safety and  soundness.   With the critical reforms in this legislation, we are upholding  sensible standards for financial institutions, while clarifying the  requirements for and the frequency of stress tests.   To the hardworking men and women in my district and nationwide, it is  common sense that banks ought to know the standards and tests their  regulators are subjecting them to. By injecting some transparency and  consistency into the stress testing regime, we are taking needed  capital off the sidelines so it can be invested in the private economy  to create jobs and wealth.   I want to thank Chairmen Hensarling and Luetkemeyer for their  leadership on this important issue. I also want to thank my Democratic  partner on this important bill,  David Scott.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill.   