 Mr. President, while the distinguished senior Senator  from Texas, deputy leader, is still on the floor, let me thank him for  his kind remarks and express a word of appreciation for his patience  through the long process of getting to a conclusion that we appear now  to have finally reached on bringing criminal sentencing reform to a  vote on the Senate floor.   This is at least the third Congress in which the Cornyn-Whitehouse  bill to improve the preparation of Federal prisoners for release, when  they are going to be released, has been with us, and it has been a long  process. I think the bill we are going to go to is, in majority, our  original bill. For a long time, it has been the engine that I think all  sides have seen as the means to solve the sentencing piece, which was  much more difficult.   Over and over again, our efforts to move our bill have been held up  in order to try to make a package, which is a pretty strong sign that  our bill is a pretty good thing to get on board with. I want to thank  Senator Cornyn for his patience through all of this.   Then I want to say a quick appreciation to Representative Collins and  Representative Jeffries, whose bill on the House side was basically  started like ours, and then they were able to negotiate what Senator  Cornyn and I both agree were improvements--so that we adopted our bill  to incorporate the improvements from the House side.   Other than that, we are about where we began with the sentencing  improvements that have been added, and it has been a long trip, but I  am indebted and appreciative of my colleague in all of this, Senator  Cornyn, for having kept the faith through these many years and many  Congresses in getting to this point.   Thank you, sir.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the senior Senator from  New Jersey, Mr. Menendez, be recognized at the conclusion of my  remarks, if he is on the floor.    Mr. President, this week, Nations of the world are  gathering in Katowice, Poland, to review--and we hope amplify--their  commitments to reduce carbon emissions under the 2015 Paris Agreement  and to discuss how they will report and verify reductions in carbon  pollution.   The United States of America is technically present in Poland in the  form of a small delegation, but American leadership in Poland is  decidedly absent. Why? It is pretty simple. The Government of the  United States of America has fallen under the political control of the  industry most responsible for this mess.   American leadership was essential to forging the global consensus on  carbon emissions in the original Paris Agreement. I know because I was  there in Paris in 2015 as Secretary Kerry and the U.S. negotiating team  worked to seal the landmark pact.   What a pathetic difference a few years make. In 2017, President Trump  announced that the United States would become the only country in the  world to turn its back on this global agreement. The United States  abdicates its leadership, just as the scientific warnings of the  dangers of climate change grow clearer and  [[Page S7419]]  grimmer. In October, came a new report from the world's scientists  working through the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. Just  last month, our own Federal Government released its own sobering news  about the worsening risks climate change poses to our Nation and our  economy.   Our National Climate Assessment warned of hundreds of billions of  dollars in losses we can anticipate due to climate change if we don't  act to curtail carbon emissions. Trump responded first by describing  his own--and I will quote him on this--``very high levels of  intelligence.'' Then he went on to simply deny all the science. He  said: I don't see it.   Well, guess what. Pope Paul V didn't see it when Galileo demonstrated  the Earth revolved around the Sun, but that didn't change the  astrophysics.   The climate science--laid out in black and white by Trump's own  government agencies--is that our planet is heating up due to our use of  fossil fuels.   The science is even more incontrovertible than when Donald Trump said  that climate science was incontrovertible back in 2009. Saying that he  now doesn't see it is the very definition of climate denial.   So many people who are engaged in climate denial actually know better  but, for a variety of motives, will not act, will not admit it. As to  the President's not seeing it, ``willful blindness'' would be another  term.   This takeover of our government by fossil fuel forces is having very  real consequences in U.S. emissions numbers. After years of decline,  U.S. carbon emissions rose in 2018, increasing by 2.5 percent.   This, of course, coincides with the Trump administration's efforts on  behalf of its industry benefactors to delay, repeal, and weaken rules  limiting carbon emissions from powerplants, from oil and gas wells,  from industrial facilities, even from vehicles.   Of course all of these industries share a measure of the blame for  not cleaning up their own mess on their own, and you can add to that  their culpability for pushing the Trump administration to weaken the  safety regulations that, in some cases, the industry had actually  agreed to. The auto industry had actually agreed to the CAFE standards  and then fought to undo them through its trade group so that they could  keep their own hands clean.   Chinese carbon emissions increased in 2018, as did Indian emissions.  Among major economies, only the European Union saw its emissions  decline in 2018.   This is why international summits like Poland are so important. The  world urgently needs to correct course, and we can best do so if  countries together do their part to reduce emissions.   According to the IPCC, to avoid the most catastrophic effects of  climate change, we need to cut carbon emissions to 50 percent below  2010 levels by 2030, which is just 11 years from now. We have to be 50  percent below our emissions in 2010, 11 years from now, in 2030, and we  have to hit net zero emissions--carbon removed for all carbon added--by  2050. That is not that far away.   The IPCC report calls pricing carbon the central policy that will  allow us to hold the global temperature increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius  or less. This is not some fantasy of the environmental community. Some  of the world's biggest investors--$32 trillion worth of investment  represented by these groups--stood up in Poland to say: We need to fix  this problem or there will be economic catastrophe ahead. They also  said that a price on carbon and an end to the subsidy that the fossil  fuel industry enjoys and is at the heart of its political intervention,  which has prevented us from taking on climate change, needs to go.   You have to add a price on carbon, and you have to get rid of the  fossil fuel subsidies. That is their prescription for avoiding economic  catastrophe.   Well, maybe they don't know what they are talking about, but $32  trillion worth of money thinks that they know what they are talking  about because they put their money in the hands of these people to make  wise investments for the future. A lot of people have bet their savings  and resources behind these groups that are now saying: No price on  carbon, no end of the fossil fuel subsidies, watch out--watch out for  catastrophe.   On an ideological level, if you are sincere about market capitalism,  where the costs of a product need to be in the price of the product for  the market to work, this is pretty obvious stuff. The only reason this  gets difficult is if you are a fake free marketeer who is really  fronting for the fossil fuel industry.   But if you are not a fake on market economics when it is the industry  that funds your party involved, it is pretty straightforward stuff. It  is basic economic market principles.   You put the public harm externalities of a product--those costs--into  the price of the product for the market to work--econ 101.   It shows the priorities around here when market capitalism and the  principles of free market economics are so readily thrown under the bus  by our friends once they cross the interests of big, big donor  industries.   The good news is that many governments--from cities, States, and  provinces to countries and regions--are already pricing carbon. This  chart shows all of the various governments that have set a price on  carbon, either through emissions trading--those are the green ones--or  through a carbon price, a carbon fee--the various purple ones--and some  do both, which is where they are mixed.   The carbon fee involved will vary. Sweden, for example, charges  almost $140 per ton of carbon emitted, covering nearly 50 percent of  the Nation's emissions.   The Canadian Province of British Columbia enacted a carbon fee in  2008, which has risen over time to its current price of $35 per ton. In  the 4 years following the British Columbia carbon fee, fossil fuel use  decreased by 17 percent in the Province, compared to increasing by 1  percent in the rest of Canada. So it works at decreasing emissions, and  British Columbia's economy grew faster than that of any other Canadian  province.   Why would it not? One hundred percent of the revenues raised from  British Columbia's carbon fee are returned to taxpayers in the form of  other tax cuts. And it is popular; 70 percent of British Colombians  support the policy.    So what about the United States? Well, California has put a price on  carbon via an emissions trading system, as have the nine Northeastern  States, including Rhode Island, that are members of the Regional  Greenhouse Gas Initiative. For the moment, the prices in California and  the RGGI are still relatively low--around 5 bucks for us in Rhode  Island for RGGI.   Senator Schatz and I have introduced our American Opportunity Carbon  Fee Act again to assess a carbon fee starting at 50 bucks per metric  ton of emissions in 2019. It is the midrange of the Office of  Management and Budget's 2016 estimates of what they call the social  cost of carbon. The social cost of carbon is the name for the long-term  damage that is done by carbon pollution, which the fossil fuel industry  is fighting so hard to be a public subsidy rather than to be put into  the price of their product.   Our market-based proposal is an appeal to true conservative  Republican colleagues. As one Republican former legislator said: It is  not just an olive branch; it is an olive limb that we have offered. But  the fossil fuel industry keeps a stranglehold on the Republican Party,  preventing climate action--even climate action using market principles.   Axios just did this chart. I saw it today and had it reproduced for  the floor. This is the number of times climate change was mentioned in  Congress in press releases, floor statements, and online by Members of  Congress. This is how often the Democrats have mentioned it from 2013  to 2018. I am afraid I am probably a measurable piece of those blue  columns.   But if you look over here, this is how often Republicans have  mentioned climate change. Their best year was 678 mentions. For all  Republicans in Congress, in all of their press releases, floor  statements, and online communications, the grand total is 678  mentions--I mean, seriously--and it has gone down as it has gotten  worse because I think it is difficult to talk about if you are a  Republican.   Everybody is looking around at the wildfires; everybody is looking  around  [[Page S7420]]  at the sea level rise coming up; everybody is looking at the storms;  everybody is looking around at the science now, not only warning of  climate change but being able to connect specific weather events to  climate change, most recently, the massive heat wave that wiped out so  much of the Great Barrier Reef.   So here is how often Republicans talk about it, and here is how often  Democrats do. We should probably do better. But, anyway, that is where  we are.   If that doesn't show the effect of the industry squelching debate and  driving Republicans into alignment with their industry welfare, then I  don't know what could express that much more clearly.   So I wanted to show that, and this is unlikely to change as long as  millions of fossil fuel industry dollars slosh around Washington,  protecting this corrupting industry from having to account, as  economics would suggest, for the actual economic cost of its pollution.   America is called the indispensable Nation, and American leadership  is indispensable if we are to achieve a global response to this global  challenge. But American leadership is sorely lacking because the dark  money and sleazy operatives of the fossil fuel industry today control  the Trump administration and swaths of the Republican Party.   There used to be a guy in this body who said ``Country First.'' We  could use a little of that now in this tragic, climate-denying Trump  sleaze-fest.   I yield the floor, and per the previous order I think Senator  Menendez is here, to be recognized momentarily. I saw him come to the  floor a moment ago.   