 Mr. President, I ask that the order for the quorum call be  rescinded.    Mr. President, as a number of my colleagues did, last week  when the Senate wasn't in session, as I always do, I returned to my  beloved State of Ohio and went home to Cleveland and spent much of last  week going around the State.   I love Pope Francis's comment when he exhorted his parish priests to  go out  [[Page S5687]]  and smell like the flock. That says to me how important it is to go out  and listen to people and listen to people's concerns.   I was in Lima talking to workers about pensions and about their work  manufacturing. I was in Findlay with the mayor and a number of  providers, and we listened to people talk about what they are doing to  address the opioid crisis in Cleveland, Toledo, Dayton, and around the  State.   What strikes me perhaps more than anything is the dignity of work;  that whether you see someone waiting tables in a diner, whether you see  someone at a plant working on an assembly line, whether you see  somebody doing construction, whether you see somebody in a school or in  a hospital, taking care of children in a school, taking care of  patients in a hospital, what comes through to me is just the dignity of  work.   What concerns me is, this body doesn't really understand that. They  don't understand people want a chance to make a living, they want a  decent wage, they want a chance to raise their children in a safe  neighborhood, and they want access to housing.   We know one out of four people who rent in this country spend more  than half their income for housing, and we know what that means if  something goes wrong in their lives, if their car breaks down, if their  child gets sick, that they can lose their apartment, they can be  foreclosed on, they can be evicted.   To me, what came through this trip around the State this week more  than anything was how this body is so out of touch with what work  means; the honor, the dignity of work, how honorable it is; that  people, whether they work with their brains or their hands or their  brains and their hands, as most people do, that work should be  rewarded.   We are seeing workers work harder than ever before. We are seeing  corporate profits go up. We are seeing executive compensation explode.  We are seeing productivity rise. Yet workers' wages are flat.   In fact, during the last year and a half, while the stock market is  up and the President brags about job growth--and we all are happy with  job growth--what we don't hear said, which is true, is that workers'  wages have been stagnant or have gone down. Workers are actually making  less than they were a year and a half ago.   We know that since 2010, since the auto rescue, we have seen job  growth every quarter, every month since 2010. We saw greater job growth  3 years ago than we have the last 2 years, but we have not seen wage  growth, and I will give you one of the reasons for that.   Congress passed a tax bill less than a year ago, and that tax bill,  first of all, blew a hole in the budget. That is a problem because now  my Republican colleagues want to raise the retirement age for Medicare,  want to cut spending for the cleanup of Lake Erie, want to cut spending  on things like LIHEAP, the low-income energy heating assistance plan  for seniors who are struggling with the decision, do I pay for my  medicine or my heat or do I have enough food to eat. So it is a  question of this Congress has not really--they passed a tax bill that  blows a hole in the deficit. At the same time, think about this one  provision in the tax bill.   If you are making cars in Youngstown, OH, Lordstown, or in Toledo, if  you are making the Jeep or the Chevy Cruze in Youngstown, and you pay a  21-percent tax rate--that corporation--but if that corporation decides  to move overseas, they pay a tax rate of 10.5 percent. So, in other  words, because of the tax bill the President signed fewer than 12  months ago, the Federal Government is saying, we are going to give a  corporation a 50-percent-off coupon on their taxes if they move  overseas.   So what did GM just do? The same day GM announced more than 1,000  workers in Lordstown, OH, were laid off--the same day--they announced  they were going to build a plant in Mexico to make the Chevy Blazer.   Now, I asked the CEO of GM, if you are going to lay off people in  Lordstown, if you are making fewer Chevy Cruzes, why don't you retool,  invest some of those billions of dollars in tax savings in Lordstown,  OH, in the Mahoning Valley and Youngstown or at the GM plant in  Defiance or at the GM plant in Toledo or in some of your GM supply  chain, GM suppliers? Why don't you invest there instead of in Mexico?  She didn't say this was the reason, but it is pretty clear because the  special interests in this body, meeting in the majority leader's  office, meeting in the Speaker's office, meeting in the White House-- and the White House looks like a retreat for corporate executives if we  have ever seen any such thing--made a decision to give tax breaks to  companies that move overseas. So more and more companies are going to  see it is attractive. They like that idea of a 50-percent-off coupon to  shut down production in Mansfield, OH, and move to Vietnam or to China  or to South Korea or to Turkey or to Mexico.   Imagine that. Imagine both the economic illiteracy and the moral  debauchery, if you will, of setting up a tax bill that says: We will  give you a lower tax rate if you move overseas. I mean, what kind of a  Congress passes a bill that says if you move overseas, we will lower  your tax rate? That is what Congress did. It was already bad enough  before we passed this last tax bill, but now we are seeing what I think  is going to happen more and more. GM makes a decision: They lay off  people in Youngstown, paying a 21-percent tax rate, they move overseas,  and they are paying a 10.5-percent tax rate. I don't understand the  logic. I don't understand the morality of that.   I hope this Congress will look at my legislation, which will turn  that around. It is our jobs and car act that simply will say: If you  buy an American car--and 100 different models of cars and trucks  qualify for this--if you buy an American car or an American truck,  meaning mostly made in the United States, assembled here, you will get  $3,500 off the price of that car at the dealership, and that is, in  essence, paid for by making the tax rate we charge U.S. companies that  move overseas--charge that same tax rate that we charge in this  country. That is how you pay for it.   It makes sense. It would mean more jobs in Ohio. It would matter for  the dignity of work because autoworkers and the supply chain and  steelworkers, glassmakers, and people making car seats in Northwest  Ohio--all of them will have more jobs and will be able to provide for  their families in a way that they really believe the American dream is  all about.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   