 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening in support of America's nuclear  energy industry. Today, America leads the world in nuclear energy  production and technological advancement. However, the industry faces  unique challenges that prevent us from reaching our full potential when  it comes to nuclear energy.   So I thank Mr. Shimkus for hosting this Special Order which gives us  a chance to shed light on some of these issues.   Over in the Science, Space, and Technology Committee's Energy  Subcommittee, we talk a lot about nuclear energy R&D as critical for  the United States' national security and energy dominance. Through our  numerous meetings over the course of several years, we have put forth  multiple bills which will implement long-term R&D investments that will  spur American competitiveness and keep us at the forefront of nuclear  energy technology. We will need waste sites.   My bill, the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act, actually  provides important policy direction for the Department of Energy Office  of Nuclear Energy. First, it provides DOE with statutory directions to  leverage its supercomputing infrastructure for modeling and simulation  capabilities to develop advanced fission and fusion reactors. Second,  this legislation provides DOE with statutory direction to use its  authority to enable the national labs to partner with the private  sector to construct and operate reactor prototypes at DOE sites and to  leverage expertise from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.   Because nuclear reactors are so expensive and so highly regulated,  designing first-of-a-kind reactors requires a blend of creative freedom  for engineers testing new designs but assurance of safety throughout  that process. DOE sites, particularly the DOE national laboratories,  can provide a unique environment that safely allows for this kind of  creative testing and development for advanced nuclear technology.   Finally, the bill lays out a clear timeline and statutory guidance  for DOE to complete a research reactor that will allow for materials  and fuels R&D to take place right here in the United States. Currently,  this type of research, which requires access to fast neutrons, is only  accessible for civilian use in Russia. While modeling and simulation  can accelerate R&D, this research must ultimately be validated through  a physical source. The versatile neutron source in this bill will  enable this vital research.   Last month, my bill, which contains funding for this important  research reactor, the Nuclear Energy Research Infrastructure Act,  passed this House unanimously. While we at the Science Committee have  been working hard on developing the infrastructure for nuclear research  and development, I am thankful Mr. Shimkus is finding a long-term  solution to our current challenges with spent nuclear waste. His bill  takes an important step forward in authorizing private and interim  storage of spent nuclear fuel, while still allowing the Federal  Government to responsibly develop a permanent repository for spent  nuclear fuel.   I applaud Mr. Shimkus and the Energy and Commerce Committee's  bipartisan effort to find a productive, constructive answer to this  pressing issue. Together, we will ensure that America's nuclear energy  continues to lead the world.   