 Madam President, I rise today to strongly support an  important nomination and also to tell you my position on the  legislation before the U.S. Senate right now, the one Senator Sasse has  just spoken eloquently about.   First, I strongly support the nomination of Minnesota's Supreme Court  Justice David Stras to serve as a circuit judge on the U.S. Circuit  Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Second, I strongly support the  passage of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. I will briefly  address both of these issues.   Over the next couple of days, the Senate will vote on whether to  invoke cloture and then confirm the nomination of Justice David Stras  to serve on the Eighth Circuit. Justice Stras is eminently qualified  and exceptionally bright. He has received praise and support from the  legal profession and across the political spectrum.   Justice Stras is the grandson of a Holocaust survivor. He graduated  No. 1 in his class from Kansas School of Law in 1999. He served as a  law clerk to two Federal circuit judges and to a Justice on the U.S.  Supreme Court. Justice Stras has served on the Minnesota Supreme Court  since his appointment in 2010. In 2012, he ran for a full 6-year term.  He handedly defeated his opponent, winning 56 percent of the vote.   Justice Stras has received wide bipartisan support from the Minnesota  legal community. He has taught law for many years at the University of  Minnesota. He also teaches law at the University of Iowa, which is in  my home State. Many of the faculty, including even liberal professors,  such as Professor Shelly Kurtz, strongly endorse Justice Stras's  nomination. His time in the private sector was spent at two highly  regarded law firms.   During his service on the Minnesota Supreme Court, Justice Stras has  participated in over 750 cases. As my colleague Senator Klobuchar  noted, Justice Stras's judicial record demonstrates that he is  impartial and apolitical in his writings. Justice Stras has sided with  the Minnesota Supreme Court majority 94 percent of the time. Justice  Stras has dissented one-third of the time with then-Justice Alan Page,  who was the first African-American justice in Minnesota and has a  record of being very liberal. Former Justice Page strongly endorses  Justice Stras's nomination to the Eighth Circuit, and four former  justices from all political stripes also endorsed Justice Stras's  nomination. This shows me that Justice Stras will not be a rubberstamp  for any political ideology. I am convinced Justice Stras will rule  fairly and impartially, finding and applying the law as written, not  legislating from the bench.    Justice Stras is a very accomplished and impressive nominee. He has a  long judicial record of impartiality. I strongly support his  nomination, and I urge all of my colleagues to do the same.   Madam President, I also come to the floor to urge my colleagues to  join me in supporting the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act.  This commonsense bill recognizes that the government has an interest in  protecting our children from the excruciating pain they are capable of  experiencing during late-term abortions. This is a bill many Americans,  including a majority of women, broadly support, and it is time we get  this bill passed.   As the Judiciary Committee chairman, I convened a hearing on this  bill in 2016. Three witnesses, including a  [[Page S541]]  Northwestern professor of pediatrics, a woman who survived a botched  abortion as a baby, and a former abortion provider, offered compelling  evidence in support of this very important legislation.   There is also the history of an Iowa boy, Micah Pickering, who is  living proof that we need to do more to protect unborn babies at this  stage of development. Micah and his parents visited me in Washington  last September. They told me that when Micah was born at 20 weeks  postfertilization, he received intensive care, including medication to  minimize his pain and discomfort. Babies like Micah, born in the fifth  month of pregnancy, are capable of feeling such pain. That is why it  has now become routine procedure to give premature infants anesthesia  for fetal surgeries.   How could anyone think these unborn babies would not experience the  same excruciating pain from abortions when premature babies like Micah,  from Iowa, are being born at the same stage of development and are  surviving late term?   Once again, I call upon my colleagues to support the passage of this  bill, entitled the ``Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act,'' and to  embrace at the same time the sanctity of an innocent human life.   I yield the floor.   