 Mr. Speaker, I really appreciate the comments of the  gentleman from California, as well as the gentlewoman from Guam. To  hear my community talked about so positively here on the floor of the  House is a source of pride for me and the many who have worked so many  years to have this moment come to fruition.   Today, the House of Representatives has the opportunity to grant long  overdue recognition to a historical site in Kansas City, Kansas, that  has its roots in our Nation's struggle for freedom and equality.   H.R. 5613, the Quindaro Townsite National Commemorative Site Act, is  my bill to confer an important new designation to a historic site that  has been, unfortunately, overlooked on the Federal level for too long.  By passing this legislation, we can take an important step toward  preserving our heritage and learning from our past.   The story of Quindaro is rooted in the same ideals and principles  that helped build our Nation and make it great today. At one time,  Quindaro was a boomtown, a central location in the Bleeding Kansas  conflict, a stop on the Underground Railroad, and a shining example of  integrated society in our country.   At its height in the years leading up to the Civil War, Quindaro was  a beacon of hope on the border between Kansas and Missouri, directly on  the front lines of the fight against slavery. The town was founded by  Free Soilers for the stated purpose of shepherding antislavery  activists and escaped slaves into Kansas. For many, Quindaro was a  gateway that led from oppression into freedom.   In 1861, the question of slavery in Kansas was finally decided, and  our great State was accepted into the Union as a free State. With its  purpose having been served, the town of Quindaro soon faded away.  However, families of freed slaves settled in the area, establishing the  roots of a community that continues to this very day.   This confluence of history, with Bleeding Kansas, the Underground  Railroad, and an enduring African American community, is a unique  combination that is rare in our country.   In spite of Quindaro's notable history, today, the ruins of the town  sit largely overlooked by those outside of the nearby community. The  first mention of an effort to preserve this historic site is found in a  local newspaper more than 90 years ago. Unfortunately, nine decades  have passed without much significant investment in the site.   Local stakeholders have worked hard to protect the site and preserve  its stories. I thank those who worked to elevate Quindaro. There are  many who deserve recognition for that work, but I would especially like  to thank Marvin Robinson, the Allen Chapel AME Church, the Western  University Association, the Wyandotte County Unified Government, and  the Freedom's Frontier National Heritage Area, as well as Taylor Huhn  in my office for his work to bring this bill to fruition.   I thank them for their years of dedication, for raising the historic  site to my attention, and for educating me on its importance to  community, State, and the Nation.   Today, we have an opportunity to bring meaningful Federal support to  the folks who have dedicated their lives to Quindaro. The national  commemorative site designation will be a crucial step toward spreading  the story of Quindaro beyond the city limits of Kansas City to people  around the Nation and will hopefully lead to their goal of becoming a  national historic landmark.   Quindaro's legacy of people who were willing to lay down their lives  in the name of freedom is the legacy of America. By preserving what  remains of this town, we take a small but meaningful step toward  preserving every good and noble thing that our great Nation stands for.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting our national heritage  and pass this valuable legislation.   