 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I intend to be giving a number of  speeches over the course of the next couple of weeks to comment on  various matters on which I have had the privilege of working.   I want to say, with regard to the election, that things turned out a  little differently than Grace and I had expected, but let me say that I  have been very, very blessed. That is because I have had the privilege  of serving the people of Florida and our country for most of my life,  and I don't think anyone could have been more honored by having a  lifetime of public service. I was not victorious in this race, but I  still wish to strongly reaffirm the cause for which we fought: A public  office is a public trust.   First, I want to say thanks to all who have rallied to our cause,  both here in the Senate and in Florida. You knocked on the doors, you  walked the precincts, you made the phone calls, and you contributed  your time and your resources. With an optimistic heart, I wish to say  something else: We may have been heavily outspent, but we were never  outworked.   To all Floridians, I say to you this, whether you voted for me or for  my opponent or you didn't vote at all: I ask that you never give up  this fight. A public office is a public trust, and there are a lot of  other things that fall under that category of public trust.   You must fight to protect the fundamental right to healthcare and  against any attempt to roll back our progress on things like  preexisting conditions. Most everybody has a preexisting condition. If  it is not required that an insurance company cover you, then either  your rate is prohibitively high or else you don't get coverage at all.  Out of the 20 million people in the State of Florida, 8 million people  have a preexisting condition.   You must continue the fight to preserve the natural wonders of our  State, from the Everglades to the pine forests and to the beaches and  the offshore waters. Say no to drilling off our coast--not one rig off  of our coastline--not only for the sake of our environment but for the  sake of our tourism economy and for the sake of the largest military  testing and training area for the U.S. military in the world right off  of our coast.   As a country, we need to continue to launch rockets and to explore  the heavens. I have seen the blue brilliance of the Earth from the edge  of the heavens, and I will fight on to save this planet, our homes, and  our cities from the spreading plague of greenhouse gases that infect  our atmosphere, play havoc with our weather, and risk the planet our  children and grandchildren will inherit.   Every single one of us needs to keep fighting to strengthen Social  Security and Medicare for the generations that are yet to come. It is  your Medicare. It is your Social Security. You pay into these programs.  They belong to you and not to the politicians who are plotting to rob  you of your retirement.   I will continue to fight on and on for the inalienable human rights  that are the soul and glory of the American experiment: civil rights,  women's rights, LGBT rights, and the sacred right to vote. We must end  all forms of voter suppression, make it easier for Americans to vote,  and honor the ideal that we are governed by the majority and not by  minority rule.   There are great decisions ahead that will shape the course and  character of America in the 21st century. Yes, I will continue to  fight--and to fight hard--for what is right. I will also encourage  others to seek common ground with their colleagues and the other side  of the aisle. Inevitably, at times that effort will fall short, but we  have to try. We have to move beyond a politics that aims not just to  defeat but to destroy, where truth is treated as disposable, where  falsehoods abound and the free press is assaulted as the enemy of the  people.   Whether an institution such as this Congress will be effective in the  future depends on whether the people who make up this institution can  get along, where we retreat from the tribalism that has captured  American politics and where men and women of good will can come  together. As the Good Book says, ``come now, and let us reason  together.''   There has been a gathering darkness in our politics in recent years.  My hope today can be found in the words of John F. Kennedy, who said  civility ``can guide us through that darkness to a safe and sane  future.''   Thank you all for the privilege of a lifetime of public service. God  bless you, and God bless our country.   I yield the floor.   