 Madam President, in addition to the nomination of the  Secretary of State, later today we are considering the nomination of  Richard Grenell to be our Ambassador to Germany. I opposed Mr.  Grenell's nomination in committee, and I will again oppose his  nomination today.   If confirmed, Mr. Grenell will assume the post at a time of strain in  the bilateral relationship since the election of President Trump, who  has disagreed with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on several key  issues.   Germany is one of our most critical partners and a key ally in  upholding the post-World War II order responsible for securing peace  and prosperity. Germany is a key NATO ally, serving with distinction  and sacrifice in Afghanistan. Germany also serves on the frontlines of  Europe against an aggressive Russia that is actively seeking to  destabilize German democracy in the same way it does American  democracy. Germany showed great humanity in accepting so many migrants  when that crisis escalated in 2015.   This is a close ally for our security but, more importantly, an ally  in championing the values we hold dear as a country. It would have been  my hope and desire that for such an important ally as Germany, the  President would have put forth a serious, credible, experienced  diplomat who could strengthen our relationship with Germany. Instead,  President Trump nominated Mr. Grenell.   In a few moments, I will read things that Mr. Grenell has tweeted in  the past and that he continues to tweet, even as his nomination has  been pending before this body. I do not savor having to read you these  tweets because, frankly, I don't think they are suitable to have to say  on the floor of the Senate.   But since the majority and the President have prioritized this  nominee and the vote will occur a little later, the American people  deserve to know exactly who the Trump administration wants to represent  the United States to our great friend and ally Germany. So I will read  a selection of Mr. Grenell's tweets for the Record:   ``Did you notice that while Michelle Obama is working out on the  Biggest Loser, she is sweating on the East Room's carpet?''   Rachel Maddow should ``take a breath and put on a necklace.''   He said this about Callista Gingrich: ``Callista stands there like  she is wife #1.''   He said in another quote: ``Do you think Callista's hair snaps on?''   This is just a selection--just a selection. I chose not to read some  that I consider the most insulting out of respect for this body.   These are not the words of a child or a teenager who does not  understand the power of words; these are the words of a grown adult who  had previously been a public face of the Bush administration for 8  years. Mr. Grenell's derogatory comments about women are simply  unacceptable for anyone to make in public, let alone a diplomat.   I would go further. Not only do these tweets show bad judgment, they  show us who Mr. Grenell really is and how comfortable he is publicly  contributing his own brand of toxic political discourse. Will he do  such things if he is confirmed and goes to Germany? Will he insult via  his Twitter account the female Chancellor of Germany? I don't know. I  hope not.   In the committee process of considering his nomination, Mr. Grenell  was asked about these tweets and other comments he has made. Do you  know what he said? He assured us that he understood there was a  difference between being a private citizen and being a public figure  and that he would never say or tweet such things as a public figure. So  imagine our surprise when Mr. Grenell started tweeting again after he  had been voted out of the committee. Astonishingly, he retweeted a  WikiLeaks tweet which included documents stolen by Russian  intelligence.   Madam President, the other nominee before us today, CIA Director Mike  Pompeo, has called WikiLeaks ``a non-state hostile intelligence  service.'' That is what CIA Director Mike Pompeo called WikiLeaks--``a  non-state hostile intelligence service.'' He went on to say about  WikiLeaks that it will ``take down America any way they can and find  any willing partner to achieve that end.''   Imagine that. Amidst all the controversy about the connection between  WikiLeaks and Russia and their interference in our 2016 election and  while under consideration for an ambassadorship by this body, Mr.  Grenell feels perfectly comfortable tweeting out emails stolen by  Russian intelligence to interfere in our democratic process--basically,  in essence, as Mike Pompeo describes, doing the work of Russian  intelligence.   These are not the actions of a person with anything close to good  judgment. These are not the actions of a diplomat. I urge my colleagues  to reject sending Mr. Grenell to Germany as a U.N. Ambassador.   With that, I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, we are about to vote on cloture on the  nomination for Secretary of State. I, once again, just to summarize,  express my opposition to Mike Pompeo serving as this Nation's top  diplomat.   As I said earlier this week in committee, I am genuinely disappointed  to be casting a vote against the Secretary of State nominee. I believe  the United States needs an effective leader on the global stage, but at  the end of the day, as I considered Director Pompeo's nomination,  including his hearing, his past statements, and recent revelations, I  have lingering concerns, which I outlined in detail yesterday on the  floor and will not go through in detail here again.   I do want to say, though, in listening to the remarks of some of my  colleagues this week, I was struck by how easily some characterize  legitimate concerns about a nominee as a purely partisan act. I was  struck by suggestions that somehow Democrats obstructed this  nomination.   Democrats on the Foreign Relations Committee agreed to every request  of the chairman in the process of considering this nomination. We held  hearings on the date the chairman requested. We held the business  meeting to vote on the nomination on the date the chairman requested.  We sent the nomination to the floor. Yesterday, we had an opportunity  to debate the nomination on the Senate floor, and today we will vote.  That is not obstruction. That is a fair and appropriate process--agreed  on in a cooperative manner.   Democrats have worked with Republicans in a constructive manner to  confirm a wide range of nominations. We voted for the President's  nominees for Cabinet members. Nikki Haley was confirmed as the U.N.  Ambassador, 96 to 4; John Kelly was confirmed as the Secretary of  Homeland Security, 88 to 11; and Deputy Secretary of State John  Sullivan was confirmed, 94 to 6. This body confirmed Secretary of  Defense Mattis by a vote of 98 to 1--98 to 1.   It seems Republicans complain about Democratic votes only when they  don't get what they want. I would say it is the President who is  politicizing many of these nominees by nominating people he must know  cannot draw broad bipartisan support. There are many qualified  candidates this President could have nominated for this critical  position, whom I am sure my colleagues and I--as well as others--would  have been happy to confirm.   Let me close by providing more actual facts. In the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee alone, we have sent 86 nominees to the Senate  floor, and 77 of them have been confirmed, mostly through unanimous  consent. It is the Trump administration that has failed to keep pace on  nominations. Of the 172 Senate-confirmed positions at the State  Department, our Embassies, and USAID, the Trump administration has not  nominated anyone to fill 76 of those vacancies. They include  ambassadorial vacancies left unfilled, which include critical countries  of great strategic importance like South Korea, Egypt, Jordan, Qatar,  Saudi Arabia, Sweden, South Africa, and Turkey.   The committee had agreed to hold a nomination hearing for three  nominees just this past week, when the administration asked that the  hearing be indefinitely postponed. Let us not forget that Republican  leadership can bring up any nominee on the floor at any time they  choose. This suggestion that not supporting a nominee you believe is  unqualified is a purely partisan act is ridiculous, based upon the  facts. What is partisan is to hold up a qualified nominee for Justice  to the Supreme Court, like Merrick Garland for 295 days, without a  hearing or even a vote. So please save me the sanctimonious voices of  this question of partisanship.   It is the article I right of this body to vet nominees and cast the  vote they think is correct. I believe strongly that the Congress plays  a vital role in the check and balance of any executive branch, and I  believe that regardless of who is sitting in the White House. That is  what article I is all about.   I close simply by saying, we will continue working to advance those  nominees who are qualified. We will continue to work with the chairman,  as we have, and we will support those nominees who truly are qualified.  Even if we do not agree, we certainly want to be of support in the  mission to make sure America is safe and secure.   I yield the floor.   