 Mr. President, I appreciate the remarks made by the  Senator from Texas. Indeed, I think we have a career intelligence  officer who, over three decades, has performed commendable service for  this country. I  [[Page S2609]]  will be meeting with her next week. I have a number of questions, and  after meeting with her, I will make my decision.   I thank the Senator from Texas, as I have thanked many on the  Intelligence Committee from whom I have sought opinions while reading  all the relevant documents.    Mr. President, it is our duty to ensure that folks--our  folks, the people in our States--have access to care without having to  go into debt to obtain that care. The State of Florida is attempting to  take that away. In doing so, it is attempting to wipe out many  families' pocketbooks and increase the strain on the healthcare  providers--the doctors, the nurses, the hospitals--and all Florida  taxpayers, who ultimately, on uncompensated care, are the ones who pick  up the bill.   The State of Florida claims that this proposal will ``enhance fiscal  predictability.'' That begs the question: For whom? If the State really  wanted to secure greater financial security, it would expand Medicaid  and accept the $66 billion of our Florida financial taxpayer money  sitting on the shelf,  [[Page S2610]]  which Floridians have already paid for with their tax dollars, and  provide healthcare for up to 800,000 Floridians who don't have it now.   Perhaps what is even more troubling is that the letter accompanying  the State of Florida's request stated that the agency--get this--``was  not aware of any concern or opposition raised by any member of either  party regarding this provision during extensive budget debate.'' So now  not only is the State of Florida trying to harm thousands of  Floridians, including many of our seniors and veterans--by the way,  veterans are on the Medicaid Program as well. Don't forget that. All  veterans are not taken care of under only the Veterans' Administration;  there are a lot of veterans on Medicaid.   So the State is trying to harm these people, and I wonder now, in  that letter that I just quoted from, if the State is misleading the  Federal agency CMS in trying to get their waiver approved to cut the 90  days down to 30 days. Indeed, members of the Florida State Senate, the  legislature, raised innumerable concerns and objections to the  provision. Most recently, the Florida Senate minority leader called out  the Governor's administration for the misleading claims.   Instead of making it harder to gain coverage, we ought to be focusing  on getting our uninsured neighbors quality and affordable health  coverage and reducing uninsured, uncompensated costs. We need to do  what is good for the people of Florida.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   