 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the motion  to instruct, but also to call for the inclusion of one specific  improvement to the Labor-HHS appropriations bill that makes it clear  that taxpayer money cannot be spent to arm teachers.   Two weeks ago, news reports revealed the Department of Education was  considering allowing States to use Federal education funding to  purchase firearms and firearms training for teachers. The Department  has since confirmed those reports.   Last week, I was joined by 172 Members of the House to call on  Secretary DeVos to issue formal guidance prohibiting the use of  taxpayer money to put guns in classrooms. In response, the Secretary  said she has no intention of taking any action on this issue.   In refusing to act, the Secretary is setting a new and dangerous  policy. That is, the Secretary is allowing funding provided under Title  IV-A of the Every Student Succeeds Act to be used to arm teachers. This  move by the Secretary is unprecedented, as Federal funding has never  been allowed for this purpose.   Secretary DeVos has pointed the finger at Congress and expressly  called on us to clarify our intent, but congressional intent is already  clear. Under the law, the Student Support and Academic Enrichment Grant  Program authorized under Title IV-A affords local leaders the  flexibility to tailor investments to meet local needs. It was designed  to support a wide range of programs to help schools create a better  learning environment by expanding students' access to important  services like mental healthcare, art, and STEM classes, and new  technology that better prepares students for the future.   However, when writing and enacting the law, Congress never  contemplated such flexibility allowing the purchase of firearms. In  fact, Congress denounced the presence of firearms in schools in a  section in ESEA that promotes programs that foster ``the creation and  maintenance of a school environment free of weapons.''   Mr. Speaker, Congress' opposition to taxpayer-funded guns in schools  was reiterated in the STOP School Violence Act, which the House passed  last March in the aftermath of the Parkland, Florida, shooting. This  legislation, which passed 407-10, explicitly prohibits the program  funds from being used for the purchase of firearms or firearms  training. Even the Department of Homeland Security under Secretary  Nielsen has acted through executive authority to prohibit grant funds  specifically intended for school security from being used to purchase  guns.    Secretary DeVos has both the authority and the responsibility to  follow legal precedent, congressional intent,  [[Page H7805]]  as well as common sense about gun violence by prohibiting taxpayer- funded guns in schools. But seeing as the Secretary is shirking that  responsibility, Congress must take immediate action to protect students  and teachers from a policy that will recklessly endanger students and  teachers.   The final version of the Labor-HHS appropriations bill must make  clear that no taxpayer money can be used to arm teachers. This has not  been a partisan issue in the past and should not be a partisan issue  today.   