 Mr. Speaker, the reason we have a big deficit is  not due to a lack of tax revenue; it is due to the fact that Congress  spends too much money.   Now, let me repeat that. The deficit and the debt are not caused by a  lack of tax revenue. It is because there is too much money that is  authorized and spent right here in the Congress of the United States.   This proposed constitutional amendment will give us the discipline  that we have not had, as we have sat and watched the deficit go up and  up and up and up and away. It is the responsibility of Presidents of  both political parties that this has happened, and maybe it is time for  us to tell colleagues now and in the future and Presidents now and in  the future that the time to put things on the cuff is at an end.   I would say that doing what we have done, which means spending money  on ourselves and sending the bill plus interest to the next  generations, is bad economics. But it is also immoral.   Now, I have a grandson who is a little bit more than a year old, and  unless Congress stops doing this, he is going to end up having a debt  that will boggle the mind that he and his contemporaries are going to  have difficulty meeting.   So what do we need to do?   Number one, we need to stop passing bloated omnibus bills. I voted  ``no'' proudly on the omnibus bill, which busted the budget and added  to the debt.   We need to start getting honest about the fact that entitlement  programs are spiraling out of control. And that doesn't mean cutting  entitlement programs for existing people; it means slowing down their  growth rate.   But that is something that nice people aren't supposed to talk about,  particularly here in Congress. But it is something that is necessary if  those entitlement programs are going to be worth anything for future  generations when they may need them rather than dealing with the  present generation.   Now, I know we can all count up votes, and people vote now and we are  not going to be running in the future. But the time has come to think  about the future, and that is why this constitutional amendment ought  to be passed.   Congress can't discipline itself. The only thing that can discipline  us is saying what Congress can't do in the United States Constitution,  just like the First and Second Amendments.   