 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the following  amendments be called up en bloc: amendments Nos. 2289, 2295, 2300,  2322, 2365, 2440, 2441, 2464, 2486, 2509, 2544, 2550, 2579, 2587, 2589,  2598, 2600, 2611, 2617, 2623, 2633, 2634, 2653, 2654, 2686, 2691, 2695,  2721, 2723, 2729, 2737, 2742, 2755, 2758, 2768, 2794, 2799, 2800, 2810,  2815, 2818, 2830, 2862, 2863, and 2887. I further ask consent that  these amendments be considered en bloc; that it be in order for the Lee  amendment No. 2366 to be called up, and that there be up to an hour of  debate on the amendments to run concurrently, and that following the  use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the en bloc  amendments and the Lee amendment.    Madam President, I appreciate the efforts made by my friend  and distinguished colleague, the Senator from South Carolina. I wish to  speak concerning the purpose for my making this request. I do so with  great respect for this body, for its customs, its traditions, its  rules, and for each of its Members.   At the same time, it is imperative that we point out what is  happening. We have a bill--one of the most consequential pieces of  legislation we vote on each year--the National Defense Authorization  Act. We have been effectively shut out of a meaningful amendment  process, one that has historically marked this body as one of its  distinguishing characteristics; one that has historically helped this  body to refer to itself as the world's greatest deliberative  legislative body.   We have tested that in recent months and years as Members have  started objecting with increasing frequency to  [[Page S3941]]  anyone getting a vote on any amendment they don't like, that they  object to. The amendment at issue is based on a bipartisan piece of  legislation called the Due Process Guarantee Act. I am the lead  sponsor, along with my lead cosponsor, the senior Senator from  California, Mrs. Feinstein.   The purpose of this amendment is simple. It is to make sure the U.S.  Government has no authority and claims no authority to indefinitely  detain U.S. citizens apprehended on U.S. soil. Most people listening to  this--anyone listening to it--would think, why on Earth would we need  legislation stating something so obvious? The fact is, we shouldn't.   It is the inexorable command of the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth  Amendments, not to mention other statutory and constitutional  protections, that the indefinite detention without charge, without  trial, without access to a jury, without access to counsel--these kinds  of things are anathema to our way of life, to our constitutional system  of laws.   Why then do we need this amendment? Well, about 7 years ago, toward  the end of 2011, when Congress was considering, then ultimately passed,  the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012, Congress  included in that legislation a provision, section 2021 of that bill,  that purported to give the U.S. Government that authority in certain  circumstances.   In other words, there were circumstances based on the accusations  against you, as an American citizen, that you could be apprehended on  U.S. soil and held indefinitely without charge or trial. This violates  everything we know about our system of government. It violates  everything we know about the laws of any decent nation--any nation that  recognizes the fundamental, essentially eternal dignity of the human  soul. This is not something we do in the United States.   I raised objections to it at the time. I tried to fix it at the time.  It didn't happen. The following year, late in 2012, when we were  addressing the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013,  toward the end of 2012, I introduced an amendment that is substantially  identical to the one I am trying to seek a vote on today. It passed by  a bipartisan supermajority vote. There were 67 Members who voted for  this. That is more than a majority; more than the three-fifths it  needed to close debate. In fact, it is equal to the sum required when  you are proposing a constitutional amendment out of this body or trying  to override a Presidential veto. That is what we had.   For reasons that escape me, that provision was removed in the  Conference Committee when the Conference Committee was trying to  recognize competing House and Senate versions of the bill. In the  subsequent 6 years, I tried repeatedly to get a vote on this amendment  again, recognizing that it passed overwhelmingly and that it was  inexplicably removed from the bill during the Conference Committee.  Promise after promise has been made to help me get a vote on that  amendment, which ever since hasn't panned out.   We have an opportunity to consider it here. Yesterday, something  interesting happened. Yesterday, there was a motion to table this  amendment. In other words, there were some Members of this body who  didn't want to consider it at all so they made a motion to table. When  you table something in the Senate, you are setting it aside, setting it  on the table, saying: We are not going to address that. Do you know  what happened? There were 68 people who voted against that motion to  table. In other words, 68 people voted that we should have a vote on  this amendment. That is more than a majority, more than the three- fifths or 60 needed to close debate. That is more than the threshold  required to propose a constitutional amendment or override a  Presidential veto.   Why then are we not discussing this? Why are we not voting on it so  we have a number of amendments? You may have heard me reciting a series  of about three dozen four-digit numbers, each referring to a separate  amendment being proposed for a so-called managers' package.   If we are going to further amend this bill, we need to consider those  with a vote, and we need a vote on my amendment. Yesterday, 68 Members  of this body agreed that we should be considering this.   Ask any American you know--your friends, your neighbors, I don't care  what State they live in, what party they identify with, where they go  to church or synagogue, whether they are believers in God, regardless  of their background, their socioeconomic status, what they do for a  living--you ask people from almost any background, and I can almost  guarantee you they are going to call this a no-brainer.   Why would we not want to remove a pernicious provision from a piece  of Federal law that passed a few years ago, purporting to authorize the  Federal Government to indefinitely detain U.S. citizens, without charge  or trial or jury or counsel, based merely on the nature of the  allegations against them? This is wrong, and the wrongness of that  provision, which could be corrected by my amendment, is compounded  still by the refusal of this body, by the refusal of 1 Member of this  body, 1 Member out of 100, to allow us to get a vote on this. We must  vote on this.   If we are going to lay claim to any type of status as the world's  greatest deliberative legislative body, we have to start voting on  amendments again. We have steadily, sadly, tragically relinquished that  right by acquiescence.   As of today, I say no more. It has to stop. Let us vote on this. We  will continue to push this. The laws of the United States and the  principles that govern the behavior of decent people everywhere dictate  we should correct this error in the law.   I implore my colleagues, I implore my distinguished colleague, the  senior Senator from South Carolina, let us vote on this amendment.   Thank you.   