 Madam President, I oppose the nomination of Andrew Oldham  to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.   Mr. Oldham is only 39 years old. He checks the Federalist Society  box, having been a member since law school of that rightwing legal  group that vets all of President Trump's nominees. Mr. Oldham has spent  much of his career litigating on behalf of Republican elected officials  in Texas State government, where he worked on challenges to the  Affordable Care Act, the DACA and DAPA programs, the Voting Rights Act,  Fair Housing Act regulations, ``Ban the Box'' regulations on job  applications, and Clean Air Act regulations, among many others.   Mr. Oldham's extreme ideology is apparent from statements he has made  in his personal capacity. At his nomination hearing, he refused to say  that the landmark Supreme Court case Brown v. Board of Education was  correctly decided. That was an astonishing moment. Every Supreme Court  nominee who has been asked this question has said he or she believed  Brown v. Board was correctly decided. In recent hearings before the  Judiciary Committee, nominees have answered yes to this question  without hesitation; yet Mr. Oldham wouldn't answer.   If a nominee refuses to say that Brown v. Board was correctly  decided, it certainly raises questions in my mind about the nominee's  judgment, but that is not all Mr. Oldham has said.   At his hearing, he refused to say whether he agreed that voter  discrimination still exists in the United States.   He gave an interview in 2016 where he described the Supreme Court as  ``the most dangerous branch'' and said ``they often fail to enforce our  sacred rights that are in the Constitution, while creating rights that  are not.'' Keep in mind, this is a Supreme Court where the majority of  justices were appointed by Republican Presidents.   He gave a speech to the Federalist Society in 2016 where he said, ``I  have particular things that I think are illegitimate in the way that we  conduct modern American law.'' He went on to say, ``It's not that I  disagree with a particular Department of Labor regulation or a  particular IRS regulation; it is the entire existence of this edifice  of administrative law that is constitutionally suspect.''   He also wrote in a law review article that ``the Sherman Act, as it  is currently understood, is unconstitutional.'' The Sherman Act is one  of our foundational antitrust laws; it prohibits monopolies and  restraints of trade.   Mr. Oldham's views are clearly outside the judicial mainstream. His  own words and writings show an extreme ideological agenda.   Of course, like all of President Trump's nominees, he has promised he  would cast all his views aside if confirmed and simply follow the law.  But time after time, we have seen these nominees get confirmed to the  bench and then start interpreting the law to produce outcomes that  align with their preexisting, Federalist Society-approved views and  side with corporations and wealthy elites over working Americans.   Mr. Oldham is ideologically extreme, he has shown instances of  terrible judgment, and he has said things that would make litigants  question whether he could be a fair and impartial judge. I oppose his  nomination.    Will the Senator from Hawaii yield?    Mr. President, I would like to thank the Senator from  Hawaii for joining in this statement about the agency of ICE, which is  in the Department of Homeland Security.   There are certain things that I think Democrats and Republicans can  come together to agree on. Let me tell you what I think they are.  Border security--the United States needs security at its borders. There  is no question about that, whoever the President may be.   The second thing we agree on is, nobody who is dangerous should be  allowed to come to this country. Anyone  [[Page S5046]]  here who is undocumented and dangerous should leave, should be removed.  We all agree on that, do we not?   The third thing, which 68 Senators agreed on, is comprehensive  immigration reform. Our immigration laws are a mess--an absolute mess.  That is why we continue to debate the topic, and 68 of us came to vote  on a bipartisan measure 5 years ago to fix the whole system. It passed  the Senate and died in the House.   Where are we today? We are here today debating on the floor the  future of ICE. There are parts of the function and responsibility of  this agency of ICE that all of us would agree on. ICE has important  responsibilities combating serious criminal activities, like smuggling,  bulk cash, drugs, weapons, human trafficking, violent criminals and  others who would do us harm, and enforcing immigration laws against  terrorists. There is no argument about that. But what has become  controversial is the Trump administration's new immigration policy.   You see, we don't have the resources to deport 11 million  undocumented people nor do we have the resources to arrest all who  present themselves at the border. What this administration has done,  though, is say that they are going to criminalize--charge as  criminals--everyone who shows up at the border. By doing that, they  take limited resources and focus them on a mass of people, most of whom  are no threat at all to the United States, instead of focusing their  resources on the drug smugglers, the traffickers, the would-be  terrorists. Those are our priorities for the safety of our homes, our  families, and our communities, are they not?   Here we have this resolution that was brought to the floor to commend  ICE in all its functions. I can just tell you, I don't join in that  resolution. I specifically don't join in it when it comes to the  President's zero tolerance policy.   It became the policy of the Trump administration and the U.S.  Government to forcibly remove 3,000 children from their parents. That  is bad enough, is it not? The notion that you take a baby out of the  arms of a mother--a toddler, an infant--separate a young child--we did  it under President Trump's zero tolerance policy.   Now let me state what added insult to that injury. At that point,  there was no effort made to make certain we could reunite the parents  with the children. Time and again, we would meet downstairs for a  briefing from ICE and other agencies, and they would tell us: We don't  know where the parents are. We really don't know where the kids are. We  are going to have to go looking.   Imagine separating up to 3,000 children from their parents, and the  U.S. Government did not keep a record of what happened to those kids.  Ship something by UPS--they give you a tracking number. Go online, and  you can track that package wherever it may be. Order a pizza from  Domino's. Call them after 15 minutes and ask: Where is the pizza? They  will tell you. Check your coat at a restaurant before you go to the  table. When you come back and hand them that little piece of paper,  they give you your coat. It is pretty simple, is it not? But when it  came to children and families, this agency, ICE, along with other  agencies of this government, lost them. In one agency in Chicago, they  told me that the search for the parents of the little kids they had was  like a scavenger hunt. They just started calling right and left to try  to figure out where the parent might be.   Yesterday, we had a briefing, and finally these agencies came up with  some numbers. There are 2,550 children still in our custody who are not  reunited with their families; 1,800 parents we haven't linked up with  their children. And we want to put a resolution on the floor to commend  this activity--to praise them for their great work? Not me.   They do good work in a lot of important areas, and I will be happy to  join in that chorus. But we stand here and ignore the obvious--that  this zero tolerance policy has given our Nation a black eye, has raised  questions about our values as Americans, has created situations we  cannot morally defend, such as separating children from their mothers.   Do you know what the American Academy of Pediatrics tells us? The  doctors tell us it is an institutional form of child abuse to remove  these children.   I have seen them, these poor kids, 5 and 6 years old in these  settings. The place I visited in Chicago was doing its best to help the  children, but two little girls walked into the room where I was  sitting. They were holding hands--cute little kids. It was my  opportunity to meet about 10 or 12 kids who were separated from their  parents under the zero tolerance policy.   These two little girls were holding hands, and I thought they were  sisters. We asked in Spanish. ``No, amigas,'' she said. They had become  friends to one another.   It turns out that the one who was 5 years old was from Guatemala and  the one who was 6 years old was from Chiapas, Mexico. They were holding  on to one another. All they had was one another because our government  had separated them from their mothers.   Now this agency is struggling to find these mothers. In some  circumstances, they cannot even link up the children with their  parents.   No, I am not going to join in a resolution of congratulations for the  work they have done. Many of the things they have done have been  courageous and important for the security of this country, but when it  comes to the zero tolerance policy, it is not.   I do want to make one last point. Listen to what the top agents at  ICE's Homeland Security Investigations agency, which focuses on serious  transnational criminal activity, had to say. Last month, a majority of  the agents focusing on transnational criminal activity wrote a letter  to the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, Kirstjen  Nielsen, asking that Homeland Security Investigations be removed from  ICE because of ``the political nature of civil immigration  enforcement.''   These are men and women who are focusing on serious crimes, and they  asked to be removed from ICE. They are tired of the politics. I am  weary of it as well.   We need to start solving these problems--border security, dangerous  people kept out of this country and removed, comprehensive immigration  reform. And for goodness' sake, reunite these children with their  parents.   I yield the floor.   