 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to address the  Senate as in morning business.    Mr. President, on Tuesday of this week, I regained my  previous held seat on the Senate Banking  [[Page S146]]  Committee, a committee I served on from 2011 until the beginning of  this Congress. While this committee sometimes flies under the radar for  many Americans, the oversight it conducts and the issues it considers  under its substantial jurisdiction are of great consequence to America  and to the American people.   The owners and employees of banking institutions have experienced  success when their communities experience success. What I am saying is,  how we lend money matters to every kind of person every day. So what we  have experienced across Kansas, in many instances, is difficulty and  really hard times.   I want to talk about community. Community financial institutions are  of great importance to the folks I represent in Kansas. What I want to  do, in part, with my opportunity to serve on the Banking Committee is  to make sure those financial institutions have a regulatory environment  in which they can benefit their communities and benefit the citizens  who live there.   Communities in Kansas are losing their hometown banks to  consolidation and sales, and some of these banks that are moving in  that direction have been family owned for generations. In order to  better understand why these lenders are consolidating or selling, I  have sought out the nature of this decline by speaking with financial  leaders from across the country. The overwhelming response I received  is that the costs associated with complying with new Federal  regulations are simply too much to absorb in their business model.   In the aftermath of our country's significant financial downturn, a  new regulatory framework was put in place to rein in those bad actors  and punish bad behavior that led us down that path in 2007 and 2008. We  have had more than 7 years to determine what the effects are of this  new regulatory environment--Dodd-Frank--and what it has meant to our  community banks and our community financial institutions. The most  glaring aspect of these new regulations is the disproportionate burden  placed upon those smaller institutions seeking to comply with their new  responsibilities.   Rather than extending credit to best fit the needs of their  customers, banks are exiting entire lines of business because the  penalties for making a mistake far outweigh the economic benefits  derived from extending a loan. I experienced this damaging news and  reality during the Senate Banking Committee's consideration of  legislation to reform the secondary mortgage markets in 2014. I was  attempting to solicit feedback from Kansas lenders of the financial  impact some of these proposed changes would have on their communities,  and what I learned, unfortunately, was this: ``Jerry, we don't make  home loans anymore.'' When pressed for a reason, they responded it just  didn't make business sense for them to do that any longer due to the  increased Federal regulators' crackdown on mortgage lending.   As a member of the Senate who cares deeply about rural America and  the special way of life we enjoy in Kansas, this is a very damaging  occurrence. If a community banker determines they can no longer extend  credit to what would have otherwise been a creditworthy borrower  because of the fear of making a mistake and the repercussions that  follow, then they decide not to make the loan at all and not even to be  in the business. What community would expect their financial  institutions in their community to refuse to make a home loan? It is  the American dream.   While community banks had been consolidating for a number of years  due to shifting demographics and market conditions, we cannot nor  should we attempt to discount the role the post-Dodd-Frank regulatory  environment has played in the acceleration of the harming of our  community banking structure.   I am not opposed to regulations, and neither are the community  bankers working to serve their communities, but there has to be  prioritization on the part of Congress to create an environment where  local lenders can succeed because the success of these institutions  means the success of their communities and the people who live there.   During the fall of 2015, I worked alongside a number of committee  colleagues--both Republicans and Democrats--to see if we could bridge  the divide and bring relief to our community lenders across the  country. While these efforts did not then produce a result, these  discussions demonstrated that the issues facing the financial service  world need not be partisan, and they sowed the seeds for what has now  resulted in legislation moving its way through the legislative process  today.   I am happy to support S. 2155, the Economic Growth, Regulatory  Relief, and Consumer Protection Act recently reported out of the  Banking Committee on a bipartisan vote. Many of the provisions in this  bill originated in legislation I have promoted since I came to the  Senate, first as the Communities First Act, and most recently as the  CLEAR Relief Act. While this legislation will not solve every issue  that needs to be solved, it is meaningful progress that will make a  difference.   It is Congress's responsibility to ensure that economic growth is not  needlessly impeded, and it is our duty to ensure that economic  opportunities flourish and that Americans have access to the tools  necessary to pursue the American dream.   The Banking Committee can and will play an important role in  providing these tools, and I feel fortunate to have the opportunity to  lend the voice of Kansans to that effort. I look forward to working  with the chairman, Mike Crapo, the Senator from Idaho, and the ranking  member, Sherrod Brown from Ohio, as we work together to make sure good  things happen in Kansas and across the country.   Again, I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Banking  Committee and on the Senate floor to see that all Americans have the  opportunity to have access to credit so we can continue to pursue  growing economic opportunities for all Americans to keep the American  dream alive and well.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   