 Mr. President, last month I had the pleasure of spending  a lot of time with several mayors and local leaders who were in  Washington with the Arkansas Municipal League. We had a lively and  informative discussion on ways to continue the economic growth that has  been taking place throughout Arkansas.   While much of our conversation was focused on forward-thinking ways  to continue these positive trends, there was also a very frank and  candid discussion about an issue that is currently holding our  communities back--the opioid crisis.   Policymakers across our State have been struggling to help confront  Arkansas's heroin and opioid epidemic. The Natural State has been hit  particularly hard by this national crisis. Retail data collected from  pharmacies shows that Arkansas has one of the highest per capita opioid  consumption rates in the Nation. CDC data shows that we have the second  highest prescribing rate in the country--enough for each Arkansan to  have more than one opioid prescription in his or her name.   It is an issue that all of us--from city leaders to lawmakers in  Little Rock, to our Congressional delegation in Washington--continue to  work tirelessly to confront because we have seen how pervasive this  crisis is and how devastating its effects are.   I know that everyone who serves in this Chamber is working just as  feverishly with their State and local leaders to confront the crisis.  That is why it is so important that we included substantial resources  for a wide-ranging strategy to counter the epidemic, nearly $4 billion,  in the omnibus bill.   This funding will be used to provide additional resources for law  enforcement and to continue important grant programs that help State  and local governments offset the cost of opioid abuse. It will also  support research into opioid addiction and alternative treatments.   We must ensure that we are doing all we can to supplement State and  local efforts to combat the spread of opioid abuse. Unfortunately, this  is not currently happening. The Department of Justice is hurting our  communities' efforts to get a handle on the crisis by withholding  critical funds.   The Byrne JAG grant program was created more than a decade ago to  help States and local law enforcement agencies purchase essential  equipment and support drug treatment and enforcement activities. It is  the largest source of Federal justice funding to help provide law  enforcement officers with the tools and training to protect our  communities.   Currently, DOJ is denying every State access to those funds because  some communities and States are violating Federal immigration law. This  leaves States like Arkansas scrambling to continue funding crucial  safety programs.   Arkansas law enforcement agencies have received millions of dollars  through this program to support training, personnel, equipment,  supplies, and information sharing. Arkansas is eligible for more than  $2 million in funding from fiscal year 2017 to help fund  multijurisdictional programs like drug task forces.   Earlier this year, I met with Arkansas drug director Kirk Lane to  discuss how crucial the Byrne JAG program is to our State's efforts to  combat opioid abuse. Director Lane stressed that limited funds threaten  the abilities of task forces to accomplish their missions.   Matching funds from the State are running dry. So unless DOJ releases  Byrne JAG funds, the critical work done by officers who are part of  these task forces to fight the opioid epidemic will be seriously  compromised. That is why earlier this year I led a bipartisan effort to  express these concerns to Attorney General Sessions. Half a dozen  [[Page S2464]]  of our colleagues joined me in an effort to relay to the Attorney  General that withholding these vital funds will have long-term negative  consequences for our communities.   Since we have not received a response from DOJ, I raised the issue  again with the Attorney General at yesterday's Appropriations  subcommittee hearing. As I said to the Attorney General, when I speak  with local law enforcement and county sheriffs back in Arkansas, they  all inquire about when these funds will be released and made available.   While it may not seem like a whole lot of money, Byrne JAG grants  make a huge difference. It is often the sole reason police departments  in small communities are able to stand up a drug task force. I was  encouraged by the Attorney General's response that the Department is  determined to get the money out and that it is a high priority for him  personally. It simply has to get done. I urge DOJ to rectify this  situation quickly. With each passing day that local law enforcement is  being denied these resources, lives that could be saved are lost.   While we look for new ways to tackle this problem, one step  Washington took years ago continues to help. The National Prescription  Drug Take Back Day initiative, spearheaded by the DEA, has helped  remove expired, unused, and unnecessary opioids from homes.   Research has found that the majority of opioid abusers get their  drugs from friends and family, often lifting pills from a familiar  medicine cabinet. Removing them from homes helps to reduce  experimentation and overdoses.   In early 2010, a coalition of Federal and State law enforcement  officials, prevention professionals, and private organizations launched  an ongoing education program to encourage Arkansans to monitor, secure,  and dispose of their prescription medications. The coalition organized  Arkansas's participation in the DEA's National Prescription Take Back  Day initiative and has hosted Arkansas Take Back Day collection events  for the last 8 years.   Despite our State's modest population, Arkansas ranks 13th in the  Nation in total weight collected over the course of 14 statewide take- back events. That is a testament to the coalition's efforts. These  events have produced the return of almost 132 tons of unneeded  medications, which amounts to over 400 million pills.   This campaign is clearly succeeding in getting unnecessary  prescription drugs out of circulation and in helping to break the cycle  of addiction in our communities. Besides that, it is so important in  getting rid of these prescriptions in the right way, as opposed to just  flushing them in the toilet where they get in our water supply.   The next take-back event is Saturday, April 28. There are more than  130 permanent dropoff sites across Arkansas, and many law enforcement  agencies host temporary dropoff sites on this day as well. I encourage  Arkansans to once again participate in this worthwhile event in full  force this year.   Programs like the prescription drug take-back, in combination with  local, State, and national efforts to combat the opioid crisis and help  stem the tide of drug overdose and abuse, need to be supported and  strengthened if we are serious about ending this crisis.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Alexandra  Webb, an intern in the office of Senator Sullivan, be granted floor  privileges for the remainder of the day.   