 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Takano for yielding. I  appreciate his commitment to improving the lives of veterans, their  families, and the communities. The Reserve Component Vocational  Rehabilitation Parity Act, my bill before the House today, aims to  continue investing in veterans, specifically those still fighting for  our Nation.   Our veterans have served our country, and it is our duty to make sure  they can access the resources that they have earned. Many guardsmen and  reservists have realized that they didn't qualify for all their  benefits after the Department of Defense began using their new  authority created to call up Reserve components for involuntary  service. This new authority unintentionally excluded these reservists.   Thankfully, Ranking Member Walz and Mr. Palazzo took the lead to fix  several of these inconsistencies. We passed a few of these fixes in the  Forever GI Bill last year. This week, we are also passing other bills  to make sure benefits are properly extended.   One unresolved issue, though, was access to vocational  rehabilitation. This VA program provides access to education and  critical job training that helps servicemembers and veterans develop  their career plan after service.   Vocational rehab helps veterans determine transferable skills that  will lead to good jobs and what additional skills they need to fulfill  their career goals.   Upon separation, a veteran must use his or her vocational rehab  benefits within 12 years. Any months or years spent deployed should not  count against this time clock.   Currently, two reservists serving side by side in Active Duty may not  have access to the same vocational rehab benefits just because of the  authority under which they have been mobilized. Additionally,  reservists involuntarily called up may be leaving their family or a  civilian job without notice, compared to a reservist who volunteered.   In both cases, these guardsmen and reservists served honorably in  missions to support combat zones. They have earned the same employment  and education benefits as every other reservist throughout their  service.   My bill, the Reserve Component Vocational Rehabilitation Parity Act,  ensures that reservists and guardsmen have access to the full 12 years  of vocational rehab benefits by pausing the clock during their service.   I am happy to have received the support of the National Guard  Association of the United States and the Reserve Officers Association  in this effort.   I urge Congress to pass this bill so that all of our veterans can  access the education benefits they earned.   Mr. Speaker, I thank General Bergman, who joined me to introduce this  bill, and seven of our committee colleagues who cosponsored the bill,  as Mr. Takano said. I also thank Chairman Roe, a wonderful chairman;  Ranking Member Walz; and the Veterans' Affairs Committee staff for  their steadfast work to support our Nation's veterans.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their strong support of the  bill, and I urge its passage.   