 Madam President, I can say with great confidence that  Nevada and the Senate and the country are better for Dean Heller's  service to our Nation. We know Dean is a smart guy. He is so smart that  when I was chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee in  2010 and was trying to get him to run for the U.S. Senate, he declined  to do so, only to then run in 2012 and, obviously, he succeeded.   I know there are many others who would like to speak and pay tribute  to Dean, and I won't take but a moment.   Of course, one of the things I remember most about Senator Heller is  his optimism. I also particularly appreciate his comment about things  he has done to help ordinary Nevadans that do not involve major pieces  of legislation. He certainly played a part in major legislation like  the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, but Dean's efforts to also pass legislation  like the SAFER Act, which helps our law enforcement agencies reduce the  rape kit backlog--Dean's efforts on the Federal level, coupled with  State level reforms, played a role in making it possible for nearly  8,000 untested sexual assault kits in Nevada to be sent to labs for  testing.   Dean's commitment to our veterans led to his bill, the Veterans  Urgent Access to Mental Healthcare Act.   I appreciate his reminding us that sometimes the most important work  we do is what we call casework. When veterans come to us and say ``I am  not getting access to the healthcare that I have earned by virtue of my  military service'' or when a senior says ``I am not getting my Social  Security benefits'' or sometimes when people contact us and say ``I  have relatives who can't enter the country because they can't get a  visa''--these are the kinds of things that people will never forget.  They are the sorts of acts of individual kindness and generosity that,  with a true attitude of public service, people will never forget.  Sometimes these efforts amount to some of the most meaningful work that  we can do and that our staff can do.   So I have every confidence that we will see and hear a lot more from  Dean and Lynne, no matter what they do. It is clear to me that Dean has  his priorities right: family first, faith, and then service to our  country.   Dean, we are going to miss you, but we look forward to staying in  touch with you and Lynne, as friends do, and we wish you all the luck.  Given your talent for working on cars, which is one of the things I  think is particularly noteworthy, you will be my first call if I need  my transmission fixed.   I yield the floor.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Tillis).    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all future  votes in the series be 10 minutes in length.    Mr. President, the joint resolution before us today will  impact U.S. operations with allies beyond the Saudi-led coalition; it  will affect our relationships with allies beyond the Saudi-led  coalition against Houthi forces in Yemen, which is literally a proxy  battle against Iran.   Members of this Chamber assert that this resolution is confined to  Yemen and sends a strong message to Saudi Arabia. I disagree with that.  This resolution also sends a message to our allies that question the  reliability of the United States as a partner. It brings into question  valuable U.S. intelligence-sharing operations around the globe,  including with Israel and other regional allies, like Jordan, Japan,  South Korea, and NATO.   Further, it risks emboldening Iran and global adversaries who intend  to fill the voids left by our absence. Russia and China have been  actively expanding their presence in the region and will see this as an  opportunity to fill the vacuum.   Senator Inhofe and I offer this amendment to reassure Israel and our  regional partners that the United States intends to honor our  commitments as the leader of the free world.    The amendment says: ``Nothing in this joint resolution  shall be construed to influence or disrupt any military operations and  cooperation with Israel.''    I ask for the yeas and nays.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Tillis).    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my  amendments, Nos. 4090 and 4095, be made pending and reported by number.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  amendments be considered en bloc.    I appreciate the bipartisan support for the amendments  and hope they can be adopted by voice vote, en bloc.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Tillis).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from South Carolina (Mr. Graham), the Senator from Nevada (Mr.  Heller), and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Tillis).   