 Mr. Speaker, before comments, this was my first term  on the Ways and Means Committee. I will tell you that, both on the  Democratic side and the Republican side, is a group of very special  Members, having been on other committees, even in moments like this,  where we see the world very differently. Everyone is freaky smart,  incredibly respectful, and if they could see what goes on in the back  where we actually get along, it is a very special committee. But the  fact of the matter is we sort of see the world very differently.   Have you ever had that moment where you were walking up to the podium  and you were going to read something? I was going to originally read  the comments from a number of Members, particularly on the other side,  who were incredibly critical of the fact that many of these tax cuts  expired and now they are complaining that we are extending them. We do  have this sort of body where we race to whatever the current argument  is. But that would actually be a little hard to do, right after saying  such nice things about everyone. So let's actually have a couple of  comments on the reality of what we see in the math.   Do you remember when the tax bill passed, the math was that we needed  a 0.4 percent growth in GDP over 10 years and the tax reform paid for  itself? How are we doing so far?   We have had, now, multiple revisions upward. Something is working out  there in our society when you see more jobs than workers; when you see,  in my community, the populations that have had a really rough decade  with the growth recession of the last decade, they have jobs. There are  good things happening.   You would think there would be almost this joy on both the left and  the right when you see job training in our Arizona prisons. We actually  brought one of the three-time convicted felons to testify in the Ways  and Means Committee. It is so hard for this body to actually give a  little and say: Look at the great societal things that are happening  right now.   Also, we have the backup on the math. If we do not have substantial  economic growth this decade and next, we can't keep our societal  promises.   I would like to argue, when we get beyond this, we have the  conversation of: What does tax reform do for future economic expansion?  Again, yes, we are going to have to talk about a lot of difficult  things to keep that economic expansion, but the baseline math--and I  know we are only 8, 9 months into the data--it is working. Could we at  least have a little sound of joy for what is working?   