 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, later today the Senate will vote on the  confirmation of Michael Brennan to the Seventh Circuit over the  objections of one of his home-State Senators, Ms. Baldwin, who has not  returned a blue slip on his nomination.   It is an abject breach of senatorial courtesy that both parties have  long respected. In fact, the seat Mr. Brennan will fill on the Seventh  Circuit has been held open for 6 years by the senior Senator from  Wisconsin, Mr. Johnson, via the same process, the blue slip. When  Barack Obama was President and when Patrick Leahy was chairman of the  Judiciary Committee, we Democrats obeyed the blue slip, and it led that  seat to be vacant for 6 years. Now that the shoe is on the other foot,  the Republican majority will ignore the blue-slip rights of the  Democratic Senator even though it fervently believes that we ought to  listen to the rights of the Republican Senator from Wisconsin. The  actions of the Republican leader erode one of the few remaining customs  in the Senate that forces consultation and consensus on judicial  nominations.    In the grand scheme of things, the vote may seem to some of my  colleagues on the other side like a small one--one judge for one  circuit court. But in truth, the vote on Mr. Brennan is a death by a  thousand cuts of the grand tradition of bipartisanship and comity in  the U.S. Senate. I know all too well that there is plenty of blame to  go around on both sides of the aisle, but if we don't take a step back  now, the Senate will soon become a rubberstamp or graveyard for  Presidential nominees, rendering our advice and consent nearly  meaningless.   I understand the pressure on the leader from the hard right. They  want judges who are not bipartisan. They wanted a judge in this case  who did not go through a bipartisan judicial panel, composed of both  Democrats and Republicans, who have always sent us judges from  Wisconsin. Two were sent, but, instead, Brennan, who couldn't get  through the panel, was sent.   This is so wrong. This goes beyond what we have seen done before.  When Leader McConnell changed the rules on the Supreme Court--which we  didn't--many on the other side, I understand, said: Well, that is tit  for tat because Democrats changed the rules on the lower courts. But  the blue-slip tradition has always been obeyed. We didn't change that.  We could have. We could have stuffed through our nominees with no  Republican support, but we didn't.   I hope for the sake of comity that one or two of my Republican  colleagues will stand up and vote against Mr. Brennan's nomination, not  because of his beliefs--which they may agree with, for all I know--but  for the sake of the Senate, for the grand tradition of the Senate, for  the right afforded to every Senator to consult on judges from their  State, minority or majority, and most of all, for the traditions that  have held this body together for more than two centuries and separated  it from the more partisan Chamber on the other end of the Capitol.   