 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts for  yielding me this time.   Mr. Speaker, I am a member of that committee of jurisdiction. I also  remember growing up as a kid in Wisconsin, and many of us looked  forward to this radio program that Paul Harvey would deliver giving the  news of the day.   There was also a special segment of that program called ``The Rest of  the Story,'' where he would fill in the blanks of what actually is  taking place here. That is what I am here today to explain, the rest of  the story of what is happening with this legislation and why I rise in  opposition to the rule and opposition to the underlying bill.   A little over a year ago, this Chamber passed comprehensive tax  reform for the first time in over 30 years. I thought the process then  was deplorable with no hearing, with no vetting, with no stakeholders,  with no feedback from people back home, or with no opportunity for  there to be any constructive review of what was attempting to be  passed. In a little over 50 days, a major overhaul of the Tax Code.   And yet, today, we have a process with this tax bill before us that  is even worse. Not only was there no hearing held on it or vetting or  feedback from any experts or feedback from people back home about the  impact this is going to have, we didn't even have a markup in committee  for us Members to be involved and try to find where mistakes were being  made, and now with the rush to judgment with this bill that was finally  offered late Monday night.   I have been poring over this document over the last 2 years. I will  guarantee the American people that the average Member of Congress had  no way of reviewing this or even understanding what was in this bill,  especially given all of the legalese that is involved with it.   They will be forced to come to the floor tomorrow morning expecting  to vote on a major piece of legislation with no clue of what it does or  what the mistakes and the unintended consequences are. That alone is  reason to reject this process and say ``no'' on the bill.   But the other reason why this process is so bad is because of what we  discovered the last time they jammed a major tax bill through: the  mistakes that were made in it.   They are attempting to try to clean this up again without any hearing  or without any scrutiny of what policy needs to be corrected, and that,  too, is wrong.   Let me just give you one example, as my friend from Massachusetts  pointed out. There is also tax relief for nationally declared Federal  disaster areas in this country. Unfortunately, 44 disaster areas were  declared in the last year. Only nine of them are qualifying for tax  relief assistance under this bill, and they are on the coast: the East  Coast, the West Coast, down South. It is the wildfires. It is the  hurricanes.   There were other regions of the country, including my home State of  Wisconsin that was hit with devastating flooding this summer. For  whatever reason, the chairman of the committee decided to exclude those  areas. The pain that those communities are facing--the homeowners and  the small businesses--are just as real in the upper Midwest due to the  devastating flooding as what has been taking place on the coast, yet  there is no logical explanation why there has been this wholesale  exclusion of other areas around the country that don't qualify for  these tax provisions. That is something I would have anticipated we  could have brought up in committee and tried to correct through the  normal regular process but was deferred.   Finally, let me add this thought. The last tax bill that they passed  is going to increase our national debt over the next 10 years by $2.3  trillion. This bill is another $53 billion downpayment on the fiscal  irresponsibility that has been coming out of this Congress for too  long.   This last session of Congress under Republican majority leadership is  going to go down in history as one of the most fiscally irresponsible  Congresses that has dug such a deep fiscal hole for the future of our  children and grandchildren. It is going to be incumbent upon us as the  new majority in January to start cleaning up the mess.   Let me tell you how things will be done differently:   We will immediately start having hearings on that massive tax bill in  order to correct the problems and the mistakes and the unintended  consequences by calling people with knowledge before us to get  feedback.   We will go through the regular process of having hearings, of having  markups, of doing proper vetting, and giving Members who aren't even on  the committee an opportunity to weigh in on significant pieces of  legislation rather than it coming out of one person's office--the  chairman, in this case--in the dead of night on Monday night and  rushing this to the House floor later on expecting the rest of the body  to make an informed and reasoned judgment on it.   This whole process is embarrassing. We can do better in January.   I encourage my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this rule and oppose this  legislation tomorrow morning.   