 Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be here today to  speak on behalf of this bill, the Ste. Genevieve National Historical  Park Establishment Act, and on the behalf of the community of Ste.  Genevieve.   Ste. Genevieve, Missouri, is home to one of the largest collections  of French colonial architecture in the United States and is one of the  oldest colonial settlements west of the Mississippi River dating back  to the early 1700s.   For years, the community of Ste. Genevieve has celebrated its history  and unique culture through numerous festivals and annual events. Over  time, the Federal Government has begun to catch on. One of the town's  historic homes is a National Historic Landmark, several other homes are  on the National Register of Historic Places, and a large area of the  town itself is designated as a National Historic Landmark district, one  of the oldest in the country.   In May of 2016, the National Park Service concluded and released a  Final Special Resource Study and Environmental Assessment for Ste.  Genevieve. This study was the result of legislation  [[Page H752]]  passed over 10 years previously, which tasked the Park Service with  determining whether or not the resources at Ste. Genevieve met the  criteria for inclusion in the National Park System. Happily, the Park  Service study concluded what the people of Ste. Genevieve already knew:  that Ste. Genevieve's large and unique collection of vertical log  houses rises to national significance. The study determined that  certain areas are suitable for direct Park Service management.   My bill is very straightforward: it establishes the Ste. Genevieve  National Historical Park as a unit of the National Park System; it sets  the boundaries of the park as depicted on the map laid out by the Park  Service; and it gives the Secretary of the Interior certain authorities  within the boundaries of the Historical Park or any nationally  significant property identified in the special resource study.   In order for the resources of Ste. Genevieve to be properly  preserved, Park Service management is necessary. The work of local  nonprofits, the city of Ste. Genevieve, and the State of Missouri to  manage, preserve, and showcase these historic structures cannot be  understated. However, there are still unmet needs for resource  protection and interpretation, and the community looks forward to  working with the Park Service to increase tourism in the area as well  as properly preserve and study the town's resources.   Once again, I want to highlight and thank the community of Ste.  Genevieve for their strong support of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I urge this body to swiftly pass my bill and move it one  step closer to the President's desk.   