 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman.   Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 1635, the Empowering  Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act. I am a proud  cosponsor of the bill and believe it will take a step forward in  improving student financial literacy today.   Student loan debt has risen at an alarming rate over the last dozen  years, from roughly $480 billion in 2006 to over $1.4 trillion this  year. The American Government is the guarantor of more than 90 percent  of that debt. Today's graduates, on average, leave campus with more  than $35,000 in debt.   Mr. Chairman, let me give an example. I was raised in a middle-class  family. My mother was a bank teller. My dad was a factory worker. I was  able to go to college and medical school in 7 years and graduate with  no debt.   The medical students who I taught in medical school at our medical  school in east Tennessee had an average debt of over $175,000 when they  left school, an enormous debt. Many of them had upward of $300,000 in  debt and will spend many years paying their way out of that.   Today's graduates, as I said, graduate with more than $35,000 in  debt, and, currently, only students receiving Federal loans are  required to complete a financial counseling session.   This counseling is provided only twice and only to students.  Counseling is offered the first time the student takes out a Federal  loan and again upon graduation, which is way too late, and does not  apply to a large pool of students receiving Federal aid, those  receiving the Pell grant.   H.R. 1635 requires students to receive annual counseling about their  Federal loan and Pell grants. In other words, you don't have to take  out the maximum loan. Just take out what you need. Additionally,  parents who apply for a parent PLUS loan would also have to receive  financial counseling.   While no solution is perfect, these counseling sessions will give  borrowers important information about their Federal financial aid and,  hopefully, leave them with a better understanding of their repayment  options and recommendations about grants, work study, and scholarship  opportunities.   In our State of Tennessee, as my good friend was mentioning a minute  ago, we provide community college and technical school for free. This  fall, we are beginning a program that is called Tennessee Reconnect,  where you can go back to school if you have lost your job and you are  middle-aged and you need to be retrained. You can go do that for free  in our State.   We believe that we need to retrain a workforce in our country for the  jobs of tomorrow, and without this onerous debt, which a lot of people  won't go to school because they realize it costs so much money that  they can never pay it back.   H.R. 1635 will encourage a better-informed decisionmaking on the part  of borrowers and increase financial literacy.   Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to support this commonsense  bill.   