 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman from  Florida's courtesy in permitting me to join him on this Special Order  this evening. I appreciate the partnership that we have had on the Ways  and Means committee and dealing with these issues publicly.   It is true, I cosponsored the legislation that our aforementioned  friend, Mr. Gaetz, referenced. I have been cosponsoring and introducing  legislation like this for years. In fact, my Veterans Access Amendment  actually passed both the House and the Senate last Congress, only to  fall victim behind the scenes of, I think, misguided action on the part  of leadership.   I am pleased that we have been able to retain the Rohrabacher- Blumenauer amendment that protects State legal medical marijuana, and I  look forward to working with my colleague, as I know he wants to extend  those protections to all State legal efforts.   I want to say, as somebody who has spent a lot of time moving around  the country working on these State campaigns, working with the  industry, working with advocates, that I appreciate Mr. Curbelo's  advocacy, that he is moving out of his district being involved with  this conversation nationally and looking for opportunities to  strengthen the position on the floor of the House.   We are in a situation now, Mr. Speaker, where we have virtually every  Democrat who now supports these simple, commonsense reforms, and, in no  small measure due to my friend from Florida's persuasive efforts, there  are several dozen Republicans, and that number is sure to grow either  before or after the next election.   This is an issue that we have watched slowly take shape. I was in the  Oregon Legislature when we were the first State to decriminalize back  in the 1970s, but there was sort of a hiatus for about 20 years.   There was Richard Nixon's ill-advised and, I think, unfortunate and  unfair war on drugs, the Schedule I categorization of marijuana. If we  were doing it over again, probably it wouldn't be scheduled at all, but  tobacco would be Schedule I because it is deadly and addictive.   In the course of the last 6 years, we have watched what has happened  at the State level accelerate. It has been medical marijuana since  1996. But starting in 2012 with Colorado, Washington, and, more  recently, we had initiatives in Oregon, in Alaska, in the District of  Columbia, we had nine States vote in 2016, and eight of them approved  reforms.   I am excited to watch this accelerated progress. In fact, I think  what we have seen over the last 6 weeks is unprecedented. We are  watching people in both parties be able to identify things they can get  behind and move forward. We see survey research demonstrating that this  is no longer a highly divisive partisan issue.   The majority of Americans support legalizing adult use. Increasingly,  there is evidence that a majority of Trump voters support adult use.  Medical marijuana is like the Fourth of July. It is almost universally  accepted, and I think the gentleman's district, in voting on medical  marijuana in 2016 in Florida, was overwhelmingly supported.   So now is the time for us to move forward. We have a bipartisan  Cannabis Caucus, and I appreciate the gentleman participating in  leading this. We have almost three dozen pieces of legislation. We had,  this last week, a couple of things that I think were rather noteworthy.   The former Speaker of the House, John Boehner, who opposed our  efforts for years, has now evolved on this issue, and he now has  actually joined the advisory board of a firm in Massachusetts. Both of  us are familiar with them, looking at the leadership in the industry.    We have watched Donald Trump, in the last 10 days, sort of clarify  what he said on the campaign trail in 2016, that the States ought to be  free to do this. He is reaffirming that and undercutting the attempt by  his Attorney General Sessions to cast a pall over the State legal  efforts.   We have watched the minority leader in the Senate, Mr. Schumer, come  out supporting comprehensive legislation. I would note, for the record,  it was very similar to what my colleague in the Senate, on the Senate  Finance Committee, Ron Wyden and I introduced last year in a  comprehensive fashion, but that is great. The more, the merrier.   What we want to do this Congress is to be able to do some simple  things. The legislation that we have worked on together to allow State  legal marijuana enterprises to get rid of the pernicious 280E so they  can deduct their business expenses, I appreciate the gentleman's  leadership and focus on that.   We ought to eliminate the restrictions that prevent robust medical  research on cannabis. The Federal Government interferes with the  research. There is no longer any reason for that.   And in working on this, literally, for decades, I have never met a  single human being who thinks there is anything to be served by forcing  State legal marijuana enterprises to be conducted on an all-cash basis.   These are things that we can change, regardless of whether or not  people favor full legalization. These are simple, commonsense steps  that have bipartisan support, and I look forward to working with the  gentleman on that and then as we take this to the people.   We will be voting on it in Michigan, probably in Missouri. Looks like  there will be a ballot measure in Utah. Other States are looking. I  think the momentum is building.   I can't say enough about how much I have enjoyed working with the  gentleman on these issues. I look forward to continuing that  partnership so these simple, commonsense provisions that are actually  supported by a majority of the people in the House and the Senate are  allowed to be voted on.   I hope that he can work his persuasive ways with the Republican  leadership to eliminate those roadblocks and allow the House to work  its will. America will be better for it. Americans will be freer, and  there will be economic opportunity, health opportunities, and less  destruction of lives with ill-conceived efforts to criminalize behavior  of otherwise law-abiding adults.   I thank the gentleman for his sponsorship of this conversation this  evening, permitting me to be a part of it, and our partnership. I look  forward to accelerating those efforts in the months ahead so that we  can mark significant progress yet in this Congress, and next Congress,  get it all taken care of.   