 Mr. Speaker, first, let me say I heard the gentleman from  [[Page H4876]]  Georgia's argument that this money wasn't needed. I heard that argument  a month ago; Ebola money was not needed. Guess what? Ebola money was  needed.   I rise in opposition to this rescission bill, Mr. Speaker, which I  think is a sham, period. It is a shameless attempt by the majority to  gloss over the tremendous deficits that have been incurred by its tax  law.   Republicans are hoping they can fool the American people with a  pretense of phony fiscal responsibility, but the American people can  see right through it. They can see more than $1 trillion a year in  deficits for the next decade and a future for our children and  grandchildren mired in debt. And for what? To give tax breaks to the  wealthiest while raising taxes on many in the middle class.   We have before us, Mr. Speaker, a bill that the majority hopes will  make it appear fiscally responsible. But the CBO says it would just  save over $1 billion. Now, that is a lot of money, but guess what? In  the next bill, without any committee hearing, the majority has added $1  billion. So they have already spent their savings of outlays of $1  billion.   The CBO says that it would save just over that amount, compared to  the $1.8 trillion deficits that Republicans incurred with their tax  laws. I wonder if the majority intends to bring another 1,800 bills to  this floor just like this one, because that is what it would take to  make up for the tax bill they passed without a single hearing and  without any citizens having the opportunity to testify.   In fact, this bill rescinds less funding than Republicans just added,  as I just said, to their Military Construction bill without a single  vote being cast in the full Appropriations Committee, Mr. Speaker.   But this bill is also dangerous and irresponsible for another reason.  It is based on the glib assertion that these funds will never be used  and no one will be hurt if they are taken away. But we have already  seen that to be a false promise.   The previous package, as I just said, cut funding to combat Ebola. I  was told by the majority leader that we don't need those funds, which  Republicans, however, now admit is very necessary to protect public  health.   The same goes for children's health, I would suggest to you. Just  because we haven't used these funds yet does not mean they won't be  needed. It is a contingency to make sure that children aren't left out  in the cold.   Oppose this rescission package.    Mr. Chair, I thank the ranking member, Mrs. Lowey, for  yielding.   I rise twice today in sadness. As a member of the Appropriations  Committee, albeit on leave, I have great respect for this committee,  but I rise to express my concern with this minibus legislation.   Republicans brought it to the floor through a closed process and  without an agreement on funding levels. Doing so, of course, shuts down  debate, limits opportunity for Members to amend an appropriations bill,  and sets the House up once again to shortchange important domestic  priorities like healthcare and education.   And let me say to my friends on the majority side, who regularly and  strongly and somewhat sanctimoniously attacked putting bills together,  not considering them one at a time, and have now repaired to this `bus  system, they are putting America under the bus. And they are putting  regular order under the bus. And they are putting the ability to  consider bills under the bus.   This minibus includes problematic cuts to funding for renewable  energy programs, changes to gun safety rules, and a weakening of  environmental protections. So if you are for MILCON and you are for the  Leg bill, you ought to vote for the stuff you don't like. That is what  this process does to all of us.   I am also particularly concerned with the title funding the  legislative branch. Most people won't talk about this, but, yes, I am  known as a person of this institution, and I am proud of it. I am also  proud that I have fought for Members for over two decades as a leader.   As many of my colleagues are aware but few Americans might be, the  people's Representatives have been asked to do more and more each year  with fewer and fewer resources. The Members' Representational Allowance  exists in order to ensure that Members and their staff can serve their  districts and constituents in the most effective and responsible way  possible.   For example, my office--and all of yours--uses its resources to help  veterans navigate the VA system, help seniors collect their Social  Security benefits, and to advocate for our district's critical military  and civilian installations.   Sadly, Mr. Speaker, the MRA is often considered the low-hanging fruit  of discretionary cuts, a political messaging freebie that has no  constituency to advocate on its behalf.    As result, the MRA today has shrunk to 85 percent of what  it was 8 years ago. Meanwhile, the population of the United States has  grown by an estimated 19 million people. Less service for our people.   That is why I wrote the Appropriations Committee and asked the MRA be  funded at least at 2010 levels, 8 years ago. I am disappointed that was  not done.   At the same time--and, Members, hear this, because most of you won't  say it because you are afraid that somehow your constituents will make  you pay the price--we have once again frozen the cost-of-living  adjustment as the costs go up in Washington, D.C.   I don't ask for a raise for Members, but I do ask that they be kept  at the same level. We ought to stop all this hair-shirting in this body  and treat Members with the respect that they deserve.   Mr. Chair, I will vote against this bill. I will vote against this  bill because it is bad process and bad product and lets the American  people down.   