 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, first, let me thank my good friend  Chairman Conaway for working with us on this very important amendment.   Mr. Chair, I would like to share a story with you. I just got off the  phone with Archie Devoor from Lincoln, Nebraska. Archie grew up as a  dairy farmer. He started milking cows at 12 and, up at 12 a.m., got  slapped in the face quite a lot with a wet tail. He put himself through  college doing that and went on and earned a Ph.D. in dairy science.   He did agricultural extension work for 20 years and became involved  with a very important United States Government program called Farmer- to-Farmer.   One of Archie's experiences was in Bangladesh. Bangladesh has as many  dairy cows as we do in the United States, and we have 12 times the  production capacity as they do.   Through Archie's work, through the techniques that he has provided  them, particularly nutrition guidance, he has helped solve one of those  problems that exists around the world with structural poverty and not  enough to eat.   In fact, the Bangladeshis wanted to name him ``Father of modern  dairy.'' He is a humble man, my constituent, and I am proud of his  work. And, of course, he refuses that title.   Nonetheless, Mr. Chairman, the amendment before us today addresses  this very important program. This program has connected volunteer  American farmers, agriculture extension experts, and others with deep  knowledge of agriculture production with farmers abroad as well as  agricultural experts from American universities to other countries  around the globe.   The sharing of America's agricultural expertise dramatically enhances  the capacity of people elsewhere to grow their own food.   Really, Mr. Chairman, this initiative is about three things. It is  about the richness of America's farm experience. It is about an engine  of economic regeneration in the fight against structural global  poverty. And it also, I believe, will enhance our 21st century  architecture of emerging diplomatic relations.   This program was initially authorized in 1985, and it has been in  subsequent farm bills and, again, has promoted sustainable economic  growth, food security, and agricultural development worldwide.   All 50 States have been represented in volunteer trips overseas to  assist farmers, and specialists from a variety of agricultural  disciplines have taught host-country farmers in over 100 nations  through coordination with 12,000 different local host organizations.   The growth of the program has fostered community ecosystems of  sustainable agriculture. It has enhanced the ability to access new  markets and conserved environmental and natural resources. The work of  our American farmers has borne great fruit overseas, and, with some  innovative rethinking, I think we can help fully realize this program's  potential.   This amendment serves three critical objectives.   First, it elevates the role of the United States Department of  Agriculture in coordinating sequencing and prioritizing farmer visits  to host countries.   Second, it establishes geographically defined crop yield metrics, a  system to assess whether improvements in crop yields in countries  receiving our assistance are actually occurring.   Third, the data generated through this new metric will be available  publicly.   It is important to note that the amendment enhances outreach to  identify and prioritize new implementing partners, increases the  diversity of program participants, and serves to expand recruitment of  new volunteers from diverse agricultural knowledge and skill  backgrounds.   Mr. Chairman, I believe this amendment will also better support our  work in global food security programs that already exist and have wide  congressional backing. We have an important moment here to renew,  innovate, and modernize a very good program.   Mr. Chair, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Texas (Mr. Conaway).    Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for his comments,  and I yield back the balance of my time   