 Mr. President, today we are about to mark a milestone.  Maybe it wouldn't be a milestone for any  [[Page S6202]]  other group except for the U.S. Congress; that milestone is getting a  significant part of our work done on time.   This will be the first time in 22 years that we have passed the  Labor-Health and Human Services appropriations bill before the start of  the fiscal year. Just a few days ago was the first time in 11 years  this bill has even been debated on the Senate floor. So we are heading  in a good direction.   This is a bipartisan agreement. It isn't exactly the bill that I  would prefer; it isn't exactly what my ranking member Senator Murray  would like to have done here. But working with our House colleagues and  with Senator Shelby and Senator Leahy, we have actually done the job  this year that the appropriating committee is supposed to do, which is  to appropriate the money--to decide how to spend the people's money  that we have been entrusted with.   For instance, this bill funds things like the opioid bill that 99  Senators voted for yesterday. It is one thing to vote on a bill that  says: Here is what we ought to do. It is another thing to then actually  do it. Most of the things we voted on yesterday will not happen unless  we decide to fund the things we said we wanted to do.   This is one of the most difficult bills to negotiate. It is 30  percent of all nondefense spending. It is, interestingly, combined this  year with the defense bill. So you have the No. 1 priority of the  Federal Government--to defend the country--as part of the bill, which  is 50 percent of all the discretionary spending, and then another 12  percent or so with the Labor-HHS bill. Sixty-two percent of all of the  spending the government will do that we have a choice in--that is not  mandatory spending--happens in the bill the Senate is voting on today.   There is a lot of push and pull in this bill. In fact, our committee  got 6,164 requests from Senators during committee negotiations about  things they cared for in this bill. There were 31 amendments that were  offered in the debate on the bill on the floor.   Today's bill, I think, reflects the priorities of both sides of the  Capitol and both sides of the aisle. We fulfilled the commitments the  leaders made in the February budget agreement to keep the extraneous  issues off these bills that fund the government. It also fulfills the  President's demand that he doesn't want any more omnibus spending  bills. He wants these bills in small packages that we can debate and he  can look at.   It invests in national priorities, like fighting the opioid epidemic,  expanding medical research, promoting college affordability, and  strengthening our workforce. This bill accomplishes a huge goal that I,  Senator Murray, Senator Durbin, Senator Alexander, and others have had  for several years now, which is to get back, fully committed, to health  research funding, the NIH grant process that to a great extent had gone  into a stagnant, no-growth mode for over a decade.   This bill looks at things like Alzheimer's. We are spending well over  $200 billion a year in tax dollars for Alzheimer's and dementia care.  Now we will spend 1 percent of that in a way that will try to find a  solution. If we don't find a solution, the tax dollars spent on  Alzheimer's disease alone are anticipated to increase to the size of  twice today's defense budget by 2050. Twice what we are spending today  to defend the country is what we will be spending to deal with  Alzheimer's if we don't find more ways than we know now to diagnose and  delay onset. If you could delay onset by 5 years, you would cut that  number by 46 percent.   So there is a focus on research--whether it is Alzheimer's,  immunotherapy for cancer, or CRISPR technology. Young researchers are  back in the business of getting grants that encourage them to stay in  research. That is an important part of this bill.   Things we are doing with opioids--again, yesterday was about what we  want to do; today is about whether or not we are willing to do it. This  continues that commitment. The Council of Economic Advisers says that  the cost of opioids is more than $500 billion a year in lost work,  family trauma, other health matters that occur, and loss of life.   The No. 1 cause of accidental death in America today is drug  overdose. This bill provides $3.8 billion toward targeted opioid  funding and represents the fourth year we have increased opioid  treatment, prevention, and recovery programs. One of those programs is  $1.5 billion that would be divided among the States to see what they  can do in their State. Again, it is not only the No. 1 accidental cause  of death in America; it is the No. 1 accidental cause of death in most  States in the country today.   We have $200 million for community health centers to expand  behavioral health and substance abuse disorders. If you don't have a  behavioral health problem before you get addicted to opioids and other  drugs, you certainly have one after. We increase funding to improve  surveillance and prevention in all 50 States.   There are extra dollars for research at NIH in pain management to try  to figure out a better way to manage pain without the addictive impacts  of opioids. We have a set-aside for the hardest hit rural communities.  On a per capita basis, rural America is much more dramatically impacted  by this opioid epidemic than urban America is.   There is money here for services for children at risk--children who  have to be taken out of the home they are in and helped and assisted  back to some normal environment where a kid can grow up.   We have money to help people in schools to be ready to learn and to  be prepared for careers and training. Certainly, the apprenticeship  programs are programs that Senator Murray has advocated effectively  for, both in this bill and on the floor. The bill includes an increase  for Head Start--again, getting kids ready to go to school--more title I  money to support students in low-income schools and help them meet  challenging State economic or academic standards.   There is an increase for the Individuals with Disabilities Education  Act, so students with disabilities have more Federal encouragement,  even though more of that burden is still borne locally than was ever  thought possible when the IDEA was passed.   There is more funding for academic enrichment grants and charter  schools, impact aid for dedicated, evidence-based STEM education  programs, and for career and technical programs.   I will say that in the 4 years we have worked on this committee  together, we do have a little more funding this year than we had in  previous years, but we continued to move in all of those directions the  first 2 years, and we did that by eliminating programs and combining  programs that weren't working. So this bill still reflects hard  choices--things that allow people to get to college, to stay in  college, returning to year-round Pell grants and increasing the maximum  Pell grants.   As I said earlier, I believe, for the first time ever, it is on the  floor with the defense bill. It is something our leaders on both sides  of the aisle thought we might be able to do. It was, frankly, by a lot  of standards, a pretty bold experiment. But I believe the vote today is  likely to show it is an experiment that really makes a lot of sense.   So I am certainly urging my colleagues to support this bill today,  and I thank Senator Murray and others who have worked so hard to make  this happen.   I yield the floor.   