 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on  the committee. It seems like I just saw him a couple of hours ago, but  only because I just saw him a couple of hours ago.   Mr. Speaker, you know as well as anyone that it is hard to get things  done around here. It is never made any easier by the recriminations  that circulate so widely. I appreciate the Speaker's admonition about  engaging in conflicts of personality. This is hard.   This isn't the bill I would have voted for. In fact, it is not the  bill I voted for the first time around. When this House did its job 9  months ago, when it was supposed to do its job, we voted on a  completely different bill. But as my friend from Massachusetts knows  full well, Mr. Speaker, if Republicans had 60 votes in the Senate, we  wouldn't be going through these machinations.   We go through these machinations for one reason and one reason only,  and that is, after a Republican-led House gets its work done, the  Senate can't. The Senate can't because they work in a much more  bipartisan way. As bipartisan as this institution is, that institution  is even more so by the Senate rules.   We talk about this as if it is a spending bill, Mr. Speaker. I just  want to be clear: this includes brownfields act reauthorization. That  is the bill that lets us go into environmentally damaged areas and  restore them. We haven't been able to get that done just in the normal  course of doing business. So to get it across the Senate floor, it is  now added into this bill.   The Child Protection Improvement Act, Mr. Speaker, is the bill that  provides the database so that caregivers and parents can go and see who  it is that is taking care of their children and make sure folks are  properly vetted. We couldn't get that through in the normal process, so  we had to add it into this bill.   Mr. Speaker, the CLOUD Act is the bill that allows law enforcement to  go and access information stored on clouds in other countries so that  you don't have to wait 9 months through bureaucracies so that you can  identify those terrorists, those criminals, earlier and more often. We  couldn't get that through the regular process, so we have got that in  the bill.   E-Verify, Mr. Speaker, is the provision that allows any employer to  dial in online to make sure that they are hiring American citizens. It  is buried in this bill, Mr. Speaker.   Together, we are getting things done. This bill is an example of  that. It is a source of progress, not an impediment.   