 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mrs. Brooks  from Indiana, for hosting this Special Order this evening to talk about  this very important topic, and I am really proud to join all of our  colleagues tonight to talk about the effects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act. I want to focus my comments on the good news coming out of eastern  and southeastern Ohio as a result of these historic tax reforms.   Just last week, we celebrated the 6-month anniversary of the Tax Cuts  and Jobs Act being signed into law. In just these few months, we have  seen consumer, business, and manufacturing confidence at or near record  levels, more money back into the pockets of hardworking Americans, and  unemployment rates at some of the lowest levels we have seen in nearly  two decades.   In the Sixth District of Ohio, since the start of 2017, unemployment  rates have dropped significantly in each of the 18 counties I  represent. Now, we know there is still more work to do, but the trends  are moving in a positive direction.   Many of our friends on the other side of the aisle said the sky would  fall when we passed this landmark legislation but, in fact, the  opposite has happened.   Just last week, one of my constituents from Marietta, Ohio, stopped  by my office to tell me he is receiving an additional $80 each week in  his paycheck due to tax reform. That is an additional $320 per month,  or $3,840 per year. That is even more than the average of what we  thought was going to happen for hardworking families. He said he uses  this money to help pay his car payments, and he expressed his gratitude  for that extra money he has in his pocket to help him make those  payments.    I hear these stories every day when I travel my home district in  eastern and southeastern Ohio, and I can tell you firsthand, we are  still seeing the benefits from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and we will  for a long time to come.   The results are real, and it is encouraging to see what happens when  we refuse to accept the previous administration's slow-growth economic  policies as some kind of new normal.   There is no doubt: The hardworking men and women of eastern and  southeastern Ohio are optimistic about the positive economic growth  under our new Tax Code, but they are not the only ones. This positive  outlook is happening all over America.   You know, it is about time that Washington creates an environment  where our free enterprise, market-driven system puts money into the  American people's pocket rather than Washington standing there with its  hand out taking money out of their pockets, and that is just what the  Tax Cuts and Jobs Act did.   