 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague for yielding  to me. I think he really just said it all.   I had the pleasure of knowing Louise for almost 40 years. We served  together in the New York State Assembly up in Albany, New York, and I  was senior to her in the New York State Assembly. She ran for Congress  a few years before I did, and she was senior to me here. I never  stopped teasing her about that to remind her that she may be senior  here, but if you put the length of our terms together, I am senior to  her, and we always got a kick out of that and always laughed.   One thing about Louise is what you saw is what you got. Louise spoke  her mind. She wasn't afraid to stand up to power. She was always  thinking of the good for the country and for New York and her  congressional district. And there was no other calculation in what she  did. It was just feeling good trying to help the people.  [[Page H3385]]    She was outspoken, and she said what was on her mind, and she knew  more things than many of us have forgotten. She knew them, and she  remembered them, and she would always have a little quip or a little  thing to say that would really make you laugh and would make you feel  like you were with a friend. And she kind of gave you the inside scoop  on a bunch of things.   You know, she was the Member of Congress who was the oldest Member of  Congress, and you would never know it. When I first found out how old  she was, I thought it was a misprint. She was always young. Until the  day she died, she was young, young and having a passion and a belief of  helping people and having a belief in government and government was  there to do good for people and to be a good tool, not, as some people  would say, that government is the enemy.   Louise always believed that government should be and could be and  would be a friend: a friend to do things for people, for seniors, for  poor people, for immigrants. If you needed someone to come and help you  work for any cause that was a right cause, all you had to do was ask  Louise, and she always said yes.   Now, our offices back in the Rayburn building are opposite each  other. So you go down the hallway. If you turn left, you are in my  office; if you turn right, you are in her office. So I often got to  meet her when we were going to votes and got to say things to her about  New York politics, and she really had the in, the scoop. She really  knew what it was.   I am going to miss her. I already miss her. I know we have so many of  our colleagues from New York who are here because all of us together  have a heartfelt appreciation of what it was to be Louise and to be  Louise's friend.   You know that twang she had from Kentucky? She always proudly told  everyone she was from Kentucky, but her heart was really from New York,  and I will miss her dearly.   Rest peacefully, my friend. We all love you.   