 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from  Louisiana for hosting this very important discussion about the Tax Cuts  and Jobs Act. As has been mentioned many times in the last several  presentations, there is no question that the tax reform plan passed in  this Chamber and in the Senate and signed into law by President Trump  is working.   Because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the economy is taking a turn  for a brighter and much more prosperous future. Americans are getting  to keep more of their hard-earned paychecks. More jobs are being  created, and wages are on the rise.   Since tax reform was signed into law, the good news keeps coming for  hardworking Americans. American businesses are more empowered to invest  in their workforces, expand their operations, and simply give back to  their communities. In fact, more than 500 businesses, and counting,  have increased wages, improved employee benefits, or awarded bonuses.   In Arkansas, the impact is very tangible. My friend from the Second  District, French Hill, talked about what Entergy Arkansas has been able  to do by providing energy customers across our State with $466 million  in credits towards the cost of heating and cooling their homes.   Families in my district--Arkansas' Third--are seeing their taxes go  down by nearly $2,000 on average, and Third District companies are  benefiting Americans nationwide.   My friend from Arkansas, Mr. Crawford, talked about Walmart. Walmart  is headquartered in my district. It increased its starting hourly wage  to $11 for more than 1.5 million U.S. associates. The company also  expanded parental leave benefits, provided a one-time cash bonus for  eligible employees of up to $1,000, and is now empowering its employees  to obtain a college education. All of this made possible by something  as simple as allowing companies, businesses, and individuals to keep a  little more of their hard-earned money.   Tyson Foods in my district, America's market leader in protein  production, headquartered in Springdale, is also using this bill to  invest in its people. Tyson Foods provided a one-time bonus to more  than 100,000 team members of between $500 and $1,000.   So you can see, Mr. Speaker, thanks to tax reform, there is, indeed,  a greater optimism about the Nation's economic future.   This fact was confirmed by the Congressional Budget Office's annual  baseline, which echoed this apparent optimism. As a direct result of  the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, CBO expects that employment will rise, wages  and income levels will increase, and potential output will grow. Now,  who can be opposed to that?   Even more good news. Unemployment, as has been mentioned, is at an  18-year low, and CBO expects businesses will continue to invest in the  economy and, over the next 11 years, create nearly 1 million new jobs.   Mr. Speaker, I was a proud supporter of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act,  and I am proud of the benefits it has brought to the American people. I  look forward to witnessing its long-lasting benefits for America.    