 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an anti-human trafficking  amendment to the World Bank Accountability Act.   The chairman of the National Advisory Council on International  Monetary and Financial Policies is already required by law to submit to  the Speaker of the House, the President of the Senate, and the  President of the United States an annual report on the effectiveness  and operations of international financial institutions as well as other  goals for development assistance and financing already specified by  Congress.   The base text of the World Bank Accountability Act already includes  several additions to the chairman's annual report. This amendment would  make one addition to that report. The amendment would require the  chairman to report on the detailed actions undertaken by the World Bank  to institute certain protections for G-5 nonimmigrant visa holders and  inform these individuals of the rights afforded to them by the William  Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008.  That legislation was sponsored by my good friend and former chairman of  the House Foreign Affairs Committee, Howard Berman.   G-5 nonimmigrant visas are reserved for foreign domestic employees of  diplomats and international organizations, such as the World Bank.   Prior to the enactment of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims  Protection Reauthorization Act, these foreign domestic employees had  very few protections.   However, the bill enacted several important reforms on how we prevent  abuse and trafficking of foreign domestic employees in the United  States on G-5 nonimmigrant visas.   The law mandated that all such visa holders have an employer-employee  contract that includes, inter alia:   One, an agreement by the employer to abide by all Federal, State, and  local laws;   Two, information on the frequency and form of payment, work duties,  weekly work hours, holidays, sick days, and vacation days; and   Three, have an agreement by the employer not to withhold the  passport, employment contract, or other personal property and documents  of the employee.   Among other things, the law also permits these foreign domestic  employees to remain legally and work in the United States while seeking  legal redress against their employers, as required.   As a Representative for Northern Virginia, I count among the  residents of my district many of the hardworking and dedicated  employees of the World Bank who work in offices throughout the D.C.  metropolitan area. As a result, I also represent the foreign domestic  employees of those who work in the World Bank and such institutions.  Unfortunately, sometimes, some of these individuals have been subject  to abuse by their employers.   Since 2010, there have been at least five Federal civil trafficking  cases in the United States involving the World Bank, and a majority of  those cases were filed in the Eastern District of Virginia. All of  these cases resulted in either a settlement, a default judgment for the  plaintiff, or a guilty plea--all of them.   According to the GAO report on household workers for foreign  diplomats, ``The people who come to the United States on G-5 visas are  among the most vulnerable who enter our borders legally. They are often  poor, uneducated, and unfamiliar with their rights under United States  law. If they find themselves in an abusive situation, their ability to  hold their employers accountable can be limited, particularly if their  employers hold full diplomatic immunity and inviolability.''   According to a 2017 survey, 85 percent of domestic worker trafficking  survivors report having pay withheld or being paid well below minimum  wage, in violation of our own domestic laws. Seventy-eight percent have  had employers threaten to report them for deportation if they  complained. Sixty-two percent report having their passports or other  identification documents taken away or withheld illegally by their  employers.   We must empower all individuals who find themselves victims of abuse  or human trafficking and provide them with a way out. Too often their  plight is obscured by their vulnerability and their susceptibility to  these kinds of threats.   I hope this amendment helps shed more light on one corner of this  problem and offers victims currently suffering under an abusive  employer a way out of the shadows. This is a matter of human decency,  human freedom, and a reaffirmation of human autonomy.   Mr. Chairman, I urge its adoption. I thank the chairman and his staff  and the ranking member and her staff for their cooperation fashioning  this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   