 Mr. President, as vice chairman of the Appropriations  Committee, I want to associate myself with Chairman Shelby's remarks.  Since the inception of the Choice Program in 2014, it has been riddled  with delays, programmatic problems, and fiscal instability. In many  areas of the country, the networks that were established left providers  unhappy about the speed of reimbursement and veterans often trying to  navigate a cumbersome system. Congress has had to provide $4.2 billion  within the last year alone, just to keep the program afloat. That is  why I am pleased that Senators Isakson and Tester worked in a  bipartisan way to try and fix Choice by establishing a streamlined and  consolidated program that will make non-VA care more efficient.  However, to truly address these problems and provide the care that our  veterans deserve, we need to not only fix the policy, but we must also  provide the funding to enact that policy. This bill does not do that.   The MISSION Act appropriates $5.2 billion in mandatory spending, $1.3  billion of which will merely fill the fiscal year 18 shortfall in the  current Choice program. The remaining balance of $3.9 billion will  provide enough funding for Choice through May 2019, but leaves the  program short between $1 and $1.5 billion for the rest of the fiscal  year when the new program shifts to the discretionary side. According  to CBO the cost only goes up in the out-years, with the major  components of the new Community Care program costing another $8.67  billion in fiscal year 20 and more than $9.5 billion in fiscal year 21.  This is unsustainable under the BCA non-defense discretionary caps,  which are set in law and were negotiated prior to the passage of this  bill and without accounting for these costs. We do our veterans no  favors by promising care without backing it up with resources.   I will not stand in the way of the new policy created in this bill,  as I do believe it creates a better Community Care program, but  Chairman Shelby and I have a proposal that will help us fulfill our  promise to our veterans by allowing for an adjustment to the caps to  help us pay for this program. We intend to address this issue when the  Senate MilCon/VA appropriations bill comes to the floor by offering an  amendment that keeps the promises we are making today, and I would like  to ask both Senator Isakson and Senator Tester for their full support  with this effort.   