 Mr. President, I am here to give thanks. Just a few  days ago our country celebrated a national day of Thanksgiving. We  celebrated food, fellowship, and freedom with family and friends. By  any measure we are a people endowed with an abundance of blessings. As  Americans, we have every reason to be grateful to share the prosperity  of economic freedom, religious liberty, and self-government.   Today, I come to the floor to extend my gratitude for one of the most  distinguished public servants ever to serve in the U.S. Senate. It is  my distinct privilege to stand here today to pay tribute to my good  friend and colleague from Utah, Orrin Hatch.   He is a man widely known for his integrity, character, and  temperament. He is devoted to his family, his constituents, and his  country. With overwhelming support from the good people of Utah, he has  served his State and all of America in the U.S. Senate for 42 years.   In those four decades of service, he has brought honor, humility,  humor, and heart to this institution of the U.S. Senate. He has honed  his legislative experience on a broad range of public policies. In  fact, none of his peers have led more laws to final passage than my  friend Senator Hatch. He has built successful bipartisan coalitions to  enact laws that make a difference in the lives of everyday Americans.   As former chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee and currently  the senior member there, he is a champion of religious liberty and the  rule of law. He is an advocate for entrepreneurship and free  enterprise, as well as a champion of intellectual property rights,  which includes being the lead Senate sponsor of the Music Modernization  Act. He is just old enough to know when laws aren't keeping up with  technology. Thanks to his tenacity, the new law will help ensure  songwriters, artists, and creators that they will be fairly compensated  for their works.   Like so many Americans, Senator Hatch is a man of humble beginnings.  He embraces the promise of prosperity and opportunity that makes  America the beacon of the free world, and that brings me to the basis  of my remarks today. From his decades of service and the chairmanship  at the helm of the Senate Finance Committee, Senator Hatch has  shouldered some pretty heavy lifting in the legislative trenches to  advance free and fair trade laws to foster economic growth and  opportunity.   As we all know, America is home to at least 320 million people. That  is a fraction of the world's population, and yet America leads the  world in economic output. Thanks to an amazing bounty of natural  resources and an economic foundation that rewards ingenuity,  productivity and creativity, our country, the United States, produces  goods and services that consumers around the world want to buy.   Senator Hatch and I share a core philosophy: lowering taxes and trade  barriers as a winning formula for prosperity. To paraphrase a  philosophy that often is attributed to our 35th President, ``a rising  tide lifts all boats.'' Today, I want to give credit where credit is  due. Thanks to Senator Hatch's unflinching leadership and unwavering  commitment to advance the principles of free and fair trade, America's  formula for prosperity and opportunity stands strong for generations to  come.   It is virtually impossible to recall any trade policy in recent  history that does not have the fingerprints of my esteemed friend  Senator Hatch all over those documents. In fact, he led the renewal of  the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of  2015. It paved the way for a robust, transparent review of trade  negotiations.   Like Senator Hatch, I understand that America needs to speak with one  voice on the world stage for effective, lasting trade agreements. We  also agree on the constitutional authority  [[Page S7113]]  of the legislative branch to maintain oversight of these trade  agreements. Consultation with Congress is a focal ingredient to ensure  that America's workers, job creators, and consumers benefit from the  global economy.   Senator Hatch also steered through bipartisan, bicameral trade  legislation that updated our customs laws. It authorized the U.S.  Customs and Border Protection to strengthen travel and trade  enforcement at our borders. Passage of the Trade Facilitation and Trade  Enforcement Act of 2015 holds our trading partners accountable. It  preserves the twin pillars of America's most important economic assets:  innovation and intellectual property. Putting in place effective tools  to protect intellectual property and thwart counterfeit and illicit  products from infiltrating the supply chain protects all of our  consumers, all of our workers, and our job creators.   Senator Hatch understands that trade agreements can do more harm than  good without proper enforcement. Unfair trade can lead to bad trade.  That is bad for America. Tax and trade cheats undermine our economy.  Senator Hatch has worked tirelessly throughout his years at the helm of  the U.S. Senate Finance Committee to weed out wrongdoers and, at the  same time, to sow the seeds of accountability and transparency in our  international trade regime. Protecting U.S. patents, copyrights, and  trademarks are essential to U.S. innovation, investment, and prosperity  in the 21st century.   Senator Hatch has also worked to eliminate barriers to trade that  helped developing nations create more open economies. His long-term  commitment to renew the Generalized System of Preferences helped to  lower input costs for U.S. job creators and manufacturers.   On Senator Hatch's watch, investment and opportunity have grown  around the world. That rising tide includes the African Growth and  Opportunity Act and other trade agreements that facilitate economic  development and democracy in developing nations.   Expanding market access is good for America. As manufacturers and  farmers in Iowa tell me time and again, that is the case. They want the  opportunity to compete in every market for every sale. Americans want  to do business on the world stage and compete on a level playing field.  Thanks to Senator Hatch's leadership with the Trade Preferences  Extension Act of 2015, we expanded market opportunities in developing  countries. Once again, quoting President Kennedy, ``a rising tide lifts  all boats.''   When things haven't gone according to plan, Senator Hatch has worked  effectively to strengthen U.S. trade remedy laws, including updates  such as electronic reporting requirements to hold bad actors to account  and to protect the health and safety of consumers for imported goods  and services.   Building on the passage of the American Manufacturing Competitiveness  Act of 2016, Chairman Hatch also led the way to further reduce trade  barriers, boost economic benefits, and foster competition for U.S.  businesses, our services providers, and our manufacturers. The  Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act of 2017 untangles the burdensome redtape  of interagency petitions and enforcement that can make or break a  business due to unfair trade shenanigans. It strengthens transparency  and fairness to help American manufacturers and their workers compete  for business. In a nutshell, this law helps U.S. businesses simply to  stay in business.   At the end of the day, all of what I said are things, among others,  that fuel the U.S. economy--the opportunity to compete for every sale  in every market.   Senator Hatch will leave behind a remarkable legacy and a very big  gavel. From one public servant to another, Senator Hatch, I am grateful  for your service. You have an impeccable record and a long list of  achievements that lift the tide for generations to come. Thank you for  all you have done for your State, for your country, and for this  institution of the Senate.   To my dear friend, from the bottom of our hearts, Barbara, my wife,  and I are grateful for your friendship and wish you well for the  future.   I yield the floor.    Thank you.   