 Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from Arizona  who spent an awful lot of time and energy on this topic. I am committed  to working with him and all of our colleagues to come up with a  solution well in advance of the March 5 deadline. One thing I hope he  will work with me to confirm is, my understanding is the March 5  deadline means the current DACA recipients can no longer register again  for an additional 2 years and qualify for an additional work permit. I  think--but I could be mistaken--it doesn't mean they are subject to  deportation. What it means is, they can't sign up again for another 2  years, and they will potentially lose their work permit.   Having said that, I am not diminishing the urgency of the timeline,  and I am committed to working with him and others to try to beat that  well in advance during the month of February. I think it does create  enormous anxiety for these young people whom I have met, as the Senator  from Arizona has. They don't know what their future looks like, and  they need to get the certainty that comes along with us giving them a  permanent solution which, again, I am committed to do. So I want to  make sure I understand exactly what happens March 5, and I described  what I think happens.   I also know the administration, the Department of Homeland Security,  does not prioritize people unless they have committed crimes or  otherwise abused the privilege of staying in the United States.  Peaceful, law-abiding individuals who have violated the immigration  laws--and, of course, these young adults are not culpable in any manner  because they came here with their parents so they are pretty blameless,  in my book. The point is, I don't think they would be prioritized for  deportation. I am confident they would not be, even if I am wrong about  what happens on March 5.   Mr. President, I yield momentarily to the Senator from Arizona so we  could have maybe a little discussion about that. Certainly, I am  committed to finding out what exactly does happens on March 5, but I  have described, to the best of my knowledge, what I believe will  happen.    Mr. President, I appreciate the comments of my friend  from Arizona. He is right about the work permits. Everything else  aside, if these young people, some 690,000, can no longer work, that is  going to have a dramatic negative impact, not only on them but also on  our economy and on the people who hire them, all of which is to say, we  shouldn't play with fire here. We need to get this addressed, we need  to get it addressed on a timely basis, and that is something I am  committed to doing.   What confounds me the most, though, is why we find ourselves here  with the Senate in session and the Federal Government otherwise shut  down. It strikes me as completely unnecessary, especially when a number  of us--me included--are having two and three meetings a day to try and  come up with a solution to this problem. I know people are anxious for  the status and what happens to the future of these young adults. I am,  too, and I am eager to come up with a solution as soon as we can, but I  think some have had what I would view as an unrealistic view of the end  game.   In other words, I know our friends have been--the Senator from  Arizona, the Senator from South Carolina, and others have a group,  along with the Senator from Illinois, which they think will be the seed  of a solution here, but as they found out last week, the President  didn't support their work product. As Senator McConnell, our majority  leader, likes to point out, there is one indispensable person when it  comes to legislation, and that is the person who signs it. All of us  write the legislation, but the President ultimately is the one who  decides whether it is going to become law. That is a serious problem in  terms of their plan to move forward with the so-called Graham-Durbin  proposal.    It was just I guess last week--I lose track of the days now--when we  met at the White House, where Majority Leader McCarthy suggested that  he and I, as the majority whip in the Senate, and the minority whip in  the Senate, Senator Durbin, for whom this has been a long, passionate  cause, and also the minority leader in the House, Mr. Hoyer, get  together and schedule a group of meetings to try to work out our  differences and to build consensus. As we all know, nothing happens  unless consensus is achieved.   Actually, I think the belief--in my view, the unrealistic belief-- that somehow the Graham-Durbin bill was going to be the path forward  without the President's signature and with a doubtful future in the  House of Representatives--hopefully, that has been set aside. I say  that with great respect because I don't want to indicate or send any  signal that I don't appreciate their concern or their passion or their  effort to try to come up with a solution. It is just that I think it  should be clear to everyone that that is not going to be the path  forward because of the circumstances I mentioned. The President doesn't  support it, and it won't pass in the House of Representatives and even  get to the President's desk.   So we find ourselves here in a completely unnecessary situation. Our  Democratic colleagues were pretty unanimous--with four or five  exceptions--in voting down a 4-week continuing resolution and causing  the government to shut down. The majority leader, Senator McConnell,  has offered them another proposal, which was a 3-week continuing  resolution while we continue to do our other work. They objected to  voting on that last night, but the majority leader has now filed for  cloture, which means that will ripen here tomorrow.   They have a choice. They can keep the government shut down for  another day before we vote on that, or we could agree to vote on it  today and reopen the government while we continue our good-faith  negotiations and discussions about these other matters.   But when the Democratic leader came to the floor and said that he  doesn't want to hurt the military, he doesn't want to hurt people who  are suffering from opioid addiction, he doesn't want to hurt the  veterans, he doesn't want to hurt people who are relying on the  government for a pension or people who are relying on the Federal  Government for disaster relief, and so he objected to the continuing  resolution and caused a government shutdown--I have to say, that is a  strange way of showing your devotion and your support for the military  or veterans or opioid addicts or people who are depending on the  Federal Government to come up with disaster relief. Shutting down the  government helps none of them at all. When he talks about continuing  resolutions hurting the military, I agree with that, but the very thing  that is hurting the military the most is the shutdown and the  uncertainty. Our National Guard can't train, for example.   The solution to this short term is an agreement on spending caps so  the Appropriations Committee can come up with an appropriations bill  that will fund the government through the end of September, through the  end of the fiscal year. But what has really happened here,  unfortunately, is that our colleagues across the aisle have listened to  the most extreme elements in their political party and shut down the  government over an unrelated immigration issue that doesn't even ripen  until March 5. I say that just to say that it doesn't have to be  decided today, nor can it be decided today, but that is what they are  trying to hold--all the rest of this--hostage in order to do.   All across the country, the headlines reflect the reality. From the  Associated Press: ``Senate Democrats derail bill to avert shutdown.''  Even the New York Times headline reads ``Senate Democrats Block a Bill  to Keep Government Open Past Midnight.''   I can't help but share in the frustration of those who, in disgust,  find us in a situation that we don't want to be in and that makes  absolutely no sense to anybody because all the things in the continuing  resolution that our colleagues across the aisle voted against last  night are things they support. It is support for the military, support  for opioid treatment, and support for veterans. But they voted against  it in order to hold all of that hostage to this unrelated issue of  immigration.   The minority leader, my friend from New York, Senator Schumer, has  done the best he can to try to spin the story and to try to explain his  strategy and to cast blame. I have to admire his talent. Senator  Schumer is my friend. We have worked together on a number of items in a  bipartisan way to come up with solutions to complicated issues. He is a  very talented and smart person, but not even he can come up with a  credible story here for why he chose to lead this shutdown effort for  the Federal Government because it makes no sense whatsoever. He does  have my sympathy. He is the leader of a tough group of Senators-- including some radical Members who are running for President--who have  held the rest of their conference hostage and done them no good service  in leading them down this box canyon, only to find the government shut  down.   How do we know that this was their plan all along? Well, the  Democratic whip, the senior Senator from Illinois, laid out the  strategy in the Washington Post last November. It said: ``Senator  Richard J. Durbin [of Illinois] . . . said he is encouraging his  colleagues to join him in blocking spending legislation if the legal  status of `dreamers' isn't resolved.'' That was last November, and he  was already plotting the shutdown we find ourselves in today for this  unrelated issue that we are committed to working on, on a bipartisan  basis. So the minority leader can't convince us or anybody who knows  the facts that this is somehow President Trump's fault. This was their  plan--something they have been plotting for a long time now.   Now they find themselves in a position where not even they can  explain  [[Page S370]]  how this helps the country or how this helps these young DACA  recipients. It is not going to change anything for them to shut down  the government. As a matter of fact, I think it just polarizes people  and makes things worse.   We are not going to let them hold health insurance for 9 million  children hostage over an unrelated immigration issue. That is the  Children's Health Insurance Program. The bill they filibustered last  night would reauthorize this program for the most vulnerable 9 million  children in the country. For what? They support that bill. It was voted  out of the Senate Finance Committee on a bipartisan basis, and they  come to the Senate floor and they kill it. Nine million vulnerable  children. And they support it. It is a strange way of showing it.  Clearly, the American people deserve better.   Soon, our colleagues across the aisle will have a chance to reopen  the Federal Government, a chance to abandon this brinkmanship which  threatens the safety and security of the country. It threatens the very  people we depend upon to defend us and their families. It threatens  access to healthcare for 9 million vulnerable children. They need to  fix this. They need to do the right thing for the American people. They  can do that today by agreeing to vote on this 3-week continuing  resolution that will take us to February 8 while we continue to work on  this issue relating to DACA--deferred action for childhood arrivals-- that we talked about earlier, or they can do it tomorrow and keep the  government shut down for another 24 hours.   My message to them is, think about the men and women who put on the  uniform of our country and deploy in dangerous locations around the  globe to fight our Nation's wars and protect our homeland. Think about  those who wake up in the morning and put on a badge and go out-- possibly into harm's way--to protect our communities. Think about those  9 million children who depend on us for that health coverage.   I hope that after having had a few hours of sleep last night and a  chance to think through this fundamentally flawed strategy, our  colleagues will reconsider. The country deserves better.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   