 Mr. President, it is Tuesday afternoon, and although I  usually come to the floor of the Senate on Thursday to talk about an  individual in Alaska who makes my State such a great place--what we  call the Alaskan of the Week--we haven't been able to do that for a  couple of weeks, so I thought I would just move up the timeline today  and talk a little bit about some people in my State who really have  made an incredible difference. It is one of my favorite speeches I give  throughout the year and throughout the week because it is about people  who help their community, help their State, help their country, and  oftentimes they are not always recognized.   So today we are going to talk about two--not one but two--individuals  who are our Alaskans of the Week. We actually made our poster board  today to be a little bit more specific on what just transpired in our  great State a couple of weeks ago.   The two Alaskans are Jon Rowan and Aaron Isaacs.   As I mentioned, we have a beautiful, incredible State, and recently I  was reminded again of just how awe-inspiring the great State of Alaska  is. I have been home pretty much every weekend this summer. I had the  opportunity to visit 12 villages in the western part of our State,  where I was able to meet with my constituents--some of the most  generous, resilient, and, very important, patriotic people in our great  Nation.   Jon Rowan and Aaron Isaacs are part of that tradition. Alaska has  more veterans per capita than any State in the country, and Alaska  Natives serve at higher rates in the military than any other ethnic  group in the country. So this is very special patriotism, particularly  with regard to the Alaska Native population in our great State.   So what have they done? What did Jon Rowan and Aaron Isaacs do? They  live in a wonderful community in Southeast Alaska, Klawock, and this  [[Page S6023]]  community now has a 37-foot totem pole dedicated to those who have  served our country in the military. That totem pole now stands tall  because of the dedication and skill of Jon, who is the carver, and Mr.  Isaacs, a highly respected Alaska Native elder who had the idea and the  vision and raised the money to make it happen.   Let me talk a little bit about both of these Alaskan patriots. Jon  was raised in Klawock. When he was in the eighth grade, he saw an ad  featuring a group of men in uniform on Zodiacs at night, recon marines  on a mission, and he was very struck by that. He said he wanted to be a  marine. He wanted to be like them.   Shortly after he graduated from high school, he contacted a recruiter  whose name he still remembers, Gunny Joins, and 2 weeks after  graduation, in 1982, he left his village to become a U.S. marine.   Four years later, he was back home and met his future wife Patricia.  They were soon married, and he and Patricia have been happily married  ever since and have raised two fine daughters.   Along the way, Jon worked as a logger, then got a job as a janitor in  the local high school. John had a passion for carving. In the Native  tradition, carving was something he had done since he was a child. He  continued it throughout his life, and he became the Native artisan  teacher and a master carver at his local high school.   At about this time--and remember, this is about 30 years ago--he was  approached by Mr. Isaacs, who talked to him about his plans to carve a  giant totem pole in tribute to our servicemembers. Now, totem poles in  Southeast Alaska Native culture are revered, and they are often carved  and raised in ceremonies commemorating significant people or  significant events. They are very special.   As my colleagues can see in the pictures we have, this is what they  were working on. A Smithsonian researcher once wrote that such totem  poles in Alaska are ``as beautiful and interesting as the Parthenon of  the [ancient] Greeks.'' They are truly awe-inspiring pieces of art and  pieces of culture.   So 30 years ago, Mr. Isaacs and Jon, my fellow brother marine, talked  about this. Jon liked the idea, but he kind of shrugged it off. He knew  all the work that went into building a totem pole. He knew how  expensive it was. He didn't know where the funds would come from, but  Mr. Isaacs was determined. He had a dream. He had a vision.   So Mr. Isaacs, who is now 80 years old, but he doesn't look it--we  can see him in some of these photos--also grew up in Klawock. His  father served in the storied Alaska Territorial Guard during World War  II. These were the Alaskan Natives who signed up by the thousands to  defend Alaska, which a lot of Americans don't realize was actually the  site of major battles during World War II against the Japanese.   Mr. Isaacs had two brothers who also served in the military, one in  the Army and one in the Marine Corps. In 1961, he was drafted and  became a paratrooper in the storied 82nd Airborne Division.   So my colleagues are starting to get a sense of what I am talking  about when it comes to Alaska Natives and serving in the military, an  unbelievable tradition and special patriotism.   When Mr. Isaacs got back from his duty with the 82nd Airborne, he  turned to carpentry--something he was trained in--and he built many of  the buildings in Klawock. He married Betty, his wonderful wife, and in  October--just next month--they will be celebrating 52 years of  marriage. They raised a family and built a wonderful life.   Over the years, he became more involved in helping his fellow  veterans. He and a handful of other veterans began talking about this  idea of creating a totem pole as a tribute to the so many veterans in  Southeast Alaska. He knew that if it was going to be done right, he and  the community had to do it themselves, so they began to raise money 30  years ago, dollar by dollar, quarter by quarter. He held his first  fundraising breakfast at his wife's restaurant, where fellow veterans  would donate the bacon and eggs and pancake mix. It was slow going, but  he didn't stop. He said: ``We had been struggling and struggling, and  it was a handful of veterans who kept us going, and we had the  vision.''   He began to put more energy into raising funds. He sent letters. His  fundraising efforts began to spread throughout Southeast Alaska. He  reached out to companies, corporations, the Department of Defense even.  Eventually, his efforts began to pay off. The funds started to come in  and, all told, he raised $61,000. ``It was a labor of love,'' he said,  ``but I loved every bit of it.''   Think about that--$61,000 over almost 30 years of fundraising. Talk  about perseverance for one idea and vision.   So after many setbacks, Mr. Isaacs and the Prince of Wales Veterans  Association were able to procure a giant--and I am talking giant--red  cedar tree, with the assistance of the U.S. Forest Service, and Alaska  Specialty Wood helped to carve and transport this massive log.   Jon, with the help of his students, got to work on the log.   About a year ago, I was in Klawock, and we saw the hard work they  were doing. They were carving. It was unbelievable. When I was invited  to come to the raising of this totem pole, I said: ``I wouldn't miss it  for the world.''   So just 2 weeks ago, in this wonderful town of about 800 people on  Alaska's Prince of Wales Island, hundreds--hundreds--gathered after a  3-day ceremony to raise this massive and lovingly carved totem pole  that pays homage to our veterans--all of our American veterans.   Let me give my colleagues a little description of the totem pole we  are seeing here. At its base is a folded flag, which is a flag that a  family receives at a veteran's funeral. As we progress up the totem  pole a little bit more, there are two soldiers on either side. One is  an ancient warrior holding a double-headed dagger and a pick, the other  is a 1960s-era U.S. Army soldier complete with a pack of Lucky Strikes  tucked in his helmet.   Going further up, we can see the emblem for our POWs and Missing in  Action military members, and then further up is the insignia for the  five different branches of the U.S. military positioned so you have to  walk around the entire totem pole. At the very top are an Eagle and a  Raven. Now, of course, there is Alaska Native cultural significance  here, but also Jon, the carver, wanted the Eagle and the Raven back-to- back on the totem pole.   ``For the veterans, this is us watching each other's backs,'' he  said. Mr. Isaacs praised Jon's work: ``It's beautiful and it's  perfect.''   You get a sense of just how massive this totem pole is--37 feet but  several tons. It is not easy raising one of these totem poles. You see  the ropes here. It involves ropes and pulleys and dozens of people  pulling this giant totem pole up into its place of honor in this  wonderful community.   I had the honor of being there. I also had the honor of bringing our  new Commandant of the Coast Guard, Admiral Schultz, with me.   There is the Admiral.   There is Jon, my fellow marine.   There is the totem pole being raised.   It was an unbelievable ceremony. Several hundred were there watching  something, the vision of which began 30 years ago by two veterans who  wanted to honor all American veterans. Jon was there with his wife and  two daughters--a master artist, a veteran, a proud Tlingit, an Alaskan,  an American, a marine--filled with gratitude for the part he played in  helping Mr. Isaac's dream--a Native elder, an Army veteran, an airborne  soldier--helping that vision come true.   Mr. Isaac's family was also there with him, including his son, who is  a paratrooper in the Army. This community is so patriotic, they serve  their country generation after generation in the military.   ``I don't care who sees me,'' Mr. Isaacs told a friend next to him, a  Korean war combat veteran, ``I'm going to cry when that [beautiful  totem] pole goes up.'' For all of us, it was very emotional.   I once again congratulate Jon Rowland and Aaron Isaacs. Thank you for  all you have done. Thank you for your vision. Thank you for your hard  work. Thank you for your military service for your country and for your  community.   Veterans not just in Alaska but all across America, when you come to  Alaska, when you come to Southeast  [[Page S6024]]  Alaska, come to Klawock and see a massive totem pole that these two  wonderful men spent 30 years putting together, raised in the honor of  every American veteran and military member who has defended freedom in  our great Nation.   I yield the floor.   