 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to  recommit at the desk.    I am opposed in its current  form.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as  much time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill. If adopted, it  will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, we  will proceed to final passage, as amended.   I offer the motion to recommit on behalf of farmers and rural  communities  [[Page H4231]]  who are confronting threats to their livelihood, sadly, that are  included within this bill.   Mr. Speaker, the communities I represent rely heavily on agriculture.  Hudson Valley farmers feed New York and America, they create thousands  of jobs and billions of dollars in economic activity, and they preserve  the cultural heritage for generations of farmers who have done the  same.   I was raised in a small town surrounded by family farms, and I am  proud to say I still live in one today. Agriculture drives the economy  of my district.   Suffice it to say, I didn't think I would ever oppose a farm bill. I  was proud to be part of the bipartisan team that wrote the last one.  That bipartisan bill was a huge win for farmers in my part of the  world, but this farm bill is very different, and I am disappointed to  say that we are following the best farm bill ever for the Hudson Valley  with the very worst farm bill ever for the Hudson Valley.   It claims to create efficiencies, but really just ends up going after  people who need a hand, the ones we are supposed to focus on in this  bill.   One instance is simply the mandate that parents pay their child  support or lose their SNAP benefits. Now, that, on its face, sounds  like it makes sense: You don't pay your child support when you have  kids, that should be a problem, but this bill goes about it in all the  wrong ways and it ends up hurting the very children who rely on that  child support, and it would actually end up costing more than it would  save us.   It also goes after critical trade programs just as millions of our  farmers are reeling from a trade war and the renegotiation of NAFTA.   Earlier this week, my Hudson Valley district was slammed by a series  of storms, which destroyed acres and acres worth of crops. My office  has been inundated with calls from farmers whose very livelihoods are  in jeopardy as a result.   One farmer named Josh Morgenthau, who runs the famous farm called  Fishkill Farms, may have lost $1 million worth of crops. That is just  one farmer in Duchess County.   So the very same week when we faced these deadly storms, we are now  talking about responding to millions of dollars in crop damages without  improving the very crop insurance programs that farmers like Josh  depend on today, right now. That is a kick in the teeth to the guys I  represent.   But the problems with this bill don't stop with crop insurance, as  bad as those are.   This bill eliminates America's largest conservation program, and that  is a killer for rural New York because of growing urban sprawl and the  loss of farmland around New York City. In fact, in New York State, we  lose 10 times more farmland than we preserve every single year. Now,  you don't need your slide ruler to figure out that is a big problem for  us.   This bill does too little to help small, diverse family farms like I  represent, but it is a huge win for corporate industrial agriculture.  It doesn't add a penny to the very research foundation that is funding  local efforts in my part of the world to fight invasive species like  the allium leafminer, which threatens the entire onion crop of the  black dirt region, one of the Nation's largest.   This is all happening against the backdrop of aging farmers, and that  fact threatens the sustainability of the industry. New farmers can't  get access to crop insurance or farmland they need to start a viable  business. The land costs too much. These kids are loaded up with  student debt.   Don't take my word for it. The National Young Farmers Coalition  adamantly opposes the Republican bill.   We can't wait for the next farm bill to fix these problems. The  average age of our farmers is going up all the time. It used to be 50;  today it is 60 years old, the average farmer. It keeps going in the  wrong direction.   We should be doing more in this bill to support young and beginning  farmers and to incentivize careers in agriculture.   I promised my farmers, including my agricultural advisory board, on  which Josh Morgenthau and other young farmers sit, that I would fight  for them in Washington.   In our motion, we provide almost $400 million for the Market Access  Program, Foreign Market Development, and Technical Assistance for  Specialty Crop Farms over 5 years.   For the scholarships at 1890s institutions and Historically Black  Colleges that help to prepare our next generation, we provide $95  million, and we fund the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Program at $120  million.   We provide $80 million for organics research. We commit $140 million  to promote farmers markets and local foods, and we invest $125 million  in outreach and assistance for socially disadvantaged farmers.   For research on specialty crops to advance the fruit, vegetable,  flower, and nut growers that contribute the largest portion of our  Nation's farm gate value, we provide $175 million.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a  recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   