 Mr. President, there is a lot going on in the world  right now, and obviously there is a lot going on in Washington, DC, but  I want to take a global look at what is happening in trade.   I want to begin by mentioning what is happening in Indonesia. It is a  part of the world where Americans don't travel too often or interact  with. It is not in our typical sphere, but right now the people of  Indonesia are digging out from a massive earthquake and tsunami that  followed.   The latest death toll numbers are over 1,400 people they identified  right now. Many of the most remote villages that were deeply affected  by the earthquake haven't been reached yet. We don't know how high the  death toll is going to climb.   Our State Department has already engaged, as we should, to help them  in any way we can. We have already released some initial aid relief to  them. We are offering our help in any way we possibly can to assist the  people there as they try to make sense of how to go forward on relief  efforts. There are private organizations, such as World Relief, that  provide a global response that are already on the ground engaging to  help. There are Americans helping the people of Indonesia--and  rightfully so that we should. We should keep our focus on what is  happening around the world, and where we can help, we should help and  engage. So we should continue to pray for and reach out in practical  ways to help the people of Indonesia. We will try to keep people  updated on that in the days ahead on how people can stay engaged.   The President made an announcement earlier this week dealing with  international activities with our closer neighbors of Canada and  Mexico. This is an issue that has been discussed for quite a while. The  President brought it up in his campaign and immediately went to work on  trying to reshape the NAFTA agreement.   Interestingly, States have different opinions about NAFTA, but in  Oklahoma our No. 1 and No. 2 largest export locations are Canada and  Mexico. Our manufactured and agricultural products often are moving  north and south to our closest neighbors, and NAFTA has been a win for  us as far as building our own economy and reaching out to export our  products.   So I was very attentive when the President said he wanted to revisit  NAFTA. Our team quickly engaged with the President and his team to talk  about what can be done to help. It is one of the issues I brought up  with Robert Lighthizer before he was even appointed to the position of  U.S. Trade Representative. We talked about NAFTA; we talked about the  importance of trade agreements as well.   I met with Gregg Doud, the Chief Agricultural Negotiator, multiple  times through this process. I met with the White House to talk numerous  times. I met with the President and with the Vice President. I met with  different individuals with their team to talk about how important trade  is and how essential it is that we get to a good deal.    Initially, the focus was on resolving it with Mexico, leaving Canada  out. My conversations with the White House have been that I understand  the pressure on Canada, but Oklahoma's No. 1 trading partner is Canada.  So I encouraged them to finish this out, as well, because it is  exceptionally important to us.   There is this perception that only the people who border with Canada  care about trade with Canada. That is not so. We continue to interact  with them in letters, meetings, and phone calls.   I was pleased to see a trade agreement that actually came forward  this week. There is a lot to resolve. We are still going through the  details on it, but the important thing to come through it is locking in  some of the things we already have with trade agreements.   When I speak with the people in my State about trade, they say: We  want to resolve the trade issues with our friends, but the main focus  we want to have is reaching out to make new friends internationally.  Let's resolve the markets we already have and make sure those are  stable. Let's try to find new places to sell our products and establish  new trade agreements. It makes sense for our economy. It makes sense,  quite frankly, worldwide for us.   I was pleased to see the administration step forward, saying that we  are resolving the issues with Canada and Mexico and resolving some of  the unanswered issues.   If you go back to the 1990s, we weren't talking a lot about e- commerce when the NAFTA deal was first done. It was time for an update  on that.   It was time, quite frankly, for a State like ours that deals with a  lot of wheat to have Canada acknowledge that the wheat we grow is  quality wheat. Canada had a bad habit; every time we sent quality wheat  to them, they would downgrade it as soon as it came across the border  and say that American wheat was never the same quality as Canadian  wheat. Sorry to say, our wheat is the same quality, so that is finally  being resolved, back and forth, between Canada and the United States.   There are simple questions, such as what are de minimis products to  be able to carry across the border between Canada and Mexico? It might  not seem like a big deal, but allowing an individual to cross the  border from the United States to Canada--to go back and forth with a  small number of goods they have purchased is significant to someone who  is a normal consumer crossing back and forth across the border. That  has been a problem for a long time that finally will be resolved.   Dairy issues have famously been a problem. Opening up their market a  little more to dairy products is very significant for us. This  preserves and expands access for U.S. poultry and egg producers and  makes updates to the areas where we need modern updates. I am pleased  to see we are finally moving to resolve this.   There are some areas that I think are still unresolved, such as the  issue about an expiration date. I have spoken with the administration  multiple times about that. I think trade agreements can be revisited at  any moment. We don't have to set an expiration date on it. Clearly,  they can be revisited because we are revisiting NAFTA right now to  renegotiate the deal. I don't think we need to set a future date and  say that this whole thing goes away. I think that sets an arbitrary  deadline on a trade deal. If it is working, we can renegotiate the  areas that need to be tweaked, but leave it in place. It creates  greater stability.   I look forward to having the debate about some of those issues and  trying to resolve some of those things. But in the meantime, I want to  thank the Trump administration for doing the work that was required,  taking on the trade issues that have needed to be taken on for quite a  while, and trying to actually get them resolved. Now that NAFTA is  wrapping up, we look forward to seeing the details in the days ahead  and coming before Congress for a vote, as we see all of the details,  and all of the American people will be able to see this final  negotiation.   I look forward to the next year. The next year will include the new  markets. We have trade issues, for instance, with Japan and U.S. beef.  The whole world wants to have our beef.  [[Page S6466]]  They know the quality of the beef we put out. Japan has arbitrary  tariffs that well exceed the norms against American beef coming into  Japan, which other countries don't face. That needs to be resolved with  Japan.   We need to continue to expand our exports into multiple other  countries. The Trans-Pacific Partnership that was discussed in the  previous administration--this administration set aside it and said: We  are going to do bilateral negotiations rather than multilateral  negotiations. I understand that. It is time to take on those bilateral  negotiations, deal with those trade agreements, and expand into new  markets and new places.   As the American economy is thriving right now, we are continuing to  create greater efficiencies and greater products. The world continues  to want our products, and the more we can negotiate those deals and  find places to send them and people who want to buy them, let's do it.   I would add one more thing. We have a unique relationship with  England. As the UK, because of their Brexit vote, breaks away from the  EU and from that trading bloc, they are working on negotiating a deal  with Europe. We should be aggressively negotiating a deal with the UK  to form a trading relationship. There is no reason the United States  and the UK shouldn't be the first major trade negotiation that they  take on and that we solve.   We have a lot of products back and forth. Aerospace is one of those  primary areas in which the UK and the United States should be able to  cooperate extensively. Let's get that trade agreement going and make  sure we can get that locked in.   In the days ahead, we will want to continue to have our close  alliance with the UK, including a close free trade agreement between  us, to make sure we can knock down tariffs. This is a moment when the  UK can walk away from Europe's high tariffs and high barriers to trade,  and we can actually say: Let's establish a closer relationship with our  close allies of the UK.   There is a lot to be done in trade. There are a lot of new places to  go, and there are some areas that I would tweak and do differently,  even in this new deal on NAFTA with the United States-Mexico-Canada  Agreement. But I am proud of the administration; they have actually  taken this on to be able to solve it.   As I have jokingly said: They have the ability to break things; now  it is time to prove they can fix some things. This is one they are  fixing, and it will be good for the American economy in the days ahead  to see it done.   I yield the floor.   