 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his work on this  bill. I thank the gentlewoman from Nevada for her work on this bill. It  is a bipartisan bill because it makes commonsense. So whether it is  DeFazio or Blumenauer or Duffy--go down the list of different people  who have worked on it--they have worked on something that makes eminent  commonsense, and I want to thank them for their efforts.   The saying is: If it ain't broke, don't fix it.   But the corollary to that is: If it is broken, fix it.   What we have just heard are any number of different conversations  about the degree to which the buyout program is not just a little bit  broken but a whole lot broken.   First off, just at an individual level, it captures people in a  hamster wheel that they can never get out of. If you look at the  average buyout time, it is about 5 years. In that 5-year time period,  people are stuck there waiting and waiting and waiting as their house,  in many cases, refloods.   I have been to Shadowmoss in the West Ashley section of Charleston. I  remember going in there after a flood. Those people who had a second  story had carried stuff up to the second story. Those who didn't were  just dealing with the flooding as it occurred on the first floor. But  they had been repeatedly flooded.   So at an individual level, this makes sense for the remedy that it  offers an individual, so they are not stuck in a house that is  repeatedly flooding, as they are trapped in dealing with that.   It makes sense based on what Mother Nature is telling us.   My colleague from Nevada mentioned this notion of climate change. I  don't know exactly what is going on, but I know that in Charleston,  South Carolina, if you compare the 1950s with the present day, there is  10 times more flooding in what they call king tides, and it has become  regular. Something is going on out there that says this buyout program  needs to be adjusted, and it needs to be adjusted now.   The final point I would make is that this makes, as has been  registered thus far, a whole lot of sense for the taxpayer, because if  you look at the numbers, again, 30,000 homes in America have been  flooded five or more times with substantial consequence to the  taxpayer. We are talking about $5.5 billion being spent by the taxpayer  in rebuilding and repairing. Destroy and repair is the term my  colleague from Nevada used. The destroy-and-repair, destroy-and-repair  cycle is destructive for the taxpayer.   It is for that reason that everybody from the State floodplain  managers to the National Association of Realtors to the Nature  Conservancy has supported this measure. I cannot endorse it enough, and  I thank the gentleman for his work on it.   