 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in December, the FCC made a colossal  mistake by rolling back net neutrality protections. Today, the Senate  has an opportunity to begin the process of righting that wrong with an  up-or-down vote to overturn the FCC's repeal and to restore the free  and open internet.   This is a big deal. We just had a vote with all Democrats,  Independents, and three Republicans, and we have another vote at around  3 o'clock. If we fail, the FCC will end net neutrality protections in  early June. But if we succeed, then this fight will go on to the next  step in the House of Representatives.   This vote is a no-brainer. Net neutrality is one of the most popular  issues that the Senate will consider this year. There is no other issue  that polls so decisively on one side. A survey by the University of  Maryland found that 83 percent of people are in favor of net  neutrality, and that includes 75 percent of Republicans, 89 percent of  Democrats, and 86 percent of Independents.   When you think about people's experience with their ISP, it makes  perfect sense. People are already frustrated with the limited  competitive options for the providers they have. Then, once they sign  up for service, they find there are hidden fees. They have to pay for  the installation. They have to wait for the installation. They have to  rent the cable box. Their bill suddenly goes up within a year of  service, finding out they were only engaged in a promotional offer. In  other words, many people don't like their internet service providers.  They like the internet, but they don't like the lack of choice and all  the hassle and expense that comes with getting on the internet.   So if you ask people if we should get rid of the rules that actually  give consumers control over their internet access, if we should give  broadband companies more power over our lives, they say no. Providers  promise to be good to consumers. In fact, many of them have said that  they don't need the FCC to  [[Page S2704]]  maintain a free and open internet because they are already officially  committed to the idea. But without net neutrality, there is nothing in  the law that prevents companies from treating content or websites  differently.   In fact, many of these publicly traded companies--once the dust  settles, once the politics of this net neutrality issue wanes--will be  talking to their chief financial officers, and their board of directors  will be asking: Why are you not maximizing revenue? Why are you not  charging consumers more when you can?   If the answer is ``In the process of trying to prevent a piece of  legislation from passing, we made a promise,'' the board of directors  will say ``Well, change your mind.''   The only thing that can stop a corporation that provides broadband  services to consumers from doing all the wrong things is a law. It is  not a promise; it is a law.   So the question for the Senate is very simple: Whose side are you on?  Are you for the consumers who are asking us to protect the internet or  are you with the telecommunications companies?   I want to be really clear here. There is no constituency on the other  side of this, other than the telecommunications companies. You don't go  to a townhall meeting and see this thing evenly split. When we were  debating the Iran deal or the Affordable Care Act or an infrastructure  bill or the tax bill, even in a deep blue State like Hawaii or a deep  red State like those of some of my colleagues, there are always people  on both sides of the issue. I have not met one human being in Hawaii  who is against net neutrality, and I challenge anyone out there to find  someone who is against net neutrality. The only constituency for this  is the people who would benefit from what the FCC has already done.   Some are pointing to a bill in the House that would take care of a  few of the problems that come with getting rid of net neutrality. But  when you dig a little deeper, it is clear that this is not a  compromise. It doesn't offer close to the protection that net  neutrality gives consumers and small businesses. In fact, it gives  these ISPs the ability to charge small businesses and consumers more  money for different types of content, and that is the crux of the  issue. Again, go ask a consumer or a small business owner, and they  will tell you that they are already frustrated with internet providers,  and they expect Congress to do the right thing and look out for their  interests.   This issue is incredibly important to young people. They have grown  up on the internet. It is part of their lives, and they do not want  Congress to stand by and do nothing as this FCC allows internet  providers to change the way we access the internet.   It is clear to me that net neutrality is popular among everyone-- older people, young people, small business owners, Republicans,  Democrats, Independents, red States, and blue States. It is also clear  that the benefits of the ISPs do not come close to outweighing the  benefits that students, businesses, schools, families, and others will  get from a free and open internet.   With this vote, every Member of the Senate will be on the record for  or against net neutrality. I hope every Member will choose to vote the  way nearly all of America wants us to and restore net neutrality.   I yield the floor.   