 Mr. President, today I would like to honor the exceptional  impact made by America's small business development centers on the  small business community. As chairman of the Senate Committee on Small  Business and Entrepreneurship, I recognize the importance of the work  done by the nearly 1,000 small business development centers across  America. This SBA resource partner works tirelessly to support the  backbone of our economy, and we thank them for their significant  contributions to our small business community.   America's small business development centers, or SBDCs, provide our  country's small businesses with high-quality consulting and educational  programs, at low or no-cost to the entrepreneur. With centers in all 50  States, this network supports both established small businesses and  developing entrepreneurs alike. SBDCs help America's entrepreneurs  develop and execute individual business plans tailored to fit their  needs, experience, and level of business acumen.   SBDC staff understand the unique local challenges of entrepreneurship  specific to their area which is one of the many things that sets their  services apart. This tailored approach benefits nearly 500,000  entrepreneurs a year and creates over 95,000 jobs annually.  Additionally, sales growth in SBDC clients averages 13.6 percent, a  rate four times greater than the national average. These statistics  demonstrate America's small business development centers' dedication to  excellence, and I congratulate them on their hard work.   In my home State of Idaho, the Idaho small business development  center is determined to help businesses grow with consulting and  training. Last year, the Idaho SBDC achieved a return on investment of  five to one, and created over 1,300 jobs. Their network served over  1,600 clients and helped start more than 100 businesses. One of these  clients is House of Design, a robotics and systems firm located in  Nampa. House of Design offers engineering consulting, robotic system,  and machine vision integration services across a variety of industries.  Shane Dittrich, the owner of House of Design, believes that his company  would not be where it is today without SBDC assistance. Since its  inception in 2008, House of Design has grown into one of the top  engineering firms in the region and now partners with multiple firms  across Idaho to produce high-quality engineering and robotics products.  House of Design is an example of both the unique entrepreneurial spirit  of Idaho as well as the impact SBDCs have on small businesses across  America.   I would like to thank and congratulate America's small business  development centers for their efforts this past year. The support they  provide to small businesses across our country is considerable, and it  is my pleasure to recognize today, the March 21, 2018, as SBDC Day. I  wish them the best of luck and continued success as they move forward  in their work to enhance American entrepreneurs.   