 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the  2019 National Defense  [[Page H7708]]  Authorization Act due to its importance to our national security.  However, I do have significant concern over a last minute change to the  bill that stripped funding for an important recapitalization program  for the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System (JSTARS).   When the House passed this legislation, in a very bi-partisan manner,  it included $623 million to continue the JSTARS Recapitalization  program. This program was aimed to continue a vital combat capability  for our ground forces as a battle management command and control asset.  However, during the conference these funds were eliminated from the  bill.   Although this legislation provides for significant improvement to our  national security, including pay raises for servicemembers,  modernization efforts for equipment, cybersecurity enhancements, and  many benefits for our military families, amongst other notable  improvements, the absence of this capability is worrisome.   The 116th Air Control Wing based at Robins Air Force Base, the ``Eyes  of the Night,'' executes the JSTARs mission, and has been doing so  continuously since 9/11. Our combatant commanders rely heavily on  JSTARS, and for nearly 20 years, this capability has been consistently  utilized in support of our ground forces.   Although I am pleased with the recent announcement that the Air Force  will be making Robins Air Force Base the home for the Advanced Battle- Management System (ABMS), this capability is years off. Stripping  funding for recapitalization will put current combat control  capabilities at risk, potentially for over a decade. JSTARS is of  significant importance to our ground forces and this decision will have  significant repercussions.   To reiterate, this bill does ensure we are completing our  Constitutional responsibility to ``Raise an Army.'' However, I will  continue to act with my oversight capabilities to ensure JSTARS remains  available to our combat soldiers until the Air Force employs a solution  that can be employed for our servicemembers whom desperately need this  capability.   