 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, this is day one of the Trump shutdown. What a sad day it  is for this institution and what an incredibly sad day this is for our  country.   This Republican-controlled government is incompetent. It takes my  breath away. You control the House, the Senate, and the White House,  and this is what we get, one continuing resolution after another, and  now a Trump shutdown. You should be fired. This is so incredibly wrong.   You say you want Democrats to support your spending bills, yet you  won't work with us, you won't even talk to us. Negotiating bills in  back rooms with only Republicans is not how you get a bipartisan vote.  This my-way-or-the-highway approach undermines our democracy and  results in lousy bills that do not serve the interests of the American  people.   The Republican leadership promised regular order. They promised to  respect the views of everybody, including the views of the minority.  They promised a more open process. That has turned out to be a big, fat  lie.   I hear from my Republican friends that they care about the DREAMers.  We all know that if the Dream Act was brought before this House, it  would pass with a bipartisan vote, but the Republican leadership around  here is so pathetically terrified by the most hateful, xenophobic, and  bigoted elements of their base that they would rather shut down the  government than put a bipartisan bill on the floor.   I would have thought that once the Republican leadership got the one  thing that gets them out of bed in the morning--massive tax cuts for  hedge fund managers and multinational corporations--that they would be  willing to actually govern. I guess not.   We need a permanent fix to CHIP, which has been expired for 112 days  because the Republicans have refused to reauthorize it, but we need to  fund community health centers, medical research, and veterans' health.  We need funds to deal with the opiate crisis. We need to support our  men and women in the armed services. We desperately need to invest in  our aging infrastructure.   What we don't need are more and more short-term CRs that fail to  address so many urgent needs in this country.   My colleagues, today, millions of Americans, led by fed up women, are  marching in cities and towns all across the country and they have a  message. They don't like the way you are governing and they are not  going to take it anymore.   So to my Republican friends, ask yourselves if you want to keep  following Trump and the most extreme elements of your party off a  political cliff, because that is where they are taking you. If you keep  following them, history will not be kind.   So stop the nonsense, stop the obstructionism. Do your job and work  with Democrats for the good of our country. The American people are  watching.   