 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1183, I  call up the bill (H.R. 695) to amend the National Child Protection Act  of 1993 to establish a voluntary national criminal history background  check system and criminal history review program for certain  individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children,  the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes,  with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate  consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the House amendment to the  Senate amendment to H.R. 695, a bill making further additional  continuing appropriations for the fiscal year 2019.   This measure keeps our government open until February 8, 2019, and  prevents a costly, destabilizing government shutdown. This continuing  resolution reflects the House position on  [[Page H10493]]  border security and provides $5 billion for the construction of  physical barriers at our borders.   This is the same amount that was provided in the Homeland Security  funding bill approved by the House Appropriations Committee back in  July of this year. In addition, this legislation includes $7.8 billion  in supplemental funding for disaster relief.   Congress has always been responsive to hurricanes, and wildfires, and  typhoons, and other natural disasters. We must continue to do so to  help our fellow Americans as they rebuild their lives and livelihoods.   I don't support a government shutdown, and I never have. Americans  deserve stability and predictability of a government that is 100  percent operational. I would have much preferred to complete  negotiations on our remaining seven bills with our Senate counterparts,  but there were several very challenging issues that remained. As I  stated before, a continuing resolution is the last resort when it comes  to funding the Federal Government.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill, and I  urge the Senate to do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Dunn).    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Carter).    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Wenstrup).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Pennsylvania (Mr. Rothfus).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Texas (Mr. Culberson), who is a member of the House Appropriations  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman  from Georgia (Mr. Jody B. Hice).   ( Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Maine (Mr. Poliquin).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from South Carolina (Mr. Rice).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Alabama (Mr. Aderholt), a member of the committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume  to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Scalise), the Republican whip.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Texas (Mr. Gohmert).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to vote ``yes'' on the  bill, to keep the government open until February 8, to support critical  border security, which is badly needed, and to look after the needs of  so many Americans who have suffered from so many disasters over this  past year.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   