 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for  yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, today we are being asked to pass yet another bill that  undermines the Endangered Species Act and accelerates the extinction of  our Nation's fish and wildlife.   Specifically, H.R. 3144, the Salmon Extinction Act, undermines  protections for several runs of wild salmon and steelhead in the  Pacific Northwest.   The Northwest's iconic salmon runs are extremely important to  commercial, recreational, and Tribal fishing interests across the  country.   My Republican colleagues are pushing this bill even though the  region's salmon runs are currently at crisis levels.   Recently, we have even seen reporting that, for the first time,  Federal scientists who were surveying Northwest salmon populations came  up with empty nets.   And yet, here we are today, advancing a bill that will do nothing but  accelerate our Nation's existing salmon declines.   The bill also represents a troubling attack on the legal process. If  enacted, it would overturn legally sound court decisions simply because  the bill's sponsors don't like them.   Instead of following the law, this bill forcibly mandates the use of  an outdated illegal salmon recovery plan for the Federal Columbia River  Power System.   The recovery plan in question has clearly been found by the courts to  violate the law and the Endangered Species Act. It is illegal, and  Congress, through this bill, would be saying: Do it anyway.   I should note that this bill also undermines one of our Nation's  other bedrock environmental laws, the National Environmental Policy  Act, or NEPA, by barring a host of actions that could potentially  recover this region's salmon runs, which are currently, again, on the  brink of extinction.   The sponsor of this bill and I do agree on one thing, however. When  talking about this bill, Representative McMorris Rodgers recently said  that dams and fish can coexist, and I too think that is possible.  [[Page H3553]]    The debate here is not about dams versus no dams. The debate is about  striking the appropriate balance between responsible hydropower  development and sound fisheries protection.   For too long, there has been an imbalance when we consider these  issues. Our country built thousands of dams in the 20th century before  we even realized the harm that can be caused to our Nation's fisheries.   So today, we are left with many legacy, low-value dams that don't  justify their cost and their impacts to our Nation's fishery and  natural resources.   So as we consider what to do about these older, low-value dams, our  decision making must be guided by the best available science and a  consideration of all available options, not what politicians in  Congress want.   Unfortunately, this bill takes us in the wrong direction by blocking  responsive science-based fisheries management. It would actually lock  in a disastrous status quo until at least the year 2022; a status quo  that is expensive, illegal, and inadequate; an approach that causes  great harm to wild salmon, struggling fishing communities, Tribes, and  energy consumers. The status quo is not working.   This bill says: Keep doing it anyway.   It is time for Federal agencies to pursue new, innovative solutions  that are better for both fisheries and hydropower generation. This bill  pushes a one-sided divisive approach that will only cause further harm.   That is why it is opposed by the Governors of both Washington and  Oregon, by Tribal interests, by hundreds of businesses that depend on  healthy salmon runs, and also by numerous conservation organizations.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Colorado for his  leadership and convening these conversations. It was really helpful to  hear from our friend from Missouri, who reminds us that this is really  a big deal, this Russian meddling, and that we have to keep pushing to  get answers as to why our President behaves so strangely when it comes  to Russia, and we have to hold anyone who may have been part of that  Russian interference fully accountable.   I will tell Congressman Perlmutter that constituents in my district,  and I think a growing number of people around this country, are  extremely concerned and growing more and more concerned about this dark  cloud of corruption over the Trump administration; about the  possibility of collusion between the Trump team and a foreign  government to affect the 2016 election; about the obstruction of  justice, the pattern of lying about even the most basic facts; and just  based on what has already come out through the special counsel  investigation and through the media and, to some extent, through  congressional investigations, their level of concern is really growing.   This week, I want to focus on one aspect of these investigations that  we have tried to push here in the House and in the Senate: the issue of  privilege. I am not talking about the kind of privilege where a  billionaire's son-in-law gets a job inside the White House, even though  he has no foreign policy experience and can't get a security clearance.  That is a different kind of privilege.   I want to talk about the issue of executive privilege. This is an  idea that Presidential communications need to be kept out of the public  eye, even when Congress or the courts issue subpoenas and request that  information.   Presidents have always kind of tried to claim that this type of  privilege is implied in the Constitution's separation of powers. It is  an argument that a President might not get as candid and fulsome advice  from his Cabinet and others if all of it was going to be publicly  disclosed. So I can appreciate that. But the Trump administration has  taken this notion of executive privilege to extreme and absurd lengths.  I think we need to talk about that.   Just a little quick historical aside, though, on executive privilege.  The concept and the limit of executive privilege has really only been  tested at the Supreme Court in a pair of Watergate-related lawsuits in  the 1970s. This came about when the special prosecutor sought access to  President Nixon's secret Oval Office tapes.   In that case, the court rejected President Nixon's attempts to quash  a judicial subpoena. The unanimous decision of that court was that the  President had to hand over these tape-recorded conversations with his  closest advisers about the Watergate break-in. Of course, we know that  was the beginning of the end of the Nixon Presidency.    So back to the modern era.   Over the past year, we have seen numerous Trump officials, and even  some who never worked in the White House, refuse to answer questions  from Congress, asserting some variation of this executive privilege. In  the now-defunct House Intelligence Committee investigation we have seen  it. We have seen it in the Senate Intelligence Committee investigation.   I think we need to take a look at how this is being used or misused.  We have seen witnesses, literally on a break from their testimony, take  phone calls from the White House, where they get instructions about  what questions they can answer and which ones they can't.   Essentially, President Trump has treated the executive privilege as  if it is a gag order he can invoke on those around him. It is sort of  like the hush money nondisclosure agreements that he has entered into  with porn stars and playmates and all sorts of others to keep  embarrassing or damaging information out of the public eye.   A few specific examples of this and why it doesn't hold up.   In June 2017, Attorney General Jeff Sessions was testifying before  the Senate committee about the firing of James Comey. He refused to  answer certain questions, but he did choose to answer others that he  thought were helpful. He claimed that he was protecting the right of  President Trump to assert the executive privilege.   Well, first of all, Sessions can't selectively choose when to invoke  the privilege and when not to. There is this thing called waiver, and  you don't get to cherry-pick the stuff that you think helps you and  then invoke the privilege for the stuff that doesn't.   But the second point is that the Attorney General even admitted that  he does not have the power to claim executive privilege. He said: ``I  am protecting the President's constitutional right by not giving it  away before he has had a chance to weigh in.''   The President hasn't done that. In fact, the President has yet to  assert  [[Page H3570]]  the executive privilege, but he has had all of these other folks on a  short leash, counting on them to assert the privilege.   So then we go to January of 2018. Steve Bannon was testifying in the  House Intelligence Committee. He only agreed to answer 25 specific yes  or no questions that had been drafted by the White House.   So, on a bipartisan basis, the committee issued a subpoena to force  Bannon to answer these questions, but he continued to stonewall and the  committee never followed through. Again, why Bannon's assertions of the  privilege don't pencil out.   In the United States v. Nixon, the Supreme Court made very clear that  public extrajudicial disclosure of a privilege like the executive  privilege is a waiver. So right off the bat you have the problem that  Steve Bannon spilled his guts in ``Fire and Fury'' for the whole world  to see. He has made public extrajudicial disclosures of all manner of  communications involving the Presidency on all of these subjects. But  he has also played this pick-and-choose game, much like Attorney  General Sessions. Even if he had the privilege to assert for himself,  which he doesn't, it just doesn't hold water.   Now, some of the oversight that Bannon has been ducking has to do  with the transition period before Donald Trump was even President.  Obviously, there is no executive privilege if you are not yet the  executive. So that is another problem.   When he was asked whether he was being instructed by the President to  invoke executive privilege, guess what? He refused to answer. Our  friends in the House Intelligence Committee were in such a hurry to  shut down their investigation that they did not move to hold him in  contempt of Congress, and they never followed through on their  subpoena.   Another example.   January 2018, Mr. Trump's former campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski,  appeared before the House Intel Committee and surprise, surprise, he  refused to answer all sorts of important questions. Since Mr.  Lewandowski never served in the Federal Government, it would be pretty  preposterous to assert executive privilege as a way to evade Congress'  questions. But it is up to the majority in Congress to actually force  him to answer these questions.   Again, Mr. Trump is onto, apparently, a winning strategy in this  Congress. He instructs others not to answer questions, suggests they  should assert the privilege, or some variation of it, and then counts  on a compliant majority in this House and in the Senate to simply not  follow through.   Something similar happened in February 2018. Hope Hicks, the White  House communications director, was testifying before the House  Intelligence Committee and would not discuss anything from the  inauguration forward. The committee declined to issue a subpoena,  despite the request to do so from our ranking member, Adam Schiff.   So you may ask in these various situations: Why wouldn't President  Trump himself simply assert the executive privilege?   I think one reason for that is we can safely say that it makes him  look even more guilty. That is hard to do, based on the way he has  conducted himself so defensively with such a seemingly guilty state of  mind in his tweets and other public statements, but the assertion of  the privilege would be a very clear signal that he is trying to impede  legitimate investigations.   So he would rather have Bannon and Hicks and Lewandowski and Sessions  stonewall for him, and then count on a compliant hyper-partisan  Congress not to follow through. That is why we have so many unanswered  questions and why it is so important that you continue to bring us  together to talk about this to make sure the American people know that  we are going to keep talking about it and we are going to keep asking  what they are hiding and what they are afraid of.    Mr. Speaker, I will close on my end but with a bit of a  question for my colleague:   We have talked about how big this is. I think ``sabotage'' is not too  strong a word for what the Russians did in the 2016 election. I think  anyone who was involved in a criminal conspiracy with them to pull that  off, certainly there are criminal penalties, violations, possibly up to  and including treason, that may apply. So we have to get to the bottom  of this. We have to get to the truth.   And if Congress won't do its job because of partisan reasons and  won't follow through and hold folks in contempt when they ignore  subpoenas and when they refuse to answer questions, we can at least  protect the special counsel investigation so that that lifelong  Republican leading this investigation can get the truth out for the  American people.   Mr. Speaker, I guess my question for Congressman Perlmutter is: Given  how big this is--and we have never seen anything like this. We have  never seen all of this evidence that a candidate for President--folks  at the top of his campaign were involved in these illicit activities  with a foreign power, this extensive sabotaging of our election, and  all of the coverup and the obstruction and other problems that are  coming to light. Given all of that, how will history judge those who  refuse to let the special counsel get to the bottom of it all so we can  all know the truth?   