 Mr. President, this week, we will be voting on an  important piece of bipartisan legislation that recently passed out of  the Senate Banking Committee, led by our colleague, Chairman Mike  Crapo.   The bill is called the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and  Consumer Protection Act. The purpose of the bill is to rightsize the  onerous regulations that are currently imposed on community and  independent banks and that stifle their ability to loan money to people  who need access to credit in order to start a business or to grow a  small business.   Under the current law famously known as Dodd-Frank, these smaller  banks are often treated just like the largest banks and financial  institutions in our economy. That doesn't make any sense at all. Main  Street, we need to remind some of our colleagues, is not Wall Street.   The bill would make changes to reflect that important distinction. I  can't tell you how many of my small bankers in Texas have told me they  had to hire additional personnel, not to make more loans, just to  comply with the onerous overregulation coming out of Washington, DC.   Unfortunately, we lost over 2,000 banks nationwide since the end of  2010. Two thousand banks have gone out of business, either as a result  of a merger with a larger bank that could sustain the additional cost  of complying with these regulations or those that have just given up  and said: We can't cut it because of the costs, and we are hanging up  our spurs. In Texas, 165 bank charters have vanished during that same  timeframe--a 26-percent reduction. Like I said, some of the decline is  due to mergers with larger banks, but there have also been a number of  bank failures.   We all heard about too big to fail, but some institutions were deemed  essentially too small to save. They were the ones left behind and  forgotten under Dodd-Frank. Because of the regulatory burdens, some  small banks said enough is enough and opted to get out of the lending  business altogether. You know who ends up paying the price and who ends  up getting hurt? It is the married couple who wants to borrow money to  buy their first home or, as I said earlier, a business that wants to  expand and hire more people. Those are the people who ultimately get  hurt.   In this bill we are considering this week, we are trying to change  that situation. No less than former Congressman Barney Frank--the  Democratic author of the original law--has emphasized the point that we  need now to remember: The bill we are voting on keeps in place rules  and regulations that were imposed on large Wall Street banks after the  financial crisis. In other words, the big banks on Wall Street were the  ones that helped contribute to the financial crisis, and they are the  ones that will continue to be regulated under Dodd-Frank, but the  community and regional banks that were, in essence, the collateral  damage to the great recession of 2008, following the big financial  crisis, will finally see some needed and welcomed relief. Rigorous  stress testing of large financial institutions will continue.  Congressman Frank has said it would be ``wholly inaccurate'' to claim  otherwise.   So when some try to distort the bill's purpose and the provisions in  the days ahead, I think it is important to keep that in mind and don't  buy what they are selling. This bill will mostly, as I said, affect  smaller community banks, which clearly don't fall under the same  category as the titans of global finance.   Last year, the Banking Committee solicited input from a broad array  of stakeholders. The committee's idea was to say: Hey, all of you out  there who greatly suffered under Dodd-Frank, how can we reduce the  burdens you face? Those are the kind of questions all of us need to be  asking back in our States.   After extensive negotiations at all levels, and after hearing not  just from financial entities great and small but also from consumer  groups, the result is the bipartisan legislation we will soon consider  on the Senate floor.   The bill was formally introduced by a group of 10 Democrats and 10  Republicans. You don't get much more bipartisan than that. I know the  Senator from Idaho, the chairman of the committee, has had productive  discussions as well with my friend and fellow Texan Chairman Hensarling  on the House side, who heads up the House Financial Services Committee.   While the new provisions will help community banks, credit unions, as  well as midsized and regional banks, they will also ensure that key  consumer protections remain in place. Some of these protections will  even increase for consumers who have fallen on hard financial times or  who are victims of fraud. Veterans and seniors particularly will  benefit.   Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell has agreed that this  commonsense bill will provide significant regulatory relief, and his  predecessor, Janet Yellen, said it was a move in a good direction.   While I would like to go further and provide additional relief from  Dodd-Frank, we should nonetheless pass as much as we can and help  America's local lenders build small businesses and strengthen our local  communities.   Let's get this bill--which is supported by a variety of stakeholders,  including the Texas Independent Bankers Association--across the finish  line this week.   I wish to especially congratulate and thank our colleague from Idaho  for all of his hard work, and I hope that all of us can emulate that  hard work on a bipartisan basis to get this bill across the Senate  floor and ultimately to the President for his signature.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. McCain),  the Senator from Alaska (Ms. Murkowski), and  [[Page S1333]]  the Senator from Alaska (Mr. Sullivan).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz)  would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. McCain),  the Senator from Alaska (Ms. Murkowski), and the Senator from Alaska  (Mr. Sullivan).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz)  would have voted ``yea.''   