 Mr. President, every week, I try to come down to the  floor and talk a little bit about my State and do a little bit of  bragging in what we call our ``Alaskan of the Week'' series. Now, there  is a lot to talk about with regard to Alaska. We would love for the  people in the Gallery and the people who are watching to come out and  visit our great State. It will be the trip of a lifetime. The scenery,  of course, is gorgeous, and the mountains are rugged, but it is really  the people who make my State so special--rugged, self-sufficient, kind,  and very generous people all across an area that is over two and one- half times the size of Texas.   I apologize to my Texas colleagues, as they get a little upset when I  talk about that, but it is true.   Every week, we have been recognizing a group or a person who has  worked to make Alaska a stronger place, a stronger community--a State  that, I think, is the best State in our great Nation. I call these  individuals our Alaskans of the Week.   Today, I take all who are watching to Alaska's interior, to a town  called Fairbanks, AK, where about 32,000 of my fellow Alaskans live. It  is a beautiful, wonderful place. Fairbanks is hot in the summer. My  wife and I were married there many years ago. It was over 90 degrees  when we got married in August, but it is really cold in the winter. We  spent January 1, 2000--the millennium celebration--in Fairbanks with  our kids and our family. It was 50 below zero without the windchill-- cold. It is a place I love, where my wife was born and raised, where we  lived, where my in-laws still live, and the place Jeff Cook, our  Alaskan of the Week, calls home.   Jeff has been in Fairbanks his whole life. His parents moved to  Fairbanks in 1938. He went to college in Oregon, and his wife Sue was  there, but the couple moved back to Alaska, to Fairbanks, and started a  family. He is now 74 years young. He and Sue have four children, two of  whom have settled in Fairbanks, and they have five grandchildren. He is  the patriarch of not only a great family but of many community  organizations throughout Fairbanks and, really, Alaska.   Throughout the years, Jeff has had a career in real estate, in  business. He has sat on numerous boards--community boards--and been in  community groups. Let me just give a couple of examples of his  community work, of his sitting on the board of the Fairbanks Chamber of  Commerce, the University of Alaska Board of Regents, the Rotary Club of  Fairbanks, the Greater Fairbanks Community Hospital Foundation board,  the board for the State of Alaska Chamber of Commerce, the Rasmuson  Foundation board, and the boards for Alaska Airlines and Wells Fargo  Bank. This is an individual--a leader--who has been involved in his  community for decades. He is a perfect example of the community-minded  individual whom we call our Alaskan of the Week.    We could be done right here. It is a pretty amazing career--a great  example of someone who is dedicated to his State, to his country, to  his community. Yet Jeff has done a lot more. He recently used all of  his energy, all of his experience, all of his community involvement to  embark on what really has become an extraordinary fundraising campaign  to raise money for cancer research--so important for our Nation, so  important for Alaska. This became a personal issue for Jeff. Let me  tell you this story.  [[Page S163]]    Last March, he and Sue received, really, a devastating phone call  from their youngest daughter Chrissy, who is 34 and lives in Las Vegas  with her husband and 2-year-old daughter. She called to tell them the  bad news--really, the horrible news that millions of American families  hear every year--that she had been diagnosed with breast cancer and  that she had a positive match for the BRCA2 gene, which increases one's  risk of developing breast cancer or ovarian cancer.   Jeff and Sue felt powerless against this disease when they heard  this. He said: ``When you're a parent, it doesn't matter how old your  children are; you're supposed to slay the dragons and conquer the  monsters'' and protect your kids.   If that were not devastating enough, weeks later, he and his wife  made sure that everyone in the Cook family got tested. Unfortunately,  five other members of the family tested positive for this gene. They  are all being monitored now.   Here is what Jeff said: ``We couldn't conquer the cancer, but we just  had to do something.'' He said he had heard about the American Cancer  Society's ``Real Men Wear Pink'' campaign--a fundraising program that  is held in October. October, as everybody knows, is Breast Cancer  Awareness Month. About 3,000 men from across the country participated  in the program this year, the ``Real Men Wear Pink'' campaign.   So Jeff started. He started with the pretty impressive goal of  raising $5,000 for cancer research and an email list of about 70  people, most of whom were in Fairbanks. Within 90 seconds after sending  his first email, he had raised $1,000. Pretty good. Then what happened?  The community of Fairbanks, of Alaska--really of the whole country-- started opening up to his plea. Donations kept coming in. The more  donations he received, the more Jeff worked at raising funds. Many of  the people he knew were donating, but what happened? Strangers from  across Alaska and from across the country started to send money for  this very worthy cause of breast cancer research--often with heartfelt  stories of their loved ones, of their own struggles with cancer, or of  those of their kids. Someone from a small town in New York State sent  him $250.   As the weeks passed, he began to pay attention to how he was stacking  up against others across the country. Jeff is a competitive guy. He is  very successful. When he reached No. 10 in the country in terms of  fundraising for this very important matter, he told one of his friends  there was no way he could beat the No. 1 person ahead of him who had  raised $30,000--no way. That was a high number. Now, Fairbanks is not a  very big city, and the other people on the list above him were from  much bigger cities from across the country and had what he thought were  larger connections and larger networks. Yet his friend told him:  ``Don't underestimate yourself, Jeff.'' After he read that, he said:  ``Okay. I'm going for broke.'' This is what he did.   He was all in. He started fundraising everywhere. When it was all  said and done, on this campaign, Jeff Cook, from Fairbanks, AK--a town  of a little over 30,000 people in Alaska's interior--was the No. 1  fundraiser in America for breast cancer research this year--No. 1. In  terms of the American Cancer Society's ``Real Men Wear Pink'' campaign,  Jeff Cook raised over $120,000.   If my colleagues were down here, I would ask them for a round of  applause.   That was for the entire country. Think about that. We come down to  this floor a lot and debate cancer research, medical research--very  important. Here is one individual in America who raised over $120,000  through his own energy and passion and for the love of his daughter.  This is a testament to Jeff's perseverance, but it is also about the  good people in Fairbanks, throughout Alaska, and really throughout the  country.   As Jeff said, ``It says so much about our community. There was such  an outpouring of love, goodness and generosity. That was the most  touching part of [this entire experience].''   What else did Jeff learn? He learned that his daughter Chrissy, who  underwent chemotherapy and a double mastectomy, is stronger than he  ever imagined. She is recovering well, but she is still in recovery.   I am going to humbly ask my colleagues and those who are watching  here and those who are watching on TV to put a prayer in for Chrissy  and other cancer victims like Senator Hirono, who was just on the  floor. Put them on your prayer lists as they are in recovery--all of  them.   I want to end with a big thanks to everybody in Alaska and across the  country who are part of the ``Real Men Wear Pink'' campaign who are  literally raising hundreds of thousands of dollars for breast cancer  research.   I thank Jeff, of course, for not underestimating himself but for  another--another--mission well done as a community leader in Fairbanks  and throughout Alaska.   Congratulations for being our Alaskan of the Week.   I yield the floor.   