 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the new  title X regulations announced by the Trump administration's Department  of Health and Human Services.   Title X is a family planning program authorized in 1970 to provide  family planning services to low-income women. Currently, Congress  approves $286 million a year to provide these family planning services  like: education, counseling, health screenings, and healthcare. For  years, pro-life protections like the Hyde amendment sought to ensure  tax dollars, including title X funds, would not go to abortion  providers.   However, the Clinton-era title X regulations have sadly mandated that  all grantees refer abortions as part of their family planning services  and created loopholes allowing title X funding to flow to organizations  which provide abortions, such as Planned Parenthood.   Under these Clinton-era regulations, Planned Parenthood has been able  to receive an average of $56 million in taxes each year from title X.  Clearly, that is not in line with the intent of the title X family  planning program and it is past time to change.    I was proud to help lead the effort in Congress to urge the  Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar to update  title X guidelines with those similar to regulations in place during  the Reagan era. These Reagan regulations--which were upheld by the  Supreme Court in 1991--were rolled back by the Clinton administration  and have remained in place since then.   However, today, thanks to President Trump and his administration, we  turn this page and mark a historic victory for life. This week the  Trump administration will unveil new regulations called the Protect  Life Rule which will prohibit any organization that performs or refers  abortions from receiving title X family planning funds.   The Protect Life Rule will mandate that title X grant recipients be  physically and financially separate from facilities that provide  abortions, closing for good that loophole that has allowed  organizations like Planned Parenthood to receive title X funding.   Currently, Planned Parenthood conducts 320,000 abortions every year  and receives nearly $60 million in tax dollars annually. Implementing  the Protect Life Rule will save thousands of innocent lives and ensure  that title X funding supports actual family planning, not abortions.   The Protect Life Rule will also increase safeguards for victims of  sexual assault, these victims who have already been abused.  Implementing the Protect Life Rule will not cut any funds that go  toward family planning to support mothers and families every day. In  fact, it will provide more money net for legitimate family planning  activities. To suggest otherwise, would be a politically motivated lie  to the American people.   Contrary to the doomsday rhetoric used by pro-abortion advocates,  this is a great day for life and families across America. I want to  thank dozens of pro-life grassroots organizations and more than 150 of  my colleagues from the House and Senate who joined this effort to push  back for the new title X regulations--especially Representatives Black,  Hartzler, and Smith.   I also want to thank President Trump and his administration for  issuing the Protect Life Rule, heeding our calls and the calls of  millions of Americans who have long demanded that tax dollars not go to  abortion providers, just as the law was intended.   President Trump ran as a pro-life candidate, and the Protect Life  Rule is just the latest example of how the President and Republicans in  Congress believe in keeping our promises to the American people.   The Protect Life Rule is a win for millions of Americans who have  marched for life in our Nation's Capital and the millions more who have  marched throughout our country, including in my home State of Kansas.   I look forward to the implementation of the Protect Life Rule.   