 Mr. President, I rise today to recognize the Greater  Scranton Chamber of Commerce on their 150th anniversary. I am proud to  highlight their many accomplishments and significant contributions to  my hometown of Scranton and northeastern Pennsylvania.   Eleven years after the city of Scranton was incorporated, 13  visionary and ambitious men met in the upstairs of a grocery store and  formed the Merchants Association to encourage the economic growth of  the city. Scranton was an industrial center of mining and railroads,  and the association's first order of business was to establish  equitable freight rates. Later, the association was renamed the  Scranton Board of Trade and in 1923 was officially chartered as the  Greater Scranton Chamber of Commerce.   For a century and a half, the chamber has actively served the region,  always with the mission of cultivating a healthy business ecosystem  that could attract, preserve, and create jobs in the area. In fact, the  chamber has always been a national leader and trendsetter within the  business community. In 1945, as many Scrantonians were serving in World  War II, the chamber spearheaded a community effort to save jobs at the  Murray Bomber Wing Plant, which resulted in the launching of the  Scranton Lackawanna Industrial Building Company. This innovative effort  created what is considered the American standard model for economic  development. Today, as the largest business network in northeastern  Pennsylvania with more than 1,500 member companies representing a  variety of employers, the chamber helps to foster economic development,  provides small businesses access to affordable capital, facilitates  leadership development programs, and leads workforce development  initiatives.   From Scranton's early days as a hub for American entrepreneurship and  industry, the chamber has played a critical role and continues to be  one of the region's strongest and most effective business and community  advocates. It has worked in partnership with numerous stakeholders to  address the challenges brought on by an ever-changing regional economy.   Although the mining and freight-dependent industries that represented  the growth of the greater Scranton region's early days represent a  bygone era, today, new industries now call northeastern Pennsylvania  home. These new fields of business have helped the area become a  regional leader in education, medicine, and manufacturing. Today, the  region builds upon its rich history of industrial ingenuity, economic  prosperity, and most notably, new Americans and immigrants seeking  opportunity. In light of the region's diverse heritage and progress  towards true equality, the chamber hosted its inaugural NEPA Women's  Leadership Conference in 2015. I am proud of the chamber's continued  efforts as it strives to promote the region as an ideal location for  businesses of all genders, ethnicities, races, socioeconomic groups,  sizes, and fields. The greater Scranton area continues to be well  positioned to attract and retain businesses, startups, and  entrepreneurial ventures.   It is a privilege to pay tribute to Greater Scranton Chamber of  Commerce's historic legacy and the contributions its members have made  to the city of Scranton and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania over the  last 150 years. I wish the chamber continued success and prosperity as  it celebrates this extraordinary sesquicentennial anniversary.   