 Well, here we are, Mr. President. This is day 2 of the  Senate Democrats' government shutdown, day 2 since the Democratic  leader made the political calculation to do something that, according  to a recent survey, even most Democrats don't support. He shut down the  government to appease a portion of his party's leftwing base. It makes  you shake your head. Who comes up with ideas like this?   Well, on Friday, a bipartisan group of Senators voted to advance a  bill that would have kept the Federal Government open, provided 6 years  of certainty for the State Children's Health Insurance Program--of  which at least seven different Governors have written they are in dire  straits--and allowed ongoing talks to continue on a variety of other  important issues that we have been discussing here for a couple of  months. Together, Democrats and Republicans had enough votes to pass  it. Five Democrats crossed over and voted against shutting down the  government, to keep the government open while we do our work. The House  had already passed it, and the President was ready to sign it. We were  poised to send him this compromise solution and erase the threat of a  shutdown, but unfortunately my friend the Democratic leader had other  ideas.   Now, we all know in the Senate the minority has the power to  filibuster. I support that right from an institutional point of view,  but the question is, When do you use it? On Friday, the Democratic  leader made the extraordinary and destructive choice to filibuster our  bipartisan bill and to guarantee the American people a shutdown of  their Federal Government. Now, it is the second day of the Senate  Democrats' filibuster and the Senate Democrats' shutdown of the Federal  Government.   Because the President wouldn't resolve months of ongoing negotiations  over massive issues in one brief meeting and give the Democratic leader  everything he wants, my friend across the aisle has shut down the  government for hundreds of millions of Americans because he didn't get  everything he wanted in one meeting on Friday with the President. So  who pays the price for that? Healthcare for needy children, training  and resources for our men and women in uniform, care for our veterans  who came home, and survivor benefits for families of heroes who did  not, full funding for the CDC, for the NIH, and for routine safety  inspections of food and medicine.   To most Americans, those sound like fundamental responsibilities. To  the Democratic leader, apparently, they sound like hostages ripe for  the taking. All of this was totally unnecessary. There is a broad  consensus, on both sides of the aisle, that DACA and other issues  related to illegal immigration require a compromise solution. Almost  everybody here--Democrat and Republican--believes we need to get to a  solution on the DACA issue and related immigration matters. Bipartisan,  bicameral negotiations have been underway for months, but they can go  nowhere until Senate Democrats realize the extreme path their leader  has charted leads them nowhere--a filibuster of healthcare for 9  million children, a filibuster of the tools and training that our  warfighters need to keep  [[Page S396]]  us safe, a filibuster of funding for the Federal Government itself, for  hundreds of millions of Americans--all over a tangential issue related  to illegal immigration that does not even ripen until March. All of  these other things are an emergency. The one nonemergency issue that  our friends on the other side are trying to shoehorn into this  discussion doesn't reach that status of emergency until March.   This is pure folly. The American people know so. That is why, in a  recent survey, a majority said keeping the government open is a higher  priority than shutting down the government over the issue of illegal  immigration. That is why headlines all across America are laying the  blame for this government shutdown right at the feet of Senate  Democrats and their filibuster.   Now, the Democratic leader could end this today. We can get past this  manufactured crisis and get onto a host of serious issues before us  that require thoughtful, bipartisan negotiations. This shutdown is  going to get a lot worse tomorrow--a lot worse. Today would be a good  day to end it. All we have to do is pass the commonsense legislation  the Senate is currently considering--ending the government shutdown and  ensuring healthcare continues for vulnerable children. There is nothing  in this measure that my Democratic friend cannot support.   So here is the situation. If nothing changes, a cloture vote will be  no sooner than 1 a.m. tonight. We could resolve this much earlier if  the Democratic leader withdraws his procedural objection and allows the  Senate to proceed to a vote. Our constituents want us to end this.  Secretary Mattis, our military leaders, and our Governors want us to  end this, and we can. Today is the right day to do it.   Senate Democrats only need to withdraw their filibuster and allow a  bipartisan majority to move America forward. If they really care about  the big issues--increased defense funding, disaster relief, DACA,  border security, and other important matters that we have been  negotiating and that I would like to bring to the floor--then they will  stop their filibuster and this shutdown and let the negotiators get  back to work.   Everyone has figured this out. This shutdown was a political  miscalculation of gargantuan proportions, but it doesn't need to go on  any longer. It could stop today. So let's step back from the brink.  Let's stop victimizing the American people and get back to work on  their behalf.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I wanted to give all of our colleagues  an update on where we are. I want to start by particularly thanking  Senator Graham, Senator Flake, Senator Collins, and many others who  have been working across the aisle to help resolve the impasse we find  ourselves in.   When the Democratic filibuster of the government funding bill comes  to an end, the serious, bipartisan negotiations that have been going on  for months now to resolve our unfinished business--military spending,  disaster relief, healthcare, immigration, and border security--will  continue.   It would be my intention to resolve these issues as quickly as  possible so that we can move on to other business that is important to  our country.   However, should these issues not be resolved by the time the funding  bill before us expires on February 8, 2018, assuming that the  government remains open, it would be my intention to proceed to  legislation that would address DACA, border security, and related  issues.   It is also my intention to take up legislation regarding increased  defense spending, disaster relief, and other important matters.   Importantly, when I proceed to the immigration debate, it will have  an amendment process that is fair to all sides. I would hope there  would be cooperation on these matters in advance of yet another funding  deadline.   There is a bipartisan, bicameral group that will continue its  negotiations and I look forward to the completion of their work. It  would be my strong preference for the Senate to consider a bipartisan,  bicameral proposal that can be signed into law. But the first step in  any of this is reopening the government and preventing any further  delay.   The shutdown should stop today. We will soon have a vote that will  allow us to do exactly that.   Let's step back from the brink. Let's stop victimizing the American  people and get back to work on their behalf.   Mr. President, in that regard, I ask unanimous consent that,  notwithstanding rule XXII, the Senate vote at 10 p.m. tonight on the  motion to invoke cloture on the motion to concur with amendment;  further, that if cloture is invoked, all postcloture time be considered  expired and the Senate immediately vote on the motion to concur with  further amendment with no intervening action or debate.    Therefore, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent  that, notwithstanding rule XXII, the Senate vote at 12 noon tomorrow on  the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to concur with amendment.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Monday,  January 22; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning  hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date,  the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the  day, and morning business be closed; finally, that following leader  remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the House message to  accompany H.R. 195.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order.   There being no objection, the Senate, at 9:24 p.m., adjourned until  Monday, January 22, 2018, at 10 a.m.   