 Mr. Speaker, I rise to applaud the hard work and great  success of the House Financial Services Committee these the past 2  years in the 115th Congress.   Under the leadership of Chairman Jeb Hensarling, the Financial  Services Committee became the most productive committee in Congress.  Over 44 bills signed into law originated from our committee, including  S. 2155. It began as the Financial CHOICE Act, Creating Hope and  Opportunity for Investors, Consumers, and Entrepreneurs.   Unfortunately, the whole bill hasn't made it into law, but the core  of that bill was dealing with the unintended consequences and, frankly,  whether they were intended or not, the harmful consequences of Dodd- Frank.   Under Dodd-Frank, we found that the biggest banks got bigger and the  smallest banks became fewer. We found that banks were not too-big-to- fail, but some of them became too-small-to-succeed under the burden of  Dodd-Frank's regulatory framework. So much so that even Barney Frank,  whose name is part of the Dodd-Frank Act, came to support the reforms  for community banking.   I am very proud to have participated in regulatory relief that helped  thousands of community financial institutions help lend to their  communities. It is making a difference today as we watch the impact in  our economy. Indeed, it is, in some measure, fitting that the title  began with ``Creating Hope and Opportunity for Investors, Consumers,  and Entrepreneurs,'' because that is what is happening in this amazing  economy.   There is more good news that is happening in our economy than is  probably going to get covered anywhere. Some of it is out there for the  C-SPAN viewer to find.   You might not see in the news that we have the strongest sanctions  that have been imposed on Russia since it has been Russia. Post-Soviet  Union, we have never had a stronger posture toward Russia than we do  today.   The Financial Services Committee helps implement those because the  Department of the Treasury has an Office of Foreign Asset Control. As  part of the Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee and as part of the  Terrorism and Illicit Finance Subcommittee, we look at how to choke off  these sources of funds, whether it is Russian oligarchs, Iranian bad  actors, North Koreans, or others.   Frankly, I believe we only have tapped the surface on the potential  that sanctions have. Indeed, we may be able to apply sanctions to our  trade policy and, very targeted, deal with  [[Page H9735]]  bad actors, like those who are dumping steel, rather than just putting  a uniform tariff out there. We can be precise. Instead of maximizing  collateral damage, we can minimize it.   But that shows that there is plenty of work left to do. What we are  here to say is that there are plenty of great things that did, in fact,  happen.   With respect to trade, one of the things the Financial Services  Committee got to do was take a bipartisan delegation trip to China. We  talked with folks in Japan, in Hong Kong, in China, and in South Korea  about the importance of trade, not just in a way that draws in our  Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act, but with all of our  trade policy.   The reality is that we were able to send a message to the people in  China, to the leadership of China--their Vice President down to their  leadership in the trade negotiations--that with respect to China, there  is no separation between Congress and President Trump, and with respect  to China, there is no separation between Republicans and Democrats on  trade.   Our hope is that we can continue to trade, and we can continue to  prosper together. As a former Army Ranger, I never thought I would go  to China under friendly terms and conditions. I am quite thankful that  we were able to do that. I hope that we can continue that peace and  prosperity together.   But the days of the American people being taken advantage of, whether  it is by China or any other Nation, I hope has long passed. Clearly,  today, that is the trend. Not only has the Foreign Investment Risk  Review Modernization Act, FIRRMA, passed, and that gives us this  review, but we have an administration that is aggressively implementing  a policy that puts that into effect.    There are plenty of things that did pass our House that haven't yet  made it into law. A staggering number is 115. While 44 bills were  signed into law, 115 passed our committee and haven't yet been taken up  across the building in the Senate. Unfortunately, and often despite  overwhelmingly bipartisan support in the House, many of these bills  have yet to receive the same attention in the Senate.   One example of this is a bill I introduced, the Market Data  Protection Act. This passed the House of Representatives unanimously,  and it is yet to receive a vote in the Senate. This deals with the  protection of government-controlled data by the Securities and Exchange  Commission. In fact, our EDGAR database was hacked. We are simply  asking that the SEC do the same thing and certify to Congress in the  same way they would expect a publicly traded company to certify to  them, that they have dealt with the risk and they now have a secure  network.   Just earlier tonight, we passed yet another extension of the Flood  Act. This bill has been passed by our committee for a year and a half.  It has been over a year since it passed the House with very modest  reforms.   One of the sticking points seems to be that the Senate can't live  with rebuilding someone's home three times after it has flooding. We  will rebuild it not once, not twice, but a third time, and then after  that, we are saying, you know, maybe you should move.   But that is too much to ask, apparently, for the Senate. We can't  even get a vote on it. It is time for the Senate to act.   Another is JOBS 3.0. This is a bill that provides new 21st century  framework for capital formation. You think capital formation, that  sounds like Wall Street, that sounds like a big, Republican,  stereotypical talking point bill. It passed with more than 400 votes in  this body, incredibly bipartisan, very modest reforms, commonsense, for  early stage capital formation, and it hasn't yet been voted on in the  Senate. There is still time in this Congress, and I sure hope they can  deliver on it.   There are a lot of things that we haven't been able to get to. In  spite of being the most productive committee in Congress, there are  still things that have been left undone. My hope is that we can  continue to collaborate in a very bipartisan way as we experience a  transition.   As sad as I am to be headed to the minority as a member of the  majority party today, I am very sad that Chairman Hensarling is leaving  Congress. This week, we were able to see his retirement ceremony where  a portrait was unveiled. But the most important thing that happened  there is, frankly, I think everyone in that room was inspired.   I think one of the most unfortunate things about Congress is the way  it is perceived by the American people. There are more truly good men  and women who serve in this body, in both parties, than I would have  ever believed before I got here, and one of the very best is Jeb  Hensarling. I am thankful to count him as my chairman, as a mentor, and  as a friend. I look forward to seeing how God continues to bless this  great man and how God continues to bless this body and our great  Nation. It is now time for deeds, not words.   