 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his hard work  on our committee and leadership as well.   Mr. Speaker, I want to start by thanking the gentleman from Minnesota  (Mr. Emmer) for sponsoring this very important legislation. Banks and  credit unions of all sizes are drowning in a sea of paperwork. We hear  about it every day from lenders that appear before the Financial  Services Committee. The reality is that, because of the regulatory  environment, mortgage lending is simply too burdensome for some  community banks and credit unions. Lenders have little choice but to  limit the products and services made available to customers or, in some  cases, exit the mortgage business all together, which some have  actually done.   The changes we have seen on the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act  requirements are a great example of regulation run amuck. On every  loan, lenders must check a lengthy series of boxes. One mistake lands a  bank or credit union out of compliance, in hot water with the field  examiners, and potentially exposed to litigation.   In committee, I had a matrix. It is almost 300 boxes of things that  they have to look at. Then if there is one box that is out of  compliance, you could be exposed.   The Obama administration CFPB significantly expanded regulatory  requirements associated with HMDA. Financial institutions now have to  report a total of 48 different data fields for each individual  borrower. In fact, today's HMDA requirements are more than double the  statutory requirements established by Congress.   What do we get for all of this box checking? Not a lot, beyond a more  burdensome process that, in the best case scenario, slows the borrowing  process. These rules and regulations make it more and more difficult  for small institutions to absorb costs and results in constricted  credit and higher price for consumers' and customers' needs.   Compliance with HMDA requirements is one of the top concerns and  frustrations I hear from community banks in Missouri. And, in fact, we  had a hearing recently, where we had the president of an institution in  there, and he had a file that was this thick, Mr. Speaker, over 3- inches thick. And I asked him: How many pages do you have in that file?  And he said: Congressman, we don't measure it by the page anymore. We  measure it by the pound.   This legislation aims to address some of those concerns. H.R. 2954  would exempt small community banks and credit unions from new HMDA  reporting requirements. It is my understanding that this relief would  apply to other mortgage lending institutions as well, including lenders  who make loans on manufactured housing.   We have an opportunity today to put our vote where our mouth is and  support legislation that will grant relief to the Nation's smallest  financial institutions and enable more access to credit for our  customers and members of our local communities.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, again, the gentleman from Minnesota for  his outstanding work on this legislation and his work on behalf of our  financial institutions and their customers.   Mr. Speaker, I ask for support of the Home Mortgage Disclosure  Adjustment Act.   