 Mr. President, last week, the Finance Committee met to  consider the nomination of Charles Rettig to be the Commissioner of the  Internal Revenue Service. Charles Rettig is a highly qualified man whom  I have long believed had near universal support from the members of the  committee.   I suppose it should not be surprising, but my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle were finally able to find an excuse for why they  couldn't support this well-qualified practitioner. My friends on the  other side, including Ranking Member Wyden, announced a newfound  opposition to Mr. Rettig, based not on anything he has done, nor on  anything he hasn't done. Instead, they decided to broadly oppose Mr.  Rettig because of a recent regulatory change at the Treasury  Department.   Now, some of you may be scratching your heads wondering how, if he  hasn't been confirmed yet, does he have anything to do with this new  regulatory change? I know it is puzzling. When you get into the weeds,  it becomes clear that my friends have just been looking for an excuse  to keep this well-qualified practitioner from heading up the IRS when  our country needs him the most.   Democrats also raised extraneous news reports of a Russian person  allegedly infiltrating the NRA and potentially infusing domestic  organizations with so-called ``dark money.''   Interestingly, though, they seem not to be at all concerned with the  subsequent revelations that the very same person had meetings with at  least one Federal Reserve official and at least one high-level official  in the Treasury Department during the Obama administration. Evidently,  for Democrats, when it comes to activities that are quite concerning,  the concerns vanish when the activities involve officials in a  Democratic administration.   The point is, none of the Democrats' concerns or opposition have  anything to do with Mr. Rettig, and as his nomination moves forward, I  will continue to talk about his incredible qualifications to be our IRS  Commissioner as we move through his nomination process.   Today, I want to take a minute to address the Treasury Department's  actions. By way of background, the Treasury Department changed an  outdated Nixon administration rule that required certain tax-exempt  organizations to report the names and addresses of taxpayers who made  substantial donations. This requirement did not arise out of a current  statute, it isn't useful for tax administration, and it unnecessarily  puts taxpayer information at risk. Cognizant of these issues, the  Treasury Department changed that rule. Not such a dramatic change, but  to hear my Democratic colleagues react, you would think the Department  repealed the Bill of Rights or sold our democracy down the river.  [[Page S5336]]    That is why I think it is critical to note that, despite the rule  change, the IRS still has access to this information should the agency  need it. Of course, you would never know that when listening to my  friends on the other side of the aisle as they cherry-pick their facts,  but for the rest of us, I think we should all take a step back, take a  deep breath, and consider what has actually taken place.   Back in 1969, Congress amended the Internal Revenue Code requiring  501(c)(3) charities to file an annual return that includes the names  and addresses of substantial contributors. This rule makes perfect  sense. After all, taxpayers receive a tax deduction for these  donations, so the IRS needs to be able to verify that individual  taxpayer has actually donated what they said they did. It is a great  tax fraud prevention tool.   However, this taxpayer information is extremely sensitive and must be  safeguarded from a data breach or other improper revelation. That is  why Congress chose to prohibit public disclosure of this information.   Then, 2 years later, in 1971, President Nixon's Treasury Department  issued further regulations extending this requirement to contributions  made to 501(c)(4), (5), and (6) organizations.   For those who don't stay up late at night reading the Tax Code for  fun, these organizations include social welfare, labor, and  agricultural organizations, as well as chambers of commerce.   This regulation went beyond what is required by the statute and,  thus, beyond what Congress wrote when requiring noncharity, tax-exempt  organizations to disclose personally identifiable taxpayer information;  namely, the names, addresses and donations for anyone who contributed  $5,000 or more to that particular social welfare organization.  Remember, these contributions are not tax deductible, so the IRS has  less need for this information. It is key to remember that the law  generally requires the returns of tax-exempt organizations be made  publicly available.   Taken together, this means the IRS has been forcing the collection of  information it doesn't need that can easily get leaked out and cause  problems for the IRS, the organizations, the individual donors, and the  American people generally. As such, and in order to avoid these  important privacy issues, the IRS has had to spend very precious time  and resources redacting this information; again, information the agency  did not need to collect in the first place and that does no good in  helping thwart tax evasion or fraud. In the end, this process has  turned into a disproportionate amount of work and expense of taxpayer  dollars with few benefits in return.   All of that, while not the most exciting topic for a dinner  conversation, is what brings us to today. All of that is why the IRS  has been looking at changing this requirement during and since the  Obama administration.   The IRS has broadly noted three reasons for this change: First, as I  mentioned, the IRS doesn't need the personally identifiable information  of these donors to carry out its mission. While this information was  helpful to administering the gift tax in 2015, the Congress changed the  law on the application of the gift tax, so it is no longer relevant  here, and that change was broadly bipartisan.   Second, requiring the reporting of donor information consumes a lot  of time and money both at the IRS as well as the tax-exempt  organizations. This directly conflicts with our goal of making the IRS  more efficient and helpful for American taxpayers.   Third, schedule B returns with personally identifiable information of  donors have a tendency to leak. This poses a risk to taxpayer privacy,  it creates a liability for the IRS, and it erodes the trust of the  American people in our tax collection agency. This risk is very real.  Since 2010, the IRS is aware of at least 14 breaches that resulted in  the unauthorized disclosure of this type of information. Mind you,  those are cases we know of.   That is why, earlier this month, the Trump administration listened to  the agency's concerns, contemplated the facts, and did what any sane  government should do. It enacted changes that would help the IRS focus  on what is important instead of needlessly risking resources and  private taxpayer information.   The administration was wise enough to accept the idea that arose out  of the Obama administration. That is just good government. Yet, if you  have listened to my Democratic colleagues these past few days, you  would think democracy, as we know it, has been destroyed. You might  even think the IRS and the Trump administration have been bought and  paid for by this nebulous so-called dark money.   The truth is, these attacks are just a partisan stunt because even if  you believe in intricate weaving of a conspiracy theory, it ignores the  plain fact that the IRS actually still has access to donor information  if it wants it. Nothing is being deleted.   Instead, leaks of sensitive taxpayer information will be less common,  the IRS is less likely to become a political beach ball smacked back  and forth across the aisle, and this administration had the common  sense to take up a Democratic President's work to eliminate pointless  busy work for the IRS and tax-exempt organizations.   Honestly, if this isn't good government, I don't know what is. Let's  ignore this pointless obstruction and get back to work. After all,  there is a lot to do.   