 Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to speak this evening  about the positive effect the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has had back in  Arkansas' First District. Major industries, businesses, and families  are already experiencing financial relief and enjoy having a few more  dollars in their pockets.   Agriculture is the number one industry in my district and in the  State, adding around $16 billion to the Arkansas economy each year.  Considering this, it was imperative that we pass a tax reform package  that brings relief to farmers and ensures the next generation will be  able to transition into the industry. The old adage that farmers die  land rich but cash poor presented a serious problem under the previous  estate tax exemption.   Farming families often struggled to pass the business from one  generation to the next. However, by doubling the estate tax exemption  in H.R. 1, we are able to bring much-needed support to farming families  as they cope with the loss of a loved one and a new generation takes  over the farm.   Businesses in my district have also experienced savings from the Tax  Cuts and Jobs Act that they passed along to their customers and  employees. Because of the lowered corporate tax rate, Entergy Arkansas,  which provides electricity to all of the counties in my district,  reduced rates for residential and business customers.   Ryder truck rental, which has locations in Jonesboro and Stuttgart,  provided a one-time bonus to eligible employees. In February, Walmart,  which has several locations throughout the State, increased the  starting wage rate for all employees to $11 an hour, expanded maternity  and parental leave benefits, and provided a one-time cash bonus to  eligible employees of up to $1,000.   Most important are the savings Arkansas families will see from taking  home more of their hard-earned paychecks. A middle-income family of  four in Arkansas will see a tax cut of $1,900. That is almost $2,000  extra to spend at businesses throughout the State. I am proud to go  home to my district and tell my constituents that I voted ``yes'' on  the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act because Arkansas farmers, businesses, and  families are already benefiting from this legislation.   