 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Roe and Chairman Isakson  for their leadership throughout the 115th Congress in a bipartisan,  bicameral way for putting together one last package of veterans  priority bills.   To be able to sponsor any bill is a privilege, but to be able to  sponsor a veteran-related bill is both an honor and a privilege.   I want to talk just very quickly about a couple of bills that I was  proud to sponsor. The VA Purchase Card Misuse Mitigation Act: The VA  has been able to use purchase cards for up to $10,000 using government  cards. This act basically allows them to continue to do that, but also  allows the Secretary of the VA to revoke purchase card approval  authority from any employee who is found to be misusing that card.   As chairman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee,  transparency and accountability have been my priorities, and this bill  will keep bad actors in check while making the VA more efficient.   The second bill I was proud to sponsor is the Medical-Surgical  Purchasing Stabilization Act. In pure and simple terms, going to a  prime vendor program in med-surge purchasing was a good idea to control  costs and increase patient outcomes. However, we need to ensure that  the providers, the doctors and the nurses who are actually using those  instruments in surgery or in the clinic, have a say in what is being  purchased, because the goal is to provide outcomes for the veteran, and  those healthcare providers know which instruments are the best to use.   Lastly, the Veterans' Electronic Health Record Modernization Act,  which we have already talked about here, this is key to providing  seamless care from the veterans beginning of their service to the end  of their service. This is overdue, and it needs to be monitored, it  needs to be assessed so that we, as the committee, in a bipartisan way  can make it happen.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I am extremely proud of the bipartisan work  [[Page H9801]]  and I am looking forward to the 116th Congress.   