 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last week I traveled all around my home  State of Wyoming, and many Senators have done the same in their home  States over the last week. I will tell my colleagues that the people I  talked with had a great sense of optimism, confidence, and positiveness  in terms of how things were going with their lives. People were feeling  very positive about the American economy, about their own lives, and of  course about their future.   We just saw new numbers on Friday showing that the American economy  has created more than 1 million new jobs since we passed the Tax Relief  and Jobs Act in December. Since President Trump was elected, we have  actually gotten more than 3 million more Americans working.   Unemployment is now at 3.8 percent, and that matches the lowest rate  in 50 years. Even the New York Times ran a headline saying: ``We Ran  Out of Words to Describe How Good the Jobs Numbers Are.''   Think about that, the New York Times: ``We Ran Out of Words to  Describe How Good the Jobs Numbers Are.''   Every month we have been adding thousands of new jobs in  construction, in manufacturing, in healthcare, and mining. We have had  strong and steady growth, and the American people and American families  are benefiting in every part of the country. It is not just that people  are getting jobs; it is that the jobs are paying better as well.   According to the most recent survey by the National Federation of  Independent Business, there were a record number of small companies  raising their wages last month--a record number raising wages. Average  wages are up by 2.7 percent over the last year. Employers can pay more  because business is booming. They need more workers.   On Tuesday, the Bureau of Labor Statistics said there are now 6.7  million job openings across the country. That is an alltime high. The  Labor Department says that for the first time ever, there are actually  more job openings than there are unemployed people who are looking for  work.   It is an incredible situation. People look around them and see all of  the hiring that is going on and all of the pay raises; it just makes  people confident because they see it at home in their communities. It  is not just something they read in the newspaper. It is not just  something they see on TV. It is what they see at home in their  communities in their own lives and in their own paychecks.   Consumer confidence is at an 18-year high. People know things are  going well. They know they have more money in their pockets, and they  know the American economy is thriving.   The Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta says they are at a pace for the  economy to grow over 4 percent during the second quarter of this year.   Remember that Democrats have been saying there was no way we could  even get to 3 percent. Now the Federal Reserve of Atlanta is saying  over 4 percent, and they say we are actually heading to close to 5. It  is excellent news, and it is not an accident. That is the thing, it is  not an accident. It is happening because of the policies Republicans  are implementing in Congress and in the White House. It is a  partnership.   President Trump has been in office for 500 days, and it has been an  incredibly productive time. He has been wiping burdensome and  unnecessary regulations off the books. He has been making it easier for  people to do their jobs, easier to live their lives.  [[Page S3016]]    President Trump issued an order cutting government redtape. He said  for every significant new rule an agency wanted to write, it had to get  rid of two rules. For every one new rule, get rid of two.   The result has been even better than expected. So far, in this fiscal  year, agencies have cut 38 major regulations of the kind the President  has been talking about. At the same time, they have only written five  new regulations that are major regulations.   President Trump said he would cut two for every one new regulation,  but what we really see is that the number is much closer to eight  regulations cut for every new one.   Republicans in Congress have done the same. We have been cutting  redtape. We have been loosening Washington's stranglehold on the  economy, and we can see it in the economy every day. We have been  cutting the mandates and the restrictions that hold back growth. We  have cut the taxes people pay.   The tax relief law we passed in December was the biggest tax cut in  36 years. It gave people an immediate boost in their take-home pay.  Millions of Americans also got bonuses and raises because of the law.  It has been an enormous boost for the overall economy. We have a  strong, healthy, and growing economy.   It is interesting because every Democrat in the Senate voted against  the tax cut--every one of them. In fact, Nancy Pelosi, the former  Speaker of the House, said that if she had it her way, Democrats would  get rid of the tax relief law and actually raise taxes again.   The American people know that would be a disaster. Democrats' ideas  for higher taxes and lower take-home pay for families and more  government regulation--which is what the Democrats are proposing--would  do incredible damage to our economy and to our country.   Democrats tried their ideas when they were in charge, and they have  failed. We had slow economic growth. We had stagnant wages. Democrats  tried to say this was the new normal for America. The American people  knew that could not be the new normal; it wasn't good enough. The  American people will not tolerate it, and they voted to change it.   People said they wanted Republican ideas and Republican policies. Now  they are seeing the results, and they are living with the benefits.  People are seeing jobs numbers that are so good they have run out of  words. As the headline says: We have run out of words to describe how  good the jobs numbers are.   It has been 500 days, and we are just getting started. What we need  to do now is keep looking for ways to create a growing economy, a  strong economy, a healthy economy, with larger paychecks and more  prosperity right here at home for American families.   One place we can do this is in the area of infrastructure. We can  start with water infrastructure. These are the systems that deliver  drinking water and treat wastewater. They provide water for our crops  and cattle and small businesses. They are used to ship American-made  goods from the heartland to the coasts and around the world. They keep  our homes safe from dangerous floodwaters. They store water for times  of drought.   These systems are vital to our country. They support America's  economic growth and American competitiveness. We need to build,  maintain, and upgrade them.   Over the past 50 years, we have gone from being a society that spends  much more on construction to one spending much more on consumption. As  a result, our bridges and our roads, dams, and waterways have suffered.  That is why I introduced the America's Water Infrastructure Act. It is  a bipartisan bill--something Republicans and Democrats agree we should  do. It is a way to grow the economy, to cut Washington's redtape, and  keep communities safe.   We are going to have a chance in the coming weeks to pass America's  Water Infrastructure Act. Then we are going to look for more ways and  things we can do to keep America growing and strong. That is what  Republicans in Congress are committed to doing.   What this President and this Congress have accomplished together has  truly been historic. We need to keep going. It is what the American  people expect from us, and it is actually what they deserve.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   