 Madam President, I wish to speak briefly. I thank the  Democratic leader for giving me the opportunity to speak for 5 minutes  to do what I have done every week for the past couple of months and  what I will do every week until we get a resolution; that is, to talk  about Pastor Brunson, a Presbyterian minister who has been in prison in  Turkey since October of 2016.   As best as we can tell, the only thing Pastor Brunson is guilty of is  being a missionary who has committed 20 years of his life to working  with people in Turkey who want to hear the Word of God. That is it. We  can talk about--I will not today because my time is limited--all the  trumped-up charges I witnessed when I spent 12 hours in a Turkish  courtroom a couple of months ago or that I discussed with Pastor  Brunson about 3 weeks earlier when I visited him in a prison.   Today what I want to talk about is relevant to the national defense  authorization and the work we have done in committee to put Turkey on  notice that this is unacceptable.   Turkey has been an ally of the United States since 1952. The NATO  alliance commits every member of NATO to send their men and women in  uniform into harm's way to defend the national security of a nation of  the alliance. We have that with Turkey; we have since 1952.   Over the past month or so, we have seen a would-be adversary in North  Korea release three prisoners, we have seen Venezuela release a  prisoner, but in Turkey, since October of 2016, we have seen them hold  a man for almost a year and a half without charges. Then I saw a man go  before a court--and I witnessed for a whole day--being subjected to  some of the most absurd charges possible. Next week, when I have more  time, I will get into those.   I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who voted to put a  provision in the national defense authorization that really makes us  wonder whether we have to rethink our relationship with Turkey,  particularly around the Joint Strike Fighter. The Joint Strike Fighter  is one of the most sophisticated tactical fighters that has ever flown;  arguably, the most sophisticated. Turkey is a NATO ally and, as such,  they have access to that weapons system. In fact, they manufacture a  lot of the critical parts for it.   What we offered in the NDAA is an examination of whether that  relationship makes sense; No. 1, because of the way they are treating  one of our American citizens, not letting him come back home, he and  his wife; and No. 2, if that is the behavior of a NATO ally, is that  really where we should be putting, in our supply chains and in our  defensive systems, one of the most sophisticated weapons, one of the  most important weapons in our arsenal. I, for one, think we have to  look at it.   Until the Turkish Government recognizes that they are illegally  holding Pastor Brunson, and a number of others, then I think we have to  put the spotlight on them and hold them accountable. If I have an  obligation, as a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee and the  Senate, to defend their integrity, they have an obligation to treat our  American citizens with respect.   We have the amendment in the NDAA. We also have another amendment we  may offer. We need to make Turkey know we believe our alliance with  them is important, but it is also important to treat American citizens  who are not guilty of a crime with respect and bring Pastor Brunson  home.   I yield the floor.   