 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill,  and I will speak later on some of the other parts.   I want to talk about the ``abouts'' stuff that is reauthorized in  this bill after the NSA itself stopped doing it earlier last year.   What ``abouts'' collection means is that, for example, if you have  two jihadists that are in Pakistan and are communicating with each  other that they didn't like something that Mr. Nadler said against  jihadists, the FBI can pick up the name ``Nadler'' and go into all of  his emails, all of his texts, all of the information that they have on  him and be able to see what Mr. Nadler had said about jihadists and  much, much more. That is why this bill opens the door to something that  the NSA has closed itself.   We will hear from people who support ``abouts'' collection that  Congress has got a chance to review it. They give us 30 days to do it.  We can't get anything done in 30 days.   Vote ``no'' on the bill.    Mr. Speaker, when James Madison wrote the  Constitution and the Bill of Rights, one of his overriding concerns was  to prevent any branch of the three in government from becoming too  powerful. That is why he put the checks and balances in the  Constitution, so that the other branches could oversee and make sure  that a branch that was trying to push the edge of the envelope would  not be able to succeed in that.   The warrant amendment that has been talked about quite a bit today  during the debate really is not effective. It is nothing at all. It  ends up putting James Madison's legacy into the trash bin of history,  and it does not deserve to go there.   Yesterday, The Washington Post reported that FBI officials told aides  of Mr. Nadler that, under the proposed bill--meaning the underlying  bill--they anticipate rarely, if ever, needing permission from the FISC  to review query results. So this warrant requirement of the supporters  of the bill and the opponents of the amendment basically doesn't mean  anything at all because the FBI told Mr. Nadler's aides that that was  the case.   Now, we have a debate here today on whether to put the F back into  the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. The F means ``foreign.''  That is why  [[Page H156]]  the amendment should be adopted, or, if it fails, then the underlying  bill should be defeated.   This is a time to stand up for the oath of office that every one of  us took a year ago to protect and defend the Constitution of the United  States against all enemies, foreign and domestic. The only way we can  do that today is by supporting the Amash amendment and defeating the  underlying bill.   