 Mr. President, I come to the floor to raise my concerns  over the outcome of the summit between the United States and North  Korea.   Now, after witnessing heated rhetoric from both sides, the unexpected  turn toward diplomacy by President Trump and Kim Jong Un was, by all  accounts, a very welcome development. As there is no military solution  to the North Korean nuclear crisis, I was encouraged to see direct  engagement, and I have long advocated for this approach. However, I am  concerned that the agreement signed this morning does little to address  the threats and challenges we face.   First, the text of the statement was the most vague and least  detailed of any signed by North Korea over the past three decades.  Despite his claims to the contrary, President Trump got a weaker deal,  with fewer commitments, than any of his predecessors. Nowhere does the  document explain what ``complete denuclearization of the Korean  Peninsula'' means. For example, Kim Jong Un can easily interpret the  language to mean he will only relinquish his nuclear weapons once the  United States does the same. After all, history shows us that North  Korea interprets the term ``Korean Peninsula'' to include any U.S.  nuclear weapon capable of striking North Korea. The loopholes in the  agreement, it seems, are big enough to fly nuclear missiles through.   By contrast, previous agreements were much more stringent. The 1992  joint declaration signed by North and South Korea, for example,  included conditions such as ``South and North Korea shall not test,  manufacture, produce, receive, possess, store, deploy, or use nuclear  weapons,'' and ``South and North Korea shall not possess nuclear  reprocessing and uranium enrichment facilities.'' Unfortunately,  neither of those commitments appears in the latest agreement. The  language instead suggests something worrying.   As the administration must have realized this agreement was not as  strong as the previous ones, it appears it was unable to convince North  Korea to adopt tougher, more detailed commitments. If true, we should  take the hint that North Korea has not yet felt the economic pressure  necessary to compel it to accept our definition of  ``denuclearization''--one where the Kim regime relinquishes its nuclear  weapons and its means to produce more.   It appears, Kim Jong Un, having stockpiled a wide range of illicit  and dangerous weapons, believes he is negotiating from a position of  strength, rather than from a position of weakness. While the Trump  administration said it has imposed maximum pressure, the truth is, we  haven't yet reached that level that could be called maximum pressure.   North Korea must understand that even if China eases the pressure, we  in Congress are ready to step in to tighten the screws on the North  Korean economy.   President Trump appears to have made a second unforced error. By  agreeing to curtail our joint military exercises with the South  Koreans, President Trump let Kim Jong Un dictate our military  activities with other countries. By proclaiming that our exercises are  ``provocative,'' he has adopted the North Korea propaganda. By  proclaiming that our exercises are ``expensive,'' he showed that he  does not grasp our alliance commitments. Yes, some military exercises  are costly, but as any businessperson should know, the more important  indicator is value. If a high cost is outweighed by even greater  benefits, then we should be willing to pay the cost.   Our military exercises improve the readiness of our forces to deter  and, if necessary, defeat North Korean aggression. Will North Korea be  sufficiently deterred without U.S. and South Korean forces standing  shoulder to shoulder? Will the chance of conflict decrease?   It was telling--and very regrettable--that the South Korean  Government needed to issue a statement asking the Trump administration  to clarify its comment about military exercises. It seems the Blue  House in South Korea was not consulted.   What signal does it send to China that our presence in the region,  which has helped keep peace and stability for decades, may be  sacrificed to save a bit of money? The Trump administration might have  unwittingly given a green light to China to pursue more aggressive  actions in the region.   Now, I have been warning that we must watch out for the old Kim  family playbook--one that has been used throughout the Clinton, Bush,  and Obama administrations. Well, the Kim family playbook was on the  field yet again last night, and President Trump fell for all of the  plays.   As it has done in the past, North Korea showed it is trying to, No.  1, front load the rewards and delay concessions. As indicated by the  post-summit statement from China's Foreign Ministry, Pyongyang and  Beijing already appear to be working together to remove sanctions  despite the lack of tangible evidence of denuclearization.   No. 2, from the Kim family playbook, use sleight of hand to make  irrelevant actions seem meaningful. By supposedly demolishing its  nuclear test site and a missile engine test stand, North Korea is  claiming it has made real progress, despite not destroying a single  warhead or missile.   No. 3, in the Kim family playbook, exploit ambiguity. The Trump-Kim  agreement is so vague that it imposes no clear requirements on North  Korea. What we should want is reconciliation, not repetition of what  has happened decade after decade when the Kim family uses its playbook  to delay concessions they make while front-end loading the rewards they  receive.   We can all agree that we need a plan to stop North Korea's plutonium  production and uranium enrichment, that suspends and then eliminates  its ballistic missile program, that permanently dismantles and removes  all of its nuclear, chemical, and biological weapons, and that  implements a compliance inspection program with a strong verification  regime--suspend, eliminate, dismantle, remove, and verify every single  step of the way.   Most of us agree on what a deal should look like, but the trick is  figuring out how to get there, and the hard work lies ahead to  successfully navigate the hazards.   No. 1, do not sell out our allies. We must not allow North Korea to  believe the alliance framework, which has served as the foundation for  regional peace and security, is anything other than  unshakeable. Unfortunately, South Korea seemed to be caught off guard  by President Trump's announcement on military exercises.    No. 2, do not prematurely release the pressure valve. China, North  Korea's chief enabler, already is easing pressure on North Korea. North  Korean goods already are becoming more abundant in China, despite being  banned by United Nations Security Council resolutions, and immediately  following the summit, the Chinese Foreign Ministry suggested making  adjustments to existing sanctions on North Korea.   If China wants to be taken seriously as a responsible global power,  it cannot shirk its duties to enforce sanctions on serial violators  like North Korea. If North Korea backslides at any point, China must be  tougher on North Korea, including cutting off all of the crude oil  exports to the North Korean regime, which still flows in every day from  China.   No. 3, focus on the threat at hand. North Korea's nuclear warheads  and other dangerous weapons and their delivery systems are real  threats. The administration must not fall for North Korea's inevitable  theatrics and false concessions, as we cannot afford to be sidetracked.  After all, nothing would stop North Korea from conducting another  nuclear or missile test if it even believes its warheads and missiles  need more testing.   No. 4, build American diplomatic capability and infrastructure.  Diplomacy is a team sport, and no matter what commitments leaders make,  it is only through a well-staffed and well-resourced professional  diplomatic core that it becomes a reality. The State Department must  have the resources it needs to conduct American foreign policy around  the globe and especially with regard to Asia and North Korea.   The outcome of this summit clearly indicates how much we need the  advice of career diplomats and technical experts.   And, No. 5, come to Congress. To achieve a lasting solution to the  crisis,  [[Page S3736]]  the Trump administration must work with Congress to shape the contours  of any future deal. Any final agreement should take the form of a  treaty, to be ratified by the U.S. Senate, so as to increase its shelf  life.   Without following principles like this and without a clear  understanding of our previous diplomatic efforts with North Korea, we  could fail. We owe it to our fellow Americans to successfully reduce  the threats we face because the threats from North Korea are  significant.   Unlike other countries with nuclear programs, North Korea already  possesses thermonuclear warheads and the ballistic missiles to deliver  them. It has shorter range missiles that cast a dark shadow over our  allies, South Korea and Japan. Pyongyang possesses some of the foulest  toxins on the planet, and it brutally represses, imprisons, tortures,  and kills its own citizens. So we must address these myriad threats.   As it turns out, negotiating with North Korea is harder than the  President thought. So we must continue to squeeze the regime so that it  cannot access the resources necessary to maintain or expand its  military capabilities. After all, a combination of direct engagement,  backed by pressure, is the only solution to the North Korean threat to  the United States, our allies, and to the broader region.   Now, Mr. President, I would like to spend a few minutes discussing  amendments that I am filing to the National Defense Authorization Act.  My amendments would help to reduce the nuclear dangers the world faces  today and in the future by either canceling or redirecting funds the  Trump administration would use to develop a new so-called low-yield  nuclear weapon toward preparing for nonproliferation activities that  will be essential to helping denuclearize North Korea.   I also want to thank my colleagues Senators Elizabeth Warren and Jack  Reed, who have been tremendous leaders on the Armed Services Committee,  in working to ensure that proper congressional authorization is secured  for any new or modified nuclear weapons. There is no more important job  for Congress than stopping the spread of nuclear weapons, and I thank  Senators Warren and Reed for their leadership and commitment to this  important task.   Let's be clear. When the Trump administration talks about a so-called  low-yield nuclear weapon, they are still referring to nuclear weapons  comparable to the nuclear bomb that destroyed Hiroshima in the Second  World War. There is no such thing as a low-yield nuclear weapon. A  nuclear weapon is a nuclear weapon, and they are fundamentally  different than any other tool of war. They destabilize. They  annihilate. They force others to do the same. This is where the term  ``MAD,'' or mutually assured destruction, comes from.   For these reasons, they should never be used, and we should never  falter in the ongoing struggle to reduce and eventually eliminate the  danger nuclear weapons pose to the world.   But, instead, the Trump administration wants new nuclear weapons,  and, unfortunately, its efforts to develop new, more usable low-yield  nuclear weapons, like the W76-2, seem to be driven more by political  requirements than by military requirements. Our military commanders  didn't ask for this or any other nuclear weapon. Instead, the Trump  administration told them that they were getting this new low-yield  nuclear weapon in its Nuclear Posture Review earlier this year, which  needlessly expanded our nuclear warfighting capabilities and threatened  new scenarios under which we might use our nuclear weapons to respond.  The Nuclear Posture Review called for new low-yield weapons, like the  W76-2, for unretiring old, Cold War-era ones like the B-83 megaton  gravity bomb and expanding the scenarios under which we might respond  with nuclear weapons.   We already have hundreds of low-yield nuclear weapons, including the  B61 gravity bomb and an air-launched cruise missile, and we will spend  hundreds of billions of dollars to upgrade these systems, as well as to  develop a new stealth bomber and fighter aircraft to deliver them, as  part of the existing nuclear modernization program.   Given this current capacity, as well as the lack of any documents,  reports, or studies justifying the sudden, previously unrecognized,  need for a new low-yield weapon as part of America's nuclear deterrent,  it is hard to understand why we need to spend more money to develop a  low-yield nuclear weapon that will add additional strain to a nuclear  complex that is already operating at levels unseen since the Cold War  and that could jeopardize the existing modernization program which  enjoys bipartisan support and which our military leaders have said is  the most important nuclear requirement for the military. It makes no  sense to spend more money to develop a low-yield nuclear weapon,  dangerously indistinguishable from a strategic one, especially when our  military does not need it. They did not request it.   That is why I have fought this weapon from the very start and am  offering an amendment to focus on funding activities that will be  necessary to reduce the nuclear danger to the world--whether now or in  the future--instead of adding to it by developing a completely  unjustified low-yield weapon that adds to the risk that we can actually  contemplate fighting a winnable nuclear war. That makes no sense  whatsoever--a new nuclear weapon that the Pentagon did not ask for. We  should be heading in the opposite direction. That is the signal that we  should be sending to the rest of the world.   With regard to the summit, my hope is that there will be some details  that indicate what the concessions have been made by Kim to the United  States and to the world. Thus far, there is no evidence of that. I fear  that the only thing that will last from this summit will be the photo,  because we will not have had the concessions made that, on a verifiable  basis can, in fact, be confirmed and that make the Korean Peninsula and  make the world a safer place to be.   So today is a momentous day. This will be a momentous week on the  floor of the Senate, as well, in the debate of this new armed services  bill, and I am looking forward to this incredibly important discussion.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   