 Madam President, I appreciate being recognized. I am  going to talk about a budget proposal by my colleague from Kentucky,  Senator Paul.   To those who want to balance our budget and get us out of debt, count  me in. How do we do that? I would like to do it without destroying the  military. I would like not to open up the wound when it comes to the  effects of sequestration.   Unfortunately, Senator Paul's approach is devastating to the  military. It creates unpredictability at a time when we need  predictability. It throws us back into the old system where nobody  knows what is going to happen.   Let me tell you about how you balance the budget and get us out of  debt.   In 2008, this blue line represents discretionary spending. This is  about 30 percent of overall Federal spending. You can see that from  2008 to 2028 it has been relatively flat. In the budget agreement we  entered into just a few weeks ago, we are spending less on nondefense  discretionary spending by $2 billion than we did in 2010. This red line  represents about the 65 to 70 percent of Federal spending called  entitlements, and it is going through the roof. So if you want to  balance the budget, you have to deal with the red line. You can't take  it all out of the blue line.   Sequestration has taken about $1 trillion out of the military. I  compliment President Trump for entering into a budget agreement that  will restore funding to the military at a time when we need it the  most.   What did sequestration do to the military? According to Secretary  Mattis, ``no enemy in the field has done more to harm the combat  readiness of  [[Page S2743]]  our military than sequestration.'' What a stunning statement that is.  In other words, Congress has sunk more ships, shot down more planes,  and taken more soldiers off the battlefield than any enemy.   Under sequestration, we are at the smallest level for the Navy since  1915, the smallest Army since 1940, and the smallest Air Force in  modern history. That is about to change with the budget agreement--$700  billion for the military to retool, to buy new equipment, to have more  people so that our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines can spend a  little bit of time with their families instead of being deployed all  the time. So I applaud Senator Paul's zeal to balance the budget.   What I want to do is to expose what this budget actually does. If you  are a defense hawk, you should be against this approach because it does  the one thing we can't afford to do. It creates unpredictability when  it comes to our national defense strategy.   At times like this, I miss Senator McCain because I know he would be  here with me.   Under this proposal, we are going to cut $404.8 billion next year.  How much comes out of defense? Well, we will figure that out later. We  know $6 billion has to come out of it, but it effectively sets aside  the budget agreement that plussed up defense. Over the next decade,  $13.358 trillion will be cut. Of that, how much comes out of defense?  Well, we will figure that out later.   Let me tell you what that means to the military: devastation. Here is  what Secretary Mattis said on April 26 about predictability: We need  predictability so that we can actually put a strategy into effect. If  you do not have a budget that reflects the strategy, it does not work.   Under the budget agreement, we have predictability for the next  couple of years. We are restoring the cuts, and we have to build on  what we have done in the next 2 years through the next 10 years.   What does this budget proposal do? It destroys predictability. It  requires $404.8 billion, and it doesn't tell the Department of Defense  how much they are going to have to pay. We know $6 billion.   Here is what I would suggest. If the past is any indication of the  future, our friends on the other side are not going to let us exempt  defense. Sequestration was half out of defense, half out of nondefense,  and left entitlements pretty much alone.   Senator Paul says we are not going to deal with Social Security.  Social Security is going broke. Somebody needs to deal with it. Ronald  Reagan and Tip O'Neill dealt with it by adjusting the age of retirement  to save Social Security benefits. So when you take Social Security off  the table--and let's say, magically, that everybody agreed with me that  we should not undercut the defense budget, that we should actually add  to it and give predictability--how do you get $13 trillion if you take  Social Security and defense off the table? Well, we won't because you  can't.   So to those who claim to be defense hawks--which I proudly claim to  be--this is a symbolic vote. Yes, the symbolism here is that we don't  care about predictability when it comes to defense spending, that we  are undercutting the agreement we achieved just a month ago to give the  military the funds they need to defend this Nation.   Now, if you live in a world where the military is small and we don't  have any troops deployed anywhere, this might work. On September 10,  2001, we didn't have one soldier in Afghanistan. We didn't have an  embassy, and not one dime in foreign aid went to Afghanistan. The next  day, we got attacked, coming from Afghanistan, because radical Islam  will not leave you alone just because you want to leave them alone.   President Trump is right to rebuild the military. He campaigned on  setting aside sequestration. It was dumb. It hollowed out our force. It  has been a nightmare for our military. Planes have been falling out of  the sky.   What does this budget do? It puts us back into a level of  unpredictability. It requires $404 billion out of the 2019 budget. It  says that $6 billion has to come from defense. After that, we don't  know.   Here is what I know. It is going to undercut everything we have done  to provide predictability. At the end of the day, this budget puts  everything every defense person has been hoping for in jeopardy. It  takes the efforts of President Trump to rebuild the military and throws  it in a ditch, because if you take Social Security off the table, if  you took defense off the table, then you can't get there from here. Do  you want to destroy the FBI, the CIA, the Department of Justice, the  NIH?    This is a symbolic statement. These budgets usually don't get many  votes. I am tired of symbolism at the expense of our fighting men and  women.   Here is my message. I will engage in entitlement reform. Senator Paul  had an entitlement reform bill for Medicare. I joined with him. As for  Social Security, to my friends on the other side, let's do something  like Simpson-Bowles. Let's go ahead and find a way to do entitlement  reform and deal with the discretionary budget, not in a haphazard  guessing kind of way.   Count me in for wanting to balance the budget, but you have to go  where the money is. You have to do what Ronald Reagan and Tip O'Neill  did. We have to do things for Medicare like the Gang of Six, Simpson- Bowles. What I will not symbolically lend my vote to is an approach to  balance the budget that doesn't give you a clue about how much money we  are going to spend on the military for the next decade. That, by its  very nature, undercuts all of the gains we have achieved to rebuild the  military, to throw the military budget to the wolves.   I can tell you this: $404.8 billion is coming out of the fiscal year  2019 budget. If you believe we can do that without affecting the  military, then the last 7 or 8 years seems not to have meant anything,  because for the last 6 or 7 years we have been cutting the military a  lot because of a budget agreement that everybody thought would never  happen. Nobody believed that sequestration would actually hit, that we  would do $1 trillion over a decade. The sequestration clause was a  penalty clause to urge people to get it right by putting the Defense  Department at risk, with 50 percent of sequestration cuts coming out of  defense. The reason they put it on the table is because they thought  Congress wouldn't be dumb enough to actually get into sequestration.  Guess what. We were that dumb. According to General Mattis, we have  done more damage to the military than any enemy in the field since 9/ 11--what a title to claim as a Congress.   This budget throws us back into that situation on steroids. So,  symbolically, I stand for balancing the budget, doing it in a  responsible way that has entitlement reform as the heart of the effort  in a bipartisan fashion.   Symbolically, I will not vote for a budget that does not give the  Department of Defense the resources they need and the predictability  they need to protect this country. That is what this budget does.   So to those of us on the Armed Services Committee, you should know  better. You should know that of the $13.5 trillion being cut over the  next decade, a lot of it is going to come out of defense if it actually  was a reality. If you take defense and Social Security off the table,  it is a joke. Now is not the time to be funny. Now is the time to be  serious. I am deadly serious about voting against any budget that  doesn't give the military the predictability they need to defend this  Nation. This budget throws our military in a ditch, and I am tired of  doing that.   I am going to vote no. I urge everyone who cares about Defense  Department funding and predictability to vote no. Balance the budget,  yes. Throw the military to the wolves, no.   I yield the floor.   