 Mr. President, I rise today to commemorate the life of  Senator John McCain along with my colleagues.   John is an American icon whose legacy is known not only across our  Nation but around the world. His belief in American exceptionalism was  unwavering, and it propelled him to a lifelong service to our Nation.   Few have demonstrated John's level of commitment and service to our  country. Through both, his bravery serving in the U.S. Navy and his  long tenure in Congress, he demonstrated his deep love of country.   As the son and grandson of four-star admirals, John began serving  this country at an early age. He followed in their footsteps and  attended the U.S. Naval Academy and was later commissioned as a naval  aviator.   He served in the Vietnam war, where he was captured and spent 5\1/2\  years as a prisoner of war. During those years, through torture and  misery, he never gave up. He was offered freedom but refused to be  released unless every other prisoner was released with him. Think about  that. He was flying over Vietnam and was shot down. He was projected  from his plane and landed in a lake in Hanoi. He was bruised, in  terrible shape, put in a prison, and was clearly in incredible pain,  and, through it all, he was offered an opportunity to go home early,  and he said: Nope, I am not going unless all of the POWs go. Think of  the strength and character that takes. It is almost unfathomable.   I always affectionately refer to him as an admiral because both his  father and grandfather were full admirals. There is no doubt that  Senator McCain would have been an admiral had he stayed in the Navy, as  well. It was just the way that I could recognize his amazing service in  a fun way and in a personal way. Here is somebody, when you talk about  serving our country in the military, who just epitomizes that grit,  that determination, that character, and that service that we love,  respect, and honor so much in our servicemen and servicewomen.   John's perseverance followed him as he began serving our Nation as a  Member of Congress and in the U.S. Senate. He fought fiercely for what  he believed in. Everyone talks about how, when he took a position, he  took it with a passion. So whenever you debated him, discussed things  with him, and worked with him--whether you were on the same side or if  you disagreed with him--he had that amazing passion that came through,  and many have remarked on it. It was a remarkable trait. It is part of  that warrior in him.   For the entirety of his life, John endlessly advocated for our men  and women in uniform. He served, and he served them throughout his life  in the Senate. Working with him to support our servicemembers and  veterans is something that I will never forget.   What many people will not know about John, though, is his warmth as a  friend. You know, you hear about his temper. He could be mercurial.  Although, then he would get over it, and you would be right back  working again.   You heard about his incredible energy, about his war record, his time  as a POW, the things he did as a Senator, but one thing that I think  you don't hear as often but that was very much true is that he had a  tremendous, tremendous sense of humor, and that came through so often  in his interviews.   He was also a warm person. I can remember when somebody would come to  my office and want to meet Senator McCain. If it worked out timewise, I  would take them over, and we would go over to Senator McCain's office.  I would say: Hey, I have somebody here who would just like to say hi to  John, get his picture and meet him.   If he was there, almost every time he would bring them in. It wasn't  a case of getting enough time or getting a quick picture, or something  like that. Invariably, he would have them come in, sit down, talk with  him, and take pictures, and pretty soon he would be taking them all  around his office and showing them pictures of his family--he was so  proud of his family, his grandfather, his father--and his mementoes,  all the amazing things that made up his amazing life. He loved it, and  he was so warm.   There are so many things that I will never forget, but that is one  that I truly treasure and will always remember. Here is Senator McCain,  somebody who is known across America, around the world. He was  certainly an icon and a colleague, obviously, to all of us, but he was  somebody who really was a friend. When you went over and you wanted to  talk to him about something or take someone over to see him, or  whatever it was, he was a friend. He was somebody who was down-to- earth, who was a person you could connect with at a real level. That is  pretty amazing for somebody who lived such an incredible life.    We will miss John McCain. May God bless him. From my wife Mikey and  myself, to John's wife Cindy and the entire McCain family, we join with  you in mourning his loss and honoring his tremendous memory and legacy.   I yield the floor.   