 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in strong support of  H.R. 6082, the Overdose Prevention and Patient Safety Act. This  legislation will improve the ability of medical professionals to  properly care for patients by allowing physicians access to a  patient's full medical record, including information about substance  use disorder treatment, while ensuring robust privacy protections.    As a physician, I know that patients don't always notify their  doctors of all the medications they are taking, and not having a  complete medical record or knowing a patient's background can result in  potentially life-threatening complications related to medical  treatment. I have seen this in my own practice, and my wife sees this  almost daily in her anesthesia practice.   This is commonsense legislation which will ensure patients receive  appropriate healthcare, while also ensuring the medical information  remains private. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R.  6082.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Olson and Mr. Johnson for  hosting this Special Order.   Manufacturing is a key industry that helps drive Indiana's strong  economy. According to the National Association of Manufacturers,  Indiana manufacturers exported $33.78 billion in goods and employed  16.8 percent of the Hoosier workforce in 2016. Much of the credit for  such a strong manufacturing presence in Indiana is its relationship  with natural gas.   In 2016, a comprehensive study was released detailing the positive  effects that domestic natural gas brought to communities across the  Nation. The study prepared by the National Association of Manufacturers  provides examples of how natural gas is increasing the industrial  strength and worldwide competitiveness of American companies.   Among the findings, the study said that the natural gas industry has  added nearly 1.9 million total jobs to the economy and saved working  American families an average of $1,300 in disposable income in a single  year through the production and use of shale gas.   According to the study, the U.S. supply of natural gas is projected  to increase by 48 percent throughout the course of the next decade,  resulting from the growing demand for this energy source.   During periods of high commodity prices, companies that rely on a  high volume of natural gas to manufacture products can find it  difficult to maintain a competitive advantage in an increasingly global  market. However, an abundant supply of domestic natural gas has led to  a reduction in natural gas prices. In turn, this increased  affordability is allowing these companies to increase their  manufacturing output.   Further, the transportation of natural gas through an expanding  national pipeline network means that this clean-burning natural  resource is also becoming more accessible for American companies and  presents a growing number of manufacturing opportunities.   Through the increased production of domestic shale gas alone, more  than a million American jobs were created to help meet the demand for  the energy source.   Additionally, the need for the manufacturing of new natural gas  transmission pipelines across the Nation added several hundred thousand  jobs on top of that. This surge in new jobs, coupled with the monetary  profits gained from additional natural gas production, has led to a GDP  hike of $190 billion. Ultimately, this translates into more disposable  income in the pockets of hardworking Americans.   Finally, the use of natural gas, both as a fuel source and a raw  material, has resulted in environmental benefits as well, and we should  not lose sight of that.   With the International World Gas Conference just 1 week away, I am  proud of the continued growth and success of our domestic natural gas  industry, which is helping to power this country's economic and  manufacturing growth.   