 Mr. President, on May 5 of this year, NASA launched the  InSight rocket. That probe, the InSight probe, has traveled 300 million  miles since May of this year and has touched down safely on Mars. It is  a remarkable achievement. The United States is the only country in the  world that has any probes on Mars. We have several now that are moving  around and are stable. The technology behind that--the thought, the  design, the engineering, the work--is a remarkable achievement for the  science community.   The 300 million-plus miles that it has traveled since May and to be  able to land safely is a remarkable achievement. I compared that 300- mile journey of the InSight probe and safely landing on Mars to our now  two-decades-long conversation trying to solve immigration.  [[Page S7206]]    As Americans, we have figured out how to travel 300 million miles,  but we have not been able to figure out how to manage our own  immigration policy. This is the 10th time I have come to this floor to  talk about immigration in just the last 3 years.   Earlier this year in February, we had a tremendous amount of work  that was happening here in the Senate to try to come to a set of  agreements about how we can manage the immigration policy in the United  States, and those agreements failed. While InSight was traveling 300  million miles, the Senate still did nothing to solve the issue of  immigration.   We watched today several thousand people in Tijuana living in a  soccer stadium after they left from Honduras. They traveled into  Guatemala. The Guatemalans deported several thousands of them and said:  You didn't cross legally from Honduras into Guatemala.   Then they approached the border between Guatemala and Mexico, and  Mexico put their law enforcement and their military on the border and  said: You can't just cross the border illegally from Guatemala to  Mexico. Then they charged the bridge, overran the law enforcement and  the military of the Mexican police, went around into the river, and  then regrouped again and continued to move forward to Mexico.   Mexico offered them asylum, which I thought was incredibly gracious,  based on the way they crossed into Mexico. Mexico offered them asylum  and the ability to stay in Mexico. They offered them assistance all  along the way. They did arrest some troublemakers along the way.   Now they have made their way all the way through Mexico, and they are  just outside San Diego. A few days ago, the same group rushed our  border to see if our border would cave the same way the southern border  of Mexico did. Yet we did not.   Interestingly enough, that group of several thousand people who  rushed the border, who are now parked on that border, are literally  living within a few 100 yards of the largest legal border crossing in  the world--the San Diego crossing. There are 100,000 people a day who  legally cross the border from Mexico into the United States, within  feet of where they charged the border and demanded to get entry into  the United States. Let me just set that for you again side by side.  There are 100,000 people every single day who legally cross the border  from Mexico into the United States at the Tijuana-San Diego crossing.  Yet the attention is not on the 100,000 who are legally crossing the  border. The cameras are turned toward the few thousand who are trying  to rush the border illegally. Our perspective is out of whack.   We are not a closed country to immigration. We are an open country to  immigration. There are 1.1 million people who last year became citizens  of the United States--1.1 million--but we are a Nation that has order  and structure.   We have 1 million people every single day who leave the United  States, coming in legally either through Canada or through Mexico or  based on flights. Our law enforcement folks who handle all the issues  there--Border Patrol, customs, and all of the different folks from  ICE--do a tremendous job every single day.   I think Secretary Nielsen and her leadership has been stellar in  their leadership to help manage through a PR nightmare that has been  created because the cameras want to focus on a few people crossing  illegally and refuse to turn the cameras just 15 degrees and focus on  100,000 people coming across the border legally.   We do have to do something about our immigration policy. We are a  Nation that has been open to immigrants our entire history as a nation,  and we remain so and should remain so.   But the question seems to get spun up on this one issue: What do we  do about someone who intentionally breaks the law to come into our  country? How do we treat them versus the person who has gone through  the process and who is legally coming into the country? Are they to be  treated the same if they illegally cross the border at San Diego as  someone who legally crosses the border at San Diego, or do we treat  them differently?   Last year, there were 400,000 people who were arrested for illegally  crossing our southern border--400,000. Again, that may seem like an  incredibly large number, but let me put that back in perspective. Half  a million people--that would be 500,000 people--legally cross our  border on the south every day. So we had 400,000 people arrested  crossing our southern border illegally--400,000--but yet over the total  of an entire year, there are 400,000 people arrested, but every single  day 500,000 people legally cross our entire southern border. As I  mentioned, 100,000 of those are just at San Diego.   We, as Americans, need to make decisions about how we are going to  handle immigration. I think we have to get some numbers and some  perspective in place because all of the attention seems to be  distracting us from the actual facts and numbers. So let me run through  some things.   There has been a lot of conversation about family units, about what  it means for family units to be able to come in and whether family  units should be separated. Let me make it very clear. I have been very  outspoken to say that family units need to stay together whenever  possible.   We are Americans. We are very passionate about families. If a family  unit crosses the border illegally, as much as possible, we need to keep  that family unit together. That may mean we need to have them in a spot  in a detention unit or someplace where they can actually stay together  as a family as much as possible, but, for whatever reason, the courts  have not allowed us to go through that system. I think that is  something that this Congress needs to respond to and needs to step up  to, but this Congress has been unwilling to have the votes that it  takes to make sure family units stay together because the drama of  tearing families apart looks so much better on TV.    What has been the result of that? The result is a massive increase in  the number of children who are coming to our border. This may sound  familiar to you, and it should. In 2014, under the time of President  Obama, he announced the DACA proposal, or Deferred Action for Childhood  Arrivals, President Obama looked at those individuals who were living  in the country here, who had been here for a long time, who came as  children. Their parents broke the law by crossing the border, but they  were children.   In American law, we do not punish children for the actions of their  parents. We don't do that. So President Obama looked at these kids and  said: You have grown up in our country. Your parents violated the law,  but you did not. We are going to give you deferred action. We are going  to give you the opportunity to be able to work and to be able to live  here. It wasn't citizenship, but it is an opportunity to stay here and  to work.   As soon as that was announced, within months, the American border  started being flooded with unaccompanied minors--kids 17 years old and  younger who would cross the border. They showed up in the thousands.  They were brought by human smugglers from Central America who make  their living moving people from Central America to the United States.  That business started traveling all through Central America saying:  President Obama is going to allow you to be able to stay in the  country. He has just announced this program, and if you will go now  with me, you will get to stay in America.   So parents were literally surrendering their teenagers, most of them  boys, and saying to their boys: Go to America and go find a job and  work and send money back. They would send their kids with human  smugglers.   President Obama then said: Time out. That is not what I said.  President Obama was very clear to say: You had to have been here years  ago. You are not eligible if you cross the border now. Do not come.   Our State Department actively worked to get the message out in  Central America, saying: Do not come. You will not be able to stay.   But the human smugglers were telling them: They are just kidding. I  am going to take you, and we will show you that we can get you in.   What happened is that they started bringing kids by the thousands up  to the border. When they got there, they were introduced to the border  folks. They would go in, and they would get an opportunity to all stay.  They would get a piece of paper that said they can't be deported while  they go through their paperwork.  [[Page S7207]]    Those kids then were taking a picture of that piece of paper, saying:  I got in. I am legal.   They were snapping that picture and sending it back on social media  to their friends in Central America. It just accelerated, and it blew  up into huge numbers.   In my State of Oklahoma, President Obama used one of the military  bases there in Watonga, OK. He converted one of the dorms and was  moving unaccompanied minors into this military base around a big giant  fence in the middle of the base, just as he used other military bases  to house unaccompanied minors because they were coming in such large  numbers that they couldn't be managed. That was under President Obama's  time.   It took a long time--several years--to get the message back out to  Central America: Stop sending your unaccompanied minors because it is  not just an automatic entry.   Then the conversation started about family units, saying: If you come  as a family unit, you are going to be able to get in.   Now, that is not what everybody was saying here, but that is what the  smugglers said back in Central America. They said: Hey, the Americans  allow you to come in if you come in as a family unit. So bring a child  with you, and you can get in.   Over the last year, we have watched the number of adults showing up  with a child on our southern border dramatically increase by the tens  of thousands--an unintended consequence.   It is interesting. Some may have noted over the weekend a Washington  Post story that was titled: ``For Central Americans, children open a  path to the U.S.--and bring a discount.'' The Washington Post story was  a story about research they are doing in Central America on these human  smugglers and what they are doing now in their business. In the story  they detailed that it will cost $10,000 if you travel as an adult, but  if you bring a child with you, you and the child can come for $4,500.  So it is half price if you bring a kid, and families are so desperate  in that area to get some kind of assistance that, literally, adult  males, mostly, are going to families and saying: Let me take your child  with me. I will get a discount, and then I will send you some cash  back, and I will try to enroll this child in an American school or find  somebody to take care of them.   We have individuals who are now showing up at our southern border who  are bringing a child they are not related to because they get a  discount on their human smuggling time, and they get more expedited  process to be able to actually get across the border to request asylum.  Although, they are not actually requesting asylum. They are just  getting across the border and trying to find a job. It is economics.   Do we not see what is happening? We are encouraging the human  trafficking of children from Central America, from unrelated adults, to  come here. It has a nickname in Central America now, which the  Washington Post story highlighted. It is called ``adoptions.'' That is  the new nickname--that I am going to take my child and adopt them out  to some unrelated adult so they can get into America cheaper and  faster, and, hopefully, things turn out for that kid as well. Our  broken immigration system is encouraging this, and we need to address  it.   Over the last 2 years, Congress has appropriated about $1.7 billion  to build 124 miles of new or replacement fencing along the border. This  funding is not some tall, concrete tapeworm running along the southern  border. It is a fence.   In 2006, it wasn't controversial for the Secure Fence Act. The Secure  Fence Act built 650 miles of wall--fence--along the southern border.  That fence was very effective.   For instance, earlier this year, Congress provided funding to replace  14 miles of fencing along the border between San Diego and Tijuana,  Mexico. For the last 20 years, the border between Tijuana and San Diego  has been actually old metal sheets from the Vietnam era that were used  in Vietnam to lay out on the jungle floor to land helicopters on. They  took that old sheet metal decades ago when they brought it back, and  then they used it as the fencing between San Diego and Tijuana. That  fencing is being replaced.    Congress provided the funding, and DHS has done 18-foot-high,  bollard-style fencing, open fencing that you can see through, not the  solid sheet metal that is up there. Although the actual final results  haven't been released on it yet, the border agents on the ground have  said they used to have 10 illegal crossings a day through that old- style fencing. Now they have one illegal crossing a month through that  new fencing.   For all of the whining and all of the conversation I hear, which is  that if you build a fence, it is just a ladder, it has dropped from 10  a day to 1 a month, just when the fencing changed. It also allows our  agents to see a danger or a risk on the other side and respond to it.   By the end of the next fiscal year, DHS will have completed about 120  miles of new fencing in California, Nevada, and Texas. They have also  installed 100 different video towers because it is not about fencing,  it is also about technology and the ability to see what is happening at  the border. We don't need fencing in every area of a 2,000-mile border.   Just since January 2017 until now, DHS has put up 31 different fixed  surveillance towers along the southern border. They have put in 74  different remote video surveillance systems all along our southern  border and 7 command and control facilities on the southern border.  They put up a tunnel threat program. They have put in what is called a  linear ground detection system and a fiber optic detection system  across our southern border in many areas to detect the tunnels that are  being dug to move illegal narcotics, mostly, in those tunnels, rather  than people. They put up mobile surveillance systems.   This is not just about fencing, it is also about technology. DHS has  done both, and it is making a difference.   While the cameras are focused on children coughing from tear gas at  our southern border, we need to ask ourselves a question: What are we  doing in the policy that is encouraging people to bring children to the  border thinking they are going to get faster access if they can  illegally cross? Why is this happening? How do we stop it with our  policy?   This Nation should continue to be open. We should continue to receive  immigrants from around the world, including from Central America and  from Mexico. I have neighbors and friends all through my community who  are from Central America and from Mexico. They are welcome citizens of  our country. They are part of the fabric of who we are--people from all  over the world--but I have a very difficult time saying that 100,000  people at the San Diego crossing who are crossing legally should be  ignored every single day for the sake of a few thousand who want to  crash the fence, who crashed the barriers in Southern Mexico and who  are working to crash the barriers here. We need to have a more reasoned  response to this.   Listen, if you have never been to a naturalization service, you ought  to go. I have a staff member whom I completely agree with who says: I  can't ever go to a naturalization service and not cry. So far, I have  never been to a naturalization service where I don't cry. They are  exceptionally moving events, to watch a large group of people from all  backgrounds, from all languages, standing and raising their right hand  and pledging allegiance to a brandnew country. People who have set  aside their old path to realize--for many of them this was years in the  process, to legally go through all of the right checks and get to that  point. For those 1.1 million people who do that every year, we honor  those individuals and welcome them openly.   Let's honor people who are doing it the right way. Let's fix broken  areas of the system that are encouraging people to bring children  because they get a discount if they travel with children illegally  across our border. Let's find a way to work out work visas. Let's deal  with issues like temporary protective status that need to be resolved.  Let's deal with the issues of our immigration, but let's not continue  to stall.   If the Mars InSight probe can travel 300 million miles in 5 months,  surely this Congress can sit down and resolve the immigration issue in  a few months. I look forward to that in the next Congress and in the  days ahead to finally getting this resolved.  [[Page S7208]]    I yield the floor.   