 Mr. Speaker, all of us, everybody we know, has a lot of  things that they are dealing with on a daily basis. There are  challenges, and there are issues and little minicrises, until somebody  gets a phone call that says that their child is in the emergency room  with an opioid overdose. Then, all of a sudden, you have one crisis.   That has been happening in my constituency, and I know that has been  happening in districts all across the country.   The first time this issue was brought to my attention, it was from a  friend of mine. The coroner in DuPage County, Illinois, in my district,  Dr. Rich Jorgensen said: Peter, there are kids who are dying of this  crisis.   He kept being a voice on this and bringing it to my attention. He and  others in my home county, the HOPE Taskforce, have been joining  together. I have met with them. They have given me feedback. Similarly,  there is another task force, the Substance Abuse Coalition in McHenry  County, Illinois, doing similar work.   As I have met with them, they have said that one of the challenges is  that this drug, this fentanyl, comes in through the United States  Postal Service. When you first hear about this, you are incredulous  about it. You say: No, that can't be.   But the more you learn, the more you realize that this is a major  problem. In fact, in terms of importing this or this crossing our  border, my understanding is that this is at the top of the heap.   To understand the nature, the science, and the medicine behind  fentanyl is to mean that it scares the living daylights out of you.  This molecule gets in your body, and the power of it is just  overwhelming.   So I want to thank Mr. Bishop, and I want to thank Mr. Pascrell for  the work that they are doing on a bipartisan basis to bring people  together to work through this and to come up with solutions.   Now, this is not the only thing that is going to be happening here.  This is in the context of other pieces of legislation. This is in the  context of looking at treatment reimbursement, of screening, and of  education. But this inbound flow is something that this Congress can do  something about. Just in a nutshell, bringing together the United  States Postal Service, the CBP, and also the United States State  Department to work together in a coordinated fashion is something that  my district is really pleased about.   So I am pleased to be here to advocate on its behalf, and I urge its  passage.   