 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend from Maine,  Bruce Poliquin, for sponsoring this bipartisan legislation.   The Alleviating Stress Test Burdens to Help Investors Act amends the  Dodd-Frank Act to make some commonsense changes to stress testing  requirements for asset managers and the investors whom they serve.   Congressman Poliquin has worked very hard to make sure this bill is  bipartisan. In fact, he was able to win the support of two-thirds of  the Democrats on the Financial Services Committee.   I believe this is one of the many bills that Chairman Hensarling has  suggested be part of our negotiations with the Senate on their  regulatory relief package. I agree. Why shouldn't a bill with such  strong bipartisan support at least be part of the conversation?   The idea behind the stress testing for financial institutions under  Dodd-Frank is to make sure that they have enough capital on hand to  cover losses in the case of a market disruption like the one that was  encountered during the financial crisis. However, registered funds have  a very different business model than banks. They do not guarantee any  return to investors or promise that investors will get their principal  back. Furthermore, these funds are not on the adviser's balance sheet.   The idea that an asset manager should hold capital like a bank does  not comport with its business model. Or in the words of Mark Flannery,  a former chief economist of the SEC, there is a false parallel for  stress testing asset managers: ``The parallel to bank stress tests is  really extremely misleading. It is as if Dodd-Frank said `stress test  the big banks, and, oh, you might as well go ahead and do the asset  management companies.' ''   Fortunately, Bruce Poliquin has sponsored commonsense legislation to  provide some regulatory relief in a way that I think Democrats and  Republicans should be able to agree.   The Alleviating Stress Test Burdens to Help Investors Act would  eliminate the bank-like stress testing requirements in Dodd-Frank but  would empower the SEC, the primary Federal regulator of the asset  management industry, to require stress testing as it deems appropriate.   In short, what this bill says is that we should only stress-test  asset managers as their primary regulator determines is in the best  interest of the investors instead of arbitrarily applying bank-like  stress testing requirements as proposed by the Federal Reserve.   It comes as little surprise that the SEC, including under the  leadership of Mary Jo White, seems to agree. The SEC has not been able  to come up with stress testing standards that are consistent and  comparable with those of the Federal Reserve and other banking  regulators, likely because there is no way to account for capital  adequacy in these companies.   Furthermore, this bill does nothing to undermine the significant  regulatory authority to the Financial Stability Oversight Council. The  FSOC would still be able to make recommendations to the SEC for  additional regulation of asset managers.   I am not necessarily endorsing this concept, but I would like to  emphasize this in the hopes that it would encourage even more  Democratic colleagues to join in support of this bill. This bill,  again, is true to its name. It cuts costs that are borne by investors  without subjecting our financial system to any additional risk.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join with me in  supporting this bill.   