 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, the Preble's meadow jumping mouse is a tiny rodent with  a body approximately 3 inches long, a 4-to 6-inch long tail, and large  hind feet adapted for jumping. This largely nocturnal mouse lives  primarily in streamside ecosystems in Wyoming and Colorado.   To evade predators, the Preble's meadow jumping mouse can jump up to  18 inches high, like a miniature kangaroo. But this little acrobat's  most famous feat was its leap onto the endangered species list back in  May 1998, a move that has since hindered development on the front range  of Colorado, from Colorado Springs, Colorado, to the Wyoming border.   Among projects that have been affected are the Jeffco Parkway  southeast of Rocky Flats, an expansion of the Chatfield Reservoir, and  housing developments in El Paso County along tributaries of Monument  Creek. Builders, landowners, and local governments in affected areas  have incurred hundreds of millions of dollars in added costs because of  this mouse. Protecting the Preble's mouse has even been placed ahead of  protecting human life.   On September 11, 2013, Colorado experienced a major flood event that  damaged or destroyed thousands of homes, important infrastructure, and  public works projects. As a result of the Preble's mouse's listing as  an endangered species, many restoration projects were delayed as  Colorado sought a waiver.   Moreover, the scientific evidence simply does not justify these  delays or the millions of taxpayer dollars that go toward protecting a  rodent that is actually part of a larger group that roams throughout  half of the North American Continent.   Several scientific studies have concluded that the Preble's mouse  does not warrant protection because it isn't a subspecies at all and is  actually related to one of the largest and most widespread genetic  lineages of North American jumping mice. Even the scientist that  originally classified this mouse as a subspecies has since recanted his  work.   Moreover, the Preble's mouse has a low conservation priority score,  meaning that the hundreds of millions of dollars already spent on  protection efforts could have been better spent on other, more fragile  species.   My amendment would correct the injustice that has been caused by the  inaccurate listing of the Preble's meadow jumping mouse and would  refocus the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service's efforts on species that  have been thoroughly scientifically vetted and that should be managed  by the Endangered Species Act.   This amendment is supported by Citizens Against Government Waste and  has previously passed the House of Representatives on three separate  occasions, all by bipartisan votes. So I encourage my colleagues to,  once again, support this commonsense amendment.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield as much time as he may consume to  the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. Calvert).     Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I will just conclude by saying, if the Fish and Wildlife Service  worked together with developers, local communities, and other groups,  that would be one thing. But when they come in with a hammer and say,  you have to do it this way, that is really not working together. That  has, unfortunately, been the experience of many parties on the front  range of Colorado.   Mr. Chairman, I would urge that, once again, we support this  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chair, my amendment is straightforward. It simply ensures that  the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is following current law,  specifically section 4(c)(2) of the Endangered Species Act, by  conducting their review of all threatened and endangered plants and  wildlife at least once every 5 years.   Time after time, the Federal Government refuses to follow the will of  Congress when it enacted the Endangered Species Act. The government  designates land as ``critical habitat'' despite not meeting the ESA  definition, and the government consistently refuses to remove plants  and animals from threatened or endangered status even when those  species are flourishing and no longer in need of ESA protections.   But you may ask yourself: How does the government know when a species  should be removed from the endangered or threatened list? How does the  government know if a species is recovering? The answer could be found  in the ESA, and it is a requirement that the Federal Government review  all plants or species that are currently listed as endangered or  threatened every 5 years.   Under the Endangered Species Act, the purpose of a 5-year review is  to ensure that threatened and endangered species have the appropriate  level of protection. And because the ESA grants extensive protection to  a species, including harsh penalties for landowners and other citizens,  it makes sense to regularly verify if a plant or animal is being  properly classified or if it should be delisted.   Despite this commonsense requirement, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife  Service acknowledged earlier this year that it has neglected its  responsibility to conduct the required reviews for nearly 1,000  species.   By enforcing the 5-year review, my amendment will ensure that the  U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is using the best available scientific  information in implementing its responsibilities under the ESA,  including incorporating new information through public comment and  assessing ongoing conservation efforts.   This amendment is supported by Citizens Against Government Waste, the  National Mining Association, and the American Farm Bureau, and it has  previously passed the House of Representatives on three separate  occasions, all by bipartisan votes.   I encourage my colleagues to join me in ensuring that the U.S. Fish  and Wildlife Service follows the law, the letter of the law, in the  Endangered Species Act and that we do not allow the agency to spend  money that would violate current law.   Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to once again support my amendment,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   Two quick responses, then I am going to yield some time.   When it comes to funding for the Fish and Wildlife Service, they are  just going to have to basically do what every other private or  governmental entity, family, and individual has to do, which is  prioritize their spending. They have to live within their means. We all  have to live within our means. They have to have the priorities where  they can do the job with the money that they are given.    Number two, I think that maybe my colleague would agree with me that  outside environmental groups are largely to blame for bringing massive  lawsuits that tie up a lot of the resources of the Fish and Wildlife  Service so they can't be doing their business of protecting the species  that they are already supposed to be caring for. So I think they really  get a lot of the blame here as well.   Mr. Chair, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman  from California (Mr. Calvert).    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his remarks.   Mr. Chair, I would urge my colleagues to once again support this  commonsense amendment, which we have done in the past three different  times on a bipartisan basis.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   