 Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 5605, the Advancing  High Quality Treatment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare Act.   I introduced the bill to give older Americans across our Nation more  access to comprehensive addiction treatment services through Medicare.  Seniors are frequently prescribed opioids to treat chronic illnesses  with constant, lasting pain issues, such as arthritis and other issues  related to their musculoskeletal system.   The frequency and chronicity of this prescribing puts them at risk of  developing a dependency, as seniors are more physiologically vulnerable  to experiencing dependency and overdose effects. That is because as you  get older your physiology changes, which makes seniors less able to  deal with the side effects of opioids and more prone to respiratory  depression, the leading cause of opioid-related death.   When you consider that roughly one-third of Medicare beneficiaries  received an opioid prescription in 2016, with over half a million  receiving a high dose, it makes sense that the hospitalization rate  related to opioid misuse in patients over 65 has increased by 500  percent in the past two decades.   Despite these heightened risk factors, many seniors still do not have  access to comprehensive, evidence-based treatment under traditional  Medicare, and we cannot leave our seniors behind as we work to address  this national crisis. Our seniors deserve access to the gold standard  of care for treating opioid addiction. It is that simple.   My bill, H.R. 5605, the Advancing High Quality Treatment for Opioid  Use Disorders in Medicare Act, will open doors for older Americans to  get that gold standard of care by strengthening Medicare for our  seniors. My bill does this by creating an alternative payment model  demonstration program through Medicare for comprehensive treatment and  care programs for opioid misuse disorder and will establish quality  measures that reward comprehensive treatment programs that actually  produce the best patient outcomes.   It works by giving providers and institutions that choose to  participate a case management payment, which they would use to provide  wraparound services for Medicare beneficiaries. Teams with an addiction  specialist would also receive a higher incentive. Seniors participating  in this program will receive medication-assisted treatment alongside  psychosocial support, such as psychotherapy, treatment planning, and  appropriate social services.   This coordinated care approach is considered the gold standard of  care, and if we want to successfully address this crisis, we need to  ensure that individuals have access to treatments that will result in  successful outcomes. I have seen firsthand the importance of this with  my own patients in the emergency department. Getting medication- assisted treatment is important, and the success of that treatment is  enhanced if that patient is also participating in psychotherapy and  receiving the appropriate social services.   That is why this demo is supported by the American Society of  Addiction Medicine and the California Medical Association, among  others. It is critical that all Americans, regardless of their age or  how much money they make, have access to high quality, comprehensive  treatment. My bill will strengthen Medicare so we can help seniors  address opioid dependence by ensuring they get the care they need.   I also want to thank Ranking Member Pallone and Chairman Walden for  their support of this legislation and of our seniors.   Also included in my bill is H.R. 3528, the Every Prescription  Conveyed Securely Act, introduced by Representative Katherine Clark  from Massachusetts, with the assistance of Representative Mullin.   I want to thank Representative Clark for her hard work to address  this crisis by expanding the use of technology to reduce fraudulent  prescribing.   Her legislation will direct providers to use electronic prescribing  for controlled substances technology for Medicare part D by 2021 to cut  down on fraud and overprescribing. Already, seven States have  implemented this system in an effort to combat this crisis and keep  illicit opioids off the streets.   According to the Department of Justice, most fraudulent opioid  prescriptions are obtained either through doctor shopping, forged  prescriptions, or theft, all of which can be addressed by an effective  electronic prescribing for controlled substances system.   As amended, my bill, H.R. 5605, will improve care for our seniors and  help get illegally obtained opioids off the streets.   