 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  join with Congressman Jeff Denham and Congressman  Jimmy Panetta to  celebrate a life well lived.   Rick Antle was truly an icon in not only California agriculture but  American agriculture. He was a leader. Rick and Tonya always put their  family first, and what a family it was. To be a part with them, with  their children and with his father, Bob, I have fond, fond memories  over the years of working together on public policy affecting  California agriculture.   They farmed not just in the Salad Bowl but in the San Joaquin Valley.  Their efforts to bring value added and innovation is legendary in terms  of the incredible food products that we enjoy today at home. His  efforts with employees set the gold standard, creating housing  initiatives so that the 800 employees at Tanimura & Antle would have  the kind of housing that farm workers deserve to have.   The list goes on and on and on, but I just wanted to join today and  pay my respects to our friend Rick, and to his family. Tonya, we know  this is a very difficult time for all of you, but we just want you to  know that our thoughts and prayers are with you. We thank you for all  of the contributions you have made over the years. Rick was a leader in  California agriculture. And I just personally want to say thank you for  all the good advice you have given me over the years. We will miss Rick  Antle.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the amendment  being offered by Congressman Denham and me to H.R. 4, and I thank the  gentleman for yielding.   Together, we have worked long and hard to reduce the duplicative  environmental permitting requirements that contribute, as we all know,  to delays in delivery of important transportation projects throughout  the Nation and throughout California, as both Congressman Denham and I  have experienced.   California remains at the forefront of finding innovative ways to  streamline the transportation delivery project without compromising the  natural environment and complying with environmental laws. As a matter  of fact, we have a very big initiative that was passed last year to  provide another $52 billion in construction projects over the next 10  years. So this is an important amendment.   In 2015, Congress passed the FAST Act, which implemented a pilot  program to provide reciprocity for environmental permitting for States  like California that have laws that provide equal or greater  environmental protection. That is the case with California. That is why  this amendment is so applicable and why it makes such good common  sense.   This amendment would further streamline the delegation process, as  the gentleman noted, reduce project delivery times and costs, lead to  more projects being constructed at a faster rate, and improve our  deteriorating infrastructure.   For all these good reasons, we ought to adopt this amendment. I urge  my colleagues to concur.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from California for  yielding.   I rise today in support of this amendment offered by Mr. Denham, Mr.  Cuellar, and myself. Trucking companies and truck drivers are the  backbone of our Nation in terms of transportation, and certainly, much  of the San Joaquin Valley that I represent.   Agricultural products, fruits, nuts, and vegetables that are put on  American's dinner tables every night are grown in the San Joaquin  Valley, and they provide an important part of our sustenance.   Many of these truckers have one or two trucks, and they are literally  small-business people. Sadly, because of the recent court decisions  that were noted by the author of this amendment, these companies that  operate across State lines have been exposed to unfair litigation that  have been costly, and I know of cases where major motor carriers have  gone out of business because of this.   The amendment would clarify that when operating across State lines,  meals and rest break requirements will be governed by Federal law, not  a patchwork of conflicting State laws. That just makes good common  sense. This is consistent with action taken by the Congress--as was  noted--in 1994, to provide uniform rules across the country for safety  purposes.   Some of my colleagues have claimed time in opposition saying this  amendment would overturn protections like minimum wage and vacation.  This amendment in no way impacts minimum wage or vacation, or those  issues that have been raised in this fashion. It is simply not true.   This amendment, I believe, is prosafety, proworker, and proeconomy.  The fact is, we have been dealing with this issue for a number of  years, and it is time that we finally avoid the confusion and  strengthen this measure out.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   