 Madam President, I wish to speak for a few minutes about  Ryan Nelson, who has been nominated by the President to serve as the  Solicitor of the Department of the Interior. Ryan is a fantastic choice  for this position at Interior. As a native and current resident of  Idaho Falls, he is a fellow westerner who understands the issues  confronting the West, confronting the region, confronting the entire  country as it relates to the U.S. Department of the Interior.   Ryan would not just work on behalf of the West. I know he is someone  who is going to serve honorably on behalf of the American people as a  whole. In order to do that, he first has to be confirmed.   By my count, it has been 232 days since Ryan Nelson was nominated.  There should be no further delays. The American people deserve to have  qualified professionals in the executive branch, and Mr. Nelson is  qualified, to put it very mildly. He is someone who has worked in  notable posts of responsibility in all three branches of government.   During the George W. Bush administration, Ryan worked as Deputy  Assistant Attorney General in the Department of Justice's Environment  and  [[Page S1891]]  Natural Resources division. In that position, he personally argued 13  appellate cases. He also oversaw 700 attorneys and staff, who touched  on all aspects of energy and environmental issues within the Department  of Justice.   Later, Ryan worked in the White House as deputy general counsel for  the OMB and as special counsel to then-Senator Jeff Sessions. That is  just his experience in government.   Ryan has acquired senior management experience in the private sector  as well. For the past 8 years, he has worked as general counsel for  Melaleuca, which is a very successful billion-dollar Idaho business.   Ryan does not just know what it is like to work in government, what  it is like to work in Washington. He knows that, but he also  understands the challenges that businesses and workers face in the  modern world.   I have known Ryan for many years. Ryan and I got to know each other  while we were both in law school at BYU. I got to know Ryan and his  wife Barbara, who have 7 lovely children. After law school, I ended up  recruiting him to work at the law firm where I was then employed,  Sidley Austin. After pulling all-nighters alongside Ryan, I can confirm  what nearly 50 of his former colleagues wrote about him in a recent  letter of support: He is an excellent choice to serve as solicitor.   Ryan has outstanding analytical skills, and he pays immense attention  to details. These are qualities that will serve him well as the  Department of Interior's top lawyer.   As you know, this administration has made it a priority to repair the  relationship between the Federal Government and the Western States,  where the Federal Government owns so much land. Too many workers in the  West still don't feel as though they are treated fairly by their  government. We can help restore that trust by confirming impartial,  well-qualified nominees. Ryan Nelson is such a nominee. We need him at  the U.S. Department of the Interior.   The Interior Department needs to have a Solicitor. Ryan Nelson is an  exceptionally qualified nominee for that position. Let's confirm Ryan  Nelson today.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   