 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Frank  LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018.   This bill provides critical policy guidance to the Coast Guard as it  protects our Nation's shores and maritime interests. The bill increases  authorized funding levels, requires a review of our Arctic strategy and  the Coast Guard's ability to achieve it, and provides authority to  procure three new National Security Cutters.   The bill also includes a provision to ensure that public safety  answering points that respond to 911 calls from vehicles in distress  are trained to relay that information to the Coast Guard or tow  companies.   Sector Long Island Sound has been working with municipality dispatch  centers in Connecticut and New York to implement a training program to  route these calls. I want to thank Mystic towboat Captain Jeff Dziedzic  for bringing this issue to my attention and Congresswoman Esty for  working with my office last year to include this language in the bill.   Mr. Speaker, eastern Connecticut is the proud home of the U.S. Coast  Guard Academy and Coast Guard Station New London. Therefore, I am  particularly excited that this bill includes a provision that will help  boost construction of the future National Coast Guard Museum to be  built along the Thames River in New London. In particular, it  authorizes engineering and design work to be performed by the Coast  Guard in this project.   The Coast Guard is the only military service without its own museum.  Under the leadership of Jim Coleman, Richard Grahn, Admiral Papp,  Captain Wes Pulver, and many others, this project is well on its way to  becoming a world-class destination to showcase the rich heritage of the  Coast Guard, which dates back to 1790 when Alexander Hamilton created  America's ``first fleet,'' which, by the way, was organized before the  U.S. Navy.   I would like to thank the chairman, Mr. Shuster, and Mr. LoBiondo, as  they depart. Again, they are great role models of bipartisan leadership  and about getting results. I want to also  [[Page H9652]]  thank the ranking member, Mr. DeFazio, and also the subcommittee  ranking member,  John Garamendi, for their hard work. I also thank Dave  Jansen and John Rayfield for helping guide this bill to a successful  conclusion.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill.   