 Mr. President, I expect Senator Rubio to be joining me  here on the floor as we talk about some of the legislative fixes to  some of the problems that have come about as a result of these  devastating hurricanes.   It has been 5 months since Hurricane Irma hit Florida, and it has  been 4 months since Maria hit Puerto Rico. Irma hit Puerto Rico as  well. Of course, before Florida's Hurricane Irma, you had all of the  problems with the flooding from another hurricane in Texas and then,  later on, from the wildfires in California. So I am happy to finally  say that we have a path forward now on a disaster aid bill for all of  these natural disasters.   I can't count on the fingers of both hands how many times I have been  out here. I could say the same of the letters written and the speeches  that Senator Rubio and I have both given together about this disaster  aid and the need for it. Finally, we are seeing some light at the end  of the tunnel in that there is a good possibility this is going to  happen in the Senate within the next 2 days.   The problem is that, in Puerto Rico, American citizens have been  living without power, and schools and businesses are closed. The  Federal Government has been dragging its feet to help them. People have  been waiting, and they have been suffering. Right now, over one-third  of the people in Puerto Rico are closing in on 5 months after the  hurricane and are without electricity. Potable water is still a problem  in Puerto Rico.   Can you imagine in any other mainland State, nearly 5 months after a  hurricane, one-third of its people not having electricity restored? I  mean, there would be such outrage and demonstration. This is what is  going on in Puerto Rico. Finally, I think we are able to see in this  disaster bill some assistance to the island, as well as to the Virgin  Islands, and especially to our State of Florida, which was hit so hard.   I will outline some of this and tell Senator Rubio that I have been  talking about all of the things that we have done together ad infinitum  in trying to get this disaster aid package finally to the point at  which we can say we are so thankful we see a path forward. We have  discussed over and over with Senate leadership Florida's agriculture  industry, which needs help. Our schools need additional funding to deal  with the influx of students from Puerto Rico into Florida. Our critical  infrastructure, such as the Lake Okeechobee dike, needs funding to  withstand a future storm.   The agriculture industry in our State sustained significant damage  after Irma. Citrus growers have suffered approximately $760 million of  loss. Why?  [[Page S686]]  Because, right after the hurricane, half the crop of the citrus grove  in central Florida that Senator Rubio and I visited was on the ground.  If you go further south in Florida, there are groves where, actually,  100 percent of the oranges have ended up on the ground because of the  ferocity of the wind. That crop was a total loss, and the wind was so  severe there that it uprooted some of the trees. The loss was crippling  to the industry.   Of course, this is an industry that has been battling to keep its  lifeblood flowing because it has been battling this bacteria called  greening, which will kill a tree in 5 years. We have another program  going on by the Citrus Research & Development Foundation that is trying  to find the magic cure. In the meantime, they have found some way to  keep the trees and some different varieties of trees living longer than  the 5 years, but we have to address the problem right now.   If the poor citrus growers didn't have enough trouble with all of the  citrus canker from years earlier, they are now producing 46 million  boxes a year. By the way, 10 years ago, that used to be in excess of  200 million boxes a year of citrus harvest. The funding in this  disaster bill will be essential in helping the citrus industry to  recover.   Additionally, Senator Rubio and I, many times before, have called for  Florida school funding in the aftermaths of Irma and Maria. We now know  that, as of today, about 12,000 students who evacuated to Florida are  enrolled from Puerto Rico. Others from the Virgin Islands have enrolled  in Florida's schools. Every child has a right to a quality education,  but that can't happen without the appropriate resources. The schools  need help. No child should have their education hindered by a natural  disaster. This disaster aid bill is going to be crucial for schools'  funding in order for them to do their best in ensuring that those  students receive the educations they deserve.   This deal also includes $15 billion for the Army Corps of Engineers.  It is for mitigation and resiliency projects. Likewise, the two  Senators from Florida have been working to ensure that some of those  funds are used to expedite the construction of the Lake Okeechobee  dike. It is a critical public safety project, and it should be  completed as quickly as possible. We want to see its completion  accelerated by 3 years, from 2025 to 2022. If the Army Corps of  Engineers will take $200 million a year out of these additional  resources for the next several years, it will speed up the construction  of that dike. We are going to be continuing to have sessions with the  Army Corps of Engineers to try to accomplish just that.   There is a long list--an exhaustive list--of Florida's needs after  the hurricane, and as we see so many of our fellow U.S. citizens in  Puerto Rico, you just can't keep treating U.S. citizens like this.  Hopefully, this is going to speed up the recovery efforts. That is why,  when the news broke last week that FEMA reportedly planned to end--get  this--its distributing of food and water, there was, obviously,  outrage, and there was outrage by the two Senators here. We appreciate  FEMA making clear the next day that it would continue to provide aid to  the people, which includes that food and water. We have discussed with  the Senate leadership what is essential in this disaster aid bill, and  it is an important step in the recovery of the people of Florida and  Puerto Rico.   There is another thing that I have to mention. Can you believe that  the Medicaid money that was given to Puerto Rico in a lump sum, called  a block grant, is going to end? It is going to run out next month. Yet,  with the $4.8 billion in supplemental for Puerto Rico's Medicaid  Program, along with the 100-percent Federal match for 2 years, we can  guarantee that 1 million of our fellow U.S. citizens on the island will  not be denied healthcare coverage when they need it the most.  Otherwise, it is going to run out next month. It is long overdue. We  can finally provide some much needed relief for disaster affected  areas.   So, please, let's pass this aid bill this week and let's send it to  the President.   I yield the floor.   