 Mr. President, today I want to talk about the loss of a  great American. I want to talk about George H.W. Bush. On C-SPAN, I was  watching the coverage of what is going on in the Rotunda now, and there  are hundreds of people crowded around his casket, paying tribute to  this great man. They have been there all day. They will be there all  night. Friends of mine from Ohio are in town who never met him but knew  of him and were inspired by him. We were all inspired by him.   George Bush did it all. He was a war hero--youngest naval pilot at  age 18, shot down over the Pacific. He was the last President, by the  way, to serve in combat. He was also a Member of the U.S. Congress and  proud of that. Prior to that, he was a successful business leader in  Texas. He was an ambassador to the United Nations. He was CIA Director.  He was Envoy to China--the first one. He was Vice President of the  United States, and he was President, of course, during one of the most  momentous times in our Nation's history. What a life.   In his absence, our country is losing a lifelong patriot, a guiding  voice, and the embodiment of the very best of America. For me,  President Bush was also my mentor. I was very blessed early in my  career to have been able to work for him. He brought me into his White  House when I was a young man trying to figure out my way in life. I  would not be in this crazy business of politics but for him--not just  because he gave me opportunities to work for him but because he showed  me you could do this work of public service and politics with honor and  dignity and respect.   He showed that nice guys can finish first. He showed that his  approach--kinder and gentler, as he would call it in 1988--was  something that indeed you could achieve here, even in the Halls of  Congress.   I have a special reason to be so grateful; also, so sad about his  departure because I relied on him for advice and counsel. He rarely  gave it proactively, but when asked, he always had the wisdom of years  and the judgment that so many of us will miss so badly.   He took a chance on me as a young lawyer from Cincinnati, OH, to come  into his White House as his Associate Counsel to the President. He then  took a chance on me to join his legislative affairs team, to be  Director of the White House Office of Legislative Affairs.   To be frank, I was not particularly qualified for either job. I had  only worked on the Hill briefly as an intern. I was not nearly as  distinguished as the other members of the legal team who had been  mostly Supreme Court clerks, but it made me work all the harder to try  to earn his trust and his respect.  [[Page S7260]]    He didn't just give me a job. He taught me about being a leader, a  public servant, being a better husband and father. He showed me what  servant leadership meant, what it looked like in practice, and I try to  work every day to live up to that example. He was one of the most  decent and honorable people I have ever met--in politics or otherwise.  He saw himself as a servant. That is what motivated him. He saw himself  as a public servant when he signed up to become a young Navy pilot,  flying dangerous bombing missions. That sense of service, duty, and  patriotism was why, years later, after a successful business career, he  decided to put it on the line, run for the U.S. Congress.   By the way, I have noticed this week there has been a lot of  discussion about all of his successes, and there are so many. One thing  people might forget is that he was also resilient. He had setbacks in  his life--certainly the death of his beloved daughter Robin at a young  age of 3--but he ran for the Senate twice in the State of Texas and  lost. He didn't give up. He bounced back. He was resilient. He was  tough.   When he was asked to serve as U.N. Ambassador, he took up that task  because of his devotion to service. When he was asked to chair the  Republican National Committee--during a particularly tough time for the  Republican Party, not a task most people wanted to take--he took it on.  When he was asked to become the first envoy to China--again, a big  challenge--he knew it was the right thing to do for the country.   Of course, at the CIA, he stepped into a difficult situation. The  morale was low, and he turned things around. When he was appointed as  CIA Director in 1976, there had been a lot of hearings on Capitol Hill.  They were called the Church hearings, named after Senator Church, and  the CIA was under fire, big time. Morale was low. It was a difficult  period. He stepped in precisely because of that.   During his tenure at the Central Intelligence Agency, he made the CIA  stronger. He built a special bond with the employees. He put some  reforms in place that were important. He was widely credited by  everyone as having restored a sense of pride in that important Agency.  I heard that repeatedly.   When I got elected to Congress in 1994, by the way, with the help of  President George H.W. Bush and Barbara Bush, both of whom came to speak  and helped out on the campaign by lending their good names. Barbara  Bush even did a radio ad for me that I think is probably the reason I  won. She was probably the most popular person in America at the time.  When I got elected, I looked at the CIA complex in Northern Virginia-- then called Langley, still in Langley, VA. It was not named after  anyone. I heard so much from people at the Agency about their respect  for him--career people, people who worked there for years. I proposed  the idea of naming the CIA after him and proposed legislation to do  that in 1999. Today, that headquarters has been renamed under that  legislation the George Bush Center for Intelligence.   I remember being at the ceremony with him when the name was changed  and just the love and respect he had from the people at that Agency. I  remember him telling stories, including stories about why he took the  job and how much he respected the people there and the work they did  and how, in many respects, they were on the frontlines for all of us.   I remember stories being told about him, including one I will never  forget, which is that Directors for years had gone into the CIA and  then taken their own private elevator up to their office, which makes  sense. It is a big job. George Bush wouldn't take that private  elevator. He insisted on going on the employee elevator every morning.  Why? As he said to me later: Because I wanted to hear what was going  on, hear from the employees, hear from the officers.   I think it was more than that. I think it was because he wanted them  to know he was part of the team. That was his approach to everything he  did--vintage George Bush. He did it with grace and dignity, bringing  people together, working in a bipartisan manner, and stood for what he  thought was right but understood that other people had different points  of view and respected that. He carved out an interesting role as Vice  President of the United States--unprecedented in terms of his ability  to work with the President, work with the Cabinet, work with foreign  leaders.   Ronald Reagan was there, of course, during the time of intense  international politics when the Cold War was coming to an end. As  President Bush said during President Reagan's funeral, he learned more  from Ronald Reagan than anyone he encountered in all of his years of  public service--but he also served Ronald Reagan well.   As President then, George Bush was responsible for taking the end of  the Cold War and being sure it worked well, not just for us but for so  many millions of people around the world. He led our country through  some great change there, not just the end of the Cold War but the  Berlin Wall came down.   I was working for him at the time, and I remember the excitement  about it and the sense that he should give a boastful speech and talk  about how America had finally prevailed. He was hesitant to do that. He  didn't want to spike the football in the end zone. Instead, what he  wanted to do was ensure that transition was handled properly.   The reunification of Germany was a very controversial issue. He knew,  ultimately, it would be in the interest of the world to reunify East  and West Germany, but he did it carefully, diplomatically, with  respect. He knew Mikhail Gorbachev was in a tough position, so he  handled the fall of the wall and, more importantly, the transition in  Eastern Europe and Central Europe, again, with diplomacy and with  respect for Gorbachev and the people--the millions of people who were  affected.   Of all the major events in which he played a role as Commander in  Chief, I think that, in some respects, was the most important one. If  you go to Eastern Europe or Western Europe today or Central Europe, all  of them have a positive view of George Bush in the role he played and  America played during that time period.   Maybe the most well-known role he played as Commander in Chief was  Desert Storm. There, he showcased his abilities not just as a President  but as a President who had served in combat himself. He understood the  need to bring people together--in this case, other countries--to ensure  a successful result. Think about this. Over 40 countries were involved  in Desert Storm--and hundreds of thousands of troops--all to stop the  aggression of Saddam Hussein in the Middle East. He knew Saddam Hussein  had to be stopped. It was within his moral fiber that he couldn't sit  back and watch one country move into a smaller country and take over-- in this case, the country of Kuwait. So he knew there had to be a  decision by America to lead this incredible coalition of countries all  around the Middle East and the world. He also knew that he had to get  the American people behind him.    I remember that at that point I was Director of the White House  Office of Legislative Affairs. Our job was to ensure that we could  support the President up here on the Hill, and a lot of people were  giving the President advice not to seek approval from Congress for that  conflict. The fear was that Congress would say no. There was a lot of  pushback, and the consensus was that it had to be done.   But George Bush believed it was important to involve Congress for two  reasons. One, he believed in the institutions of our democracy. He  believed Congress played an important role. Second, and maybe even more  important to him as a World War II vet, he wanted to get the American  people behind this. He didn't want to repeat what he viewed as some of  the mistakes in previous conflicts--Vietnam, in particular--when the  American people were not with our troops. So he wanted to go to  Congress to seek approval, and it was a fight.   I was up here on this very floor of the Senate, trying to persuade  people to do the right thing, to ensure that Saddam Hussein could be  removed from Kuwait so people could have a chance in that country to  find their own destiny. That vote was won by three votes--three votes.  If three Members of the Senate had voted the other way, we would not  have received that approval. It was close, but as I look back on it, I  must say that George H.W. Bush did the right thing. Of course, we won  the vote,  [[Page S7261]]  which makes that comment easier, but the point is that he insisted that  we get the American people behind that conflict, and it ended up being  not just a relatively popular military fight, which was successful, but  one that the American people understood because of the debate that  happened here on the floor of the Congress, in the House and Senate, of  what the stakes were.   He never chose to do things just because they were easy. The easy  thing would have been to go ahead without seeking approval from  Congress. He made his decisions on what he thought was the right thing  to do, and that was the kind of man he was.   There has been a lot of talk this week about his ``thousand points of  light'' proposal. The Points of Light foundation continues today doing  incredibly good work all around the country with people volunteering to  help other citizens. He believed everybody had a responsibility and an  opportunity to be a part of the change that moves our country forward  to a better and brighter future, and that is what Points of Light is  about. It resonated with so many Americans and continues to spur action  and encourage cooperation where people give up their time and service.  I do think it is just as important to have some bright guiding lights  as it is to have the ``thousand points of light,'' and that is what he  provided. He was the guiding light as an example for all the rest of  us.   Throughout his incredible life he didn't just tell us what it meant  to lead, to serve others, or to be guided by what was right. In fact,  that was not his style. He was not the lecturer. He didn't consider  himself a great philosopher. He led by example. He showed us. Again, I  will be forever grateful for that.   He was also a person who put a lot of value on people and on  relationships. He believed quite simply that building and strengthening  relationships was incredibly important to building trust, which meant  that people could come together to solve problems and which meant that  you could achieve consensus, more importantly. He put that to work in  the Congress. Being a liaison to Congress was relatively easy because  he had so many friends. Even though he had only been here for a couple  terms, he had so many friends--Republicans and Democrats. Relationship  building was important to him.   It was also important for him to deepen the ties among nations to  create a stronger, safer, and more prosperous world--whether it was  Mikhail Gorbachev, whom I talked about earlier, who was his friend to  the end, or whether it was Brian Mulroney, from Canada. I know that  tomorrow there will be a number of heads of state who will be here for  the funeral. This helped us as a country by having those relationships  and building those relationships of trust to be able to build a safer  and less volatile world.   He is known for writing these handwritten notes, and a lot of  attention has been paid recently to the class and humility he displayed  with the note he left for incoming President Bill Clinton on the day he  assumed office, where he wished him well, but it goes beyond that.   He was personable and respected everywhere. A lot of his friends were  Democrats. One example I thought was striking was a Congressman from  Ohio. I am from Ohio, and I knew of this Congressman, who was a liberal  guy. He was a Democrat named Lud Ashley, from Toledo. His relationship  with Lud Ashley transcended politics. They were good friends.   I am told that just before his term as President ended, he and  Barbara Bush invited two couples to the White House--Lud Ashley, the  Democrat from Toledo, and his wife were at that dinner. It is just  another example of George Bush's reaching out, being a people person  first. That aspect earned him a lot of goodwill on Capitol Hill, across  both parties.   I have been in the habit since the 1990s of going up to Maine, to  Kennebunkport, in the summer to visit President Bush, sometimes with  members of my family, sometimes alone, or sometimes with friends. It is  always a great visit. It is always an opportunity to talk about  people--again, focusing on people. His questions to me were sometimes  about policy and what was going on, but often it was about this: What  do you think of that Senator or that U.S. representative? What is he  like? What is she like? Tell me about them.   Until the end he was curious. I was with him in September of this  year for our last visit, and although he wasn't speaking as much, he  was as curious as ever and asking questions and, of course, willing to  give me a little advice, all of which I treasure. A few years ago, back  in 2015, you may remember that President Bush had a health scare. He  had fallen and broken a bone in his neck, and he was in tough shape. I  was up there for a visit. I had made plans to visit him before his  injury occurred, but once it happened I thought I had better do  something different, a little special. So I got a baseball, and I  wrote: George H.W. Bush, America's first baseman. I asked if a couple  of my colleagues would be willing to sign it. Folks, when people found  out this baseball was going to George H.W. Bush, everybody wanted to  sign it.   I got a get-well card about this big--the biggest one I could find-- and asked a couple colleagues who would be willing to sign it. Folks,  everybody wanted to sign it. By the end of the process we had about 95  signatures on that baseball and on that get-well card. Why? Because  everybody wanted to be a part of sending this message to the beloved  former President.   He loved it, when I handed him the baseball, and, of course, he was  very curious to see who had signed it. One of his questions to me,  which was typical George Bush, was this: Did so-and-so sign it?   The names he recited were some of the more partisan Democrats on the  floor. One, as I recall, was whether Harry Reid had signed it, and,  sure enough, he had, proudly. That made George Bush so happy. His eyes  shown, and he smiled. He knew that those messages of encouragement to  him were heartfelt--and they were.   Finally, it is impossible to talk about George H. W. Bush without  talking about Barbara Pierce Bush. They were a partnership, and what an  example for all of us. Seventy-three years together--they were a true  team. They put family first, always. That has been a great lesson to my  wife Jane and me and our family--to watch how they navigated this crazy  political world we were in, and yet they kept their family strong and  together to this day.   We saw the family yesterday. Every one of those children and  grandchildren and now great-grandchildren were coming with love and  respect for their grandparents and great grandparents.   That unconditional support and love that Barbara Bush and George had  for one another formed a very equal relationship. Barbara Bush was  feisty and opinionated, and George Bush respected that, and he  respected and loved her. Those relationships in the family are what  gave him so much strength, in my view. As much as anything, for him it  was always about family as the foundation.   He was also a man of deep faith. He didn't wear it on his sleeve, but  he believed that he was going to rejoin Barbara. To him that was a  blessing. He also believed that he was going to see his daughter Robin,  whom they lost way too soon. That was a blessing.   As we mourn the death of President George H.W. Bush, we can find  comfort in knowing that he has been returned to those beloved family  members.   Jane and I send our condolences to the entire Bush family and to his  many, many close friends. At the close of this truly great American  life and this guiding light, let us honor his legacy by following his  example of patriotism, public service, and civility. Godspeed, George  Bush.   