 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my  bill, H.R. 4294, the Prevention of Private Information Dissemination  Act of 2017.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation will establish criminal penalties for  the unauthorized disclosure of living will and stress test  determinations and other individually identifiable information by  Federal officials.   With recent data breaches and leaks of sensitive information, it is  essential that we ensure that this information is safely guarded and  that people are punished for their illicit actions.   Since the enactment of Dodd-Frank in 2010, bank holding and certain  nonbank companies, designated as systemically important financial  institutions, otherwise known as SIFIs, are required to submit annual  reports to the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance  Company, the FDIC.   The purpose of these reports is to outline the company's strategy for  a potential bankruptcy in times of market stress. Through the living  will and the stress test process, banks submit detailed financial  reports about their businesses, such as assets, trade secrets, and  other classified information to the Federal Reserve and to the FDIC.   Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, the information has the potential to be  leaked by employees and, unfortunately, in April of 2016, this did  occur. In fact, on April 12, 2016, it was discovered that nonpublic  confidential supervisory information related to the living will results  was leaked to the press directly.   The Wall Street Journal article from that day cited ``people familiar  with the matter'' indicated that the agencies planned to reject the  revised living wills of at least half of the U.S. banks that  resubmitted proposals before formal decisions were sent to the  institutions.   In this instance, the leak was extremely harmful, as financial  institutions were preparing their quarterly investor reports. As a  result, regulators were forced to formally release their findings the  next day. In addition, this private information has market-moving  implications and can result in insider trading and illegal sharing of  information.   Mr. Speaker, prior to Dodd-Frank, the FDIC did not have market-moving  information on high-profile industries. Stress test requirements  therefore meant that the FDIC had to create new policies and new  procedures to help protect the information. According to the FDIC's  Principal Deputy Inspector General in 2016, the agency is ``not there  yet,'' and it may not be prepared to safeguard the information.   Sadly, between 2015 and 2016, the FDIC experienced many data breaches  that involved employees leaving the company. One such incident occurred  in 2015, in which a departing employee downloaded sensitive stress test  data onto a thumb drive.   These leaks are deeply troubling and, overall, they are unacceptable.  This information could be obtained by individuals to either invest or  to divest in particular stocks, which, obviously, can be quite damaging  to bank investors and to the capital markets.   The unauthorized disclosure of information that can significantly  alter the stock market is an extremely punishable offense. By  increasing penalties on employees of these agencies, it proves,  frankly, that they are not above the law.   That is why I introduced this bill, to ensure that sensitive market  information is properly protected and that people who improperly  disclose nonpublic, confidential information are, in fact, punished.  Mr. Speaker, ultimately, this is commonsense legislation that will help  mitigate future leaks of sensitive information.   I do want to thank Chairman Hensarling and the entire Financial  Services Committee for their continued hard work.   I urge my colleagues to support this extremely important piece of  legislation.   