 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the importance of any funding  bill, including funding for the border wall, as well as funding for our  communities and farmers who have been hit hard by natural disasters.   For those of us representing rural communities, we know how important  the agriculture community is, not just to the livelihood of those  areas, but to our entire Nation. Our farmers are often the unsung  heroes of our Nation, helping to create and maintain the breadbasket  that our country is known for.   In short, the American farmer feeds the world. It is not by accident  that American agriculture produces the safest and most abundant food  supply in the world. It is through blood, sweat, and tears over  generations.   In my home State of Georgia, agriculture is our top industry.  Blueberries represent a $1 billion industry across Georgia, and the  commodity is the backbone in many of our communities. After several  hurricanes and other natural disasters, it is past time that Congress  takes a stand to support our agriculture community by addressing their  needs.   I have been fighting for months to secure the disaster relief needed  by our farming community, especially blueberries. Plain and simple,  disaster relief funding must be included in any end-of-the-year funding  package.   Georgia has faced devastating weather recently, including hurricanes  and freezes. Georgians in every corner of the State are feeling the  impact. Whether it is along the coast or southwest Georgia, the need  for disaster funding is very much alive. Our number one responsibility  is to our constituents, those who have put their faith in us to do what  is right for our districts and for our country.   For this reason, Congress should stay here until we get this job  done. We need border security and we cannot kick the can on disaster  funding. I urge my colleagues to help us get this to the finish line  and to provide the help that millions of Americans are depending on.  Vote for our national security. Vote for our farmers and growers who  desperately need disaster assistance. Let's get this done.   