 Mr. President, I thank my distinguished colleague. I want  to join with the chairman of the Subcommittee on National Parks of the  Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, Senator Daines, to support  this resolution which was adopted unanimously last week recognizing  this week as National Park Week in this country.   When I left office as Governor of Maine in January of 2003, my family  and I the next day took off in a 40-foot RV to see the country. My  children were 12 and 9 at the time, and we basically circumnavigated  America over the next 5\1/2\ months.   Just before coming to the floor, I went down the list of the parks we  went to. The point I want to make is--and I get a bit emotional about  this. This was the greatest experience of my life, to have taken my  children to these parks with my wife, Mary; and to have seen and  experienced them and experienced the people at the parks was just an  unbelievable life-changing experience.   We went to Arches--I am doing them in alphabetical order, not  geographically--Bad Lands; Big Bend in Texas, which, by the way, is one  of the most beautiful places in the country and one of the least  visited national parks; Bryce Canyon; Canyonlands; Capitol Reef;  Carlsbad; the Grand Canyon--of course, every American should see the  Grand Canyon. No picture, no movie, no helicopter movie, nothing can  prepare you for the Grand Canyon; Mesa Verde; Olympic National Park in  the State of Washington; the redwoods and sequoias in California;  Shenandoah, just a few hours from here; St. John in the Virgin Islands;  Yellowstone; Yosemite; and Zion. These are gems.   It has become commonplace to reference Ken Burns' statement that the  national parks are ``America's best idea,'' starting with Yellowstone  but spreading across the country. They mark our history, they mark our  tremendous natural resources, and they are just pure inspiration.   I hope our colleagues can go, if only for 1 day. If you have 1 day,  you can leave Washington and be in Front Royal, VA, in about an hour  and a half and go down the Skyline Drive of Shenandoah National Park,  one of the most beautiful places in the country and within a couple of  hours of Washington. These parks are near every place. There are so  many gorgeous and extraordinary places among this system.   In Maine, we have two--one is a national park and one is a national  monument. We have Acadia National Park, which is the fifth most visited  national park in the country, and it is enormously important. These  parks are not only important to our spiritual well-being and the  ability of our people  [[Page S2335]]  to enjoy the wonders of this country, but they are also economically  important. Acadia, for example, has about 3.5 million visitors a year.  To put that in perspective, Maine has a population of 1.3 million. So  almost three times the population of Maine visits Acadia every year.  The estimate is $386 million of direct economic benefit to our State,  with 4,200 jobs. It is a magnet. It is a national park that draws  people into our State, and it is, indeed, one of the most spectacular  places in America. I have been there many times. From the top of  Cadillac Mountain to the place they call Thunder Hole, it is a gem of a  place that is on the ocean. Acadia is on an island just off the coast  of Maine. We just had a monument established about 3 years ago called  Katahdin Woods and Waters, which is the other side of the coin in terms  of attractive places that are important for visitors and are symbolic  of the places all over the country. Katahdin Woods and Waters is  inland. It is on a river. It has mountain views and forests, it is  inland Maine, which represents so much of what our country looked like  many years ago.   These places are deeply important to our country. I want to join my  colleague in challenging all of our colleagues to visit the national  parks. It is not only the physical nature, the physical attraction of a  place like the Grand Canyon, but it is also about the people.   I will never forget taking our children to Kitty Hawk on that RV  trip. We had a guide who knew everything there was to know about the  Wright brothers, and he engaged our kids in a way I hadn't seen. This  was education of the highest sort. The people in these parks are  dedicated, they know their stuff, and they make the experience so  dramatic and real for all the members of the family.   We have work to do in this body. We have a backlog of maintenance on  our parks that the Senator from Montana and I are working on, along  with Senators Alexander, Heinrich, and others, to try to find a  solution to this maintenance backlog. We do have work to do. We are  working with the parks to bring their admissions system into the 21st  century in terms of online access for park passes. There is plenty of  work to be done.   The underlying assets are so magnificent and are so important to our  country economically, culturally, socially, and spiritually. I am proud  to have joined my colleagues in sponsoring this resolution which was  adopted unanimously. I join my colleague and invite all of my  colleagues and all Americans to make it a point this year, as the  weather gets warmer, to visit one of these magnificent places. You will  be rewarded richly and the rewards will stay with you every day of your  life.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   