 Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman of the full committee  for his support of this fantastic bill that has been offered by Mr.  Barr.   This is pretty simple stuff. There are 2.2 million vouchers. 2.2  million vouchers. And we are talking about a demonstration project of  10,000: 2.2 million total; 10,000 in a demonstration project. We are  talking about a small sliver of vouchers that can go to help people who  are addicted to opioids, or even other drugs to, say, use the vouchers  to move people into transitional housing that are nonprofit. People are  making money off this. It is community transitional housing.   Help them maintain sobriety. Teach them valuable job-training skills.  Help them get employment. This is just simple common sense. And for  people to say, I can't support it because I am taking vouchers away  from others, that is bogus. There is 7 to 9 percent turnover in the  voucher program of the 2.2 million, and we are talking about a small  sliver to help people. This shouldn't be partisan. This is common  sense.   So I would ask--and I know that Mr. Barr has worked with the ranking  member, and she has been wonderful to work with on a lot of issues and  I appreciate her bipartisanship. This is one that I would ask her to  take a second look at, Mr. Chairman. If she did, I think she would say  it is a small number.   If it works, we can expand it, we can grow it, and we can help more  people get off of devastating drugs.   I just want to make one side comment on these drugs. In my  communities, it is not just individuals, it is crushing families. We  have little kids who are being taken out of homes in out-of-home  placement, crushing the budgets of our counties.    Let's get this done. If we are going to address this  crisis, it is the kind of thought process that Mr. Barr has put into  this bill of creative thinking, using resources that we have available  to us, to help people who are getting crushed by these devastating  drugs.   I know the ranking member cares about those people deeply. And I know  she has fought for those folks who have been inflicted with drug abuse.  I just would ask her, in this one, to join us and say: Let's do a small  demonstration project, just 10,000. Let's work together.   