 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Virginia for yielding.   I want the folks in Iran to know that the United States of America  stands with the people of Iran. As a closed society, I doubt they will  hear our words here tonight, but they should know that, in our hearts,  in our prayers, and in our thoughts, we have the people of Iran and  their best wishes in mind.   I have been here for 7 years in Congress, and during that 7 years,  Iran keeps coming up to the forefront; whether it is the Obama  administration's failed Iranian nuclear deal, which is coming up for  authorization--I think on the 19th of this month, the 15th, the 19th-- or if it is the protests, and since I have been in Congress, this is  the second round of uprising protest against the Government within  Iran.   Now, the dichotomy is the Obama administration ignored the people in  Iran. But the Trump administration has told the people in Iran: We  stand with you against an oppressive government.   Iran keeps coming up even in a Politico magazine article. They had a  well-sourced account of an alleged Obama administration scandal last  month. This prompted review by the Department of Justice and interest  by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.   The article alleges the Obama administration restrained classified  efforts by the Drug Enforcement Administration to shut down an  international criminal operation, Hezbollah. Now, Hezbollah, based in  Lebanon, is a proxy of Iran. And when you hear Hezbollah, you might as  well think Iran. They are one and the same.   So I am deeply troubled by the idea that President Obama's motivation  was getting past by any means necessary his failed Iranian deal. He  could not get anything in the way of that legacy.   Now, if this article is true, President Obama is more concerned about  passing his agenda item opposed by Members of both parties and a  majority of the American people than protecting the safety of the  American people. We all know about the pallets of cash that were given  to Iran. Now, they could have spent it on their economy. They could  have paid down debt. They could have done anything, but I would bet  that the largest state sponsor of terrorism, the country of Iran, used  the bulk of that money to continue funding terrorist operations around  the globe.   The number one recipient of Iranian help is Hezbollah. Now, let me  bring you a little bit closer to home. In 2012, I authored a bill  called Countering Iran in the Western Hemisphere Act of 2012, signed  into law by President Obama, directing the State Department to actually  do an in-depth study into the Iranian activities in the Western  Hemisphere, specifically, South America.   They did a halfway limp-wristed report that even the 2014 GAO  reported only 2 of the 12 requirements mandated in that law were fully  addressed. The Obama administration acted in complete disregard to the  law. Six others of my legislation were only partially addressed; four  were not addressed at all. Meanwhile, the activity of Hezbollah in the  Western Hemisphere continued, and it is continuing today.   There is an area in South America known as the tri-border region. It  is where the borders of Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay all come  together. Some would even say it is a lawless act area.  [[Page H70]]    It is controlled by elements of Hezbollah. And two acts of terror  happened in Argentina, in Buenos Aires. The 1994 bombing of the AMIA  Jewish cultural center in Buenos Aires was the single-largest loss of  life from an act of terrorism in the Western Hemisphere prior to 9/11,  believed to be hatched in the tri-border region by elements of Iran and  Hezbollah.   It was sort of swept under the rug by the Argentine Government of  Cristina Kirchner. But there was a brave individual, a special  prosecutor named Alberto Nisman, who took this on his own to say: We  know what happened at the AMIA. We know Iran was involved.   He set out to prove it. He compiled massive amounts of data. And the  morning before he was scheduled to testify in front of the Argentine  Congress about his findings, implicating the Kirchner regime for hiding  some of this because they wanted to coddle up to Iran--they wanted  Iran's help. They wanted to sell Iran nuclear technology, I believe.  They wanted Iran's help with money.   The morning before Alberto Nisman was going to implicate the Kirchner  regime for the AMIA bombing and hiding the facts from the Argentine  people and the world with regard to Iran's activities in that AMIA  bombing in 1994, Alberto Nisman was assassinated in his apartment, even  though he had multiple security personnel guarding him. Shot behind the  ear.   Now, the Kirchner regime tried to say that that was suicide. There  was no gunpowder on his hands. And it has now been proven that it was  not suicide, that it was an assassination, possibly by elements of Iran  as well.   I say all that to let the folks listening tonight here in America and  around the world know that Iran isn't just in the area in the Middle  East known as Persia. They have elements, like Hezbollah, that are  operating globally. Iran has said that they want to wipe the Big Satan  and the Little Satan, Israel and the United States, off the map. They  don't have our best interest at heart.   But as a free people here in the United States of America, I can tell  you that we have the best interest of the Iranian people at heart. When  we stand on this floor and we talk about the uprising, the protests  that are going on in Iran now, we have the best interest of the Iranian  people at heart, because we don't stand to benefit in any way for us  standing up for freedom, for folks who want self-government, for folks  who want less oppression, who want some say-so in their livelihood and  how their government operates. That is what the Iranian people are  talking about in these protests.   So, unfortunately, the Obama administration and the State Department  did not take the Countering Iran in the Western Hemisphere Act very  seriously. But Iran is here. They have opened cultural centers and  embassies in Latin America. I don't know the number right off, but they  continue to be more involved here closer to home. There are no cultural  ties, very limited economic ties between Iran and Latin America. So you  have to question yourself as to why the Persians are here.   You have to be aware that Iran is the largest state sponsor of  terrorism with billions--hundreds of billions of dollars that we  released to them, pallet-loads of cash that could find their way into  terrorist organizations that don't have America's interest at heart.   So I want to thank the gentleman from Virginia for giving us an  opportunity tonight to focus on Iran; to focus on its proxy, Hezbollah;  to focus on primarily the Iranian people in their quest for more  freedom.   