 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the time and for  leading this effort tonight to recognize National Bible Week and the  importance of it.   Mr. Speaker, above your head is emblazoned the national motto of our  country, which says, ``In God we Trust.'' We all say that quite often,  but, quite frankly, we have no idea of how to trust in a God that we  don't know anything about. So the question is: How do we know God and  we know we can trust Him?   Mr. Speaker, we know God because the inspired Word of God is the  Bible. Through the chapters of the Old Testament and the New Testament,  those truths are laid out by which we can know God and understand His  ways, or try to understand His ways, try to understand the fact that  His Son came to this Earth and lived and died to save us from our sins,  that we might rely on Him as our personal savior and the only gateway  in which we can spend eternal life in Heaven, but is also here for us  to live our daily lives day-to-day. In the truths of the Bible, we can  live our lives, interact with each other, and do that in a way that is  pleasing to God.   John Adams wrote that only a moral and religious people can self- govern. We have enjoyed a self-governance scheme of governance now for  242 years, but that moral and religious high ground that John Adams was  referencing is founded in the truths of the Bible.   If each of us is free to decide what is true on our own, then we are  in big trouble. That is where our Nation is leading us today. We are  separating ourselves from that moral high ground that is laid out in  the Bible in very clear and convincing terms to our own peril.   There are a lot of things going on in this Nation that God can't  bless. Most of us here tonight would argue that we are a blessed  nation: blessed with resources, blessed with oceans on both sides that  have protected us during the infancy of our Nation, blessed with  hardworking people, blessings up and down the list in which God has  blessed us.   Are we, in fact, a blessable people? When God looks at America today,  does He look at a people who are blessable or worthy of being blessed?   We have things going on in our Nation today, Mr. Speaker, that are an  abomination. We have killed 60 million babies in 45 years. God can't  long bless a nation who stays on that path of killing those infants.   Putting it a different way, those early children who were aborted  following Roe v. Wade would be 45 years old today. They would be at the  prime of life. They would be leaders in this Nation. They would be  doctors, lawyers, researchers, scientists, and others who might have  made this world an entirely different place, a much better place than  it is. But they were not allowed to live those lives that God had  planned in the womb for each of those lives to the fullest. This Nation  can't long continue to be blessed if we stay on that path.   How do you correct that? You reclaim that moral high ground by living  a moral code.   I live the Judeo-Christian moral code that is set forth in the Bible  we are honoring tonight. Jesus Christ is my personal savior, and I will  spend eternity in Heaven based on His death, resurrection, and my  belief in that.   We as a nation must begin to turn back to that code. Each one of us  have to live that code in order to reclaim that moral high ground. We  can't legislate it in these votes in this Chamber. You can't do it in  the State capitols. You can't do it in county commissioner's courts, or  you can't do it in city council chambers. This is a decision that each  one of us has to make personally to make that happen.   2 Chronicles 7:14, the promise out of the Old Testament, has been  referenced several times tonight. It is a promise that God has made  that we can claim. In fact, Mr. Speaker, I would argue that our Nation  has never been in more need of claiming that promise than we are  tonight.   Turning from our wicked ways is the key phrase in that passage.  Obviously, seeking God's face and praying is the next step. But we have  to turn from the wicked ways, and that involves deciding what, in fact,  is and is not wicked. The basis for that decision is in the Scriptures  of the Bible, the inspired Word of God that we are honoring here  tonight.   My call is that we claim that promise and that we begin to lead those  moral and religious lives that are required to continue to self-govern.  If we don't, then self-governance will be lost on future Americans.   Think about this last idea. We celebrated this month since the end of  World War I. The last 100 years, I would argue, there has never been a  nation that has done as much good for the rest of the world and asked  so little in return as the United States of America.   I personally believe that was God's divine mission for us as a  nation, to protect liberty and freedom, the way that we have done the  last 100 years. Looking at the next 100 years, Mr. Speaker, who will  take up that mantle if we lay it down or it is taken away from us? Are  we going to look to China, Russia, or radical Islam to protect freedom  and defend liberty the way we have done the last 100 years? I would  argue that is not what is going to happen.   If those truths are going to be defended and available to future  generations of all of us in the world, then America must reclaim the  moral high ground and protect self-governance the way we must.   Mr. Speaker, this is an important week. I appreciate my colleagues'  conversations tonight. I would ask that God continue to bless each and  every one of us, that God bless Texas, and that God continue to bless  the United States of America.   