 Mr. Speaker, I am changing my comments because I was  offended by the last speaker.   I grew up in a family where dad built trucks on the line and mom  worked at the Salvation Army. In my district alone, people get to keep  $2,700 of the money they earn in their pocket rather than being sent to  the Federal Government so our colleagues on the other side of the aisle  can find a way to spend it.   The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was the first major reforms and major tax  cuts in 31 years. I was young the last time Congress was actually able  to do something about taxing people, taxing money that they earned so  we could figure out how to spend it here--and, frankly, some days, I am  convinced not well.   Since that tax cut jobs have grown. As is noted, unemployment is down  record levels across all demographics. The class warfare kind of amazes  me, frankly.   This week, we are building on those achievements by advancing three  critical pieces legislation. First, the bill now, the American  Innovation Act, will allow startup businesses to double the write-off  amount of startup costs to encourage new business, exactly the type of  people we want to grow businesses and create jobs in this country. It  will bring in new investors and doesn't trigger limits on their tax  benefits.   Today, we will also consider the Family Savings Act, which gives  broader options for retirement savings for people that go to work and  want to know what happens when they get older.   Tomorrow, we will be debating the Protecting Families and Small  Business Tax Cuts, which makes permanent the individual and small  business tax cuts from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, tax benefits that  were denied in the Senate because it was determined they needed 60  votes.   I will tell you where the 60 votes did not come in. It did not come  in from our colleagues on the other side of the aisle. So when we were  criticized that they are not permanent at this time, it is because our  colleagues on the other side of the aisle decided they would use it as  a political talking point rather than make permanent the benefits that  would have helped my family, my parents, when they worked.   Mr. Speaker, I am a cosponsor of all three bills, and I ask my  colleagues to support them.   