 Mr. President, Senator Murphy is right. It is not just  what is in the resolution that concerns a number of us, including  funding for the Affordable Care Act. We remember debates here in this  body--there are a whole lot of Members of Congress, who have insurance  paid for by taxpayers, who are willing--by cuts in Medicaid and other  repeals as far as the Affordable Care Act--who are willing to take  insurance away from so many of our constituents. Constituents who make  $8, $10, and $12 an hour aren't lucky enough to have the health  insurance we have, but we have provided for it through this bill. I am  a Democrat, and I stood for months with my Republican Governor, John  Kasich, in fighting for that.   As a number of people have pointed out, there is not what there ought  to be for community health centers in this bill. I know that in North  Carolina, as in my State, there are a number of rural hospitals. We  have had two major hospitals announce their closure--one in Massillon  and one in Dayton. The one in Massillon is a hospital that serves a  town of slightly under 40,000 people. The closest hospital is 15, 20,  25 minutes away for emergency care in Canton. The hospital in the  middle of Dayton has announced its closure, partly because of what this  body has done--the unevenness and the attacks on health insurance, what  was in the tax reform law and what that will mean for insurance prices.  We know it has made our healthcare system less stable. And we know how  this bill has been written.   Down the hall about 100 feet, is the office of Senator McConnell, the  majority leader. The Affordable Care Act repeal was written in that  office, behind closed doors, by insurance companies and Wall Street  lobbyists. The tax reform bill, where 80 percent of the tax cuts went  to the richest 1 percent of the people--that was written in Senator  McConnell's office by a bunch of Wall Street and tax lawyers. Now this  resolution to ``keep the government open'' again was written down the  hall in Senator McConnell's office. There was no input from Democrats.  There are 49 Democrats in this body. I believe we represent more than  half of the population of this country. Yet we were not even included  in this discussion.   This is the first time ever where one party controls the White House,  the House, the Senate, and the Supreme Court, and yet they have not  even included--one, they are not competent enough to run the  government. They just do this ``limp along one month at a time''  resolution. This is the fourth resolution, the fourth temporary budget,  the fourth continuing resolution just since September.    Does that mean that what I said--that Senator McConnell  didn't have lobbyists in his office writing legislation, is that what  the rule XIX means and what the Presiding Officer is now discussing  with the Parliamentarian or that my friend from North Carolina is  alleging?    Thank you, Mr. President. I am not impugning anybody's  motive. I am just stating what I read in newspapers and what seems to  be fact, but I am not impugning motives here.   I would add one other thing before making a motion, Mr. President. I  appreciate the reminder from the Senator from North Carolina.   Secretary Mattis, the Secretary of Defense--I don't know if Secretary  Mattis is a Democrat or Republican; I don't really care; he obviously  was confirmed by the Senate and nominated by this President--came to  the caucus and talked to our Democratic meeting and talked to us about  the importance of giving us some permanence and predictability in the  budget process. For us to continue to limp along one month at a time is  not the way we should be governing this country.   The Air Force Under Secretary, Matt Donovan, said: What we are really  concerned about is that the further along we go into the fiscal year  with these short-term CRs, the more likely a full-year CR becomes. That  is not a good thing for any of us. It will have damaging impacts on  readiness and modernization.   The former Air Force Secretary, with whom I was having breakfast at  the Pentagon a couple of years ago, explained all the costs, all the  expenses every time the far rightwing of the tea party--the Republican  Party in the House--threatened a government shutdown, every time we get  close to it, the Air Force, the military has to spend money--taxpayer  dollars--to prepare for what if, in fact, they shut the government  down.   We can't run our government, 2 weeks, 3 weeks, 4 weeks at a time, and  we don't have to.   My Republican colleague, my friend from Kansas, just joined again the  Banking Committee. He said this week that people want to make sure we  don't have a shutdown. People who want to resolve differences should  know there are other options besides doing another short-term CR.   I was speaking to some people in Dayton today. Dayton is the home of  the largest single-site employer in Ohio, the Wright-Patterson Air  Force Base. The reason I am cochair of the Air Force Caucus is because  of Wright-Patterson, in Springfield, Mansfield, and Youngstown and  their Air Force employees in my State.   I don't want people to go to work tomorrow morning--whether they are  inside the fence, civilians or military, or whether they work outside  the fence, outside the gate--and find out the government is closed.   That is why we have another option. I am asking the Republican leader  to reopen the government right now.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of Calendar No. 36, H.R. 1301; that the  amendment that would provide for a continuing resolution to fund the  government through Wednesday, January 24--3 days--which is at the desk,  be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered  read a third time and passed; and  [[Page S423]]  that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table, with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I agree with the senior Senator from  Hawaii. Give us just a day. Go back to the Murphy continuing  resolution. You don't need to have 3 days. Give us 1 day so we can reel  in the government, so that if we don't finish by 6 or 7 or 8 o'clock  tomorrow morning, the government is closed right now. We know that.   I would like to ask Senator Tillis and the Presiding Officer and the  Republican leadership if they would just give us that day or two to  negotiate in earnest and fix this. All of us are willing to stay here  all night. We stayed the weekend, and we will stay as long as we need  to because I don't want the public to see ``closed'' signs on all of  these government offices. I don't want to see Federal employees show up  to work and be turned away. I don't want to see workers inside and  outside the gate at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base find out that their  lives have changed.   We can fix that by asking unanimous consent to open up the government  now and give us a few days to do this.    Mr. President, I have heard my colleagues talk about CHIP  and take credit for CHIP and it is so great what they did. Of course, I  am glad they now are actually for it, but I have worked on CHIP for a  long time, for more than a decade. I am on the Finance Committee--I  think the only one in this room right now who is on the committee that  worked on this. We have been asking--CHIP expired September 30. Early  September, we asked Chairman Hatch to move on CHIP. October, November,  December, in the middle of the tax bill, we asked Chairman Hatch to  move on CHIP. Finally, he did. It was a bipartisan vote. I will give  both parties credit. The other Senator from Ohio, Mr. Portman, voted  for it. Only Senator Toomey opposed it in the whole committee, but then  it sat there. It hasn't had a floor vote.   So it expired September 30. We went October, didn't do anything;  November, didn't do anything; December, didn't do anything. Now,  January 21, more than a year after President Trump was inaugurated,  they seem to want to do something on CHIP. I appreciate that they do.  Don't get me wrong. I care so much about this.    Of course.    I thank the Senator from New Jersey, who has been a real  leader on this issue too. The bill would have come to the floor before  the clock started because it would have come to the floor in September,  likely, before it even expired.   Think about it. We talk a lot about issues and talk a lot about  numbers in this body, but think about this for a moment. You are a  parent in the State of Virginia, 10 miles from here, and you are making  $9 an hour and your wife is making $11 an hour and you qualify for CHIP  because neither you nor your spouse has insurance. You qualify for  CHIP--209,000 in my State, 100-and-some thousand in Virginia.   Do you know what happened to you in the last month? You got a letter  from the State of Virginia probably around Christmas. I am not sure  when the letters were sent. You got a letter saying: Sorry, your health  insurance is about to expire for your children. Imagine. You go out to  the mailbox, you pick up the mail, you tear an envelope open, you open  this letter, and you see you are going to lose your health insurance.  Why? Because the people in this body, who get government insurance,  insurance paid by taxpayers--the 100 privileged Senators, the 435  privileged House Members. We have insurance, but we don't care enough  to do this? Again, we had September, October, November, December,  January. Now it is in this bill as a political thing instead of really  genuinely caring about CHIP.   So say a lot of things on the other side of the aisle, but don't try  to tell us they genuinely care about the 209,000 CHIP beneficiaries in  my State, the 100-and-some thousand and another couple hundred thousand  in Connecticut, New Jersey, and Hawaii because it just ain't so.   