 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mr. Pallone's courtesy in  permitting me to speak on this bill. I respect his efforts, and I  respect a number of his concerns. But I do think that the work that we  have done with Mr. Mullin, with the committee, and I appreciate the  subcommittee's extra efforts to work through these elements, listen to  people's objections, and to do it right.   There has been no argument that this provision has cost lives. The  failure in emergency rooms, other circumstances, for people to not be  able to get the full picture of a patient's condition ends up sometimes  with tragic consequences. We have yet to hear any reason why we  shouldn't coordinate.   Now, I appreciate concerns about patient privacy, but as Dr. Burgess  and my friend from Oklahoma point out, we are strengthening provisions  under this bill for disclosure. People don't want to stigmatize those  with substance abuse, we agree. But having a separate system that  people have to go through just for substance abuse implies a stigma.  People will think there is something wrong with these people. You don't  do this for AIDS anymore. This harmonizes with all the other HIPAA  provisions.   Candidly, forcing people to go through yet another step probably  raises questions about the validity of disclosure, raising questions in  the minds of those who go through that.   Mr. Speaker, we have made, I think, tremendous progress dealing with  stigma, dealing with patient protection, what we have done for mental  health, which has devastating consequences in some cases if people's  records were revealed. Think what has happened with HIV/AIDS. There was  a time when that would end up with people not just having a stigma but  at risk of losing their jobs, being ostracized.   These are the same provisions in this bill that are there for HIV/ AIDS or mental health, for everything under HIPAA.   I really do think that we take a step back, understanding that having  separate authorizations complicates the coordination and integration of  treatment. Oftentimes, behavioral health information doesn't arrive in  an orderly fashion. It is another step of complication that could have  tragic consequences.   In fact, the subcommittee's record demonstrates that. There have been  examples where people have died because the medical providers did not  have the full picture of the patient. This legislation will fix it.   