 Madam President, I come to the floor today to talk about  fires that Colorado faces right now--some of the most devastating fires  in Colorado history. As of the writing of our comments this morning,  there were 40 fires so far in 2018. This is one of them. I think this  is the 416 fire, which I had the opportunity to visit just a couple of  weeks ago.   This past week I was in Colorado, where we were able to see the  Sugarloaf fire. I drove by the Weston Pass fire. This is some distance  away from the Lake Christine fire, and obviously, the Spring Creek fire  in Colorado. As a result of these fires, over 355,000 acres in Colorado  have burned. That is simply devastating right now.   Congress has not been inattentive to the needs of our forests. Over  the past several months, we passed legislation that would fix the fire  borrowing crisis that had gripped the Forest Service. That was  something that was forcing them to cannibalize dollars that could be  used to reduce the next year's forest fires on this year's forest  fires. We fixed that. We put fixes in place for that.   We also passed legislation to give our land managers more tools to  help address dead trees and insect- and disease-ridden forests so we  could have healthier forests. I hope the work we do on healthy forest  policies, which we have already made progress on, will continue in this  Congress. These fires are certainly devastating.   These communities remain open. No matter where you are in the  country, if you have a summer vacation in Colorado, I hope you will  still come. These communities need you now more than ever. They need  your dollars. They need your resources. They want you to come and  visit.   In the meantime, we have to make sure that we provide our  firefighters--the great men and women on the frontlines of these  fires--the tools they need to protect our communities and the tools our  land managers need to make sure they can prevent these fires from  happening.   In this Congress we have also considered policies addressing  categorical exclusions. That is a fancy way of saying that it gives  line managers tools to reduce the fire risks in certain areas. We have  helped to provide tools in fire regimes I, II, and III. There are five  fire regimes: fire regimes I, II, III, IV, and V. They are defined by  how likely they are to burn and how frequently they are to burn in  certain conditions. Much of the West, though, is what is called fire  regimes IV and V. You can see the colors of fire regimes IV and V, the  orange and reddish color, and the purple color. The green, the light  green, the yellowish colors are I, II, III.   We have been able to provide new tools for fire regimes I, II, and  III, but we haven't provided as many tools in fire regimes IV and V.  That happens to be a significant portion of the West. That is where  most of the beetle and other insect kill has occurred in Colorado. When  a tree is killed by an insect, it creates a significant fire hazard.   We have also been able to provide the amendments that we filed in the  farm bill. Unfortunately, they didn't succeed. I hope we can get them  through to provide help in these high-risk areas of disease and insect- ridden forests.   Past management practices have created conditions where we may have  monoculture forests, where you a forest with the same age of trees. You  have the same conditions that allow them to be susceptible to the same  insects and the same diseases, and you end up with thousands of acres  that are susceptible to catastrophic wildfire.   Where a lot of Colorado's beetle kill and insect kill can be found is  also where the headwaters of some of our Nation's most significant  water sources are. Colorado is the only State in the country where all  water flows out of and no water flows into. I know the Presiding  Officer is a beneficiary of Colorado water as well--probably not enough  of it, she would say. But it is important to Nebraska that we protect  Colorado forests because the headwaters of the Platte River are in  Colorado--the North Platte and the South Platte.   There is work we have to be doing to make sure that we protect these  watersheds, because what happens when a forest burns is that you end up  with hydrophobic soil conditions and that runoff from a rainstorm goes  directly into the water. It destroys the watershed. If you have a  forest that has four or five times the undergrowth that it should, then  that takes more water out of what would naturally go to the waterway  and the watershed, meaning there is less water available for other uses  downstream.   I want to talk more about forest management. We had another fire in  Colorado called the Buffalo fire in Summit, CO. If you have ever driven  up I-70 through the Eisenhower Tunnel, toward Breckenridge, you go by a  town called Silverthorne. You can see in  [[Page S4932]]  Summit County that the Buffalo fire threatened 1,400 homes. So 1,400  homes were evacuated as a result of this fire. The fire was 91 acres.  It is about 95 percent containment, but this risk it posed was  significant because there was a very densely populated area of the  mountains, a community of homeowners. There were 1,400 homeowners who  had to evacuate.   They had a lot of high-risk fuels, but what this community had done  was something we should brag about all over the West. They actually had  collaborative efforts with State and local governments in this area.  They developed fuel treatments to help moderate fire activity.   This was a challenging fire. We have extreme fire behavior in  Colorado this year, but because of the collaborative work they had  done, that helped to reduce the risk, to thin forests, to reduce the  fuel, and to create the fire breaks. They were able to keep this fire  from reaching those homes. The fire treatment worked. This is an  example of a process we ought to be spreading and looking at to help  reduce hazardous fuels around the West to make sure we don't lose our  communities when we have these devastating fires. This was just west of  Silverthorne. These fuel reduction projects helped to create fire  breaks, and they prescribed burns which contain a fire with extreme  behavior that could have been devastating. This wasn't too far away  from the Dillon Reservoir, a key source of water for Colorado.   I also want to talk about some of the language we have in the farm  bill. We have language in the farm bill that addresses vegetation  management. This picture shows what happened after a forest fire. This  is a power line, obviously. You can see the power lines going through  it.   We have risks to our forests, our communities, our homes, and risks  to our watersheds. We also have risks to our power supply systems. You  can see that this pole has been simply disintegrated as a result of the  fire. This has cost at least one utility over $10 million in the Basalt  area, as a result of the fire.   We are working on language dealing with vegetation management.  Senator Bennet and I sponsored language that would allow utilities to  do work on their own dime outside of the rights of way to prevent this  fire from impacting our electricity and energy system. The Lake  Christine fire, which is near Basalt, put a lot of different types of  electric infrastructure out of commission. This utility, as I  mentioned, is estimating that it will be millions of dollars for them  to repair. It makes sense for us to give tools to these utilities on  their own dime to prevent this kind of damage, because they would be  creating fire breaks. They would be creating more resilient systems  that would allow our communities a little bit more security, I guess,  in knowing that their electricity systems would be protected and safe.   These kinds of bills that we have been able to produce have had and  will have great impact on how we can prevent and how we respond to  catastrophic wildfires. Certainly, a $10 million cost from one fire, as  well as other costs, will increase rates. It has the potential to  increase rates dramatically if we can't get a handle on the right kinds  of policies.   Finally, I want to turn to another disturbing aspect of what we have  seen in Colorado with these forest fires. We have seen an uptick of  drones flying over active forest fires and firefighting areas. If you  fly a drone and do that without interfering with the firefighter-- following all the rules--then I don't think anybody has a problem with  it. If you are flying a drone and violating the rules and you are  flying it over an active fire, stop it. I talked to far too many  incident commanders who had to call off air tankers because there was a  drone in the area. There is a video on YouTube where you can see  footage from the drone taking a picture of the forest, while you see  the shadow of a tanker on the ground because the tanker went right over  it.   The pilots of that tanker were asked: Did you see the drone?   They said: No.   What would have happened if that drone had hit that plane, perhaps  causing an accident, perhaps costing lives, perhaps starting a new fire  because the plane could have crashed as a result?   If you call off an air tanker already in the air, that tanker can't  land with the slurry that it has onboard already. So the air tanker  gets called off. It then has to dump the slurry somewhere else. That  could be $10,000 worth of slurry at a time wasted because they got  called off because somebody decided they would rather fly their drone  and get videos that they can post on YouTube, instead of allowing  firefighters to do their job.   This is what the Forest Service put out: ``If you fly, we can't.''   You have a 110,000-acre fire in the Spring Creek fire right now. Over  200 homes are lost. An hour a day without supertankers--without air  tankers--is a big problem for those communities and the men and women  putting their lives at risk trying to defend and protect our forests  and our communities. I hope people will use a little bit of common  sense and not fly their drones over an active firefighting.   I introduced legislation with Senator Bennet and Congressman Tipton  to make it a felony to interfere with a firefighter operation over a  forest fire if you are flying a drone illegally.   We met with individuals from Oregon and from all over the West when I  visited the fire at the incident command center in Southern Colorado  when we visited the Spring Creek fire. We talked to fire men and women  who spent their Fourth of July not watching fireworks or picnicking  with their family but defending and protecting our communities in  Colorado. We thank them for their work. We thank them for their  tireless efforts and sacrifice.   It is dangerous. In fact, just last week, as we were at the fire on  Friday, we commemorated and recognized the anniversary of the Storm  King Mountain fire and the 14 persons who were killed near Glenwood  Springs about 24 years before. This is a very serious fire season.  Thankfully, we have serious policies in place that are addressing it.  There is more work we can do.   I thank my colleagues.   