 I thank the Senator from Oregon for bringing us here today.   Mr. President, 53 years ago this week, President Johnson signed the  Medicare bill. I believe it to be one of the most important pieces of  legislation signed in the last 100 years. It finally removed from the  shoulders of the senior citizens of this country the burden, stress,  cost, and anxiety of not knowing whether they were going to be able to  pay for healthcare, for hospitalization, for doctors' visits, and,  later, for prescription drugs.   I will talk for a moment about two things. No. 1 is what it has done  to our economy and, particularly, to the economy involving seniors.   Here is a pretty graphic representation.   In 1965, when Medicare was passed, a third of the senior citizens in  the country lived in poverty. One-third lived in poverty and in fear of  losing everything if they were stricken by health catastrophes or even  minor health problems that they could not deal with. Over the next 53  years, this line has come down to 9.3 percent of seniors living in  poverty. It has declined by two-thirds, largely because of Medicare,  largely because the financial burden of healthcare costs has been  eliminated from their shoulders.   Now, Medicare isn't perfect. There are things we can do to strengthen  it, to improve it. I think one of the things we need to do is to talk  about high drug prices and the effect on seniors under Medicare. We  also have to talk about prevention. One of the faults, I believe, with  Medicare is that it only pays for medical procedures and it doesn't pay  to prevent medical procedures. The cheapest operation is the one that  you don't have to have. I believe that is one of the areas in which we  can improve Medicare--to provide more preventive services that will  lower the costs for seniors, for the taxpayers, and for the whole  economy.   Medicare, I would argue, is one of the most successful programs this  body, this government, and this country have ever adopted. Yet, as I  stand here today, there are people in this Congress who are,  essentially, talking about scrapping it. They use all kinds of fancy  language about ``premium support'' and those kinds of things and that  they don't want to really do away with Medicare. Make no mistake.  Premium support equals vouchers, and vouchers equal the end of Medicare  as we know it.   This is a horrible, no-good, rotten, lousy idea, and we shouldn't do  it. It will decline. It will diminish the support for the program and,  ultimately, put the burden back on seniors of paying the cost of their  healthcare.   As to this whole idea of vouchers, who at 85 or 90 years old wants to  sort through 10 different insurance policies, compare deductibles and  copays, and try to figure it all out? I don't think that is practical.  I think it is a cruel joke on our seniors. As long as I am here, I am  going to do everything I can to call out this idea for what it is--a  [[Page S5489]]  cruel swipe at the protection for seniors that Medicare has provided.   I had a roundtable with seniors in Maine just this week, and we  talked about prescription drug prices but also about Medicare. One of  the things I learned is about one of the most important programs under  Medicare. It is called the SHIP program, or the State Health Insurance  Assistance Program, whereby people help seniors to sort through what is  still the fairly complex process of signing up and determining Medicare  coverage. That has been cut 20 percent in the last 2 years.   One of the things that came out of our roundtable was that what we  need, as much or more than anything else, is information and guidance  and care and concern. The SHIP program provides that. To be cutting it  at this moment, again, is just inexplicable and, ultimately, I feel, is  cruel. Now is not the time to be making cuts in Medicare. Now is the  time to be strengthening it, to be providing for the future, and to be  providing for those citizens who are coming up.   I know people in Maine who can't wait to be 65 because they will be  covered by Medicare. I suppose they would just as soon not be 65, but  they are genuinely waiting for the time when the burden of healthcare  expenses is lifted from them, at least insofar as Medicare can do  so. Yes, it needs improvement; yes, we should do more about prevention;  yes, we should do more about the cost of prescription drugs, but,  fundamentally, this is an important program that is so essential to the  lives of seniors across the country and the 200,000 Medicare patients  in the State of Maine.    This is an important anniversary. It is one that has really shown an  incredible change. If anything has shown a successful track record, it  is Medicare, and I am certainly going to do everything I can in my time  here to make sure it maintains itself as a bulwark against the risk of  medical catastrophe for our seniors. We can do that, and we shall do  it.   I yield the floor.   