 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Utah. While I am  not unappreciative of my colleague from California's comments, I do  think we are at a place where we do need to move forward. If we succumb  to the emotions of what is going on around us and don't stick to the  facts, stick to what we are trying to get done, I think that we do that  to our detriment. So I have great respect for my colleague and his  opinions, but I personally believe that plays into the emotions of what  is going on rather than the facts of what is going on. If we can, I  believe we should just continue to push forward.   First, let me say that the FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act is a  bipartisan compromise bill that preserves the operational flexibility  of section 702 while instituting key reforms to further protect U.S.  personal privacy.   One of the major issues discussed over the past year has been NSA's  ``abouts communication'' collection--a tortured title, but,  nevertheless, we will stick with the phrase, ``abouts communication.''  So ``abouts communication'' collection takes place in NSA's upstream  collection and, due to how the internet communications work, allows NSA  to collect the communications that may reference a section 702 target's  email address.   Despite what some of my colleagues may push in their propaganda,  ``abouts'' collection does not collect names of targets, just  selectors. Some of my colleagues also suggest that ``abouts  communication'' is inherently in violation of the Fourth Amendment to  the U.S. Constitution.   While the FISA court has raised concerns about ``abouts  communication'' collections in the past, NSA has been able to conduct  such collections with the approval of the FISA court. This type of  collection is at issue today because it was the subject to a compliance  incident in 2016. NSA self-reported a problem to the FISA court and  decided to cease ``abouts communication'' collection until a fix could  be implemented and demonstrated to the court. I would like to note that  that type of self-reporting of compliance incidents is expected of the  intelligence community elements and proves that oversight mechanisms  are in place and that they work.   Other potential legislation, including the amendments to today's base  bill, would seek to permanently end ``abouts communication''  collection. This is a shortsighted and a dangerous proposition that  will limit the NSA's ability to identify threat networks in the future.   Rather than ending ``abouts communication'' collection, S. 139  strikes, I believe, that right balance. If NSA wants to reestablish  ``abouts communication'' collection, NSA would first need to go back to  court, convince the judge that it has satisfied the court's concerns.  After achieving judicial approval that NSA has made the necessary  technical changes, NSA would then brief congressional Intelligence and  Judiciary Committees on how they plan to reinstitute this type of  collection. Barring congressional action, NSA can then start ``abouts  communication'' collection, 30 days after those briefings.   Some of our opponents to S. 139 claim that 30 days is not enough. To  the folks that claim that 30 days is not enough, there is nothing  stopping Congress from acting after that 30-day window. However, NSA  should not be penalized and America's security should not be  compromised and prevented from obtaining valuable foreign intelligence  information that the FISA court has deemed consistent with the Fourth  Amendment just because Congress can't pass legislation in 30 days.   This compromise of the bill that is on the floor today, I believe, is  the right answer, and I hope my colleagues will support S. 139.   