 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the pending  legislation before us. I believe it is very important that we show that  we do want to address this issue, and I think the Goodlatte-McCaul bill  does that in a humane way.   Now, we have this issue of separation of children that has arisen at  the border just in the last week or so. The Trump policy is not any  different on paper than the Obama policy was. What is different is the  way it has been covered, and President Trump has realized that  something needs to be done differently and has signed an executive  order yesterday to that effect.   I personally think that we ought to go back to the original policy  where, if you wanted political asylum, you applied at the embassy or  the consulate in your home country. And if you bring your children, and  you march them across the deserts of Mexico, and you bring them all the  way to the Texas border, you do get a court hearing, but I would say  that we give that court hearing back in their country of origin. And if  we have to send them back at taxpayer expense, we deduct the cost from  existing aid packages that we are giving to those home countries. That  way, they don't have to come all the way to the Texas border or the  California border or the Arizona border or the New Mexico border in  order to get their day in court. They wait in their home country, and  then they get their day in court there.   Nobody wants to separate families, but it is the parents who bring  the children with them. It is not the United States Government that is  forcing those parents to try to come to this country illegally and  bring their children.   The Goodlatte bill funds border security. It begins to solve some of  the issues of the lottery system. I personally think it is much better  to have a merit-based immigration system than a lottery system where  you just happen to, luck of the draw, get a come-into-the-United-States  card.   I think this is a good piece of legislation, and I hope we pass it  this afternoon.   