 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by commending my colleague from the  First Congressional District of Rhode Island, Mr. Cicilline, for  sponsoring this bill in the first place.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a Rhode Island hero and to support  the designation of the United States Postal Service facility at 515  Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Island, as the First Sergeant P. Andrew  McKenna Jr. Post Office.   First Sergeant McKenna had served with distinction for 17 years when  he was killed on August 7, 2015, during an insurgent attack on Camp  Integrity in Afghanistan.   That previous summer, I had the privilege of meeting First Sergeant  McKenna at the Bristol Fourth of July parade.   Mr. Speaker, he was only 35 years old, and he died running toward  incoming fire, saving the lives of his fellow soldiers.   A member of the 1st Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group out of Eglin  Air Force Base, First Sergeant McKenna saw six deployments, five to  Afghanistan and one to Iraq, and his extraordinary service was  recognized throughout.   Among his many medals are five Bronze Stars, one of which was awarded  with a valor device for his actions during a mission that resulted in  the death of a senior Taliban commander.   Following First Sergeant McKenna's death, he was awarded a Purple  Heart and Silver Star, decorations he richly deserved.   In my time as ranking member of the Committee on Armed Services  Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, I have heard the  stories of many of our special operators and the heroic deeds they  perform to keep us safe here at home. They are the consummate quiet  professionals, never far from danger, yet shying away from the  spotlight.   First Sergeant McKenna was ``the best of us,'' his fellow Green  Beret, Sergeant First Class Tim Kennedy, remarked.   He gave his life for his country, and naming the post office at 515  Hope Street in his honor is just a small way that we can thank him for  his remarkable service and ensure that his memory lives on.   Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank my colleague, Mr. Cicilline, and  our two Senators, Jack Reed and Sheldon Whitehouse, for coming together  to offer this legislation.   First Sergeant McKenna has made his parents, Peter and Carol McKenna,  his friends, the town of Bristol, and the entire State of Rhode Island  extraordinarily proud.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring his courage,  his service, and his sacrifice today.   