 Mr. Speaker, this is sort of like ice breaking  up: right on the pin of the point, you actually win. And I thank the  gentleman for waiting for me.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1417 is a simple, straightforward bill that will  treat the National Law Enforcement Museum as if it were a Federal  museum for purposes of obtaining, transferring, and displaying certain  classes of firearms.   The National Law Enforcement Museum is scheduled to open this fall.  It was authorized by an act of Congress and is being built on Federal  property. The museum is dedicated to telling the story of American law  enforcement by providing visitors a ``walk in the shoes'' experience.  The museum is working to expand and enrich the relationship shared by  law enforcement and the community through the museum's educational  journeys, immersive exhibitions, and insightful programs.   The National Law Enforcement Museum was created to provide visitors  with an opportunity to ``walk in the shoes'' of law enforcement, giving  them a behind-the-scenes look and allowing them to gain historical  perspective on how law enforcement has helped shape our society and  culture. Through fun, immersive, and educational exhibits such as Take  the Case, 911 Emergency Ops, and the Training Simulator, visitors will  gain a sense of what it takes to be a law enforcement professional.   These interactive experiences will give visitors a firsthand look  into almost every facet of law enforcement, while they learn about the  day-to-day complexities of safeguarding our communities. Visitors will  also be able to experience the personal side of law enforcement through  real-life stories of the men and women behind the badge, told  throughout the museum, and gain a greater appreciation for those who  have in fact made the ultimate sacrifice to keep peace within our  communities, especially in the great Hall of Remembrance: law  enforcement officers.   Mr. Speaker, may I say that a lot of times in the modern day media I  hear the term ``cop,'' I hear that something is wrong. People respect  our law enforcement officers and what they face every day, especially  with the national media and the pressures they have with them  constantly exposing them as the bad guys. I really believe if we didn't  have them, we would really be in trouble.   This is a simple bill that takes care of a problem, and I hope we can  pass it unanimously.   