 Mr. Speaker, today we rise to honor the service and  sacrifice of seven airmen fallen in the line of duty last week on the  Iraq-Syria border.   There are no words that fully describe the profound sorrow and  immense gratitude that consume us today. There are no words to describe  the emptiness this loss leaves in the hearts of communities all across  our Nation. There is, however, no shortage of ways to describe these  seven servicemen: selfless, heroes, patriots, and everything we aspire  to be as a people, as a nation, and as Americans.   These fallen airmen are the best of who we are. They are the  embodiment of what makes this country the greatest in the world, the  willingness to make the ultimate sacrifice in defense of our  exceptional Nation.   There is no doubt these brave men, and the so many who have fallen  before them, are the reason we have the opportunity to stand here today  in the well of the House of Representatives, in the heart of the United  States Capitol, which should always serve as a beacon of hope and  freedom for so many in our country and around the world.   Each and every day, these seven Americans answered the call of duty,  to defend the liberties on which our Nation were founded, to defend  their neighbors and communities, but, most selflessly, to defend the  millions of Americans whom they would never know.   Four of these airmen served with the 106th Rescue Wing in Westhampton  Beach, New York, located in the First Congressional District. This  amazing unit is made up of the best of the best our Nation has to  offer, with a long, rich history of service and sacrifice.   Mr. Speaker, the families of these seven great airmen have the  unwavering thanks and appreciation of every American across our  country, but, most of all, they have our utmost respect. We stand  shoulder to shoulder with every one of them as they go through,  undoubtedly, the most difficult moment of their lives.   Captain Andreas B. O'Keefe, Center Moriches, New York; Captain  Christopher T. Zanetis, Long Island City, New York; Master Sergeant  Christopher J. Raguso, Commack, New York; Staff Sergeant Dashan J.  Briggs, Port Jefferson Station, New York; Captain Mark K. Weber,  Colorado Springs, Colorado; Master Sergeant William R. Posch,  Indialantic, Florida; Staff Sergeant Carl P. Enis, Tallahassee,  Florida.   Mr. Speaker, I request that the House now observe a moment of silence  in memory of these seven dedicated, selfless, and courageous airmen.   