 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at the  conclusion of my remarks, the Senator from Iowa, Mr. Grassley, be  recognized.    Mr. President, I don't know how, but a lot of people back  home have gotten in their heads that defending America is a complicated  issue and that it is the kind of issue they think is going to have to  be decided in Washington by a lot of smart people and all that, but  nothing could be further from the truth.   The reality is, defending America is just common sense. It is called  priority--something we didn't have in the last administration. We all-- every American citizen--need to be responsible for our own national  security. I am going to be coming here each week to outline the common  sense for our common defense--what we are working on here in  Washington--for families back home.   Today I will talk about how we face the urgency in funding our  national defense. It is very simple. Again, it is common sense. Without  action to exempt the military from sequestration or to reach a budget  agreement, once again, we will have to face the devastating cuts of the  Budget Control Act in our military. We could handle it in other areas,  and I am very supportive of it but not in the military at this  particular time.   I will tell you why. We know what the result will be. We saw it  during the Obama administration. Without sufficient, sustained, and  predictable funding, we will squander the progress the military has  made over the past 2 years, which is to improve readiness, increase  procurement for critical capabilities, and investment in future  technologies. This is just in the past 2 years. We need to continue to  make progress.   We also need to implement the national defense strategy. The Trump  administration's national defense strategy correctly prioritized  strategic competition--and that is with China and Russia--but the  effective strategies are going to have to be matched with resources.   This chart is from the National Defense Strategy Commission. That is  this document right here. This is put together by a number of very top  people chosen by Democrats and Republicans. In fact, Senator Jon Kyl  was a member of this Commission before he got to the Senate. He and I  will be talking about this and complementing each on this tomorrow.  This chart we are looking at right now gives you an idea of what is  happening with some of the other countries. We have China, which is  actually increasing--they are passing us in terms of their number of  ships. This is true with everything else. It looks like they will pass  us in about 2023.   In this country, we are kind of used to having the very best of  everything. Ever since World War II, we thought that was our mission.   There is a quote out of this document we have right here that has  been so brilliantly described by so many people. It says: ``Put  bluntly, the U.S. military could lose the next state-versus-state war  it fights.'' These are the top military and nonmilitary people in our  society who conducted this study. It has been heralded as the most  accurate study by all parties having to do with our Nation's defense.   At a minimum, next year's defense budget should at least be $733  billion. That is a floor, not a ceiling. I have to say, that represents  a no-growth budget because, in fiscal year 2018, we went from $700  billion. Then, in fiscal year 2019, we went to $716 billion, and then  this will actually be going up to $733 billion. If that happens--do the  math--that is an increase of 2.1 percent, which is not even a growth.  It is a no-growth budget.   I have to say, General Dunford, Secretary Mattis, and the rest of  them have called for fully implementing the national defense strategy,  which would require between 3 to 5 percent of real growth.   On both sides of the aisle, we have had some individuals who are  advocating for cutting defense spending because of the increased  deficit. I am concerned about the increased deficit, but we also have  to have this priority. We have to have America catch up. We are not  used to having to catch up defensewise, but we are now.   Defense spending is not the primary reason for our increased debt. We  could eliminate the entire Pentagon budget, and the deficit would  actually grow. Here is why.   Over the past 10 years, our national debt has grown 86 percent.  During the same time, mandatory spending has grown 41 percent. All that  time, defense spending has been cut by 3 percent. It has been cut by 3  percent. Meanwhile, constant dollar defense spending dropped $200  billion between the years 2010 and 2015. In 2010, the total budget was  $794 billion. In 2015, 5 years later, it dropped to $586 billion. That  is a drop of $200 billion. In percentage terms, it is a 24-percent  drop. This hasn't happened since the end of the Korean war.   We have to do something about the growing debt. The only way we can  actually curtail it is to address the growth in mandatory spending.  There are a lot of programs in mandatory spending that could be cut.  Again, if you cut out the entire defense budget, it would not reduce or  eliminate the debt.   As mandatory programs drive spending growth to new highs, debt held  by the American people has correspondingly increased. If we don't do  something about this, interest on the debt will surpass defense  spending by fiscal year 2023.   As we see from this gray line here, this is the net increase in  spending compared to the total spending of nondefense. It passes  nondefense in 2023.   The Obama administration viewed the world as they wanted to see it,  not as it was. The assumption that Russia was a strategic partner was  and is fundamentally flawed and profoundly misguided. It has cost us  dearly.   Today we are faced with the reality that those decisions not only  weakened our national security by sacrificing our military advantages  over Russia, but it will be costly to recoup the capabilities that  President Obama had chosen to cut with his lack of priorities for the  military. That is the reality.   I think this President has done a good job in outlining who our pure  competitors are. We are talking about countries that have things better  than we have. We are going to be talking about that in some detail  tomorrow.   When the military is forced to reduce spending, it is going to have  to take tradeoffs between lowering readiness, reducing force structure,  and just not modernizing. In this case, we suffered through all three  of those in the last administration.   In the meantime, our adversaries--Russia and China--have increased  their own military spending and focused on force structure and  modernization. The size of the Chinese Navy will soon pass the size of  the U.S. Navy. There it is right here. It shows we are almost ready for  those lines to cross in 2018. They will cross in 2022.   Over the 2000 and 2030 timeframe, the U.S. Navy is growing at an  average rate of about one ship every 2 years, while the Chinese Navy is  growing more than 20 times faster, at an average rate of about 10 ships  annually. The quality and capability of those ships is increasing as  well.  [[Page S7414]]    As chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I see no bigger  imperative than this: to fully fund our defense and to fully implement  the national defense strategy.   When I talk to people out in the real world--I am talking about going  out to Oklahoma and talking to groups of people--and they find out it  was true that ever since World War II, we have had the occasion of  being No. 1 in all areas of our equipment, such as artillery and other  things, they are shocked to find out that the Chinese and the Russians  actually have equipment that is better than ours. We will be  specifically talking about this tomorrow.   With that, I thank my friend from Iowa. By unanimous consent, I think  he is the next speaker after my remarks.   I yield the floor.   