 Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 620, the ADA  Education and Reform Act of 2017. This is overdue legislation that will  increase protections for individuals with disabilities while providing  business and property owners the opportunity to remedy ADA infractions  before unnecessary lawsuits and the costs that accompany litigation.  Under the current ADA law, lawyers may collect fees when suing  businesses or property owners, but plaintiffs cannot collect damages.  The current system has created ``drive-by'' demand letters sent by  lawyers, like a bulk mailer, to every location on Main St. or at a  small mall. In some cases it was not clear that the plaintiff had even  attempted to access the property or had even gone inside. The emphasis  was on filing the lawsuit and collecting fees without regard for  increasing accessibility for the disabled. Sometimes the infractions  are easily corrected: signage, soap dispenser heights.   In my district in east San Diego County we have quaint, older towns  that are notable for their historical structures dating back to the  1800s. These communities are proud of their heritage and these  buildings are a source of local pride and tourism. In Julian, an old  gold mining and apple growing town, the Julian Town Hall was threatened  by a lawsuit. A public relations stunt was held there where someone  crawled up the steps of the town hall, cameras rolling, despite the  fact that a handicap accessible ramp was located on the side of the  building. In Ramona, a predatory lawyer targeted every business on Main  St. with various and frivolous claims. It is for these and other  reasons I introduced similar legislation, H.R. 777, the ADA  Notification Act of 2013.   With the ``notice and cure'' provision in H.R. 620, drive-by lawsuits  will be eliminated, business will have an opportunity to remedy any  deficiency, and there will be increased compliance and correction  because property and business owners cannot defer the corrections.   Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the rule which  makes in order H.R. 620, the ``ADA Education and Reform Act,''  legislation that would infringe on important civil rights of Americans  who live with physical disabilities.   I am deeply troubled that the House of Representatives is taking up  H.R. 620, legislation that would remove any incentive businesses  currently have to comply with this longstanding civil rights law and  undermining protections that allow millions to live independently and  in the dignified manner they deserve.   There are about 57 million Americans with disabilities; that number  translates to 1 in 5 Americans.   There are 31 million Americans with physical disabilities who use a  wheelchair, cane, crutches, or a walker.   And for that I commend former President George H.W. Bush, along with  many members of Congress, for their leadership in passing the Americans  with Disabilities Act of 1990, legislation that made our country's  public spaces more accessible to those with disabilities.   H.R. 620 would require disabled persons to notify businesses of a  violation of the ADA's public accommodation provisions contained in  title III of the act, and wait up to 180 days to remedy that alleged  violation before a lawsuit could be filed, presenting a direct  undermining of the civil rights of Americans with disabilities.   The ``notice and cure'' framework included in this bill would  fundamentally change the structure of the ADA's public accommodations  title and remove any reasons for business to comply proactively with  the law.   H.R. 620's notice and cure provisions will have the effect of  inappropriately shifting the burden of enforcing compliance with a  federal civil rights statute from the alleged wrongdoer onto the  discrimination victim.   Moreover, it would undermine the carefully calibrated voluntary  compliance regime that is one of the hallmarks of the ADA, a regime  formed through negotiations between the disability rights community and  the business community when the. ADA was being drafted 28 years ago.   H.R. 620 would, instead, perversely incentivize a public  accommodation to not comply with the ADA unless and until it receives a  notice of a violation pursuant to H.R. 620's notice provision.   Finally, the bill does nothing to address the problem that its  proponents seek to address, which is the purported concern with the  filing of meritless lawsuits by certain plaintiffs' attorneys, a  problem (to the extent that it is actually a problem) that is one of  state law, not the federal ADA.   This is not the first time in this Congress, or even this year, that  I witness the Republicans, allegedly a party for state's rights,  completely undermine the established idea that tort law should be left  for states to legislate without interference from federal mandates.   H.R. 620's proponents have never adequately articulated why federal  law must be amended to address a problem driven by state law.   Also, the bill makes no attempt to distinguish between meritorious  and non-meritorious lawsuits and would, instead, impose its harmful and  unnecessary requirements on all ADA claims, regardless of potential  merit.   I remain adamantly opposed to any effort to weaken the ability of  individuals to enforce their rights under federal civil rights laws and  I am concerned that H.R. 620 would undermine the key enforcement  mechanism of the ADA and other civil rights laws, namely, the ability  to file private lawsuits to enforce rights.   Joining me and my colleagues in opposition is a broad coalition of  236 disability rights groups, including:   American Foundation for the Blind, the Bazelon Center for Mental  Health, the Christopher and Dana Reeve Foundation, the National Council  on Independent Living, the National Disability Rights Network, the  Paralyzed Veterans of America, Vietnam Veterans of America, the AFL- CIO, the Anti-Defamation League, Human Rights Campaign, the NAACP, and  the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund.   Additionally, the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights  opposes the bill because it would ``remove incentives for businesses to  comply with the law unless and until people with disabilities are  denied access'' which ``would lead to the continued exclusion of people  with disabilities from the mainstream of society and would turn back  the clock on disability rights in America.''   Likewise, the American Civil Liberties Union opposes H.R. 620 because  it would ``fundamentally alter [the] way in which a person with a  disability enforces their civil rights and would severely limit access  to places of public accommodations.''   For the foregoing reasons and those discussed below, we strongly  oppose H.R. 620 and respectfully dissent from the Committee report.   While it is very important to protect small and growing businesses,  we can do so without jeopardizing the rights of disabled individuals to  have a day in court.   I do not believe that we have crossed the T's and dotted the I's with  all the information that we should have in trying to improve our  situation and address the concerns of many small businesses.   Small businesses are the heartbeat of America and the backbone of  successful communities, which is why I have served as one of their  strongest advocates during my tenure in Congress.   But the reality is that H.R. 620 does not help small businesses, it  only hurts the disabled.   I do, however, hope that we can achieve this balanced goal through a  different avenue.  [[Page H1192]]    So today I stand with Ranking Member Nadler, Congressman Langevin and  all those who stand for civil rights and for the rights of Americans  with disabilities.   For these reasons I oppose the rule governing H.R. 620.   