 Madam Chair, I thank Chairman Calvert for his leadership  on this legislation and for recognizing the critically important work  of cleaning up Federal Superfund sites across the United States.   The remedial program for cleanups will see a $40 million increase in  this package, bringing the Superfund total to $1.17 billion. This  funding is well spent. One cleanup project in the congressional  district I serve, the American Cyanamid Superfund site in Bridgewater,  New Jersey, is a worthy project, indeed.   The American Cyanamid site has been a hazard for too long, and the  project was placed on the Superfund list in 1983. It is time to have  the 44,000 tons of hazardous waste on this site safely and permanently  destroyed.   This is why we have a Superfund program and why the work of the  Energy and Commerce Committee and the Appropriations Committee is so  important. Federal officials and resources with the know-how and  expertise have tackled these problems in other parts of the country and  now need to focus on Bridgewater and other worthy projects across the  Nation.   This is a good project. I rise to call attention to its great merits  and to thank Chairman Frelinghuysen, Chairman Calvert, the committee,  and the EPA for their involvement and support thus far.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment increasing  funding for the Delaware River Basin Restoration Program.   Protecting our Nation's water supply is one of the major  accomplishments of this legislation, and the Delaware River is a strong  priority for the country.   I thank Chairman Frelinghuysen and Chairman Calvert for their support  of this program and support of my bipartisan amendment I offer tonight  with Congressman Gottheimer, also of New Jersey.   The Delaware River supplies water to over 15 million people and  serves as the major source of drinking water for New Jersey, New York,  Delaware, and Pennsylvania. Indeed, of the major cities across the  globe, New York is considered to have the best quality water, and that  is due to the Delaware River Basin.   Federal policies governing our Nation's waterways affect every State  and the lives and health of every American. The interstate commerce  generated by these multistate natural resources is squarely an  important Federal prerogative. But the Delaware River's national  significance is only part of the story. This is a wise Federal  investment.   The Delaware River Basin generates $25 billion annually in economic  activity, including agriculture, recreation, and ecotourism. Protecting  our water and contributing to at least 600,000 jobs and over $10  billion in annual wages gives taxpayers a return on the investment we  make with this vote.   I have the honor of representing communities on the Delaware River in  Hunterdon and Warren Counties in western New Jersey; and Congressman  Gottheimer, my Democratic cosponsor, also represents municipalities on  the Delaware River in Warren and Sussex Counties.   The Delaware River is a national asset. I urge a ``yes'' vote on the  Lance-Gottheimer amendment, and I am deeply grateful for the support of  the committee chair and the subcommittee chair.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Calvert).    Madam Chair, unfortunately, the offset is larger than the  increase because of the differences in outlay rates. Amendments must be  outlay neutral, per House rules.   Due to the work of Chairman Frelinghuysen and Chairman Calvert, the  underlying bill already includes the second year of a 2-year, $100  million funding surge in Fish and Wildlife Service construction  funding, making it one of the best offsets possible as an option.   This bipartisan amendment is crucial for preserving the Delaware  River watershed, which is already subject to cuts in the Senate's  Interior Appropriations bill.   Madam Chair, due to the importance of the Delaware River, I urge a  ``yes'' vote, and I yield back the balance of my time.    I thank the chairman for his strong support of these  programs.   I rise in opposition to the gentleman's amendment. Cuts to these  programs may be penny-wise, but I think they are pound-foolish.   I am the Republican chair of both the Arts Caucus and the Humanities  Caucus in this House, and these programs do wonderful work throughout  the entire Nation, in every hamlet in America and, of course,  supporting our veterans.   For every dollar the United States spends on Federal arts  initiatives, nine non-Federal dollars are leveraged, generating roughly  $600 million in matching funds. Last year's Federal arts appropriation  was under $150 million, but the industry returned $10 billion to the  Federal Treasury in income taxes.   I understand the gentleman's argument about government spending and  our national debt. I take these matters seriously and have opposed a  recent measure in this body that will increase our national debt over  the next decade.   But on these programs, I trust that my colleagues from the Arts and  Humanities Caucuses will expand on the incredible cultural and  educational importance of supporting these programs as well.   I urge a ``no'' vote on this amendment.   