 Mr. Speaker, I am pleased and, I must say, relieved to  describe for my colleagues the good news in the Military Construction/ VA division in the omnibus.   At times, it seemed like we might not ever get here. I regret that  our servicemembers and veterans have had to wait almost 6 months for us  to complete our jobs, but I think our final bill is worth the wait.   I want to certainly congratulate our chairman, Mr. Frelinghuysen, for  his incredible patience and deft negotiating skill to bring us to this  point. I also want to thank Mrs. Lowey and my comrade-in-arms Ranking  Member Debbie Wasserman Schultz for her rock-solid support and keen  analytic eye during this process.   Thanks to the budget caps agreement, we are able to provide long  overdue support to our military and their family members with a $2.4  billion, or 31 percent, increase, for a total of $10.1 billion for  military construction. With that funding we are able to provide $708  million for 12 medical facilities, $249 million for DOD schools, and  $8.2 billion for military construction projects in the United States.   Our Members will appreciate that we were able to provide $585 million  in unfunded requirements requested by the services, as well as  significant increases in planning and design for Active and Reserve  construction and unspecified minor construction. The bill also includes  $750 million in OCO funding, more than doubling the 2017 level.   Our bill fulfills Congress' commitment to our Nation's veterans, with  total discretionary funding of $81.5 billion for the Department of  Veterans Affairs, a $7.1 billion, or 9.5 percent, increase over 2017.  These funds provide important medical services to veterans as well as  disability compensation, post-9/11 education benefits, and a host of  insurance and lending programs.   Of note, we are able to provide $782 million for the new electronic  health record contract, the same record as DOD's, which will allow the  exchange of veterans' health records with DOD and community providers.   In addition and consistent with the budget caps agreement, our bill  provides $2 billion in medical infrastructure assistance--nonrecurring  maintenance, minor construction, and grants for State veterans  retirement homes. The $2 billion gives us the rare opportunity to  completely eliminate the backlog of approved State home applications.   I'm also pleased that we have the resources to make an important down  payment on the Southern Expansion of Arlington National Cemetery,  extending the Cemetery's capacity to 2050.   I urge an `aye' vote on the package. Help us do right by our  servicemembers and veterans and their families who have given us so  much.   Support the bill.   