 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today, we consider the nomination of  Federal Reserve Board Governor Jerome Powell to be Chair of the Board  of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, one of the most important  jobs in our government. The Federal Reserve System is the central bank  of the United States. It is responsible for monetary policy, ensuring  the stability of the financial system and the safety and soundness of  our banks.   The Federal Reserve in Washington, DC, also has 12 regions or  districts around the country. One of them is located in my hometown of  Cleveland. Governor Powell has been a member of the Federal Reserve  Board since 2012. He supported important principles of monetary policy  and critical elements of financial regulation. His track record over  the past 6 years shows that he is a thoughtful policymaker.   As the Chair of the Board of Governors, he would lead the Federal  Open Market Committee within the Federal Reserve. Governor Powell  supports the statutory dual monetary policy goals of maximum employment  and price stability--the cornerstones of a well-functioning economy.   Senator Crapo, who is joining me today, is chairman of the committee.  We listened to testimony today about the nomination of another Fed  Governor--not the highest position, as the Chairman of the Federal  Reserve, but a Federal Reserve Governor--Mr. Goodfriend. The answers we  elicited from him seemed to be, from my interpretation, that it was not  clear that he has the same belief and respect for the dual mandate. The  dual mandate, unlike what the Europeans do, is especially important for  workers in this country. In Europe, the only charge of the central bank  is to keep inflation down. In our country, the Federal Reserve, what we  call our central bank, has two jobs equally balanced--the dual policy-- and that is to keep inflation down and to keep employment up. They are  maximum employment and price stability, the cornerstones of a well- functioning economy.   To advance those policy goals, Governor Powell supports the Federal  Reserve's current path of gradual increases in interest rates. He  believes they should continue. At the same time, Governor Powell  recognizes the importance of an independent Federal Reserve. That is  very important. I don't want Members of Congress--with our prejudices,  biases, and political ideologies--to influence or to compromise the  independence of the Federal Reserve. Governor Powell recognizes that  independence. He is committed to following an example of prior Federal  Reserve Chairs by doing the job without a view to political outcomes.   Governor Powell played a significant role in implementing crucial  reforms under Dodd-Frank. He understands the importance of the rules  for stress tests, capital standards, and resolution planning. We need  the Federal Reserve to make sure that those rules are applied  thoroughly and consistently so that gaps or failures don't create  larger risks through the financial system.   We know that too many people in this body seem to have a collective  amnesia about what happened 10 years ago. It is up to us to remind  Governor Powell, and it is up to him to remember what happened 10 years  ago and to learn from it. As Chair, Governor Powell is responsible for  making sure the Fed fulfills its consumer protection role.   Americans work hard to make ends meet. They shouldn't have to  struggle with unfair and abusive practices by financial institutions.   The Trump administration is engaged in an effort to undermine  important financial system protections and reforms put in place in the  wake of the great recession.   Governor Powell has seen the developments in the safety and stability  of our banks during his time at the Fed. I expect him to maintain and  to improve those standards. Ohioans, still recovering from the last  financial crisis, can't afford the consequences of another financial  crisis. I know Governor Powell wants the Fed to play a part in the  success of the economy and American families. I call on him to continue  the Federal Reserve's measured path for monetary policy and to support  the strong regulations he helped put in place.   For some people, it is easy to forget how much damage was done by  this lack of strong oversight of our financial system, especially  during the last 4 years of the Bush administration, where millions lost  their homes. I know Chairman Crapo and I have talked about this. The  44105 ZIP Code that my wife Connie and I live in, in Cleveland, in the  first half of 2007, we had more foreclosures in that ZIP Code than any  ZIP Code in the United States. Think of what it does to people's lives.  Think of what it does to our families. Millions of people lost homes,  millions lost jobs, millions lost much of their life savings.   For the wealthiest Americans, the nearly 9 years of gains in the  stock market makes the crash of a decade ago a distant memory, but for  the vast majority of Americans who have little in direct holdings in  the stock market and not too much in other areas either, their wages  have been flat, and many still have not recovered from the crisis.   The Fed's latest survey of household wealth indicates--get this--44  percent of Americans can't cover an emergency expense of $400. Forty- four percent of Americans can't cover an emergency expense of $400  without selling something or borrowing. For some, if their car breaks  down, and they need $400 to fix their car to get to work, they have to  go to a payday lender, and then their trouble starts. Then they have to  go get a second payday loan and then a third payday loan.   Income inequality is the worst since the 1920s. The racial wealth gap  is enormous. The median Black household has only $11,000 to its name,  one-twelfth of its White counterpart.   The Fed can't solve all of our problems, but it can make them worse.  Right now, the Fed seems puzzled by why low unemployment is not  producing more inflation. Perhaps it is because more Americans are  struggling paycheck to paycheck. They can't bid up the price of goods  until they get out of debt. Yet even in the face of continued low  inflation, there are those pushing for rate increases to give  bondholders better returns. Others want to go back to some of the same  banking practices that brought about the financial crisis.   The independence of the Fed is critical but only if it is used to  make decisions based on data and experience, not ideology. That is  exactly what Ben Bernanke and Janet Yellen did over the past decade in  helping to guide the Nation to one of the longest lasting recoveries in  our history.   Go back to the year 2010. We know when President Obama took office,  we were losing 800,000 jobs per month in this country--700,000 the  second month--hundreds of thousands, millions of jobs at the beginning  of his administration.   Starting in 2010, in large part because of the auto rescue and other  things, our economy began to turn around. Since 2010, we have had job  growth in every single quarter--every single quarter--since the auto  rescue. President Trump loves to take credit for the job growth month  after month. The fact is, it was launched early in the Obama years, and  we have been able to sustain it--not economic growth to the level we  want, not job growth to the level we want, certainly not pay increases  to the level we want but something.   I hope Governor Powell will uphold that tradition that Chairman  Bernanke and Chairwoman Yellen began.   I plan to support Governor Powell's nomination. I urge my colleagues  to do the same.   