 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for  yielding to me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 2, the  disgraceful so-called balanced budget amendment.   You know, it has been said again and again on this side of the aisle,  but I think it warrants saying it even more. The Republicans passed  their tax bill for the wealthiest 1 percent, which blew tremendous  holes into the deficit. So coming here now a few months later and  purporting to be concerned about  [[Page H3171]]  the rising deficit, I mean, the actions are different than the words,  because the Republican tax scam blew a hole in the deficit, made it  very difficult.   So if you really want to change and you really want to have a  balanced budget, the way to do it is to sit down with both sides and  try to figure out a way to do it that is equitable, not something that  only helps 1 percent and has devastating cuts for the rest of  Americans.   So the Republican tax cuts will balloon the Federal deficit by nearly  $2 million over the next decade.   Again, this is not about balancing the budget. This is an attempt to  push an extreme agenda that will result in disastrous cuts to vital  programs that benefit Americans. Medicare would be cut by $200 billion  by 2025, Medicaid and healthcare subsidies by $150 billion, Social  Security by $325 billion, and veterans' disability compensation would  be cut by up to $30 billion.   Not only will this hurt the elderly, our veterans, and the sick, but  this dangerous amendment will also tie the hands of the Federal  Government and make it impossible for Congress to respond to urgent  matters of national security, like natural disasters, like  international security crises--we on the Foreign Affairs Committee are  always worried about that, obviously--or a dramatic turndown in the  economy. We won't be able to react to this.   So this amendment makes future increases in the debt limit nearly  impossible, threatening the full faith and credit of our country.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this measure and work  together to find responsible solutions to create jobs, reduce the  deficit, and take care of the American people.   