 Mr. President, I first thank Senator Merkley from Oregon  for organizing this very important session tonight.   Last month, Attorney General Jeff Sessions unveiled the Trump  administration's new zero tolerance immigration policy. Whether you  come to this land fleeing violence, poverty, or persecution, justice  isn't blind. It is now also brutal.   This inhumane policy sends a shudder down the spine of the Statue of  Liberty, but not that of our President. Zero tolerance really means  zero refuge. Zero tolerance really means zero discretion. Zero  tolerance really means zero humanity.   The Trump administration's mindless approach to our broken  immigration system takes away the ability of Federal law enforcement  officers to exercise any discretion that might be warranted based on  the facts and circumstances on the ground. In other words, zero  tolerance is an anti-immigrant dragnet, the shocking effects of which  we have been witnessing these past few days as children have literally  been ripped from their parents' arms and separated from them, as their  mothers and fathers are taken into custody.   These horrific images were finally enough, even for President Trump.  This afternoon, he signed an Executive order that he says addresses the  family separation crisis. It does no such thing. The Executive order  that the President signed doesn't end the zero tolerance policy of  prosecuting anyone and everyone who crosses the border. It reaffirms  it.   If all parents are still being prosecuted as criminals, which the  Executive order requires, what does this Executive order actually do?  We can only assume that this Executive order would imprison, remand,  and incarcerate children--some as newborns--into the same correctional  facilities as their parents. They would be sleeping in cages instead of  cribs.   In this country, our courts have decided that this treatment of  children and families is malicious. In the Flores agreement, more than  20 years ago, we stopped this practice. Now, the President wants to  bring it back with a vengeance.   The Executive order directs the Attorney General to try to modify the  Flores agreement, but any attempt to undermine the critical protections  for children that this landmark settlement has put in place should and  will face immediate court challenge. Families and children don't belong  in jail, period.   Our President's Executive order does not ask for trained child  welfare workers to carry out his wishes. He has called in the military.  He expects this cold-blooded tactic--a tactic he is using to negotiate  his wall--to be implemented by the Pentagon.   Now, what does that mean? Apparently, he envisions internment camps,  using existing military brigs or other facilities to lock up these  families. It sounds like a return to the shameful internment camps of  the 1940s, during World War II, one of the darkest chapters in our  Nation's history. We know how that ended--with the Federal Government  paying more than $1 billion to right a wrong that could never actually  be corrected. It was a mistake that we should not even contemplate  repeating.   So President Trump first manufactured this crisis at the border, and  his new Executive order makes it worse. The only thing President Trump  wants to solve is the public relations nightmare he has plunged his  administration into.   This is not a PR stunt. These are children's lives at stake. How we  respond to this crisis will define the character of each and every one  of us. It will define our character as a nation. At this critical moral  juncture, I ask each of my colleagues to choose humanity.   To my Republican friends, your voices carry weight in this  conversation, especially with this administration in power. Use your  voices. Make clear that this Executive order will not end the suffering  that this administration is inflicting on vulnerable immigrant  families, because in the United States we do not keep children in jails  or military prisons. We do not criminalize asylum seekers. We welcome  immigrants for their contributions. We seek immigrants for their  talents. We proudly remember our own families who came across a border,  whether land or water, knowing this country meant a new start.   We are better than this. We must be better than this. The President  wants to send a message that immigrants aren't welcome in America. His  leadership may be devoid of compassion, but the American people are  not. This policy must end.   