 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, today, I offer an amendment that is very  straightforward. It simply takes an already existing reporting  requirement within the section 702 program and adds an additional layer  of congressional oversight. This will ensure that the Judiciary  Committee and the Intelligence Committee have insight into how the  intelligence community enforces its own internal guidelines for  handling sensitive data.   Currently, the attorney general provides these committees with  semiannual reports about incidents of intelligence community  noncompliance with the targeting, minimization, and querying procedures  within the 702 program. These are important features that ensure the  collection and use of data is solely for targeting dangerous terrorists  and does not threaten the Fourth Amendment rights of Americans.   However, this report is lacking because it does not describe what, if  any, disciplinary actions are taken by agencies in response to  noncompliance. My amendment would simply require that this report  include information about disciplinary action.   For example, was a violation simply flagged for agency records? Or  was someone given additional training, disciplinary suspension,  termination, or, perhaps, even prosecution?   My amendment intends to provide Congress with a high-level look at  how agencies address the incidents they are already reporting on.   The privacy safeguards contained in the section 702 program are  critical for protecting the constitutional rights of everyday  Americans, and, indeed, the high functioning capability of this  important program for national security.   Congress has the responsibility to make sure agencies are taking  steps to mitigate abuse and enforce statutes, guidelines, and court  orders relevant to this powerful surveillance tool.   This is a commonsense amendment that I have drafted in coordination  with the House Intelligence Committee, and I urge my colleagues to  support its adoption.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I think the thing I would emphasize is  that it is important for us to understand: A) we should preserve the  702 program; and B) there are some incremental reforms that could make  the program high functioning, and also give the American people peace  of mind that their Fourth Amendment rights are protected.   It is also important for the intelligence community to know that the  programs they have are working, and it can send an important message  that there are disciplinary actions for those who don't follow the  guidelines.   This will give Congress insight into how well that system is  functioning and what disciplinary actions, if any, are taken.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   