 Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2083. This legislation  claims to  [[Page H5697]]  protect salmon in the Columbia River by authorizing an increase in the  annual permits to kill California sea lions, Steller sea lions, and  harbor seals.   It is true that many of our salmon and steelhead runs are not doing  well. In 2017, runs of wild salmon and steelhead were the fourth lowest  since 1979, and the most recent 3-year trend is steadily downward. It  is devastating, I agree, but we should be legislating to address the  real threats facing salmon recovery. Impacts to salmon caused by seals  and sea lions pale in comparison to the harm caused by so many other  threats.   Let's take a minute to go over some of the significant threats facing  salmon: habitat loss and degradation, pesticides and toxic contaminants  polluting tributary habitats, hydropower, invasive species, hatcheries,  overfishing, by-catch, human population growth, climate change, and the  bill the House Republicans pushed today to block court-mandated water  releases from Federal dams to aid in salmon recovery.   I cannot support this bill. It does not address the root causes of  salmon population decline and, instead, unfairly scapegoats sea lions.   Mr. Chairman, for these reasons, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no,''  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, I am disappointed to be standing here today to debate a  bill that has become quite familiar to the House Natural Resources  Committee over the past three Congresses.   I must point out the obvious fact, Mr. Chairman, that killing of sea  lions is not a silver bullet for a salmon recovery. This bill is a  five-cent solution to a $10 problem.   The fact is the sea lion predation pales in comparison to the harm  caused to endangered salmon runs by habitat loss, dam operation,  pesticides, invasive species, and several other human activities. The  bill does absolutely nothing to address any of these major causes of  salmon decline.   For example, NOAA Fisheries has found that the estimated salmon and  steelhead production in the Columbia River basin is over 10 million  fish below historic levels, with 8 million of that loss attributable to  hydropower development and operation.   I must also point out the hypocrisy here. The bill before us today is  described as a salmon protection act, but  [[Page H5698]]  it follows a series of House Republican priority bills that would push  the West Coast salmon population to the brink of extinction.   Just this April, my Republican colleagues pushed through the House  H.R. 3144, known in the fishing community as the ``Salmon Extinction  Act,'' intended to block protection measures that experts tell us are  necessary for salmon survival.   Last year, we saw similar attacks on salmon, Tribes, and the salmon  fishing industry when House leadership rushed H.R. 23, also known as  the GROW Act, through the House. This bill sought to eliminate  protections for wild California salmon and put California's native  fisheries and the thousands of jobs it supported on the path to  extinction, meaning thousands of job losses across California, Oregon,  and Washington State. House leadership pushed that bill even though  estimates showed that 78 percent of California's native salmon will be  extinct this century under current trends.    The congressional war on salmon has continued with riders in this  year's appropriations bills. For example, the House Energy and Water  Appropriations bill, approved by this Chamber earlier this month, will  block the restoration of salmon runs in the Columbia River and  California's San Joaquin River.   As if that were not enough, the Interior and CJS Appropriations bills  also include riders that are being supported by the Republican  majority. Yet here we are talking about killing hundreds of seals and  sea lions because my Republican colleagues claim they want to recover  salmon.   Let's be clear: The anti-salmon legislation and riders coming out of  Congress are far bigger threats to salmon recovery than the sea lions'  snacking habits. Restoring wild salmon that are under threat requires a  sophisticated response that tackles the most pressing issues impacting  salmon populations.   Instead, we are here today scapegoating marine mammals that are  themselves under threat from this House's effort to roll back the  Marine Mammal Protection Act in order to help oil and gas companies.   Marine mammals and salmon have coexisted together for millennia.  Unfortunately, neither one has enough defenses against the agenda of  the Republican Congress. We don't have to pick and choose which  creatures are worthy of survival. I would encourage my colleagues to  get serious about addressing the whole range of stressors that are  driving salmon to extinction: dam operations, pesticides, invasive  species, and human activities that are preventing full salmon recovery.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to reject today's effort to force  Congress to pick and choose between wildlife, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Oregon (Mr. DeFazio).    Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Washington (Mr. Kilmer).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Washington (Mr. Heck).    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   H.R. 2083 authorizes the lethal taking of over 1,000 sea lions and an  unknown amount of seals annually. Counter to what we have heard, the  bill will not significantly aid in the recovery of salmon populations  but needlessly targets seals and sea lions.   I think we have to put this piece of legislation in context to what  this House has done and what the Natural Resources Committee has done:  a pattern. It is another example of how my Republican colleagues view  wildlife management policy in the 21st century. We have too many  attacks on wildlife in this Congress.   Last year, Republicans released a bill to overturn a 2016 judicial  decision to allow the shooting of cormorants without ever considering  nonlethal management. The claimed rationale is to protect sports  fishing and aquaculture, although scant science, evidence, or fact  exists to prove that the birds significantly impact fish populations.   In February of last year, this Chamber voted to allow the Fish and  Wildlife Service to shoot bear cubs from a helicopter and gas wolf pups  in their dens on Alaska National Wildlife Refuges to artificially  inflate populations of moose and caribou prized by trophy hunters.   In the 115th Congress, Republicans have introduced dozens of bills  and policy riders targeting the Endangered Species Act and species like  the gray wolf, grizzly bears, greater sage-grouse, delta smelt, and  Chinook salmon.   The Trump administration's announcement that the Department of the  Interior will now consider trophy imports on a case-by-case basis gave  life to harmful bills in Congress that support trophy killing of  elephants and lions in African countries for purported conservation  purposes.   In the midst of all of the mass shootings in the country, committee  Republicans tried to disguise an NRA-backed bill as a sportsmen's bill,  the SHARE Act, which would deregulate silencers and armor-piercing  bullets. All these attacks on wildlife have been constant, they have  not been backed in science, and they have not been supported by science  or fact.   We all would like to see legislation that would tackle the real  threats facing imperiled wildlife and, in this particular legislation,  to do a study to assess that and then to talk about the kinds of  efforts that could be undertaken to protect the salmon. But to merely  do that without the science and the study I think is a mistake, and it  fits into a pattern that is all too common and puts this legislation  within the same context and the same pattern as the other pieces of  legislation.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Chairman, I want to indicate that the proponents of the  legislation on both sides of the aisle, I understand, are representing  not only constituent interests, but what they see is a good piece of  legislation.   Let me just end by saying that similar legislation has been proposed  in previous Congresses, but this bill would allow more killing of seals  and sea lions than all of those before it. When this version of the  bill was introduced in 2015, it proposed an annual taking of 92  California sea lions. Under this legislation, H.R. 2083, this would  increase by tenfold and would include the killing of Stellar sea lions  and harbor seals. I am disappointed that the legislation before us  today has gone in that direction.   Mr. Chairman, I urge a ``no'' vote, and I yield back the balance of  my time.   