 Madam President, I am looking forward to this debate. As  Senator Hatch has indicated, it is going to be a robust debate, and it  could produce the best of what the Senate can produce: a bipartisan  agreement, which it will have to be in order to get to 60 votes.   I am glad to come here to the floor to support the Dreamers. Six  months ago, the President said he was eliminating protections for  Dreamers, and some of them have already lost that status. These young  people, of course, were brought here sometimes as infants, they grew up  here, and they only know America as their country. We owe it to them to  enact permanent protection and a path to citizenship. It is long past  time for Congress to act and to make sure this becomes law. This week  presents a very good opportunity to do that after we have been waiting  for almost two decades. This Senator is a sponsor of the Dream Act, and  I have supported Senator Durbin in his efforts ever since I came to the  Senate. Now, this is the third term.   I have always been inspired by the story of Elisha Dawkins. I found  out about him because I read a news clip that he was in jail. Here was  a fellow who grew up in America, only knowing that he was American  because he was brought to America from the Bahamas at age 6 months. He  served two tours in Iraq. He came back and joined the Navy Reserves. He  had a top secret clearance. His Reserve duty was in Guantanamo, with  that top secret clearance. Then, because of an application for a  passport, he was suddenly swept up and put in jail.   Fortunately, we found out about it and started raising a stink about  it. It was brought to the attention, in one of the court hearings, of a  Federal judge, and the Federal judge said to the assistant U.S.  attorney: What in the world are you doing putting a fellow like this in  jail?   Of course, after that tongue-lashing from a Federal judge, we got  involved with Elisha. I am happy to report that today Elisha is a U.S.  citizen. Elisha is a productive member of the Jacksonville community,  he is educated, and he is contributing to his community.   Our country is so much better off having the Dreamers. They are our  people. They are among the best and the brightest.   The Senate has voted overwhelmingly to pass a bipartisan bill that  includes victories and concessions from both sides. That was the  comprehensive immigration reform in the past, about 5 or 6 years ago,  but of course the House wouldn't take that up. So the only way to  achieve a solution to the DACA crisis is to keep it simple: on one  side, a path to citizenship for Dreamers, and on the other side, what  is required by the White House--a path for funding for border security.   I have been working with the next Senator who is going to speak in  what we call a bipartisan group that has been carefully trying to put  together a balanced approach to find a solution. Neither side is going  to get everything they want, but that is why it is called a  negotiation.   I urge my colleagues in the Senate to come together to achieve a  reasonable and bipartisan agreement as soon as possible--I hope by the  end of this week. The Dreamers need to know we  [[Page S865]]  appreciate them, and now we are going to turn that appreciation into  law.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   