 Madam President, this body is about to vote on my  resolution to protect nearly 800,000 West Virginians and millions of  Americans from the dangerous lawsuit that 20 U.S. attorneys general,  including my own attorney general from West Virginia, are leading to  once again allow insurance companies to deny coverage to those with  preexisting conditions.   This resolution will authorize the Senate legal counsel to intervene  in this cruel lawsuit on behalf of the U.S. Senate to defend these men  and women and children and fight for the right to affordable healthcare  insurance.   The Department of Justice has recklessly refused to defend the law,  and as a result, the nearly 800,000 West Virginians--91,000 of those  being children--with cancer, heart disease, asthma, diabetes, or women  who dare to have a baby are at risk of financial jeopardy if they get  sick.   We have an opportunity today to stand up for the millions of  Americans with preexisting conditions who are trusting us to protect  their healthcare access. It is just common sense, and I encourage all  of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle--because every one of us  has someone in our family with a preexisting condition.   I will continue to look for ways to work across the aisle to ensure  that every West Virginian and every American has access to affordable  healthcare, no matter what their health condition may be. This is the  right thing, this is the moral thing, for all of us to do.   I encourage each and every one of my colleagues to please vote for  this amendment coming up.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I can't believe that we are getting into  this tit-for-tat in politics and that politics always rules the day  here. Do you know what? Whether or not you agree on the amendment that  is up, we thought we had an agreement that both amendments would be  voted on.   My amendment is simply using the Senate's legal staff to intervene on  preexisting conditions. This affects every one of us. This affects 1.8  million Kentuckians. This affects 800,000 West Virginians. Every State  has people who have some form of preexisting condition, and every  family has someone with one.   What we are asking for is to be able to fight the good fight. The  suit that we are dealing with right now is that of Texas v. United  States, wherein 20 attorneys general are bringing suit to basically  take preexisting conditions away and allow insurance companies to  decide as to whether they are going to sell you insurance or not or how  much they are going to charge you for the insurance or whether they are  going to put caps back on and say you are just too sick for them to  spend more money on or for them to invest any more money in you.   All we are asking for is to give us a vote on it. Let's see if the  Senate wants to intervene, and let's see if we can fight to save some  of the people's healthcare around the country. There are 800,000 West  Virginians who are depending on this. That is all we ask for.   Senator Paul has asked for a vote on his amendment, and I think that  should be granted. I think it is equally right that ours should be  granted. We thought there was an agreement earlier. I don't know why I  would believe that politics would not be involved, but I don't know why  it got involved at this level of giving us a vote.   Again, all I am asking for is for common sense and cooler heads to  prevail here and to move on. We can get this accomplished. We thought  we had it worked out. We were talking about cancer, heart disease,  diabetes, arthritis, asthma, and other types of illnesses that can be  determined to be preexisting conditions.   We have 400,000 West Virginians who have severe preexisting  conditions who will not even be able to buy insurance because the  insurance companies will not sell it to them as it will just be too  costly and there will not be enough profit in it. They will be too  sick, so they will be out. Another 400,000 will have the rates raised  to the point at which they probably won't be able to afford it.   I just don't know why we are going down this path again. I don't  think there is a Democrat or Republican--this is not a political issue.  This is not a life-or-death issue. All I am asking my colleagues on the  Republican side to do is to please consider this. Let us vote on it.  You can vote the way you want to and go home and explain your vote. I  am OK with that. If you want us to vote on Planned Parenthood, whether  people think that they should or should not, that is OK. You can go  home and explain it. But to not let us vote and to not even talk about  it because--I look here at Kentucky. There are 1.8 million people in  Kentucky who have been diagnosed with preexisting conditions. I am sure  they would like to be able to buy insurance. I am sure they would like  to have protection and not have the insurance companies say: I am  sorry, not for you today.   I hope you all consider this. Let's put it up for a vote and see  where it goes, and let's go after them in court. This happens September  5th. I think Senator Cornyn said it is not germane, and he is using  different terminology or different reasoning for that. But since they  moved this court date from the 14th to the 5th, it is of urgent  necessity for us to get in and intervene to see whether we can protect  the people of America. I need to fight to protect the people of West  Virginia, and I will continue to do that.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   