 Mr. President, I have been listening to the debate, and I  wish this debate would go on, on a regular basis, in the U.S. Senate. I  think it is healthy. I wish there were a process in place today so that  every single amendment brought up could have this type of discussion  and debate and those proposals could actually be amended on the floor  of the Senate to improve them.   I will share with you that I thought what our friend from Tennessee  was trying to do was an honest attempt to bring back to Congress  section 1 or article I responsibilities that we have, over a period of  years, allowed to be delegated to the executive branch.   I also shared with the Senator that while the debate was a very  healthy one, I felt at this stage of the game that it probably would  not, in its current form, be appropriate and that the President was  already acting on these tariffs. I thought that I probably could not  support his bill, but I thought he should have an opportunity in this  process to have the debate.   Let me now share that what the chairman--or the ranking member, who  is acting as the chairman in this particular case--is doing is  protecting the National Defense Authorization Act and making it as  viable as possible in the long term to survive in both the House and  the Senate.   For those who are wondering what we are talking about in a nebulous  sort of way, what Senator Corker had tried to do was to have a debate  about whether the tariffs that the President had proposed for national  defense purposes under a 1962 law were appropriately determined to be a  national security  [[Page S3743]]  threat. That was the language Congress had delivered to the President.   The President has made his choice, and there are a number of Members  who feel that while they support the President, they think he has  overstepped with regard to whether they were actually of national  security importance. Senator Corker wanted to have that discussion, and  I agreed he should be able to have that discussion. However, I had  shared with him that I thought it needed to be in different order and  that he was making it too tough for the executive branch to succeed  with the numbers he had proposed. He wanted a 60-vote margin for the  Senate to proceed. That is the way, though, he was going to introduce  it.   I was prepared to vote on it and, hopefully, win in an honest debate  on the floor of the U.S. Senate with those arguments, but in doing so,  I also learned, as the chairman has shared, that the House had sent  over a bill to us. We were on the House bill. In order to get, in this  particular case, a vote on this particular topic, the Senator from  Tennessee, in a very innovative way and one that normally would be used  earlier in the process where everyone had the opportunity to recognize  it, would have to change the underlying bill. In changing the  underlying bill, it would have to go back to the House, and they would  have to revote on the bill once again. Doing so puts this very  important bill in jeopardy. As a Member who has been here only for 3  years, I understand that is not always the easiest thing do.   I wish to thank our Chairman for making what is a very hard decision  and stepping up to protect the National Defense Authorization Act  because of everything else that is in it, while at the same time I will  commit the same as the chairman has committed, in this particular case,  to Senator Corker that his item of discussion, which is the appropriate  use of tariffs for national defense purposes, is a healthy debate to  have, and it should be had in such a fashion that amendments could be  offered on the floor of the Senate, and a very straightforward debate  could then determine the fate of that legislation on its own and not in  connection with the NDAA.   For that purpose, I simply wish to say that what I think the American  people have seen here today is, No. 1, our commitment to making certain  that the National Defense Authorization Act moves forward because it is  critical every single year that we improve our ability to defend our  country, while at the same time making a very hard decision, which the  chairman did today, to suggest that even though we all want to have a  debate on this particular issue, unfortunately, this bill is not the  place to do it.   I yield the floor.   