 Mr. President, I rise today to oppose Brett Kavanaugh's  nomination to the Supreme Court and to ask my colleagues--Republicans  and Democrats alike--to recognize exactly what is at stake here. The  philosopher Nietzsche once said that if you stare long enough into the  abyss, the abyss will stare back into you.   My friends, we here in the U.S. Senate are staring into the abyss.  What is staring back at us is a future in which the American people's  trust in the Supreme Court is being irreparably damaged.   To vote yes on Brett Kavanaugh is to send a message to every woman in  America that your voice doesn't matter. If you risk everything--your  security, your stability, your reputation--to come forward and speak  truth to power about a sexual assault, they will call you credible.  They will call you courageous. Yet they will not believe you.   It is a message that says, if you have survived a sexual assault,  don't bother telling anyone because you must be mistaken. This  traumatic and unforgettable moment in your life never happened. It must  have been someone else.   My friends, to confirm Judge Brett Kavanaugh with what we now know  would be to forever tarnish the credibility and reputation of the  highest Court in our land. Here is what we know. We know Judge  Kavanaugh faces multiple credible allegations of sexual assault. Yet  the investigation that was conducted looks nothing like the FBI  investigation that was promised--not by President Trump, not by the  Senators who called for it, or by anyone else.   We know neither Dr. Ford nor Judge Kavanaugh was interviewed by law  enforcement--the very essence of what the subject of the investigation  is. Neither of them was interviewed. We know dozens of people with  corroborating evidence were flatout ignored by investigators.   I have heard some of my colleagues call this investigation thorough.  How do you call an investigation thorough when neither the accused nor  the accuser was interviewed by the FBI?   How do you call an investigation thorough when 40 corroborating  witnesses who volunteered information to the FBI in recent days were  reportedly ignored? You can't get corroboration if you don't talk to  corroborating witnesses. The answer is simple: It is not thorough, and  it is not trustworthy.   This entire process, including the use of Executive privilege to deny  the Senate access to hundreds of thousands of documents of Judge  Kavanaugh's, has been shrouded in secrecy. And why the secrecy? Because  President Trump and his team are desperate to get Judge Kavanaugh  confirmed by any means necessary.   Let's remember what is going on. The President of the United States  is the subject of a Federal investigation into whether his campaign  accepted assistance from a hostile foreign power during the 2016  election. Already, the President's campaign chairman, Foreign Policy  Advisor, and former National Security Advisor have pled guilty to  Federal crimes.   He could have chosen any of the judges included on the rightwing list  assembled by the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society.  Instead, he picked the one judge with unprecedented views of  Presidential power. There is no other explanation for President Trump  choosing Brett Kavanaugh that I can think of other than he hopes this  will be his get-out-of-jail card.   The last few weeks have been a flurry of breaking news alerts and  breathless gossiping in the halls. I am thankful for Dr. Ford's courage  and candor. She spoke her truth and has inspired countless others to  break their silence. I believe her. I believe survivors. New Jersey is  home to 1.8 million survivors. That is 1.8 million reasons to oppose  Brett Kavanaugh.   According to the Bureau of Justice Statistics, less than a quarter of  sexual assault victims reported those incidents to police in 2016.  After this past week, it is all too easy to see why.   Leader McConnell has called the allegations of Dr. Ford  ``unsubstantiated smears.'' What an insulting statement. When will we  as a society begin to believe women, to trust women? It can't come soon  enough.   I was in the midst of my first campaign for Congress when Anita  Hill's allegations of sexual assault against Justice Clarence Thomas  were investigated but ultimately disregarded by the Senate. I am proud  to have been elected to the House in 1992, the so-called Year of the  Woman.   Across the Capitol, a record four women were elected to the Senate.  My colleague Patty Murray decided to run after watching what happened  to Anita Hill. She is still here fighting for survivors, and I am proud  to have her as my colleague.   We look back at the Clarence Thomas hearings as a moment that failed  America and failed all survivors of sexual assault. Yet here we are in  2018, and it appears as though we have made little progress.   After Dr. Ford's testimony, my Republican colleagues and even  conservative pundits praised her credibility. It only took Judge  Kavanaugh's outrageous performance--a performance we now know was  misleading at best and untruthful at worst--for these same Republicans  to cast her aside. The message they have sent to survivors who are  brave enough to come forward is clear: We will listen to you, but we  will not believe you, and we will not trust you.   Despite having the cards stacked against her, I was shaken to the  core  [[Page S6592]]  by Dr. Christine Blasey Ford's words last week. She answered every  question with bravery, with candor, and with humility. Meanwhile, Judge  Kavanaugh was evasive, belligerent, and, according to many of his  acquaintances, repeatedly untruthful.   What my Republican colleagues can't seem to grasp is that you can be  at the top of your wealthy prep school class and still abuse women. You  can be a Yale Law School graduate and still abuse women. Unfortunately,  you can even be the President of the United States and still abuse  women.   Furthermore, Judge Kavanaugh's partisan outburst was downright  disturbing for a potential Supreme Court Justice. How many norms did  Judge Kavanaugh shatter in that hearing room? It is one thing to be  emotional; it is another to call the allegations of Dr. Ford or Deborah  Ramirez and others a coordinated leftwing conspiracy and an act of  political retribution for the Clintons. He said the questions posed by  Democratic Senators during his confirmation hearing were ``an  embarrassment'' and called the process a circus--this coming from a man  who pressed Ken Starr to ask President Clinton sexually explicit  questions. And we all know the circus the Starr investigation turned  out to be. But I guess the same standards don't apply to Brett  Kavanaugh. If you are Brett Kavanaugh, you can lie under oath about  things big and small and never face the consequences.   At the end of the day, Judge Kavanaugh's hysterical political rant  confirmed what many of us already knew about this man: He is a  political operative cloaked in judicial robes. As Kavanaugh himself  said, ``What goes around, comes around.'' Do those sound like the words  of an impartial, independent judge?   Never before in my life have I seen a nominee, let alone a Supreme  Court nominee, behave as though he were entitled to this lifetime  appointment. He is not. It is the American people who are entitled to a  Justice who tells the truth, who conducts himself in a dignified  manner, a Justice who doesn't face credible accusations of sexual  assault.   The Supreme Court deserves better than Brett Kavanaugh, and so do the  American people. More than 1,000 legal scholars--and counting--agree,  coming out against Kavanaugh's nomination because his partisan and  venomous rhetoric has no place on the Supreme Court.   This process has further poisoned the confirmation process. It was  Senate Republicans who orchestrated the theft of a Supreme Court seat  with more than 9 months left in President Obama's term. Apparently,  being nominated by President Obama is more disqualifying than being  accused by multiple women of sexual assault. It is clear my colleagues  will stop at nothing to tip the scales of justice against women,  consumers, and patients for generations to come.    For women, the stakes couldn't be higher. President Trump promised to  only nominate judges who would overturn Roe v. Wade. And, yes, earlier  today, a colleague of mine pointed out that the Republican National  Committee platform has long included overturning Roe v. Wade. In my  view, that is precisely why we cannot trust a longtime GOP political  operative like Brett Kavanaugh to uphold a woman's right to choose.  There is a difference between saying that precedent deserves respect  and saying that it cannot be overturned. They are not the same. I think  some of the things I have heard about the aspirations of some of my  colleagues about Judge Kavanaugh are unlikely to be realized.   This is what is at stake here: the basic principle that women have a  right to make their own private medical decisions. My daughter has  grown up never knowing what it was to live in a country where women  were denied reproductive rights. Now I fear my granddaughter may grow  up never knowing what it was like to live in a country where women had  reproductive rights.   It isn't just women's health that is at stake. The Trump  administration is arguing in Federal court as we speak that the ACA's  protections for preexisting conditions are unconstitutional, which  makes Judge Kavanaugh's record of ruling against consumers and siding  with corporate interests all the more troubling.   There are 3.8 million New Jerseyans who have preexisting conditions-- some illness during the course of their lives, heart attack, diabetes,  Parkinson's, maybe some birth defect that in the past had denied them  insurance coverage. We eliminated that under the Affordable Care Act.  No more discrimination. There are 3.8 million New Jerseyans who have  preexisting conditions. For me, those are another 3.8 million reasons  to oppose Kavanaugh's confirmation.   So, yes, the stakes have never been higher. The threat to our  democracy is real. The decisions coming down from a Supreme Court with  Kavanaugh will change the course of America for decades to come.   The Republican majority views the Supreme Court as an instrument to  force an unpopular, anti-woman, anti-worker, anti-civil rights agenda  on the American people. Meanwhile, President Trump views the Court as  yet another weapon to flout the rule of law.   Well, it is time we take a stand for the integrity of our democratic  institutions. It is time we live up to our duty set forth by article II  of the Constitution to provide advice and consent on Supreme Court  nominations. In bestowing on us this responsibility, the Framers  entrusted us with protecting the reputation and credibility of the  highest Court in our land.   To confirm Judge Kavanaugh in the face of these allegations; in the  face of the secrecy of the documents we could not obtain; in the face  of the positions he took that are clearly, in the minds of many of us,  untruthful before the committee, risks forever tarnishing one of the  crown jewels of our democracy.   My friends, we are standing on the edge of a cliff. Should we blindly  go over that edge, we risk doing irreparable damage to the reputation  and credibility of the Supreme Court. I implore my colleagues in the  majority to pull us back in the direction of truth and decency. This  isn't about right or left; this is about right and wrong.   A vote to confirm Brett Kavanaugh is a vote against survivors of  sexual violence. A vote to confirm Brett Kavanaugh is a vote to  overturn Roe v. Wade and end safe and legal abortion in this country. A  vote to confirm Brett Kavanaugh is a vote to overturn protections for  preexisting conditions. A vote to confirm Brett Kavanaugh is a vote to  roll back civil rights and voting rights. It is a vote that will take  us back to a time and place none of us, I believe, wants to go to. And  it is a vote the American people will not forget--not today, not  tomorrow, not this November, not ever.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   