 Mr. President, I have read the FBI report. I listened to  the Judiciary Committee hearings, including the second hearing with Dr.  Ford and Judge Kavanaugh. I reviewed Judge Kavanaugh's opinions as a  judge and his public record during his tenure in the White House.   Based on his record, I cannot support his nomination for a lifetime  appointment to the Supreme Court of the United States. I reached this  conclusion before Dr. Ford's allegations were made based on his court  opinions and White House record. That conclusion was reenforced by  Judge Kavanaugh's testimony in response to Dr. Ford's powerful and  compelling testimony, raising very serious issues concerning Judge  Kavanaugh's conduct.   Judge Kavanaugh's response demonstrated his lack of impartiality and  temperament, which is a critical qualification to serve as a judge.  That view was reenforced by a letter written by over 1,000 law  professors and legal scholars reaching the same conclusion I had drawn.   I was very disappointed by the process on Judge Kavanaugh's  nomination that was dictated by the Republican leadership. For Senator  McConnell, 10 months was inadequate time for the Senate to consider  President Obama's choice of Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court  of the United States. Yet Senator McConnell had no difficulty in  rushing the consideration of Judge Kavanaugh through the Senate in a  fraction of that time.   The Republican leadership refused to demand a complete discovery of  relevant documents concerning Judge Kavanaugh. I served on the  Judiciary Committee during the consideration of  [[Page S6515]]  Justices Sotomayor and Kagan when the Republicans' request for complete  discovery was honored and welcomed by the Democrats. Such was not the  case in regard to the Republicans honoring reasonable requests for  information concerning Judge Kavanaugh.   To make matters worse, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee  inappropriately and unilaterally classified certain documents as  confidential, preventing their public use during the confirmation  process.   After Dr. Ford's allegations became public, the Republican leadership  refused to allow the FBI to conduct a proper investigation before  scheduling a rushed, inadequate, and incomplete hearing without any  additional witnesses beyond Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh. The  Republican leadership refused to call before the committee eye  witnesses to the allegation.   Prior to the first hearing and before I reached a conclusion on the  nomination, I had requested an opportunity to meet one-on-one with  Judge Kavanaugh, which is the Senate tradition on Supreme Court  nominees. That request was denied by the White House.   I cannot support Judge Kavanaugh because of his judicial record, his  partisan leanings, and lack of impartiality and judicial temperament.   I am concerned Judge Kavanaugh is inclined to turn back the clock on  civil rights and civil liberties, voting rights, reproductive choice,  equality, the Affordable Care Act, workers' rights, clean air and clean  water, and protection of abuses from corporate and political power,  including the President of the United States.   Our Constitution created the Supreme Court as an independent check  and balance against both the executive and legislative branches of  government. It should not be a rubberstamp for Presidential efforts to  undermine the rule of law or independence of the Judiciary, self- pardon, or derail Special Counsel Mueller's investigation into Russia's  interference in our 2016 elections.   The next Justice of the Supreme Court should not be predisposed to  rich corporations at the expense of consumers or hollow out protections  for Americans against abuse of power as Judge Kavanaugh's record as  appellate judge reveals.   Judge Kavanaugh has advanced legal theories as part of an activist  agenda to overturn longstanding precedent to diminish the power of  Federal agencies to help people, and he has demonstrated an expansive  view of Presidential power that includes his belief that Presidents  should not be subject to civil suits or criminal actions.   Let me turn to some specific policies in Judge Kavanaugh's record  that concerns me should he become Justice Kavanaugh. To point out what  I just said, I look at the opinions and writings he has done.   There are concerns Judge Kavanaugh's nomination could present a  conflict of interest on the ongoing investigations of the Russian  interference in the 2016 Presidential elections as the Supreme Court  could be asked to rule on whether Special Counsel Robert Mueller has  the right to subpoena the President to testify. In his confirmation  hearing, Judge Kavanaugh refused to say whether he would recuse himself  from this case should it reach the Court.   I hope the Supreme Court would indeed compel President Trump to  comply with any reasonable subpoena from the special counsel, citing  the precedent of requiring President Richard Nixon to surrender tapes  and other evidence during the Watergate investigations. The Supreme  Court ultimately held that the President was not above the law. Some  comments of Judge Kavanaugh suggest he believes the Nixon case was  wrongly decided.   There are also concerns that a Justice Kavanaugh would defer criminal  investigations and prosecutions of a President's misconduct until after  President Trump leaves office. Ironically, his views on Presidential  power have changed since he worked for Independent Counsel Kenneth  Starr on the Whitewater investigation of President Bill Clinton.  Indeed, Judge Kavanaugh wrote that a sitting President should have  ``absolute discretion'' to determine whether and when to appoint or  remove a special counsel.   It is clear Judge Kavanaugh holds a troubling record when it comes to  Presidential power. In the case of Seven-Sky v. Holder, pertaining to  our country's healthcare system, Judge Kavanaugh's opinion implied that  he believes the President does not have to enforce laws if the  President deems a statute to be unconstitutional, regardless of whether  a court has already held it constitutional.   Judge Kavanaugh was asked in 2016 if he could overturn precedent in  any one case, and he said he would ``put the final nail'' in Morrison  v. Olson, which upheld the constitutionality of the independent counsel  statute. It appears Judge Kavanaugh believes the President is above the  law and the only remedy for Presidential misconduct in office is  impeachment by Congress, as suggested in some of his writings in 2009.  He wrote we ``should not burden a sitting President with civil suits,  criminal investigations, or criminal prosecutions'' and that the  ``country loses when the President's focus is distracted by burdens of  civil litigation or criminal investigation and possible prosecution.''   No one is above the law, including the President of the United  States. We know President Trump has deep disregard for the rule of law.  He constantly criticizes his own Justice Department, including urging  the Justice Department to prosecute or not prosecute certain  individuals. He has criticized the special counsel investigation into  Russia interference in our election as a ``witch hunt,''  notwithstanding the growing number of convictions and guilty pleas  obtained by Mr. Mueller. He has explored whether he has the power to  pardon himself, family members, and associates. The future status of  Rod Rosenstein, the Deputy Attorney General who supervises the special  counsel investigation, is in jeopardy as President Trump has made it  known he would like Mr. Rosenstein to go.   We need a Supreme Court Justice who can stand up to the President,  stand up for the rule of law, and stand up for the independence of the  Judiciary. Based on his track record, I am not convinced a Justice  Kavanaugh would do that.   While serving on the Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit, Judge  Kavanaugh considered the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act  of 2011. The Court upheld the constitutionality of the Affordable Care  Act by a 3-to-0 vote, and Judge Kavanaugh wrote a concurring opinion.  His concurring opinion has been described as the roadmap challenging  the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act.   In his opinion, Judge Kavanaugh argued it was premature to hear the  case before the individual mandate had taken effect. Judge Kavanaugh  laid out the legal justifications for President Trump not enforcing the  individual mandate and for a judicial challenge to the  constitutionality for the Affordable Care Act.   A Justice Kavanaugh would raise significant concerns as to how he  would rule on the protections of the Affordable Care Act against  insurance companies discriminating on preexisting conditions, which  could affect millions of Americans.   In June of this year, President Trump's Department of Justice broke  with longstanding Department precedent and cited it would no longer  defend the Affordable Care Act. In a brief filed by the Trump  administration in Texas v. United States, the administration joined  with 20 Republican-led States to argue that the Affordable Care Act  protections for people with preexisting conditions should be  invalidated. In their court filing, the administration argued that when  the Republican tax bill eliminated the individual mandate, the taxless  individual mandate became unconstitutional and therefore the law's  protections for those with preexisting conditions, including guaranteed  issue and community rating, should be unenforceable.   In 2017, Health and Human Services released a report stating that as  many as 133 million nonelderly Americans have a preexisting condition.  Every one of them would be at risk if this protection is held to be  invalid by the Supreme Court. The Maryland Health Benefit Exchange  estimates that in Maryland, there are approximately 2.5 million  nonelderly Marylanders with preexisting conditions, including 320,000  children all at risk.   In addition to Texas v. United States, there are dozens of healthcare  cases  [[Page S6516]]  pending in the lower courts which are likely to be appealed to the  Supreme Court in the upcoming terms. The outcomes of these cases of the  Supreme Court will directly impact access to healthcare for millions of  American families, including the most vulnerable in our society.   In each of these cases, there is a question about whether the  Affordable Care Act creates rights that individuals can enforce in  courts. These cases deal with critical issues, such as the scope of  healthcare coverage for nursing mothers, false advertising by health  insurance companies, and whether employers are required to provide  healthcare coverage to their employees.   Given Judge Kavanaugh's stated hostility to the Affordable Care Act,  I fear that a Justice Kavanaugh would further restrict access to  healthcare for many Americans, particularly in regard to women's  healthcare, including birth control.   In Planned Parenthood v. Casey, the Supreme Court firmly established  that the constitutional right to privacy protects women ``from unduly  burdensome interference with her freedom to decide whether to terminate  her pregnancy.'' This standard, known as the ``undue burden'' standard,  prohibits government action that ``has the purpose or effect of placing  a substantial obstacle in the path of a woman seeking an abortion on a  nonviable fetus.''   Judge Kavanaugh wrote in the dissent in Garza v. Hargan in 2017,  supporting the Trump administration's ongoing efforts to prohibit a  pregnant immigrant teenager in government custody from exercising her  constitutional right to make her own healthcare decisions. Judge  Kavanaugh pays lip service to the undue burden standard articulated in  Casey. He shuns longstanding precedent and chooses instead to impose  his own moral standards on Jane Doe.   In a heated dissent in Priests for Life v. HHS, Judge Kavanaugh  argued that the Affordable Care Act's existing accommodations for  religious employers that wanted an exception from the contraception  coverage policy still placed a substantial burden on the employers'  beliefs. Multiple cases referring women's access to birth control are  working their way through the courts. A Justice Kavanaugh could become  a decisive vote on the Supreme Court limiting access to reproductive  care.   Maryland is home to many rivers which are part of the vast Chesapeake  Bay watershed. The land and waterways that supply our drinking water,  support our native ecosystems, and contribute to our tourism and local  economies are all at stake.   Whether allowing more toxins in our air or more nuclear waste in our  backyards, Judge Kavanaugh has prioritized corporate America over the  health of American citizens and our environment.   Justice Kennedy understood the values of Americans when weighing the  costs and benefits of environmental protection. Judge Kavanaugh has not  shown such concern for balancing values and interests.   The Clean Air Act, which dramatically reduced these toxins after its  passage in 1970, has prevented over 400,000 premature deaths, 1 million  bronchitis cases, 2 million asthma attacks, and over 40 million  children's respiratory illnesses. Judge Kavanaugh heard several major  cases about the EPA's authority under the Clean Air Act. In each of  these cases, he opposed the Agency's position. These protections should  be strengthened, not eroded.   As a lifelong Marylander and as a senior member of the Environment  and Public Works Committee, I have prioritized the protection of the  Chesapeake Bay; thus, I have worked to defend the EPA's clean water  rule, which has come under attack by Republican legislators and  opponents in this administration. There are 67 percent of Marylanders  who get their drinking water from sources that rely on small streams  that are protected under the Clean Water Act.   Partisan and shortsighted threats put our environment, economy, and  public health in danger. If these attacks prove successful, protecting  our citizens from the danger of water pollution will become far more  difficult.   So we are left with even more uncertainty with Judge Kavanaugh's  nomination. Would he support the clean water rule, which would protect  the drinking water sources of 100 million Americans by making sure they  are regulated under the Clean Water Act? We can all agree that few  responsibilities of our government are more fundamental than clean,  safe water, but I am not certain that Judge Kavanaugh would defend this  duty on the Supreme Court.   As a member of the DC Circuit Court, Judge Kavanaugh has ruled in a  number of high-profile cases to limit the EPA's protection on issues  like climate change and air pollution and against Maryland's interests  as a coastal, downwind State. He has consistently voted against  environmental regulations and often in favor of corporate interests.  Judge Kavanaugh's environmental jurisprudence is rife with double  standards, as he has frequently attempted to insert cost considerations  into environmental regulations where none exist in statute.   Furthermore, he places a very low burden of proof on businesses  claiming injury from regulation, while at the same time asserting a  much higher standard of proof for citizens arguing that pollution is  sufficiently harmful to warrant regulation. The following cases  involving Judge Kavanaugh document his support of powerful interests  over public interests in the areas of public health and the  environment.   In EME Homer City Generation, LP v. EPA, Judge Kavanaugh wrote an  opinion overturning an EPA rule designed to lower smog-forming sulfur  dioxide emissions by 73 percent and nitrogen oxide emissions by 54  percent. The Supreme Court later ruled in favor of the EPA and  overruled Judge Kavanaugh's opinion. Nitrogen oxides account for two- thirds of the airborne nitrogen that ends up in the Chesapeake Bay.   In the case of the Coalition for Responsible Regulation v. EPA, Judge  Kavanaugh dissented from a decision not to rehear a case which had  found that the EPA had the ability to regulate emissions in order to  slow climate change.   In the case of White Stallion Energy Center v. EPA, in a dissent,  Judge Kavanaugh insisted that the EPA must take costs to business into  account when judging regulation, attempting to argue that instead of  determining what is best for public health, the EPA should determine  what is the least costly to business.   In Clean Air Council v. Pruitt, Judge Kavanaugh dissented to a DC  Circuit determination that the EPA was unreasonably delaying the  implementation of a 2016 rule that curbed fossil fuel emissions of  methane, smog-forming volatile organic compounds, and toxic air  pollutants.   In Mexichem Fluor, Inc. v. EPA, Judge Kavanaugh sided with producers  of hydrofluorocarbons, saying the EPA had no authority to regulate  them.   In Mingo Logan Coal Co. v. EPA, Judge Kavanaugh dissented again and  argued that the EPA must weigh the cost to business of revoking Clean  Water Act permits.   In each of these cases, Judge Kavanaugh sided with corporate  interests over public health. There is a clear record here.   My concerns about Judge Kavanaugh also include his lack of  sensitivity to the protections of civil rights.   In the case of South Carolina v. Holder, Judge Kavanaugh ruled that  South Carolina's voter ID law was not discriminatory and did not  violate the Voting Rights Act. South Carolina residents are required to  use driver's licenses, passports, military IDs, or voter registration  cards to vote. Judge Kavanaugh disregards section 5 of the Voting  Rights Act and impedes on the voting rights of minorities who are  impacted by South Carolina's voting laws. We all know how difficult it  is in minority communities when you have these ID laws. We know how  difficult it is for older people to get to places to get their  identification. This sends a dangerous signal about Judge Kavanaugh's  views on voting rights and racial justice in America.   Judge Kavanaugh's ideological bias can also be seen in his rulings in  employment discrimination cases, in which he has dissented and voted to  dismiss claims that a majority of his DC Circuit colleagues have found  to be meritorious.   In Howard v. Office of the Chief Administrative Officer of the U.S.  House of Representatives, Judge Kavanaugh  [[Page S6517]]  dissented from a majority decision which held that under the  Congressional Accountability Act, an African-American woman fired from  her position as House of Representatives deputy budget director could  pursue her claim of racial discrimination and retaliation in Federal  court, giving her a right of action.   Judge Kavanaugh dissented from that. He argued that the speech and  debate clause of the Constitution prohibited the employee from moving  forward with her claims, and he would have dismissed the case. His  interpretation of this constitutional provision would bar workers in  congressional offices and throughout the legislative branch from  pursuing most of their discrimination claims in Federal court,  including many sexual harassment, discrimination, and retaliation  claims, only leaving available an inadequate and secret remedy.   In Miller v. Clinton, the majority held that the State Department  violated the Age Discrimination in Employment Act when it imposed a  mandatory retirement age and fired an employee when he turned 65. The  State Department argued that it was exempt from the statute in light of  a separate Federal law that permits U.S. citizens who are employed  abroad to be excepted from U.S. anti-discrimination laws.   The majority disagreed and held that there was nothing in the Basic  Authorities Act that abrogates the broad proscription against personnel  actions that discriminate on the basis of age and that the necessary  consequences of the Department's position is that it is also free from  any statutory bar against terminating an employee like Miller solely on  account of his disability or race or religion or sex. Judge Kavanaugh  dissented, arguing that the Basic Authorities Act overrides existing  anti-discrimination laws. His willingness to embrace such a broad  exemption from anti-discrimination laws is troubling.    Once again, we see a pattern in Judge Kavanaugh's rulings, favoring  the powerful over individual rights.   In Rattigan v. Holder, Judge Kavanaugh dissented from a majority  decision which ruled that an African-American FBI agent could pursue a  case of improper retaliation for filing a discrimination claim, where  the agency started a security investigation against him, as long as he  did so without questioning unreviewable decisions by the FBI's Security  Division. He stated that the entire claim must be dismissed despite the  majority's warning that this was not required by precedent and that the  courts should preserve ``to the maximum extent possible Title VII's  important protections against workplace discrimination and  retaliation.'' Judge Kavanaugh was in the minority on that opinion.   Judge Kavanaugh's dissents in these cases embrace positions that  carve out Federal employees from the protections of Federal employment  discrimination laws or limit their ability to enforce such rights.   Judge Kavanaugh has a pattern of ruling against workers and employees  in other types of workplace cases as well, such as workplace safety,  worker privacy, and union disputes. Let me cite a few examples.   In SeaWorld of Florida, LLC v. Perez, Judge Kavanaugh once again  dissented from a majority opinion upholding a safety citation against  SeaWorld following the death of a trainer who was working with a killer  whale that had killed three trainers previously. While the majority  deferred to the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission's  finding that SeaWorld had insufficiently limited the trainers' physical  contact with the whales, Judge Kavanaugh strongly disagreed and  questioned the role of government in determining the appropriate levels  of risk for workers.   In National Labor Relations Board v. CNN America, Inc., Judge  Kavanaugh dissented in part from Chief Judge Garland's majority opinion  upholding a National Labor Relations Board's order that CNN recognize  and bargain with a worker's union and finding that CNN violated the  National Labor Relations Act by discriminating against union members in  hiring. Judge Kavanaugh dissented from the finding that CNN was a  successor employer, and his position would have completely absolved CNN  of any liability for failing to abide by the collective bargaining  agreement.   In National Federation of Federal Employees v. Vilsack, Judge  Kavanaugh dissented from the DC Circuit majority's ruling that  invalidated a random drug testing program for U.S. Forest Service  employees at Job Corps Civilian Conservation Centers. The majority,  which included another Republican-appointed judge, observed that there  was no evidence of any difficulty maintaining a zero-tolerance drug  policy during the 14 years before the random drug testing policy was  adopted and that the primary administrator of the Job Corps, the  Department of Labor, had no such policy. That didn't affect Judge  Kavanaugh--he dissented and would have restricted employees' privacy  rights.   In American Federation of Government Employees, AFL-CIO v. Gates,  Judge Kavanaugh authored the majority opinion that reversed the lower  court's partial blocking of Department of Defense regulations, which  had found that many of the Pentagon's regulations would ``entirely  eviscerate collective bargaining.'' Judge Kavanaugh disagreed. Judge  Tatel dissented in part, noting that Judge Kavanaugh's majority opinion  would allow the Secretary of Defense to ``abolish collective bargaining  altogether--a position with which even the Secretary disagrees.''   In Heller v. District of Columbia, after the Supreme Court decided 5  to 4 in the 2008 case of District of Columbia v. Heller that the Second  Amendment protects an individual's right to bear arms, Washington, DC,  passed laws that prohibited assault weapons and high-capacity magazines  and that required certain firearms to be registered. We know the Heller  decision, and we know the importance of the Heller decision's extending  individual rights under the Second Amendment. Yet, after the District  passed a law involving assault weapons and high-capacity magazines, the  same plaintiff, Richard Heller, argued that the new gun laws violated  the Second Amendment.   In the 2011 case of Heller v. District of Columbia, a panel of three  Republican-appointed judges ruled 2 to 1 that DC's ban on assault  weapons and high-capacity magazines was constitutional. It happened to  be three Republican-appointed judges. The ruling was 2 to 1. You  guessed it--Judge Kavanaugh was the dissenter and would have held that  the ban on assault weapons was unconstitutional. He wrote in that  opinion that there was no difference between handguns and assault  weapons in that regard. I find that very troubling if he does not see  the difference between a handgun and an assault weapon.   A Justice Kavanaugh would worsen the problems caused by the Supreme  Court's decision in Citizens United, which gave corporate speech First  Amendment protection, increasing the flow of money into our elections.  His record indicates he would continue opening the floodgates of dark  and secret money into our political system. We have enough money  already in the system, and we don't need more. A Justice Kavanaugh, to  me, would mean an open season on more special interest money getting  into our election system.   In the case of EMILY's List v. Federal Election Commission, Judge  Kavanaugh wrote the opinion for a conservative three-judge panel that  struck down FEC rules that were developed to address the influx of  spending by outside groups and paved the way for the creation of super  PACs.   Judge Kavanaugh has been critical of the Chevron deference. Under  Chevron, which is named for a 1984 Supreme Court opinion, courts defer  to reasonable agency interpretations when Congress has been silent or  ambiguous on an issue.   In a 2017 speech at Notre Dame that honored Justice Scalia, Judge  Kavanaugh said: ``The Chevron doctrine encourages agency aggressiveness  on a large scale. Under the guise of ambiguity, agencies can stretch  the meaning of statutes enacted by Congress to accommodate their  preferred policy outcomes. I saw this firsthand when I worked in the  White House, and I see it now as a judge.''   Judge Kavanaugh's proposed solutions to Chevron is to simply  determine the best reading of the statutes, and courts would no longer  defer to  [[Page S6518]]  agencies' interpretations of statutes. Such an interpretation would put  environmental, public health, and consumer protection interests at  great risk.   Judge Kavanaugh would have struck down the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau as unconstitutional when he wrote the majority  opinion in a panel decision. An en banc panel of the DC Circuit  ultimately vacated that and remanded Judge Kavanaugh's decision,  upholding the constitutionality of the Dodd-Frank reforms, including  the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.   That is what is at risk with a Justice Kavanaugh--that type of  decision-making that hinders consumer protection, public health, and  environmental issues.   The purpose of the Chevron doctrine is to allow government agencies  to carry out congressional intent, as our agencies are carrying out and  interpreting increasingly complex statutes. Judicial review of such  interpretations is governed by a two-step framework that was included  in the Chevron case.   The Chevron framework of review usually applies if Congress has given  an agency the general authority to make rules with the force of law. If  Chevron applies, a court asks at step one whether Congress directly  addressed the precise issue before the court, using traditional tools  of statutory construction. If the statute is clear on its face, the  court must effectuate congressional intent. However, if the court  concludes instead that the statute is silent or ambiguous with respect  to the specific issue, the court proceeds to Chevron's step two.   At step two, courts defer to the agency's reasonable interpretation  of the statute. This is just common sense. Even the late conservative  Justice Antonin Scalia defended the Chevron doctrine as an important  rule-of-law principle.   As the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights has stated,  Federal agencies issue regulations addressing a wide array of civil and  human rights issues, including environmental protection, immigration  policy, healthcare protection, education laws, workplace safety, and  consumer protections. A Justice Kavanaugh will put all of these  protections at risk.   Judge Kavanaugh's performance at his hearing and his answers to  questions for the record did not provide me any additional comfort  about his nomination. Indeed, Judge Kavanaugh's testimony, judicial  record, and legal career reveal a disturbing pattern.   I believe he would be a Justice with an activist, conservative agenda  who could disregard precedent to reach a desired outcome. A Justice  Kavanaugh could serve as a rubberstamp for the worst successes of the  Trump administration.   Judge Kavanaugh had several opportunities to stand up for the  independence of the judiciary and the rule of law. He has refused to  condemn President Trump's attack on Justice Ginsburg or Judge Curiel  due to his Mexican heritage. I recall by contrast, when we had Judge  Gorsuch before us with his confirmation hearings, he said that ``when  anyone criticizes the honesty or integrity, the motives of a Federal  judge, well, I find that disheartening, I find that demoralizing,  because I know the truth.'' Judge Kavanaugh wouldn't even go that far.   Judge Kavanaugh refused to comment on President Trump's repeated  attempts to politicize criminal prosecutions at the Department of  Justice.   His testimony following Dr. Ford's testimony is particularly  troubling. His tirade against members of the Judiciary Committee, his  partisan attacks, and his conspiracy theories reveal real concerns to  me about his impartiality and judicial temperament and whether he would  be a partisan on the Court. The American people want an independent  voice on the Supreme Court to protect their individual rights against  those in power, be it the President or powerful corporate interests.   Under our Constitution, the courts must act as an independent branch  of government and as a check and balance against the abuse of power.  The Supreme Court is the guardian of America's constitutional rights  against the powerful. After reviewing Judge Kavanaugh's record, I  believe he is not the right choice to safeguard these fundamental  principles. I will vote no on his confirmation to the Supreme Court.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I rise today in support of H.R. 302, the  Aviation, Transportation Safety, and Disaster Recovery Reforms and  Reauthorization Act, a long-term, bipartisan reauthorization of the  Federal Aviation Administration, FAA.   I am pleased that this bill includes multiple provisions designed to  mitigate and alleviate community exposure to noise. Aircraft noise  threatens the quality of life of Marylanders who live around Baltimore/ Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport, BWI, and Ronald  Reagan Washington National Airport, DCA, robbing them of sleep,  cardiovascular health, and their children's learning.   After anguished pleas from impacted constituents and concerned State  and local elected officials, Senator Van Hollen and I drafted multiple  noise impact mitigation provisions which are included in H.R. 302.  After this bill is enacted, airports will have to submit updated noise  exposure maps to the FAA, the FAA will have to consider noise concerns  from affected communities when proposing new departure procedures, the  FAA will be required to examine the community engagement process, the  FAA will study how aircraft approach and takeoff speeds impact  communities surrounding airports, airport land use compatibility  guidelines will have to be revised, the FAA will create a pilot program  to mitigate the impacts of aircraft noise, and the FAA and NASA will  study the impact of technologies on fuel efficiency, noise, and  aircraft weight.   I am disappointed that my provision to require the FAA Administrator  to implement new departure and arrival procedures to protect  communities surrounding airports was not included in this bill, and I  am determined to continue my efforts to improve the departure and  arrival procedures.   Outside of the noise context, H.R. 302 will make the skies safer and  more dignified for airline passengers and professionals alike. Airports  will be required to provide lactation rooms to be eligible for airport  development project grants.   Airline staff who have regular interaction with passengers will be  required to have human trafficking identification training. The FAA  must examine and improve response to onboard sexual assault  allegations. The Attorney General of the United States will establish a  process for individuals to report sexual misconduct on aircraft.   The FAA will issue regulations creating minimum dimensions for  passenger seats--width, leg room, and pitch--and prohibiting airlines  from involuntarily removing passengers from flights after they have  cleared the boarding gate.   The bill makes aviation safer for first responders by directing the  FAA to consider an airport's role in medical emergencies, medical  evacuations, and community-related emergency or disaster preparedness  when evaluating airport master plans.   The bill restores power to passengers by directing the U.S.  Department of Transportation to examine whether carriers are being  upfront with consumers about flight times and requires Secretary of  Transportation to develop the Airline Passengers with Disabilities Bill  of Rights, listing rights and protections granted to airline  passengers.   The aviation industry is critical to the State of Maryland. According  to the Alliance for Aviation Across America, Maryland is home to 25  repair stations, 15 FAA-approved pilot schools, 1,389 flight  instructors, 2,566 student pilots, 514 active Air Line Pilots  Association pilots, 110 National Air Traffic Controller Association air  traffic controllers, an aviation maintenance training school, and nine  general aviation airports. More than 17 million passengers flew through  BWI Marshall Airport in 2017. In 2017, the FAA's Airport Improvement  Program, AIP, provided $26,307,253 in grants to airport improvement  projects in 