 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for  his service. If you don't know, Scott Taylor enlisted in the Navy SEALs  in 1997, got out, and then went back to Iraq in 2005. In Ramadi, as a  Navy SEAL sniper, he was injured. And here he is now.   I thank the gentleman for doing this. Like all or most Navy SEALs,  the gentleman does great when the camera is on him. As a Congressman,  the camera is always on him, so he does very well in this job.   I would like to bring up one point that really struck me, because of  the Budget Control Act and the continuing resolutions. The former  Speaker of the House, when we passed this 9 years ago, looked us in the  eye and said: This will never pass. It is too horrible. This will never  happen. It is too horrible for the military. It hurts it too badly.   That is what the former Speaker of the House said. When he looked the  Armed Services Committee in the eye and told them that, a lot of the  Members proceeded to vote ``yes'' on the Budget Control Act, and that  put us where we are now.   Let me tell you where the Budget Control Act has put us. In 2017, you  had about 80 servicemembers die in training. That doesn't include drunk  driving or falling off a cliff. But in training in the United States,  all four branches of service, you had more than 80 servicemembers die  last year just training.   You had 21 servicemembers die in combat. So you had 21 service people  die in combat zones where they are getting shot at and fighting the  enemy, and more than 80 people died back here at home just training.   The Budget Control Act and the continuing resolutions that we have  been  [[Page H6165]]  doing have literally made it safer to go to war in Iraq, Afghanistan,  Syria, Philippines. Name your place, it is safer than training here at  home. It is safer than getting in a C-130 and flying here at home. It  is safer to do it overseas.   That is a sad state for our American military, and it is a sad state  of affairs for this Congress.   What Mr. Taylor said is absolutely right. The Senate needs to work on  this. We are going to pass it. We are going to get a clean bill back  from them.   It would be fantastic to be able to move forward and get out of these  continuing resolutions and stay out of them. Once we started this,  again, it took 9 years to get to where we are now, where we are finally  getting out of it with the deals that this Speaker has made and with  what this Senate has done.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman again for his service and for  doing this Special Order this evening.   