 Madam President, many of us this afternoon had the  opportunity to see a screening of the HBO documentary ``For Whom the  Bell Tolls,'' a tribute to Senator McCain. It is clearly a tribute, but  it is also the story of his life and an expose of his sacrifice for his  country. It is a moving story of Senator McCain's life and an  inspiration to me and, I assume, to my colleagues for the commitment  that he has made to always try to do right--putting his country above  self.   I have had the honor of working with Senator McCain for the last  several years in regard to legislation trying to improve the  circumstances that our Nation's veterans face as they access healthcare  within the Department of Veterans Affairs.   Senator McCain and I introduced legislation to accomplish a number of  things related to this, particularly the Veterans Choice Program.  Choice was passed back about 2014, at a time in which the VA was in a  crisis and a time in which the veterans they were created to serve were  harmed by decisions made at the Department of Veterans Affairs. The  problems were highlighted in Senator McCain's home city of Phoenix at  the Phoenix VA, in which a number of veterans may have died as a result  of the inability to access healthcare in a timely fashion.   The solution to the problems exhibited in other places across the  country--which included false waiting lists, in which the VA had  determined a list that was not real but demonstrated that veterans who  had no idea they had an appointment to see someone at the VA had an  appointment, to camouflage the failures and the slowness of the  Department of Veterans Affairs--resulted in a unanimous decision by the  Senate to create a program called Choice.   Choice creates the opportunity for a veteran, under certain  circumstances, to access healthcare in their home community at the  veteran's discretion. This program, in my view, has significant  potential to alter the opportunities that a veteran has to be cared  for.   Those who served our country deserve the very best, and we want to  make certain that happens both inside the VA and with a program that  allows veterans to choose healthcare outside the Department of Veterans  Affairs.   The Veterans Choice Program has expired since 2014. We have  reauthorized it in a number of instances. I think three, perhaps four  times. It needed funding, and we reauthorized the funding. Choice was a  limited program in which for the veteran to qualify to receive Choice  care in the community at their discretion and at their option was  determined by whether or not that veteran lived within 40 miles of a VA  facility or whether the VA could provide the services within 30 days of  the time the veteran needed that care.   The committee here in the Senate has worked for a long time trying to  reauthorize the Veterans Choice Program. It has been my position, with  Senator McCain, that just to reauthorize Choice would be a significant  error on our part and that in the authorization process, we should make  community care work better for veterans.   I judge whether or not the VA is providing the care and services that  our veterans need by what you would call casework--what we do on behalf  of our constituents who have a challenge or a problem with a Federal  agency or department. Our casework regarding veterans who are  attempting to access care in the community has been exponential.   I checked the other day. At the moment, we have 80 cases for veterans  in Kansas--not all related to this particular program but 80 veterans  who contacted me and my staff and said: I need your help. Since I have  been a Senator, that number is 2,650 veterans who have contacted me or  my staff saying: I need your help. So when it came time for the Senate  Veterans' Affairs Committee to begin the legislative process of  determining how to alter the program, how to reform it, and,  particularly, how to extend the program, I wanted to make certain that  my input was based upon what veterans were telling me about how the  program did and didn't work.   Our committee passed a bill out of the Veterans' Affairs Committee  months ago. That bill was passed by our committee on a vote of 14 to 1.  I was the one opponent. I say that for my colleagues today--some of  whom have asked my view, some of whom I hope were interested in my  view, and even those who may not care. I want them to know that the  bill now in front of the Senate--and the majority leader just filed the  proceedings for us to have a cloture vote next week on this  legislation--is legislation I support. It does do something more than  just extend Choice. It creates opportunities for that program to work  much better. Most importantly to me was the issue of who decides  whether or not a veteran has the option of choosing community care.   The legislation that we will consider next week allows for the  Department of Veterans Affairs--in a sense, the Secretary of the  Department of Veterans Affairs--to remain the gatekeeper. The VA has  the opportunity to make the decision about who gets to have community  care, but different than today, when the only criteria is 40 miles or  30 days. We create access standards in this legislation that the VA  must abide by in determining whether or not a veteran can have care in  the community, and that is a significant difference.   We had all kinds of challenges with the 40 miles and 30 days. We  changed the definition of what a facility was in order to get the VA to  allow individuals to have access to care at home. People may recall  that the VA wanted to count the 40 miles as the crow flies. In addition  to other challenges that the VA put in front of veterans, we have  eliminated those and created a standard by which the VA must abide. So  while the gatekeeper remains the Department of Veterans Affairs, it is  not in the total discretion of the Department of Veterans Affairs. They  must abide by criteria, and if the veteran believes he or she is denied  care in the community, that veteran has the opportunity to appeal based  upon a number of standards, including best medical interest of the  veteran.   We are changing a program in which the VA made decisions that often  denied veterans the access to care in their community that veteran  asked for, and we are saying: You now asked the VA for permission. The  VA has to make a decision to grant or deny that permission, but they  can't do it solely at the discretion of the Secretary of Veterans  Affairs. They must abide by criteria. That is a significant  improvement.   Secondly, if you feel like you have received the wrong decision, you  can appeal that decision.   Today--and we have plenty of examples of this in Kansas--when a  veteran is denied community care by the Department of Veterans Affairs,  their only appeal is to their Senator or their Member of Congress, in  which we then have a new case to once again try to work our way through  the Department  [[Page S2765]]  of Veterans Affairs: Why did you deny this veteran his or her choice to  have community care?   This bill is a significant improvement. It satisfies the concerns I  had; my view that early on, we were mostly just trying to extend Choice  as it was--as it is, and now this replaces it with really a  circumstance in which veterans have rights, have standards the  Department of Veterans Affairs must comply with.   In addition to the issues of who can access care, who is the  gatekeeper, and determining the standards, this bill merges and  modernizes all community care programs and puts them all in one  category at the Department of Veterans Affairs instead of multiple  programs. It simplifies it.   We have had too many instances in which, if you didn't access care  under one program, you might be able to apply for another. This changes  the circumstances that so many of my veterans have complained to me  about, in which they get an authorization from the Department of  Veterans Affairs, and they are allowed to see a physician in their home  community, but then when they need lab work or an x ray--something that  should be related to that visit--they have to go back to the Department  of Veterans Affairs to get additional consent. This is more in the line  of necessary procedures that should follow: one authorization that  includes the things that are medically necessary for that appointment  with the physician or that admission to a hospital. It just makes sense  that these other things would be necessary if that physician whom the  VA referred you to believes them to be necessary. It establishes a  framework for the VA to build a high-performing healthcare network, and  it implements new coordination so the veteran and the VA work together  to determine what is in the best interest of that veteran.   It is something I have cared about a lot. We required that in the  original Choice Act; that the healthcare provider be paid Medicare  rates. Those of us who come from rural States recognize there are  various rates under Medicare, and for our smallest hospitals, they are  entitled to cost-based reimbursement. That is not happening under the  current legislation, the law today. This legislation corrects the  problem, keeping the circumstance more likely in which our hospitals  and doctors would be financially able to see a veteran and provide that  care.   This is not privatizing the VA. The VA serves a valuable and useful  role. Many veterans choose to have care at the Department of Veterans  Affairs, at their hospitals, and at their clinics. Again, it is the  veterans' choice where he or she wants to go.   For those of us who come from rural places, the distances in which a  veteran must travel, in many instances, have eliminated the ability for  that veteran to ever access care from the VA. The VA has programs that  are important to veterans--traumatic brain injury, amputation, things  that may not ever be as available or as desirable in the community.   This legislation is supported by every veterans service organization  I know of. We have come to the point in which it is time for us to pass  this legislation. Memorial Day is approaching. The President has asked  this legislation be approved prior to Memorial Day. We think it is  appropriate to honor those who served our country at this point in May,  where Memorial Day is around the corner, to provide the care they are  asking for.   The other aspect of why it is important for us to move on the  legislation now is that the funding for Choice and community care has  diminished. I serve on the Appropriations Committee that funds the  Department of Veterans Affairs, and it is necessary for us to get the  money in place. The VA is already rationing care for those veterans who  use Choice today, and this legislation puts the necessary dollars in  place for Choice to continue in its new reformed and improved status.   It would be a shame for us to miss this opportunity. It would be  wrong for our veterans. It would diminish the number of people who  access care at the Department of Veterans Affairs and do so at a time  in which the needs are great for those who have served our Nation.   Again, referring to my colleague from Arizona, Senator McCain, we  would honor him if we answer this call to do our duty to see that our  veterans are cared for, that promises are kept.   I appreciate the response that was given when the bill was suggested  to be named in honor of Senator McCain. Both the House chairman and the  House committee, along with Senator Isakson, the chairman here, and  Senator Tester, the ranking member, have agreed to do that. This  legislation is now known as the McCain Mission Act. Our colleague, for  whom there are so many reasons to pay honor and tribute to, would  receive another honor for his service to our Nation but of equal  importance, his service to other veterans.   For so many reasons, it is time for us to act, to pass the McCain  Mission Act, and do so with the promptness that has followed long  deliberations to try to get it right.   In my view, too often the U.S. Senate, the Congress, politics, and  government, in general, just put a bandaid on to get by. This  legislation is significantly different than doing something to get by.  It would improve the quality of life for those who serve our Nation. We  should honor them, as we honor Senator McCain, prior to Memorial Day,  at the end of next week.   I thank you for the opportunity to address the Senate.   