 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the time.   Mr. Speaker, I do represent the Second District of New Mexico. That  is the part of New Mexico that lies on the border with Mexico.   Make no mistake about it: This issue is one that is important to the  entire Nation. We are talking about a single subject, and that is  securing the border. That is all the discussion is about. The rest of  the spending in the bill, maybe it is right, maybe it is wrong, but  that is not part of the discussion. The discussion is: Are we going to  secure the border or not?   The gentleman from Ohio had it exactly right, that the President sat  there and said we are going to take this in front of the American  people. He said: I will take responsibility for it, and we are going to  have that discussion.   But then the Speaker of this House has said we are not going to have  the discussion.   We came here as Members of Congress to make important decisions,  sometimes very weighty decisions, sometimes very hard decisions.  Frankly, this decision is not that hard: Secure the border. That is it.   That is all we are asking for from this institution and from our  friends in the Senate, but somehow we are finding that that is too hard  an ask. The American people don't think it is too hard an ask.   It is not that it is a racial question. The Second District of New  Mexico is 52 percent Hispanic, 60 percent overall minority. They agree.  No matter how they feel on immigration, no matter how they feel on  amnesty, they agree that the border must be secure. They agree that we  must know who is coming here and why they are coming here.   As we watched the people gathered in Tijuana, there are concerns  about exactly who makes up this group. A secure border allows us to  answer those questions. An open border does not allow us to answer  those questions.   So I am here tonight to stand with my friends in the Freedom Caucus  to say to the Speaker, to say to the leaders, that we simply need to  take up this question. We have the amendment. It is very  straightforward, very simple.   Mr. Speaker, I support the amendment. I support the question: Will we  secure the border? The answer should be yes.   