 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Thompson for his partnership on this  legislation, and Chairwoman Foxx and Ranking Member Scott for their  leadership. Lastly, I thank our colleagues in the Senate for working  hard to pass H.R. 2353 earlier this week. It has now been 12 years  since Congress acted to update this critical program.   The Bureau of Labor Statistics recently reported a skills gap of 6.5  million unfilled jobs. Compared to this time last year, there are now  an additional 1 million job openings where employers can't find  applicants with the adequate skills or training to fill them. For the  health of our economy, the prosperity of our workers, and the strength  of our businesses, we must reverse this trend, and we must reverse it  now.   Our bipartisan legislation, the Strengthening Career and Technical  Education for the 21st Century Act, implements critical reforms to  ensure American technical education and training programs prepare  students for high-wage, in-demand jobs in their communities.   This legislation aligns CTE programs to meet the needs of local labor  markets, gives business and workforce experts a seat at the table when  CTE curricula are crafted, and preserves robust accountability  standards to protect American students.   This legislation also increases funding to Perkins CTE programs to  record levels, ensuring that each State across the country receives  sufficient Federal resources to build a dynamic, growing workforce and  a thriving economy.   Congress hasn't made substantive reforms to career and technical  education since 2006, before the invention of the iPhone and long  before the current technological revolution. American students,  workers, and businesses are depending on us today to reform and  reauthorize Perkins CTE.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 2353, as  amended, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Virginia (Mr. Scott).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Rhode Island (Mr. Langevin).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Minnesota (Mr. Nolan).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from California (Mrs. Davis).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Connecticut (Mr. Courtney).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Oregon (Ms. Bonamici).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I want to say thank you, again, to Congressman G.T.  Thompson, Chairwoman Foxx, Ranking Member Scott, all the members of the  Education and the Workforce Committee, all the staff on the Education  and the Workforce Committee, and a point of personal privilege, Sam  Morgante and Brian Kaissi for their yeoman's work on my staff.   The CTE bill will begin a career and technical education revolution  in this country. It will allow us to equip millions of young people and  those in career transition with the skills to take the jobs of the  future.   There are 6.7 million unfilled jobs that are waiting to be filled by  motivated, enterprising, hardworking people who seek a middle class  lifestyle, which is the American Dream.   Mr. Speaker, I urge strong support of this landmark legislation, and  I yield back the balance of my time.   