 Mr. President, I, too, rise to recognize my distinguished  colleague, Joe Donnelly, for his years of dedicated service to the  State of Indiana. I also want to commend his family for their  dedication. I know this is a team effort in public life to work on  behalf of our country and our States and our constituents. They have  been all in for the people of Indiana, and I just want to rise them up  during this important time as they turn to a new chapter in their  lives.   Joe Donnelly has a heart for service, clearly, from his service on  the school board, to serving as a Member of Congress--our terms  overlapped--to the last 6 years he has spent in the U.S. Senate. I have  to say it has been a real privilege to have Joe as my partner in the  Senate over the last couple of years.   Back home, he describes himself as the hired help. Throughout his  time in public life, Joe has never forgotten whom he works for. That is  because he genuinely likes people--not in the abstract; he likes  individual Hoosiers and individual Americans and servicemembers and  veterans and our seniors and young children. That is why he has such a  magnetic personality. That is why he is beloved by colleagues on the  right and the left, who represent red States and blue States. That is  why I have enjoyed working with Joe as well. Hired help.   Joe touched on the casework and the challenges he has been able to  resolve on behalf of the people of Indiana, individual problems people  have had with this vast government maze that sometimes we have to  navigate. He does have a reputation for having done very well on that  front. I think that is a reputation he is rightly proud of. He has also  been able to get some important legislative initiatives done on behalf  of the people of Indiana, and I would like to emphasize a couple on  which we had an opportunity to work together--again, consistent with  his bipartisan nature.  [[Page S7410]]    Joe and I worked together to ensure that our brave law enforcement  officers have greater access to mental health services. Actually, truth  be told, Joe was really the champion of that effort. That is certainly  one of his legacies during his time in the Senate. I can think of no  more important legacy as I look at his record of achievements.   We worked to make sure that we properly commemorated the Landmark for  Peace Memorial in Indianapolis, where Robert F. Kennedy delivered some  stirring words the evening of Martin Luther King's assassination. It  was a moving moment for all present, Black and White and people of  modest means and wealthier means. They all came together that evening  because of that stirring speech. Joe and I worked together to make sure  that memorial park is tastefully recognized from here into the future.  It is a nice piece of legacy, and it wouldn't have happened but for the  efforts of Joe Donnelly.   Joe and I worked on a resolution to designate August 3, 2018, as  National Ernie Pyle Day. We are proud of that in Indiana. Ernie Pyle is  a celebrated war correspondent and Hoosier journalist who deserves  memory in the consciousness and imagination of future generations of  journalists. There, again, Joe and I had an opportunity to work  together.   We worked together on perhaps the most consequential issue of our  time--fighting this scourge of opioid abuse. We have worked on multiple  bills on that front.   One of the more fun areas we worked together was actually one of the  first things Joe and I did after I was sworn in to the Senate. We  struck from all government publications the word ``Indianan.'' We don't  use that back home. Because of Joe Donnelly and our work together, the  word ``Indianan'' will never appear in government publications.  Instead, it will forever hereinafter be the word ``Hoosier.'' The word  ``Hoosier'' is the proper word and will now be used to describe someone  from the State of Indiana.   I think Joe would characterize himself as a regular guy. I actually  think he is an extraordinary guy in so many ways. He is uncommonly  approachable for a U.S. Senator. That is very important in this  democratic republic in which we live. We want to make sure that the  people we hire to help us--we want to make sure our elected  representatives are people we can talk to and people who will listen.  He has developed a reputation that I think he should be very proud of  as being regarded as someone who is really approachable.   Joe is refreshingly plainspoken. There is not a lot of flowery  language that he brings to bear. He is who he is, and he is very  comfortable with that, and he speaks in such a way that is equally  accessible to all Hoosiers and all Americans. That is really important,  too, and I think it is something that others will seek to model moving  forward.   You have been an example on that front.   Perhaps most important to me, he is a really good guy. He is  authentic. We don't want our public servants to be phony-baloney,  plastic figures. Joe is not. Joe will tell you what is on his mind and  how he is feeling. He is just a really good guy. He is somebody you  might want as your neighbor.   I know Joe has an incredible future. I know he is going to stay  engaged in making sure his community is taken care of. I know he will  continue to care about Indiana and America and things going on around  the world.   Perhaps we will have an opportunity, my friend, to partner together  moving forward and do some good together and--as I think you put it,  plainly but very directly--to leave this world a little better than you  found it. Thank you for your service, Joe. Thank you to your family.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   