 Mr. President, I take this time to talk about the recent  court decision concerning the Affordable Care Act.   I see that Senator Flake is on the floor. I was listening to my  colleague, Senator Klobuchar, talk about the four colleagues on the  Republican side who will be leaving. I have already had a chance in the  Foreign Relations Committee to talk about Senator Flake, but I want him  to know, and I want the American people to know, that there is no finer  Senator than Senator Flake. He has shown great integrity on foreign  policy issues, on decency issues, and on his principles.   I will never forget our visit to the southern part of Africa, where  Senator Flake was a missionary when he was a little bit younger, and  his passion for the people and their needs has never stopped. That is  just one example. I can name many more examples of how Senator Flake  has inspired all of us. The courage that he has shown has been an  inspiration. I wish him the best as he moves on to the next chapter in  his life.   I rise today to discuss America's access to healthcare and the  patient protections that are currently being threatened by President  Trump and his administration; specifically, his decision to not uphold  the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the law of the land.   Last week, Judge Reed O'Connor of the U.S. District Court for the  Northern District of Texas ruled that the Affordable Care Act is  unconstitutional and that the law is not severable from and cannot  stand without the individual mandate penalty, which Republicans  eliminated in their December 2017 tax bill. While this ruling is being  appealed, President Trump has the opportunity to stand up for the  American people.   Over and over again, we have heard President Trump promise to lower  prescription drug prices for seniors, end the opioid epidemic, and  improve the availability and affordability of health insurance. Yet,  for any of his proposed policies to succeed, President Trump needs the  Affordable Care Act, even though he will not admit it.   Without the Affordable Care Act, which closed the doughnut hole for  seniors, many older Americans would likely spend around $2,000 more in  out-of-pocket costs for prescription drugs each year. Rather than  helping our seniors lower costs, with the loss of the protection under  the Affordable Care Act--the benefits--they will end up paying more.   Furthermore, the Affordable Care Act created the Centers for Medicare  and Medicaid Innovation, which is the basic infrastructure for the  Trump administration to test the recently released drug-pricing  proposals. Without the ACA, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid  Innovation would not exist, and President Trump would need  congressional approval to implement such a sweeping national test on  drug prices.   We all should be committed to reducing the cost of prescription drugs  in this country. The President ran on that when he was Candidate Trump.   We know that as Americans we pay so much more than people from other  industrialized nations for the same drugs, many of which are  manufactured right here in America. The ACA--the Affordable Care Act-- helped us move in the right direction. We need to build on that. Let us  work together to preserve the progress we have made under the  Affordable Care Act and to pass additional legislation allowing us to  use the collective bargaining power of our consumers so that we can pay  lower prices than our friends from Canada because we have a bigger  market. We should be paying lower--not twice as much.   President Trump says that he wants to end the opioid epidemic. By  getting rid of the Affordable Care Act, he will cause millions of  Americans to lose their current health insurance. This is because any  rollback in Medicaid coverage, the biggest payer for behavioral  healthcare, would result in roughly 1.2 million people with addiction  and mental health issues losing access to affordable treatment.   If you don't have insurance protection for behavioral health or  addiction, you are going to be much less likely to be able to get  access to that needed treatment in order to deal with your addiction.   We know we need a comprehensive approach to deal with the opioid  crisis. Yes, we want to stop the dangerous drug fentanyl from coming  into this country. Yes, we want to stop the distribution of illegal  drugs. But we also  [[Page S7891]]  have to deal with the reality of people who have addictions, and they  need to be able to get help. Part of that is having access to care and  having coverage. The elimination of the Affordable Care Act will move  us in the wrong direction.   We need to continue to build on legislation we have worked on  together--bipartisan--that provides additional resources to our State  and local governments to deal with the opioid crisis. Part of that is  the expansion of coverage under the Affordable Care Act.   Scrapping the healthcare law will not only leave Medicaid expansion  enrollees high and dry; it will also hurt very vulnerable populations  that were unable to buy affordable, comprehensive coverage before the  Affordable Care Act, including more than 130 million women, children,  and other people with preexisting conditions.   Let's remember that prior to the Affordable Care Act, many  Americans--millions of Americans--were denied full coverage because of  preexisting condition restrictions. The Maryland Health Benefit  Exchange estimates that in Maryland, there are approximately 2.5  million non-elderly Marylanders with preexisting conditions, 320,000 of  whom are children. They are at risk with this court decision in Texas.   Undoing current law would also eliminate strong patient protection.  Insurers would once again be able to impose annual and lifetime limits,  discriminate against women, and charge higher out-of-pocket costs.  Young adults would no longer be able to stay on their parents'  insurance until they turn 26.   We are talking about tens of millions of Americans who are at risk by  this court decision. It is absurd to move back and tell these people  they are going to lose the protection they now have under our  healthcare system.   It is simple. President Trump must take this opportunity to stand up  for the American people and defend the law. That is what the President  of the United States should be doing. That is why I joined Senator  Manchin and many of my Democratic colleagues in a letter urging  President Trump to direct the Department of Justice to defend the law  of the land. Yes, we should defend the law. It is our responsibility to  make sure we protect the people of this Nation.   Let's build on the progress we have made together. We know we need to  improve our healthcare system. We know the cost of prescription drugs  is too high. We can do something about that. We know the individual  marketplace needs improvement. We want to make sure there is  affordable, quality insurance for everyone in this country.   Yes, we need to build on the progress we have made to make  improvement, but what I urge all of us to do--let's maintain the  protections we have today. Let's not go back to the time when being a  woman was a preexisting condition and you couldn't get full coverage.  Let's not go back to the days when, if you had a heart ailment and you  tried to buy an insurance policy, you were not going to get coverage  for what you need. You were going to get those exclusions. That is  where we were before we passed the Affordable Care Act.   Let's build on the Affordable Care Act. Let's work together as  Democrats and Republicans. Let's defend the progress we have made. I  hope the President will join us, but let's take that responsibility and  build on that and work together, Democrats and Republicans, to build a  stronger system for all.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   