 Mr. President, I yield to my colleague from Arizona  if he wishes to be heard first.    Mr. President, I am honored and grateful to follow  the very powerful comments of my friend and colleague from Arizona.  They remind me of our mutual friend, his colleague and partner from the  State of Arizona, Senator John McCain, whom we miss at this moment more  than ever. Senator McCain is with us in spirit, and those words remind  us that the threat we face at this perilous time in our national  history must be met with a truly bipartisan response.   The threat we face is every bit as serious as any in the history of  this country because it involves an attack on the pillars of our  democracy. We know that 9/11 and Pearl Harbor involved a  [[Page S4991]]  physical assault with immediate loss of life. Russia's attack on this  country in 2016 is every bit as serious and urgent.   In the words of the Director of National Intelligence, our former  colleague Dan Coats, this incident should put us truly on alert. Those  blinking lights based on objective and unvarnished evidence, as he put  it, of a pervasive, continuing attack should bring us together as a  legislative body and as a country.   This issue really is not about Donald Trump as much as it is about  our Nation. The summit in a sense realized our worst fears; indeed, our  deepest nightmare. At best, it was going to be a gift to President  Putin because it legitimized him and elevated him on the world stage,  even if no words followed that private meeting.   The truth is that it happened, and the President of the United States  was a puppet, a patsy, a pushover--in fact, an appeaser, in the worst  tradition of that term--on the public stage. The President put Russia  over this country. He failed to fulfill his oath of office to defend  this Nation against all enemies, foreign and domestic. He failed to put  America's interests first. In fact, he blamed America first. He blamed  everyone except for Putin and himself.   Now he has attempted, shamefully, to rewrite history--unartfully,  incredibly. He has said, in effect, that some editing, some minor  change in grammar, would allow him to escape the universal condemnation  from all sides of the political spectrum of his shameful surrender to  Vladimir Putin.   The question is, What does Vladimir Putin have on Donald Trump? We  will not know until the special counsel finishes his investigation. We  must do everything in this body--and this point is central to what we  are saying today--to protect the special counsel against the continuing  onslaught and assault from Donald Trump's cronies and surrogates on the  far right--the fringe of the Republican Party--who are seeking to  discredit the special counsel investigation; indeed, talking about  impeaching Ron Rosenstein and demanding documents involved in that  investigation. We must now pass the Special Counsel Independence and  Integrity Act.   If Donald Trump is serious and he believes that the Russians, in  fact, interfered with our democracy, what he will do now is implement  the sanctions that were made mandatory on Russia. He has violated his  duty by continuing to avoid imposing them. He will authorize the Cyber  Command to take aggressive measures--not simply defensive--and  penetrate and disrupt the systems of cyber within Russia that are used  against us. He will authorize the exposure and revelation of Russian  oligarchs' and Vladimir Putin's wealth around the world, hidden and  concealed--the result of their corruption in Russia. He himself can  undertake these measures.   If the Senate is serious about protecting the United States, it will  order that the transcripts and notes and any documents and the security  team who attended that summit come to the Congress in a closed briefing  and eventually an open one, under oath, so the American people can  know. They should be required to provide whatever they know about what  happened in that private meeting so that we know what happened and the  implications of what happened are truly known.   Just yesterday, the Department of Justice issued a criminal complaint  against Maria Butina. It followed indictments against 12 Russian  individuals. Maria Butina is a Russian agent who worked through the NRA  to influence and corrupt our political system--again, part of the  Russian attack on this country. We need to hold hearings now to know  whether Russia has been using organizations like the NRA and other  shell companies to illegally funnel money into our election.   I will close where I began. These issues transcend partisanship. They  ought to be put above the everyday issues that concern us. We cannot  say that we weren't warned. The failure to act and act now to hold  Russia accountable, to make them pay a price, to show them that we will  not tolerate--nor will our allies--this kind of interference in our  elections will mean they will do it again. History will judge us  harshly.   Our allies were never more important than now. They are victims of  the same kind of attack. Rather than trashing and beating them, as  President Trump has done, we should bring them to our side and express  to them, as this Senate did by a 97-to-2 vote, that we are committed to  NATO and that if one of us is attacked, all of us are attacked. In  fact, almost all of us are under attack right now.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor    Mr. President, first of all, I want to say how  honored and grateful I am to follow my friend and distinguished  colleague, who has outlined some of the reasons that I would vote  against this nominee. I especially respect his raising this issue of  the blue-slip approval process, which is probably unknown to the vast  majority of Americans.   Let me begin by saying, as a member of the Judiciary Committee, as a  litigator who has spent about 40 years in the courtroom before Federal  and State judges of all kinds all over the country, why the blue slip  from a U.S. Senator matters to justice.   We debated this issue on the Judiciary Committee. It is a time- honored tradition that Senators be consulted, that they return a blue  slip; that is, approval of a nominee from their State. That is because  Senators, such as Senator Merkley and Senator Wyden, are rooted in  their States. They know the lawyers. Many of us are lawyers. They know  the colleagues of people who may be nominated to the U.S. district  court or the court of appeals in the jurisdictions that cover the areas  that they serve. They know the lawyers who have appeared before these  judges--their qualifications and sometimes their faults. Also, they  know the opinions of these lawyers, their records in court, and how  they have performed. They know their character, their integrity, and  they know their records outside of the courtroom as well.   You have just heard tonight from Senator Merkley some statements that  are extraordinarily revealing. The American people deserve to know  them, and my colleagues deserve and need to consider them.   For generations, the blue-slip process has ensured that judges are  well-suited for the States where they will preside. The majority's  decision to ignore this process and, for the first time--very, very  significantly--to ignore it with respect to both Senators from a State  is a precedent that is profoundly damaging to this institution and to  American justice.   It isn't about us. It isn't about our prerogatives or our pride. It  isn't about our hurt feelings or our sense of insult. The sun will rise  tomorrow on all of us in this Chamber, and we will go on to do the  business of this Nation, but for many people who will go into a  courtroom where Ryan Bounds may preside, they will experience a lesser  standard of justice than they deserve, a lesser standard of justice  than most judges provide. They deserve better. They are ultimately the  losers, not we. It is not about us. The American people are the losers  if we destroy this principle and norm that Senators must approve  nominees who are from their own State.   Only rarely, very rarely, is a fraction of the nominees found  unacceptable by the Senators from their States. In my experience, in my  8 years here, I think there have been maybe a few, and with good  reason. But this President shows that no principle is safe and no norm  is inviolate in the rightwing fringe's campaign to remake the Federal  judiciary and to remake it in the image of the far right in this  country.   They have an ideological agenda and no respect for quality in  deciding who will serve on the judiciary. Those groups that are trying  to remake the court of appeals and the Federal district courts--that  is, to remake judges at the lower level--whether it is the Federalist  Society or the Heritage Foundation, are also responsible for the  President's decision to make himself a puppet of their recommendations,  letting them pick judges who meet their anti-choice and anti-healthcare  litmus tests.   Those tests really are President Trump's test. He said: I am going to  appoint judges who are pro-life. He berated the Chief Justice because  he was responsible for upholding the Affordable Care Act and clearly  showed that he would appoint judges who would strike it down.   His decision to pick a Supreme Court Justice nominee who believes  that the President should be above the law perhaps should surprise no  one, but his outsourcing of that decision to those same rightwing  groups that are trying to remake the lower courts is truly  unprecedented. He has become a puppet of those groups in all of his  judicial nominees and most particularly in his Supreme Court nominee.   I know my colleagues will want to speak tonight about Ryan Bounds and  other related issues, but let me just say about Judge Brett Kavanaugh  of the Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit that he has shown that he  meets the Trump litmus test because he has been vetted and screened by  those rightwing groups. He has shown that he would automatically  overturn Roe v. Wade and that he would, in fact, strike down  significant protections--indeed, protections for millions of Americans  under the Affordable Care Act--from preexisting conditions.   He also believes that a President can refuse to comply with a law if  he believes it is unconstitutional--if he  [[Page S5012]]  alone believes it is unconstitutional--even if the law was duly passed  by Congress and upheld by the courts. He has written: ``Under the  Constitution, the President may decline to enforce a statute that  regulates private individuals when the President deems the statute  unconstitutional, even if a court has held or would hold the statute  constitutional.''    Judge Kavanaugh has also written that the President should be immune  from even investigation for criminal or civil wrongdoing. Under his  view, a President could not be investigated or indicted, could not be  held accountable under the law, and would not have to respond to a  civil suit or a subpoena or a request to be investigated by law  enforcement. That is the rule he believes should be adopted.   It is clear from Judge Kavanaugh's position on Executive power that  he is a staunch supporter of, in effect, an imperial Presidency. He  believes a President is above the law and immune from checks and  balances. This view is antithetical to our democratic principles and  tradition. It is in keeping with Donald Trump's view of the Presidency.  It is out of sync with what our democracy needs now, especially with  this President.   President Trump has repeatedly expressed his admiration of dictators  like Kim Jong Un or Vladimir Putin. His apologists will tell us to  ignore Judge Kavanaugh's view of Executive power--pretend like they  don't exist--but we have a responsibility to consider them, to take  into account these extreme views on Executive power. They must be a  central issue in this confirmation battle.   He would, in effect, welcome legislation enabling the President to  fire a special counsel for any reason or no reason at all, and if we  have learned anything over the last 24 hours, it is that the special  counsel's investigation must be protected. It must be protected against  the concerted and coordinated, concentrated effort of the Trump  surrogates and cronies to discredit or derail it. It must be protected  against efforts to impeach Rod Rosenstein. It must be protected against  the President's own threats, continuing to call it a witch hunt, when  we see more and more in indictments and convictions that it is real and  significant. Donald Trump cannot be permitted to derail it.   We will talk again about Judge Kavanaugh.   As to Ryan Bounds, the decision is for now, and because he has been  rightly denied approval through the blue-slip process, because the  abandonment of that process does such grave potential damage to  American justice, and because Ryan Bounds is unfit by virtue of many of  his views and past statements to serve on the Federal bench, I will  oppose and vote against him.   I yield the floor.   