 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, this afternoon, I wish to talk about  the brave men and women in law enforcement who are protecting us every  single day. I am from Ohio. We are proud of our Ohio law enforcement.  We are proud of the leadership that many Ohio law enforcement have had  at a national level over the years. In fact, right now, the vice  president of the Fraternal Order of Police is an officer from Marion,  OH.   Unfortunately, in Ohio we have had some tragic incidences over the  past several years of law enforcement officials doing their job and  coming into a dangerous situation--injuries, shootings, and even the  loss of the lives of several officers earlier this year.   This week is called Police Week. It is the week in which we take a  moment to stop and remember those officers and talk about them.   Today, I join my colleagues here in the Senate in cosponsoring  legislation that is a resolution that commemorates this week as Police  Week. Although every single day we should be grateful to those police  officers who are out there in the Buckeye State--my home State--and  others, this week is the time to really focus on them, to focus on the  sacrifices and reflect on their bravery, what they do every day in  committing themselves to protecting our communities, often risking  their own safety to protect others. Sometimes we talk about this as the  thin blue line, which is that thin blue line between chaos and order.  They are those police officers on that thin blue line--the men and  women in blue--who are out there, protecting us from that chaos.   Police officers are driven by a dedication to justice and a sense of  duty to protect those in need. The police officers whom I know have big  hearts. They are compassionate. I sometimes tell them they are as much  social workers as police officers because of the work they do. This is  particularly true with the opioid crisis and the number of police  officers who are engaged in that issue--in trying to get people into  treatment, in trying to deal with the problem that, in my State, is out  of control.   The No. 1 cause of crime in our communities is the opioid crisis.  Typically, it is somebody who is committing a crime--whether it is a  burglary or fraud or shoplifting--to pay for a drug habit. Police  officers are often in a position in which they need to step in and  provide law enforcement but also to aid in getting people the help they  need.   Let me give a specific example of what I mean when I say that police  officers put themselves on the line for us constantly. Over the  weekend, I received a call--or an email--on Saturday about a police  officer in Ohio who was injured in the line of duty. He is a Franklin  County deputy. I am not going to use his name tonight because, for  privacy purposes, his name is not out there, but he is a good example  of what happens virtually every day in communities around the country.   He was pulling somebody over for a traffic citation, for a traffic  violation. He was running the tag, and he noticed that the person was  wanted for violating a protection order after a domestic assault  charge. The person didn't pull over. In fact, the car led the officer  on a very dangerous police chase through the streets of Franklin  County, which is near Columbus, OH. Finally, the chase ended when the  suspect's car crashed. Luckily, he didn't kill anybody else when he  crashed that car. Then a shoot-out ensued, and in that shoot-out, the  police officer was injured. He did return fire, and when he returned  fire, the suspect was shot and killed. This deputy has been treated in  a hospital for his injuries. He is now listed in stable condition,  thank God.   This just happened last weekend. Again, it is an example of what the  men and women in blue confront every single day. We are grateful for  the bravery and quick action of that Franklin County deputy. I am also  encouraged about what we are hearing about the deputy's condition as of  this afternoon. We send him our prayers.   This was just one example. Sadly, in many cases around the country,  unfortunately, these officers are making the ultimate sacrifice in the  line of duty.   In Akron, OH, just last week, the FOP Lodge No. 7 held its annual  memorial service for 26 Akron police officers who have given their  lives. There are a few hundred people there, as I understand it, who  provide a commemoration of this event every year. I appreciate that  they do that. There will be similar memorials and moments of  remembrance across the country this week. Of course, there is a big one  here in Washington, DC. Sadly, in my home State of Ohio, we have no  shortage of police officers whose bravery deserves more than we can  ever do to repay it.   Earlier this year, there were two heroic Ohioans who lost their lives  in the line of duty. On Saturday, February 10, Westerville, OH, police  officers Anthony ``Tony'' Morelli and Eric Joering were both fatally  shot. They were responding to a 911 call--again, for domestic assault.  They arrived and were immediately shot at. These were two amazing  officers. Tony Morelli was a 29-year veteran at the Westerville Police  Department. Eric Joering was a 16-year veteran. He was also a K-9  officer who partnered with his dog, Sam.   Both of these men were beloved and respected by members of the  Westerville community. I had the opportunity to meet with some of their  fellow officers and colleagues and to talk with them about these men  and what they were like. What kept coming back was their incredible  sense of public service and great senses of humor. They knew what they  were doing was dangerous; yet they felt strongly about doing it and  being dedicated to it.   I also had the opportunity to meet with the officers' wives and kids  and families to be able to express our thanks from all of us for the  service that their husbands and fathers had given. On behalf of this  body, I presented both families with flags that had been flown over the  U.S. Capitol in honor of their courage and their sacrifice while  protecting the people of Ohio.   These families, like other police families I have gotten to know over  the years, are just amazing. Their strength is inspiring. In their  grief--and it is profound grief--they also told me how proud they were  of the service these men performed for all of us and said that these  two officers wouldn't have had it any other way. They wanted to be  police officers.   The dangers law enforcement officers face have increased in the past  few years with the deepening of the opioid crisis and specifically with  the growing influx of synthetic opioids, like fentanyl. Let me give one  quick example of this.   East Liverpool has a police officer named Chris Green. Last year,  Officer Green pulled a car over. There were two people in the car. He  pulled up and noticed some white, powdery substance. Fortunately for  him, he had  [[Page S2637]]  put on gloves and a mask. He realized that this substance was fentanyl,  which, by the way, is 50 times more powerful than heroin. He booked  them and took them down to the station. While he was down at the  station, he looked at his shirt and he saw a couple of flecks of  something, a few white flecks on his shirt. So, as anybody might do, he  reached over with his hand, like this, and just brushed these flecks  off his shirt. Unfortunately, the flecks were fentanyl. Three flecks  touched his skin. He immediately overdosed. He was unconscious on the  floor. He was given Narcan not once, not twice, but four times. He was  taken to the hospital and finally woke up at the hospital. He is a big  guy, by the way, and is in good shape. That shows how powerful and  deadly these drugs are.   That is a danger our police officers are running into every day. His  police chief said he would probably have not made it if they had not  been there, because he had overdosed right there in the police station,  but they had gotten him to the emergency room. Think if he had gone  home after not having brushed off those flecks and had hugged his kids.  That is what our police officers go through every single day.   The incredibly dangerous nature of these drugs threatens not only  police officers, of course, but other first responders who come into  contact with these deadly substances. It also threatens the K-9  sniffing dogs, the drug sniffing dogs, that come into contact with it.  That is one reason we have to pass the STOP Act, by the way, and do  other things that law enforcement strongly supports to stop some of  this poison from coming into our communities.   Law enforcement officers share an unbreakable bond. In response to  the tragic deaths of Officers Morelli and Joering, the police community  and the people of Central Ohio--frankly, across the Nation--have  stepped up in big ways to support and assist these two families with a  beautiful parade in downtown Columbus and a lot of support for the  kids. That is exactly the way it should be.   We hold these families up in prayer, like those 26 officers  remembered in Akron, like the Morellis and the Joernings. We take a  moment this week to reflect on the sacrifices police officers and their  families make on a daily basis for all of us.   I am honored to be here on the floor this evening to thank these  police officers and their families. I look forward to seeing them here  in Washington this week and in letting them know that, in this Chamber,  in this Congress, and in this country, we appreciate what they do, that  we are grateful for their service, and that we understand their  sacrifices.   I yield the floor.   