 Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from  Alabama for his remarks.   I come to the floor to discuss bipartisan legislation that he and I,  as he said, plan to introduce as soon as next week to encourage the  Trump administration to reconsider the dangerous steps it is taking to  impose tariffs on imported automobiles and automotive parts.   I use the word ``dangerous'' because nothing has done more during the  last 40 years to raise family incomes in Tennessee than the arrival of  the auto industry, and nothing could do more damage to those family  incomes than the proposed tariffs on imported automobiles and  automotive parts, combined with the tariffs on imported steel and  aluminum that the administration has already imposed.   We have heard the Senator from Alabama talk about his State. In my  view, Tennessee is more likely to be hurt than any other State by these  tariffs. Let me tell a short story to explain why I would make such a  dramatic statement.   Forty years ago, I walked 1,000 miles across Tennessee in my campaign  for Governor. In Rutherford County, outside Nashville, I spent the  night with the Knight family. Mrs. Knight told me that her twin boys  were bright but that she was sad because, as she put it, there are no  jobs around here. She said: They are smart boys, and they will never  get a job here, and I will never see my grandchildren.   Forty years ago, there were no auto jobs in Tennessee. We were the  third poorest State. Our family incomes were the third lowest. Our low- paying textile jobs were fleeing outside of our country. Unemployment  and inflation were high, and prospects were bleak. Then in 1980--just 2  years after that walk, when I was the Governor of Tennessee--Nissan  from Japan arrived and came to Rutherford. Then General Motors, with  Saturn, came to Spring Hill. Then Volkswagen came to Chattanooga. All  had large manufacturing plants.   As the American automobile industry moved to the Southeastern United  States, more than 900 auto part suppliers spread across 88 of  Tennessee's 95 counties. Today, 136,000 Tennesseans--or one-third of  our manufacturing workforce--work in those auto plants. Those auto jobs  have become the main driver of family incomes, which have now risen to  a little above the national average. Our economy is booming, and  unemployment is at a record low.   Today, Tennessee produces 6.7 percent of all of the cars and trucks  produced in the United States. Tennessee exported more than $5.5  billion worth of automobiles and auto parts last year. Tennessee has  been the top State in auto manufacturing strength for 5 out of the last  8 years, according to Business Facilities.   Let me get back to my little story. Last year, one of those bright  twins from Rutherford County--the Knight family--where I spent the  night 40 years ago, Randy Knight, retired as the general manager of the  Nissan plant, which is the largest and most efficient auto plant in  North America. His brother works there, too, and so does one of those  grandchildren whom the grandmother thought she would never see.   You can see why Tennesseans become very worried when anything  threatens the auto industry that has transformed our State. Here is why  the proposed tariffs do that.   As the Senator from Alabama said, tariffs are taxes. Tariffs are  taxes on us, pure and simple. They make what we buy and sell more  expensive. The laws of economics usually say that when you make what  you buy and sell more expensive, you buy and sell less of it. If we  sell fewer automobiles and automotive parts, there will be lower  revenues, lower profits, fewer wage increases, and fewer jobs.   Since almost every one of the 900 auto part suppliers use steel and  aluminum, lower revenues and smaller profits mean fewer wage increases  and fewer jobs for the 136,000 Tennesseans who work in the more than  900 auto plants in our State. More expensive cars means fewer people in  the United States buy those cars and fewer people overseas buy those  cars--the cars we make. Fewer people buying cars and trucks means that  136,000 Tennesseans in America's No. 1 auto State are going to have a  lower standard of living than they otherwise would and lower family  incomes.   Why in the world would our government raise our taxes and destroy our  jobs in this way? Well, the government's answer is that tariffs protect  jobs in the steel and aluminum industry.   It is true that some steel and aluminum jobs might be saved, but in  2003, when President George W. Bush proposed steel tariffs, there were  about 10 times as many people working in the steel-using industries as  there were in steel-producing industries. Let me say that again. There  were more people working in the steel-using industry than there were in  the steel-producing industry.   President Bush dropped the idea after a year because the tariffs  destroyed, as  [[Page S5031]]  I said, more jobs in other industries, including the automotive  industry, than they saved in the steel-producing industry.   I know something about the aluminum industry. My dad worked most of  his life at Alcoa's Tennessee aluminum smelting plant, which closed a  few years ago because electricity was so much cheaper in other parts of  the world. You use electricity--lots of it--to smelt aluminum. That is  why those plants came to East Tennessee more than a century ago. But  electric prices in the United States gradually rose over that century,  and are still cheaper in other parts of the world. So today there are  only eight smelting plants left in the United States. Seven of them are  still in operation. Alcoa operates four and makes 46 percent--nearly  half--of all of the aluminum produced in the United States. Alcoa  opposes the aluminum tariffs because it also operates smelting plants  in Canada and other countries that export aluminum to the United  States.   The bottom line is this: The largest U.S. producer of aluminum,  Alcoa, doesn't want the aluminum tariffs. The thousands of auto plants  and other plants that use aluminum don't want the aluminum tariffs. So  who is asking for the aluminum tariffs?   A second reason justifying tariffs is that other countries may have  been unfair to the United States. There may be examples of that, but  when did it become a good idea to solve your own problem by shooting  yourself in both feet at once? It is hard to see how raising our taxes  and destroying our jobs is a smart solution to unfair trade practices.   Then there is the question of whether tariffs help autoworkers.  Raising taxes and prices and selling fewer cars wouldn't seem to help  the American autoworker.   Will it cause foreign companies to build more cars in the United  States? Well, that is already happening.   The foreign manufacturers have been doing exactly what we asked them  to do. They have moved here. They produce cars and trucks here. They  export many of those cars and trucks and auto parts to other countries.  Today, about half the cars being built in America are being built by  the so-called foreign manufacturers. Nissan's plant in Rutherford  County employs 8,000 Tennesseans and is the largest and most efficient  auto plant in North America.   I was with President Trump last year when he spoke in Michigan about  all the autoworker jobs leaving the Midwest. Since 1994, 3.6 million of  those jobs have left the Midwest, but they didn't go overseas; they  moved to Tennessee and Alabama and other parts of the Southeastern  United States, which gained 3.6 million auto jobs during the same  period. Those new auto plants are in Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia,  Mississippi, South Carolina, Kentucky, and Texas. Those are all States  where the President is widely admired and States that he carried  heavily in his election effort.   Those plants moved primarily to the Southeast because our part of the  country offered right-to-work laws and an environment that allowed  companies to make quality cars at a lower cost and sell them  competitively here in the United States and around the world. In fact,  my own view is that the movement of the American auto industry to the  Southeast saved the American auto industry because where it was 25, 30,  or 40 years ago was stuck in the Midwest in an oligopoly where the  United Automobile Workers and three big companies were producing big,  expensive cars, and the little foreign cars were coming in and eating  their lunch in the marketplace. So now we have strong and effective  American auto plants in the Midwestern United States and in the  Southeastern United States, and half of them are made by so-called  foreign manufacturers.   I agree with President Trump on many things--taxes, judges,  regulations, the economy, Keystone Pipeline, and others. He has helped  create today's booming economy and low unemployment. I give him credit  for helping to do that, but these tariffs take us in exactly the  opposite direction.   These tariffs are dangerous. These tariffs are going to cost us jobs.  These tariffs are going to lower our family incomes. These tariffs are  going to undo much of the good the President and this Congress have  done during the last year and a half to create this booming economy.   I respectfully suggest that the President reconsider his trade  policy, drop the tariffs as a tool for implementing his objectives, and  find other, more effective means to persuade other countries to do for  us what we do for them.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   