 Mr. President, today in the Senate we were faced with two  opportunities to side with cancer patients over insurance companies. In  our country, almost everybody would say that we ought to side with the  cancer patients over the insurance companies, but the Senate failed  again in both cases. Let me explain.   Today, as we considered this, we wanted to make clear whose side we  are on. The side the Senate chose, and it looks like the Judiciary  Committee chose, is not the side of patients.   This morning, I testified at the Judiciary Committee's hearing on the  White House's two nominees to the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals, Chad  Readler and Eric Murphy. Both of these men have a troubling record of  stripping Ohioans of their rights, and Mr. Readler's actions on  healthcare are particularly threatening to millions of Americans--not  just the 5 million Ohioans who have preexisting conditions but millions  of Americans with preexisting conditions. Five million Ohioans under  age 65, as I said, have preexisting conditions. That is half the  population in my State.   Because of the Affordable Care Act, these Ohioans can rest a little  easier, knowing they can't be turned down for health coverage or have  their rates skyrocket because their child has asthma or their husband  has diabetes or their wife has been diagnosed with breast cancer. Mr.  Readler is willing to take that peace of mind away and throw those  families into financial chaos.   This summer, he did what three career attorneys with the Department  of Justice refused to do. He filed a brief challenging the law that  protects Americans with preexisting conditions. The next day, the White  House appointed him to a Federal circuit court judgeship. Filing this  brief earned him rebukes from across the legal community. Three  attorneys withdrew from the case, and one actually resigned in  objection to the Department of Justice's unprecedented action.   Our Republican Senate colleague from Tennessee, Mr. Alexander, called  the brief ``as far-fetched as any [he has] ever heard.'' Mr. Readler  had no problem putting his name right at the top and filing it.   We should not be putting on the bench for life anyone who puts  partisanship ahead of cancer patients or ahead of people with diabetes  or ahead of someone with high blood pressure or ahead of Americans'  healthcare.   Unfortunately, the White House is also chipping away at the ability  of Ohioans with preexisting conditions to get affordable coverage that  actually covers their conditions. Again, we are talking about 5 million  Ohioans, tens of millions of Americans. You can talk about anxiety and  autism. You can talk about heart disease or heartburn, cholesterol,  stroke, thyroid issues. We are talking about families. We are talking  about neighbors. We are talking about some of the people in this body.   Everyone here, by the way, takes care of themselves. We all have good  health insurance. We don't mind, apparently, denying it to millions of  others.   Some Senators think it is fine to let insurance companies sell junk  to our constituents back home. These insurance policies are just that:  They are junk. They are insurance until you need the insurance.  Allowing insurance companies to sell these plans drives up healthcare  for everyone. They weaken protection for anyone with a preexisting  condition.   Under their new rules, insurance companies could force Americans with  preexisting conditions into these junk plans--and ``junk'' is the right  word--that barely cover anything. They can charge exorbitant,  unaffordable rates for a decent plan.   Half of my colleagues--exactly half--voted for Senator Baldwin's  motion. Senator Baldwin, from Wisconsin, has been a hero on this. Half  of my colleagues--all with health insurance paid for by taxpayers--have  told the people: Sorry, you are on your own. We are letting the  insurance companies do whatever they want--rip you off, hike up your  costs. That is the way it goes.   It all comes down to whose side you are on. Chad Readler, the  President's nomination for the Sixth Circuit, has made it clear: He  stands with insurance companies, not with cancer patients. The  administration has made it clear: They stand with insurance companies,  not kids with asthma.   Today, the Senate chose to stand with those insurance companies over  their constituents who need prescription medicines.   