 Mr. President, the discussion today is about the opioid  crisis, one of the most serious public health crises I have seen in my  adult life, certainly in the State of Maine. It is an enormous problem  across the country, particularly in rural areas. In my State, we are  losing more than one person a day to an overdose death. That is an  epidemic by anybody's definition.   There are few rays of hope in this rather bleak picture. The numbers  continue to get worse. More and more families are being devastated by  this crisis, and there aren't many answers being provided. There is,  however, one ray of hope this bill we are going to be discussing and  voting on this afternoon does provide, and that is, treatment works;  recovery is possible.   I was at a rally in Portland, ME, just a week ago, with people of all  ages from all over the State who were there to publicly say: I am in  recovery. It works. Treatment saved my life. I think that is what is so  important about continuing the work we have done in this body.   The problem is, treatment, particularly in rural areas, is short on  infrastructure. It is short on people who can deliver the treatment. We  can fund programs and talk about them here, but if you are talking  about a rural county--about Milo, ME, in Piscataquis County, you are  not talking about a tremendous amount of available infrastructure, but  there is available an army of people who can contribute to the solution  of this problem.   The people I am talking about are nurse practitioners. Nurse  practitioners are, in many ways, among the unsung heroes in the  healthcare discussion--particularly, again, in rural areas where there  aren't a lot of physicians. Nurse practitioners were enabled in the  CARA bill to provide medicine-assisted treatment, but the problem is,  that authority expires in 2021. Therefore, we need to fix that. It is  working. It is an important part of our ability to deliver these  lifesaving services. In Maine, we have nurse practitioners who are  ready, willing, and more than able, and they have proven that, to  deliver these lifesaving services--1,700 of them in the State of Maine.   Unfortunately, the bill we are going to be voting on this afternoon  does not have this extension in it. I am here this afternoon to urge  those who are going to be supporting the bill, and then working on it  in conference with the other body, to see that this small change-- giving the authority for nurse practitioners to deliver medically  assisted treatment to those people suffering and trapped in the throes  of addiction--allowing those nurse practitioners to have that  authority, to not have it expire in 2021 and create the anxiety, both  in the patient community and in the medical community, that termination  will create.   Let's, for once, do something before it is a deadline. Let's do it  now. I believe we can do it as part of this discussion, as part of the  final resolution of the bill that is going to be before us this  afternoon, which I entirely support. I think this is an important  addition that will strengthen it, and it will particularly strengthen  the ability to deliver this care, this treatment that is so important  to so many people and families and communities, particularly in the  smaller towns of rural areas of America and in my State of Maine.   So I rise to support the bill but also to suggest this small change  that I think will dramatically increase the effectiveness of the  treatment the bill enables and will allow it to be delivered in an  equitable and direct and important way to people all across the  country--no matter where they live, no matter what the status of their  health infrastructure is--because, as I say, nurse practitioners are an  army of people who are ready, willing, and able to deliver this  service.   I hope we can make this one modification to this bill that will allow  that service to be provided not only between now and 2021 but on into  the indefinite future when, hopefully, we can rid the country of the  scourge of this terrible opioid and drug addiction.   I believe this is something we can and should do. I look forward to  working with my colleagues to make this happen.   I yield the floor.   