 Mr. President, the Director of the Central Intelligence  Agency is not as old an office as some others in the President's  Cabinet, but it is no less important. The Director's job is to provide  the critical information on which the President's national security  decisions are based. For this reason, Presidents of both parties have  chosen seasoned statesmen to serve this post, men like Allen Dulles,  George H.W. Bush, Bob Gates, and Mike Pompeo. Out of respect for the  CIA's integrity and professionalism, they often kept in office  Directors who had been appointed by their predecessors. That is because  partisanship has no place at the CIA.   The national interest must be uppermost in our minds, which is why I  will be voting to confirm Gina Haspel as our next CIA Director.  Secretary Pompeo left the Agency in good shape, and Ms. Haspel was his  very capable Deputy. Moreover, few people have contributed as much to  the CIA's recent successes as Ms. Haspel. She has 33 years of  experience working for the Agency, serving first on the frontlines of  the Cold War and later on the frontlines of the War on Terror. If  confirmed, she would also be the first woman to lead the Agency.   Given her many accomplishments, her diligence, dedication, and her  fierce love of country, I am astonished and disappointed at the  controversy over the nomination of this great American. After all, Ms.  Haspel is a career professional whose record of achievement speaks for  itself.   She joined the Agency in 1985, working as a case officer for several  years in both Africa and Europe. Over time, she rose up the ranks,  serving first as Chief of Staff and then as Deputy Director of the  Directorate of Operations. She served as Chief of Station--the officer  responsible for overseeing all of the CIA's work in a foreign country-- four different times.   Having served under six different Presidents from both parties, Ms.  Haspel has never been a partisan. She is a professional whose many  years of work command respect throughout the CIA. She has never avoided  controversy to protect her own career.   Time and again, Ms. Haspel sought out danger. She raised her right  hand and volunteered for some of the Agency's most dangerous  assignments.   It was on September 11, 2001, after seeing the first plane hit the  World  [[Page S2758]]  Trade Center on television, that she walked into the CIA's  Counterterrorism Center and said: Put me on the job. She didn't have to  do that. As she said, she could have hidden out on the Swiss desk, but  she didn't. She took on what she knew would be a tough and  controversial job. That is the kind of woman Gina Haspel is.   It is true that because of her willingness to take on a tough job,  she was present for some of the most difficult decisions about how to  protect America in the days after 9/11. Yes, she was around when the  Agency was responsible for the detention and interrogation of notorious  terrorists, but there has been so much misinformation spread about what  she did that I want to set the record straight.   Ms. Haspel didn't start this program. She didn't even know it existed  until a year after it began. In fact, Nancy Pelosi learned about this  program before Gina Haspel did.   She did not ``cheerlead'' the program, as some Senators have wrongly  claimed based on a book--the author of which later issued a correction  on this very point.   Other Senators claim they are worried about the message that would be  sent by confirming Ms. Haspel. I confess, I am amazed that these  Democrats say they can't in good conscience vote on the confirmation of  Ms. Haspel, who was a midlevel employee when the program was active,  yet they voted in 2013 to confirm John Brennan, who was the No. 4  ranking official at that time.   While I am at it, let me also say that she did not destroy any tapes  of those interrogations; she simply wrote the draft cable for her boss,  the Director of Operations, which authorized their destruction. He  released the cable, he has acknowledged, without her advance knowledge.  In fact, the former Acting Director of the CIA, Mike Morrell, later  conducted an investigation and cleared Ms. Haspel of any wrongdoing,  and the special counsel who reviewed the matter closed the case without  filing any charges.   Would holding her responsible for drafting a cable at her boss's  direction make any more sense than holding Senate staffers responsible  for the boring speeches their bosses give on the Senate floor?   Yes, I know there are political officials in the government who had  expressed reservations about destroying those tapes, but no lawyer at  any time, anywhere in the government, said there was a legal  prohibition against their destruction. Moreover, there is a clear,  written record of those very events.    On these matters, it is not enough to express reservations. CIA  officers in the field deserve a clear answer, yes or no.   If anyone was to blame, it wasn't Ms. Haspel or her boss; it was  politicians who didn't want to take the heat for a controversial  decision either way.   So what is really at issue here? What message will we send if we  reject her nomination? Not that we oppose torture. That is silly. We  all oppose torture. The United States does not torture, and it has  never tortured, despite overwrought claims to the contrary.   In fact, I would ask what message we will be sending to the men and  women of the CIA if we don't confirm her or, for that matter, what  message the overwhelming Democratic opposition to her nomination sends  them. Does anyone doubt that if President Obama or a President Hillary  Clinton had nominated Ms. Haspel, she would easily have received 80 or  90 votes?   The message, I would submit, is this: Be careful. If you participate  in a program that the Commander in Chief has approved, that the  Congress has been fully briefed on, that the Attorney General has  legally authorized, and that the CIA Director supports, you still may  land in the dock when a new President comes along with new lawyers. So  maybe it is better to hide out at the Swiss desk.   That is a recipe for a timid, hesitant intelligence community, and  that is a risk to us all.   I can tell you, Gina Haspel's skill and expertise are widely known  and respected on both sides of the aisle. President Obama's former CIA  Director, Leon Panetta, said that he was glad the President nominated  Ms. Haspel because she ``knows the CIA inside-out.'' Another one of  President Obama's CIA Directors, John Brennan, said that Ms. Haspel  ``has the experience--the breadth and depth--on intelligence issues.''  And former CIA Director Michael Hayden, who served under both  Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, has called Gina Haspel a  ``great choice'' and ``highly regarded.'' These are just three of more  than 50 former national security officials who signed a letter to the  Senate Intelligence Committee supporting her nomination.   As a member of that committee, I worked with Gina Haspel during her  time overseas and as Deputy CIA Director, and I can attest to her  professionalism, her work ethic and, most important, her character.  This is a skilled, brave, patriotic woman who will serve our country  with distinction in this most critical post. Her dedication to our  country throughout her life is complete, and that is why I will be  proud to cast my vote for the confirmation of Gina Haspel, and I urge  all Senators to do the same.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   