 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Republican tax sham.   It has been 8 months since the Republicans passed their massive,  unpaid-for tax cut without a single Democratic vote. At that time,  Democrats and independent experts warned that their so-called tax  reform plan that wasn't paid for and that was so heavily skewed to the  wealthy and big corporations would harm our economy and damage  important programs like Medicare and Social Security.   Now we are beginning to see what many of us feared coming true.  Health insurance companies in State after State are announcing higher  premiums for next year, while health coverage for those living with  preexisting conditions happens to be on the chopping block.   To make matters worse, the Medicare trustees have cut 3 years off the  life of the Medicare trust fund because of the Republican tax bill.   Think of it: This vote this morning will add $631 billion to the  national debt, on top of the $2.3 trillion that they have already  embraced with the recklessness of their tax package.   But instead of backing away from this mistake, they are doubling down  this morning. Their second round of tax cuts for the wealthy will  further compromise the future of Medicare and Social Security,  depriving seniors of the benefits that they have earned.   Today's bill will, once again, demonstrate that they are hardly the  party of fiscal rectitude or conservatism. The original tax bill, as I  noted a moment ago, adds $2.3 trillion to the debt.   So that people understand, this is all borrowed money that will go to  corporations and high-income earners, who undoubtedly will receive the  bulk of these benefits in the tax cut.   Now, Republicans want to give the most well-off and well-connected  Americans even more tax cuts with their new proposal, again,  emphasizing the following: an additional $3 trillion of debt, all based  upon borrowed money.   The Republicans are doubling down on this tax law's attack and, once  again, harming the American middle class. There is virtually nothing in  here that comes to the aid of the middle class, because they give it to  them on one hand and take it away on the other.   This proposal would make permanent the $10,000 cap on the State and  local tax deduction for individuals, even while corporations will face  no limits on their SALT deductions. This, at the same time, we should  recognize, eliminates many tax incentives and pretty important  incentives for middle class families to get ahead.   So, once again, this package, like the one before it, is being rushed  through with no hearings, with no witnesses, and with no input from  stakeholders. A rushed and lopsided process resulted in the disaster  that we voted on just weeks ago. In fact, my staff has identified more  than 100 problems with this proposal, and we are happy to share those  with any who are interested.   This provision that we are voting on today is reckless, and it is a  cut for the wealthy that leaves behind hardworking families.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Thompson), a very valued member of the Ways and Means  Committee.    A reminder, Mr. Speaker, that this is $3 trillion of  borrowed money to provide for a tax cut for the wealthy.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr.  Levin), who is a longtime and valuable member of the Ways and Means  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Danny K. Davis), who is a very valuable member of the  Ways and Means Committee and the voice of Chicago.    Mr. Speaker, a reminder, this is $3 trillion of borrowed  money for this tax plan that the Republicans are offering.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr.  Kind), who is a very important member of the Ways and Means Committee.    Mr. Speaker, a reminder that this adds $3 trillion of debt  that is all borrowed money.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr.  Blumenauer), who is a champion of all issues related to infrastructure  in America.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Pascrell).    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from New Jersey an  additional 1 minute.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Sanchez), the vice chair of the Democratic Caucus.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Doggett).    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Texas an additional  1 minute.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Alabama (Ms. Sewell).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi), the highly effective Democratic leader.    Mr. Speaker, might I inquire of the distinguished chairman  how many more speakers that he has.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close when the chairman deems  it appropriate, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am still trying to sort through the commentary of one  of the previous speakers who said that he took a call from somebody who  said: I have three or four homes, and I am not getting enough in this  tax bill.   That is the point of this. He doesn't need any tax relief. That is  the very example that we have been highlighting throughout this  morning.   Three or four homes and they are complaining they didn't get enough?  That is a remarkable comment for somebody to pass on in this Chamber.   This bill was bad on policy and it was bad on procedure. Not one  hearing on this legislation. Not one witness. So two tax bills totaling  $3 trillion of debt, all borrowed money with the promise of higher  interest rates coming from the Federal Reserve Board, and they are  suggesting that that poor fellow who must be sleeping on the grates  with three or four homes needs more tax relief. That is exactly what  this argument was about.   So the party of fiscal rectitude has now added $3 trillion of  borrowed debt to provide a tax cut for that struggling individual who  has three or four homes. Now they want to give him enough, or her  enough, to maybe get to five or six homes with the tax bill. Only  someone who believes, perhaps, in the argument of Bigfoot would then  conclude that that individual needs tax relief.   Every mainstream economist who has spoken about the debt--and this,  by the way, cost $631 billion this morning with what they are about to  do, borrowed money, added to the debt, added to our children's  responsibilities and our grandchildren's responsibilities.   And to make matters worse, Mr. Speaker, this represents a long-term  threat, now, to Social Security and Medicare, because they are going to  come back and say: Well, the debt is so high that we have to cut Social  Security and we have to cut Medicare.   They should back away from the mistake that they are making this  morning. Go back to some hearings. Go back through some process. Go  back to a conversation with both parties. Barack Obama was at 28  percent, the corporate rate. We could have found a common point of  agreement on this.   This sham is a reckless tax cut for that poor individual who has  three or four homes. But at the same time, and, simultaneously, they  leave behind the hardworking average men and women of this country.   I urge our colleagues to oppose this legislation, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6, the SUPPORT for  Patients and Communities Act, and I want to acknowledge Mr. Pallone,  Mr. Walden, and Mr. Brady, the chairman of the Ways and Means  Committee, for the good work that they have offered on this as well.   The opioid crisis is not a partisan issue. It is a health, safety,  family, community, and economic issue. Everybody in this Chamber today  has a family member or knows someone close to them who is connected to  the opioid crisis.   H.R. 6 represents the best of bipartisan and bicameral negotiation.  This is, indeed, the way policy can and should be done.   The bill includes a number of Democratic priorities to expand  treatment options for our neighbors, family members, and friends  suffering from opioid use disorders. It includes my bill, with Member  Pallone, that would require Medicare to cover opioid treatment programs  so that our Nation's seniors might have more outpatient options for  treatment.  [[Page H9245]]    Opioid use disorders are rapidly growing among Medicare  beneficiaries. In 13 States, the highest rate of opioid-related  inpatient hospital stays is amongst those over 65. This policy would  give Medicare beneficiaries increased access to a range of medication  and behavioral treatment options, leading to more hope for long-term  recovery.   I am also pleased that H.R. 6 includes the Securing the International  Mail Against Opioids Act, which would help to stop the flow of opioids  through the United States. This legislation stems from the STOP Act, a  bill that I worked on with Mr. Tiberi before his retirement earlier  this year. I want to commend him, in addition to Trade Subcommittee  Ranking Member Pascrell, for their work on this bipartisan legislation.   While the bill before us is a step in the right direction, this  epidemic is not going to turn around overnight. It needs a thoughtful,  long-term, sustainable approach that requires significant Federal  investments. H.R. 6 represents the initial step in addressing this  crisis, but it cannot be the end. Part of that long-term approach must  include protecting and strengthening Medicaid and the Affordable Care  Act.    I want to take a moment to thank the staff on both sides of the aisle  for their usual good work in this Chamber, for the weeks of hard effort  they put in bringing this bill to fruition. The effort exemplifies  bipartisan cooperation, and a particular thanks to House and Senate  legislative counsel who worked long nights and weekends to finish the  bill.   Thanks also to the CMS Office of Legislation and the staff of the  Congressional Budget Office who played a critical role in finalizing  the bill.   This is a complicated issue, and H.R. 6 is not going to solve the  public health epidemic or its impact on society at the moment, but it  certainly is a good step. I encourage all of us here in this Chamber  today and in Congress to continue to work together to develop policy  solutions for members of our community who are suffering from this  terrible epidemic.   