 Mr. Speaker, it is an honor and it is a privilege to work  with Representative Mo Brooks on the Space Subcommittee advancing our  Nation's priorities and doing our part to ensure strong leadership in  America's space program.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for this important bill.  He is a true champion of Marshall Space Flight Center, the center's  employees, and the important work they do every day to keep America  first in space.   The excitement and enthusiasm about our Government and private space  activities have been building toward a fever pitch. The fine  scientists, engineers, and technicians at Marshall Space Flight Center  have for more than half a century led the world in the development of  rocket propulsion.   This bill recognizes the impressive accomplishments of Marshall as  well as the vital, ongoing work they continue to do to ensure continued  American leadership in space.   Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to have worked on and cosponsored this  legislation with my colleague, Mr. Brooks. As our future in space looks  bolder and brighter, I am confident that the Marshall Space Flight  Center will continue to be a reliable, powerful, and dependable team  player moving this Nation forward.    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, the gentleman  from Florida, Mr. Bill Posey, for his tireless efforts in drafting the  Commercial Space Support Vehicle Act and his leadership in the Space  Subcommittee in moving this bill to the House floor today. He has  always been and continues to be one of the leading champions in  Congress for American leadership in space. I am pleased to be a  cosponsor of this bill.   Simply said, this bill will create jobs and economic growth in the  Nation's commercial spaceports, and it will streamline licensing  requirements so that our innovators in the hybrid launch vehicle market  can train future space flight crews and participants. These innovators  are at the forefront of providing aerial platforms for very important  microgravity research.   GAO recommended in its report that the FAA examine the FAA's current  regulatory framework for space support vehicles and suggest legislative  or regulatory changes as applicable. I believe H.R. 5346 provides the  appropriate regulatory approach by authorizing the Secretary of  Transportation to develop the regulations by March 1, 2019, which will  allow licensed space support flights.   