 Mr. President, I rise in strong support of the  resolution sponsored by Senators Tester and Wyden to overturn the  Treasury Department rule.   We have heard loud and clear from the American people that they are  sick and tired of the hundreds of millions of dollars of special  interest money going into our elections. They are especially sick and  tired of all of the secret dark money going into our elections.   What do I mean by that? I mean when wealthy individuals can  contribute to organizations and the American public has no idea who  those individuals are, while those organizations go on to spend  hundreds of millions of dollars to try to influence the votes of our  fellow Americans.   We have all seen those commercials that come on TV that say they are  sponsored by the Committee for a Better America, the Committee to  Support Mom and Apple Pie, and the public wants to know and has a right  to know who is spending all of that money to try to influence their  votes.   The vehicle of choice for these shadowy, dark money organizations has  been organizing their entities under section 501(c)(4) of the Internal  Revenue Code.   We will soon--probably in January but early on--we will see a bill  coming over to the Senate from the new Democratic majority in the House  of Representatives because their No. 1 priority is electoral reform,  including getting rid of secret money, making sure the public has that  right to know who is bankrolling these entities.   What the Treasury Department did took us in the opposite direction.  Currently, 501(c)(4) organizations have to report to the IRS the  information about their donors, but currently the IRS keeps that  information confidential. It does not share it with the public. We  should share it with the public, and that is what the DISCLOSE Act that  the House will pass will do.   What this Treasury rule does is it takes us in the opposite  direction. It says to those 501(c)(4)s that they no longer even have to  provide that information to the Treasury Department on a confidential  basis. So it heads in the wrong direction. It is especially outrageous  because it will take away one of the key tools the Treasury Department  has to prevent foreign money from being spent in our elections, because  right now that information is made available to the Department of the  Treasury.   If you are a 501(c)(4), you have to confidentially report who is  giving you money and how much. Now the Treasury Department says: We  don't want that information. We don't want to see anything. We don't  want to know if foreign governments are putting money into 501(c)(4)s.  We don't want to know if the primary purpose of these funds is for  electing or defeating candidates as opposed to social welfare--which is  the requirement for a 501(c)(4) organization under our law.   I think a lot of people are wondering why it is that this  administration--and now maybe the Senate--wants to actually cover up  for those who want to spend their money secretly to try to elect or  defeat candidates. One thing we know is that across the board, whether  they are Republicans or Democrats or Independents, Americans believe-- and I agree with them--that they have a right to know who is spending  all of that money to try to influence their vote. So let's pass this  resolution to overturn the Treasury rule in defense of secret money,  when we need more transparency and more accountability.   I yield the floor.   