 Mr. President, 1 day into a government shutdown, we are in  a hole as a body. I was just talking to one of my colleagues who said  we ought to spend less time worrying about who threw us in this hole or  how we ended up in this hole and more concern about getting out of it.  I hope we can dispense with the signs--``The Trump Shutdown'' or ``The  Schumer Shutdown''--and realize we are in a shutdown situation, now  let's climb out of it. There are ways to do that.   I believe we will be coming with a proposal today, and I hope we can  vote on it today--we can with consent--to move the date from the 16th  to the 8th. That would be significant. We don't need to go 4 weeks more  in this CR. We can find an agreement to get out of it, to find some  permanent solutions, some permanent funding solutions for the  government.   We can also find solutions on the DACA situation. I just want to  encourage my colleagues to not use loaded phrases as well here. I have  heard the term that we can't deal or we shouldn't deal with the illegal  alien situation right now. Who could honestly look at a child who was  brought across the border--the average age when these DACA kids were  brought across the border was the age of 6. Some of them were toddlers,  some of them were carried by their parents. Who in the world can look  at them and refer to them as illegal aliens? You can have a different  description for their parents or others who brought them across, but to  put that kind of a label on a child is just wrong, and with that kind  of loaded language, it makes it more difficult to come to a solution.   There is enough blame to go around for this shutdown on all of us. It  is a pox on all of our houses. The question should be: How do we get  out of it? I would suggest--and I think we are coming to this--that the  best way out of this is for the Senate to be the Senate again. I know  the majority leader--and I am glad he does--very jealously guards his  prerogative as the majority leader to decide what comes to the floor.  That is his right as the elected leader of the majority. I hope he will  just as jealously guard the Senate's prerogative, the congressional  prerogative. We are an equal branch of government, and to say we will  not move on a particular topic until we have agreement from the  President, when we have waited for weeks and weeks and weeks for that  kind of agreement, for that kind of nod or signal, we can't wait  anymore. Let's more jealously guard our prerogative here as  legislators, and let's bring an immigration bill to the floor.   My understanding now is, that is the agreement; that if we haven't  reached an agreement with the White House and with the other  negotiators by the 8th, by the time this next CR runs out--if we can  agree to a CR that runs to the 8th--we will bring an immigration bill  to the floor and/or we will bring a vehicle to the floor that will  allow other immigration bills to come. I happen to have been working on  a bipartisan bill. There are now seven Republicans and seven Democrats  who have signed on. That is my preference. I believe some on the  Democratic side may want to bring another one up first; that is great.  Some on the Republican side may want to bring another version up as  well--great. Sixty votes will be required, and I think we will probably  settle on one we can all agree on. We will have to. We have to get 60  votes in the Senate. I think that can be done, and that is a way  forward.   I hope at that time--there is no guarantee--but I hope the President  will, as he has said in the past, agree with what the Senate passes. I  believe we can pass a responsible measure that takes care of these DACA  kids as well as reinforces the border where we need to and takes care  of some other issues as well that the President and our leaders have  outlined. I think that can be done. It can be done today. I hope we can  have consent to move that, and I hope the President can accept that as  the will of the House or the will of the Senate and then promote that  solution.   We have until March 5 before these kids are subject to deportation.  None of these kids should be under that cloud, not knowing what they  are going to do with regard to school or work or their legal status  here. There is an urgency. For those who say there is no urgency, we  have had 6 months to deal with this, and now we are just outside of a  month before kids will start being deported. We shouldn't go further  than February 8 to actually settle this in the Senate. We can do it. We  have people who are working in good faith on both sides of the aisle.  Let's just exercise our congressional prerogative to actually  legislate. If we will do so, I am confident we can come to a solution.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I thank the Senator for yielding.   On the 5th, as I understand it, the DACA Program will no longer  apply.  [[Page S369]]  Those who have already registered, that registration will continue  until it runs out. There are some now--I think the figure is some 150 a  day--who are losing status, and there is a question about whether they  can renew. Courts have been trying to weigh in on that, and the  administration has asked the courts to finalize--asked the High Court  to.   The problem is, even if it is not deportation on March 5, there are  real questions. They can't get work permits. They will not be able to  register for school, in certain circumstances, so they are left in  limbo, and that is not fair to them.   I thank the Senator for working on a solution, and I thank him for  yielding time.   