 Mr. President, one of the greatest things about our country  is the Bill of Rights. When we passed the Constitution, many people  were fearful that if specific rights were not enumerated, they might be  taken away. I think other people said: We don't need a Bill of Rights.  Who can imagine a time when we would take away the right to trial? Who  can imagine a time when you wouldn't get a lawyer or that you could be  held indefinitely without a trial?   Some people opposed the Bill of Rights and said: We don't need this  because it is so obvious that no one in their right mind would ever  argue that an American citizen or someone apprehended or accused of a  crime in the United States would be held without limit, would be sent  to a camp in another country and held forever without a trial. None of  our Founding Fathers ever imagined that could happen.   Well, here we are at a time where just 4 or 5 years ago, this body  passed a bill that says an American citizen can be detained forever;  that an American citizen accused of a crime in the United States can be  sent to a foreign camp and held forever without trial.   When you mention this, people are incredulous. They ask: Who is the  person who would object to the Bill of Rights? Who is it who possibly  objects to the Fifth Amendment and the Sixth Amendment?   You are going to hear from that person shortly because it is one  person in the Senate who objects to the Fifth Amendment and the Sixth  Amendment applying to those who are accused of a crime in our country-- captured in our country and accused of a crime in our country. This  person would deny you a lawyer. This person believes the entire world  is a battlefield, including the United States, so we need to have  martial law in the United States. This person discounts the whole  presumption that you are presumed to be innocent until found guilty.   Why is this a problem? Well, after 9/11, we captured 119 people, and  we tortured them. Our government tortured them, but, in retrospect, we  found out that 26 out of the 119 were the wrong person.   Does anybody remember a time in our history when Black people were  lynched because they were presumed to be guilty? This is what this is  about. This is about people accused of a crime--not declared guilty,  not found guilty, but you are willing to lock them up without a trial.  I cannot think of anything more un-American.   You will hear today from the representative of the un-American  position that the Fifth and the Sixth Amendments don't apply to  everybody.   Some will say: Oh, the Fifth Amendment just applies to citizens, and  maybe we could talk about citizens but not noncitizens. The Fifth  Amendment says that no person shall be held or deprived of their  liberty or due process, which is the whole idea of going to court.  Nobody captured in this country can be deprived of that. The Sixth  Amendment says: ``In all prosecutions, the accused''--not just American  citizens but the accused.   People will say: Oh, we are talking about terrorists here, and they  are terrible people. Absolutely they are terrible people. Everybody  would want to punish the guilty terrorists, but do you want to punish  people who are only accused of terrorism?   You say: Well, it is a terrible crime. We might as well just throw  out the Constitution and throw out the Bill of Rights. Why don't we  just lock these people up or, better yet, kill them? That is the  mentality of lynching. That is the mentality of locking up all the  Japanese during World War II. Is that who we are as a people?   They will have won after 9/11 if we give up on the Bill of Rights. If  we give up on who we are, they will have won. We presume people to be  innocent. We don't lock up people because they are Japanese--not any  longer--and we don't lynch people because they are Black--not any  longer--because the Bill of Rights applies to everyone.   If you say, well, he is accused of terrorism, and he shouldn't get a  trial, or she shouldn't get a trial, we have had 386 people accused of  terrorism in our country, and every one of them has been convicted.   The man who killed 13 people in New York City the other day, if I am  on the jury, I vote to convict, but I want to hear the evidence first.  I want to know that they got the right person. I want to know that  someone saw him do it, that there is evidence--not just because he has  brown skin we are going to lock him up and lock him up forever without  a trial.   We have convicted everybody tried in the United States. We didn't  give up on who we are. Yet the law currently says--thanks to several  individuals--that you can be detained forever without a trial.   President Obama signed this law, but even President Obama knew it was  a terrible law. He said: This law, this power is so terrible that I  will never use it.   But that is not what the law is about. The law is about being so good  that even when you get a rotten person in office someday, they don't  have the power to do this. What happens if someday we elect someone who  is a bigot or someone who says that gay people should be guilty or  someone who says that Brown people or non-Christians or Christians or  homeschoolers--you name it--you can be a minority of the color of your  skin or a minority of your ideology, but we should never let the  government lock you up without a trial, without a lawyer.   The amendment I have been trying to get for 6 years simply restates  the Constitution, restates the Bill of Rights. It says that no  declaration of war will allow people apprehended in the United States  to be held without a trial. We not only can't get this passed, we can't  get a vote on it because certain individuals have such disregard for  American tradition, disregard for the presumption of innocence, and  disregard for the Bill of Rights that they object to even having a  vote. So we have been trying for 6 years to have a vote on this.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to call up  my amendment, which would forbid indefinite detention of American  citizens and others who are accused of a crime, amendment No. 2795 to  amendment No. 2282.    Mr. President, regular order.    Mr. President, I think it is important to listen to what  you heard and analyze what you heard because apparently, if you are  defined as an enemy combatant, it would be OK not to have a trial and  not to have a lawyer. You wouldn't be presumed innocent; you would be  presumed guilty. But the question you have to ask is, Who gets to  define the enemy combatant? If the government gets to define you as an  enemy combatant, is it not conceivable that you could be an enemy  combatant because you are a minority either of skin color or of  ideology? Has it happened in the past? The Japanese citizens were a  minority, but there was no evidence--no one presented any evidence that  they were a threat or had done anything wrong.   The Non-Detention Act attempted to fix this. There were people like  this back in the time of World War II. There are people like this in  every war, people who are frightened of those who would attack us, so  they want to give up the Constitution to make it simpler to get to  guilt. You don't have to have a trial; you just proclaim people guilty.  If you proclaim someone an enemy combatant, there will be no trial, but  it begs the question: Who gets to decide? Are we going to let one  person decide, or are we going to have a jury? Imagine how important  this is to our country. We should be alarmed that there are people  trying to prevent a trial by jury in our country. It hasn't been used  so far, thankfully. We have actually 386 times taken terrible, awful,  rotten people who have tried to attack us, and we tried them in courts  with juries. We presumed they were innocent. We found them guilty, and  we punished them.   See, the problem isn't about how terrible terrorists are or terrorism  is. Murderers are equally as bad. We had somebody go in a nightclub in  Orlando and kill 125 people. He is as evil as any terrorist out there.  Yet he will get a trial, not because anybody condones what he did, not  because anybody doesn't want to punish him, but we will give him a  trial because it is part of who we are. It is part of America to have  trials.   You will short-circuit America, you will short-circuit American  history if you get rid of a trial by jury, if you get rid of  presumption of innocence. It doesn't mean we have any sympathy for the  guilty, but we have to make sure we get the guilty. We can't just  prosecute people because they have brown skin, because they have black  skin, because we don't like the way they act or we don't like their  religion. That is what becomes of a country that doesn't have trials.  Look around the world. There are countries that don't have trials. That  is not who we are. We cannot be so frightened of terrorism that we are  going to presume guilt and have no trials. It will end up in tyranny.   So I ask again and again--and I won't ask it now because the Senator  from South Carolina has left, but I ask again and again, will this body  not allow a vote? This isn't even about his voting no; it is about his  objecting to even the democratic process of the Senate allowing a vote.   So America needs to know there is one opponent in the Senate who does  not believe in the Bill of Rights. When he declares you an enemy  combatant, you don't get the Fifth or Sixth Amendments. That is what  this is about. I am happy if he wants to go home and defend that, but  this is a very important debate and should not end here.   Thank you.   