 Mr. President, today I wish to speak about some specific  provisions S. 2155.   I was proud to be one of the original drafters of Dodd-Frank  legislation. We didn't get everything right in that bill. With the  benefit of 8 years of hindsight, we have been able to see what has  worked and what hasn't.   Most of what hasn't worked well has been the excessive burdens put on  community banks. The bill the Senate considered today, one that I am a  proud cosponsor of, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and  Consumer Protection Act, does a lot of good for community banks and  many regional banks by reducing some of the compliance costs these  banks face, so that they may better compete and end the phenomenon of  ``too small to survive.''   Since the crisis, however, what has worked best is increased capital  requirements and an updated capital planning regime for medium and  large-sized banks. Put simply, no amount of prudential regulation on  products or business lines can substitute for requiring banks to keep  robust capital cushions. Ensuring that banks hold significant loss  absorbing, capital is the best protection we have against the failure  of banks during a crisis. It is also the best tool we have to make sure  that even in an economic downturn, banks still have the ability to lend  to creditworthy borrowers, so that we can rebound quickly from a  downturn.   Critically, S. 2155 makes no changes to the risk-based capital regime  for regional and large banks that has been the centerpiece of the  Federal Reserve's post-crisis work.   The international Basel III capital accord was agreed by banking  regulators in 2010 to 2011. As implemented in the US, Basel III  requires a minimum Common Equity Tier 1, CET1, ratio of 4.5 percent, up  from 2 percent in Basel II. Minimum tier 1 capital increased from 4  percent in Basel II to 6 percent in Basel III, which includes  additional 1.5 percent on top of the required CET1 ratio. The U.S. has  finalized rules to implement two additional capital buffers on top of  this 6 percent baseline tier 1 capital requirement: a mandatory capital  conservation buffer, as adjusted by a risk-weighted capital surcharge  on U.S. G-SIBs, and a discretionary countercyclical buffer, which the  Fed can use to require additional capital during periods of high credit  growth.   These risk-based capital requirements, as implemented by the U.S.  banking regulators, have formed a core part of the U.S. bank regulatory  response to the financial crisis. S. 2155 changes none of these  requirements for regional and large banks.   An important complement to risk-based capital requirements is  supervisory stress testing. Stress tests help make sure that banks have  adequate capital to absorb losses and more still to lend even in a  serious recession so that they will be able to continue to lend to  households and businesses. S. 2155 did not modify the requirement that  banks larger than $250 billion must continue to undergo annual  supervisory stress tests. Regional banks between $100 billion and $250  billion must also continue to undergo what Chair Powell called before  the Banking Committee meaningful, strong, and frequent stress tests.   Let me make clear: S. 2155 uses the same language as Dodd-Frank to  describe the stress test that should apply to banks between $100  billion and $250 billion because we believe the stress tests applied to  those banks should continue to be meaningful assessments of the capital  adequacy of those institutions under severely adverse conditions. The  requirement in section 401 to conduct stress tests of those banks would  be satisfied by continuing to apply the section 165 supervisory stress  tests to those banks. We have chosen to single out stress tests for  banks between $100 billion and $250 billion because we believe it is  the most important enhanced prudential standard in section 165 of Dodd- Frank.   We believe it is prudent for the Federal Reserve to have discretion  to apply the other enumerated enhanced prudential standards in section  165 to those or a subset of those banks as part of the strong and  tailored regime that should apply to those banks going forward. Indeed,  under the bill, the Fed can apply an enhanced prudential standard to  those banks for financial stability reasons or simply to ``promote the  safety and soundness'' of a bank, which is a low standard. Although the  Fed is the entity that is best positioned to make the determination for  many enhanced prudential  [[Page S1714]]  standards, Congress believes that meaningful, strong and frequent  stress tests are non-negotiable.   Supervisory stress tests alone, however, do not set any capital  ratios or limit any capital actions by the banks. The Federal Reserve's  Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review, CCAR, framework, however,  integrates supervisory stress testing with risk-based capital  requirements to assess the overall capital adequacy of banks, making it  the most important supervisory tool the Federal Reserve has for larger  banks. Specifically, CCAR requires evaluations of whether each bank's  capital provides an adequate buffer for the losses that would be  incurred during the stress scenarios, whether its risk management and  capital planning processes are appropriately well-developed and  governed and how its dividend or buyback plans could affect its ability  to remain viable in stressed conditions. The Federal Reserve may  object--and has objected--to a capital plan based on quantitative or  qualitative concerns. If it does, the bank is not permitted to make any  capital distribution without Fed authorization.   The Federal Reserve, without direction from Congress, has taken  actions under both former Chair Yellen and Chair Powell to refine the  CCAR process to reduce regulatory burdens. For example, in 2016, the  Fed announced that smaller banks subject to CCAR would not need to be  subject to the same qualitative requirements as larger, more complex  banks. That was a sensible change.   Congress has shown it knows how to exercise its article I prerogative  in many places in S. 2155 to adjust, tailor, and modify thresholds for  applicability for rules that apply to banks that have $50 billion or  more in assets, but Congress has not made any changes to CCAR in S.  2155. The omission of CCAR and the capital plan rule from the changes  that S. 2155 has made to section 165 and some regulations affecting  some banks is intentional and reflects the continued importance this  Congress places upon the continued existence of a robust CCAR process  and the premise that the Fed will continue to use this most important  supervisory tool appropriately.   That covers risk-based capital, but let me reiterate a point I made  in my prior floor speech on this bill, about the importance of the  leverage ratio. Basel III requires 3 percent tier 1 capital divided by  the bank's average total consolidated assets. The U.S. implementation  goes further and requires a minimum leverage ratio of 6 percent for  SIFI banks and 5 percent for their bank holding companies. That is  generally a good thing. One of the many lessons of the financial crisis  was that regulators and bankers alike should approach risk modeling  with a degree of humility. A strong leverage ratio is an important  backstop to risk-based requirements that depend on banks and  regulators' abilities to predict the future.   Current and former Federal Reserve officials from Governor Tarullo,  to former Chair Volcker, and former Chair Yellen, to Chair Powell have  said that the leverage ratio should in general not be the binding  capital constraint for banks, as it tends to be for the custody banks  today. The leverage ratio is meant to be, in the words of Jay Powell,  ``an important backstop to the risk-based capital framework,'' but  noted that ``it is important to get the relative calibrations of the  leverage ratio and the risk-based capital requirements right'' because  ``doing so is critical to mitigating any perverse incentives and  preventing distortions in money markets and other safe asset markets.''   Let's be clear. Section 402 provides relief to only three banks: Bank  of New York Mellon, State Street, and Northern Trust. I have seen some  raise the concern that the language in section 402 could be read to  provide relief to a broader set of banks. That is not a credible  reading of the statutory language or our legislative intent. Section  402 says that, in order to receive relief, a ``custody bank'' must be  ``predominantly engaged in custody, safekeeping, and asset servicing  activities'' to gain the benefit of this provision. This provision does  not mean that, if a bank has a large custodial business, it should get  relief, nor is this an invitation to exclude other assets from the  calculation of total assets for purposes of the leverage ratio. This is  a targeted fix for a narrow problem.   So what is the net result of all this technical capital planning and  stress testing work that the Federal Reserve and other banking  regulators have developed since 2008? Today, U.S. G-SIBs are have two  times the amount of capital than they had precrisis. Even if we went  through an economic downturn worse than the financial crisis, banks  would have 50 percent more capital after absorbing losses than they did  in 2008. The substantial increase in capital extends to banks that are  smaller than the G-SIBs. The common equity capital ratio of the 34 bank  holding companies in the 2017 CCAR has more than doubled from 5.5  percent in the first quarter of 2009 to 12.5 percent in the first  quarter of 2017. This reflects an increase of more than $750 billion in  common equity capital to a total of $1.25 trillion by the first quarter  of 2017.   That is exactly where we should be.   I am proud to have contributed significantly to both Dodd-Frank and  the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. S.  2155 is in many ways as notable for what it doesn't do, particularly  with respect to capital requirements, as much as what it does do.   