 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, does this Republican majority have amnesia? Did they  forget how we got here?   Congressional Republicans blew a nearly $2 trillion hole in the  deficit by giving tax cuts to the wealthy and large corporations. That  is trillion with a T. Now they are acting like they are great deficit  hawks for bringing forward a bill that rescinds $15 billion in Federal  spending. That is billion with a B. It is a tiny fraction of the  trillions of dollars they spent on tax cuts.   You don't have to be some great scholar to see this disparity. It is  right here on this chart. This really big red bar, Mr. Speaker, that  plunges down to nearly $2 trillion represents the impact of the  Republican tax bill on the deficit. It is actually $1.9 trillion. It is  not good. That really, really, really tiny small bar on the right  represents the so-called ``savings'' that this bill will provide.   For those in the gallery, you are going to need binoculars to see  that line. To my Republican colleagues, I am happy to lend you my  bifocals so you can see how inconsequential this rescission package is  in terms of dealing with our deficit.   Now, don't get me wrong, $15 million is a lot of money, but in the  context of what this Republican House has done to our deficit--blowing  a hole in it to give tax cuts to the megarich--in that context, it  isn't even a down payment on fixing the deficit.   This bill isn't the result of some great process. Mr. Speaker, there  was no process. There was no hearing on the bill. The Appropriations  Committee didn't go over these proposed cuts one by one, weighing  whether they made sense or not.   This is the result of the whims of President Trump. He seems to  change his mind about as often as he logs on to Twitter. How else can  the majority explain slashing funds to fight Ebola the same day there  is an Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of the Congo?   You cannot make this stuff up.   It took language in a manager's amendment to reverse this, just like  the majority was forced to reverse cuts to funds designed to help New  York and New Jersey recover from Superstorm Sandy. Perhaps if you had a  hearing and you listened to Members of Congress, you listened to the  committees of jurisdiction, you might avoid these embarrassments.   This bill is also being considered under yet another record-breaking  closed rule. That means no Member can offer an amendment on the floor  to approve it.   Last month, Republicans officially turned this Congress into the most  closed Congress in history. It was only May. We still have 6 months to  go before the end of this Congress. Apparently, there is no end in  sight for the majority's restrictive process. It would make Vladimir  Putin jealous. This is not a process to be proud of. This is a process  the Republicans should be ashamed of.   The cuts in this bill aren't harmless. They will hurt real people.  Almost half the cuts in this package are to the Children's Health  Insurance Program. This bill also hurts farmers by cutting funding they  need to carry out important conservation programs.   This bill cuts funding for the Economic Development Administration,  an agency focused on economic growth and private sector job creation,  at a time when they have a project backlog nationwide. In my own  congressional district, I have visited at least 10 high-quality  projects seeking investments from EDA. These projects, and countless  others all across the country, are now in jeopardy if this rescissions  package becomes law.   These are not unnecessary programs, as the bill's title suggests.  This funding was appropriated under the FY 2017 omnibus negotiated over  just a year ago. Both parties agreed to it. The President signed it  into law. Now, President Trump has suddenly changed his mind. Maybe it  was something he saw on Fox News, since he takes most of his marching  orders from them.   After spending nearly $2 trillion on tax cuts for the superrich and  blowing up the deficit, the majority's bill is like putting a Band-Aid  on a gaping wound.   Republicans are trying to trick the American people into thinking  that somehow they care about fiscal responsibility. Well, they are not  fooling anyone.   