 Merry Christmas, happy holidays to you, sir, and to the  legislative staff.   I ask unanimous consent that the quorum call be dispensed with.    Mr. President, at midnight last night, roughly 25  percent of the government shut down because of one person and one  person alone: President Trump. We arrived at this moment because  President Trump has been on a destructive 2-week temper tantrum,  demanding the American taxpayer pony up for an expensive and  ineffective border wall that the President promised Mexico would pay  for.   Make no mistake. The Trump shutdown is not about border security. All  of the proposals we have made contain over $1 billion in new border  security money, the same amount allocated last year by both parties and  even the President agreed to. The Trump administration has barely even  spent any of the border security money from last year. So the Trump  shutdown isn't over border security; it is because President Trump is  demanding billions of dollars for an expensive, ineffective wall the  majority of Americans don't support.   Let me remind you, the President called for a shutdown no less than  25 times. He has wanted one for months. In our meeting in the Oval  Office, President Trump said he would be ``proud'' to shut the  government down. Imagine saying he would be proud to shut the  government down.   Even Rush Limbaugh, one of the biggest supporters of the President,  said it was a Trump shutdown; that he caused it. He said--this is  Limbaugh speaking: ``The President wants you to know it's money [for  the wall] or nothing, and if it's nothing, he shuts it down.''   Just 2 days ago, the Senate unanimously agreed to a proposal by  Leader McConnell to keep the government open through February. It  wasn't exactly what Democrats wanted--we thought it should be longer-- but we agreed because we wanted to keep the government open, and all  indications were that the President would sign the bill, but President  Trump--beholden to the far, far right, unwilling to shoulder even the  slightest critique from Rush Limbaugh or Laura Ingraham--changed his  mind on the bipartisan Senate bill, passed unanimously by all  Republicans and all Democrats in this Chamber, and he sent his House  allies off to tilt at windmills.   Everyone knew yesterday, long before the House vote, that the  President's wall lacked 60 votes in the Senate. It has proven to lack  even 50 votes. It will never pass the Senate--not today, not next week,  not next year.   So President Trump, if you want to open the government, you must  abandon the wall, plain and simple. The Senate is not interested in  swindling American taxpayers for an unnecessary, ineffective, and  wasteful policy. What we do support, Democrats and Republicans, is  real, effective border security--but not a wall. The wall is President  Trump's bone to the hard-right people. It is no way to spend $5  billion, for a political bone.   I have heard the President and his allies in the media say Democrats  don't support border security. Nothing could be further from the truth.   Democrats have always been for smart and effective ways to secure our  border. We are pushing for technology, like drones and sensors and  inspection equipment. Every single proposal we made to the President  included $1.3 billion for border security. The Trump shutdown provides  zero dollars for border security, but I have never supported a border  wall, and I challenge anyone on the hard right to find a time that I-- or any expert--has supported a wall like what the President has  proposed.   So where do we go from here? Well, three proposals are on the table,  two by Democrats--Leader Pelosi and I--one by Leader McConnell, each of  which would reopen the government and provide $1.3 billion in border  security. We are also open to discussing any proposals with the  President as long as they don't include funding for the wall, but in  order for an agreement to be reached, all four congressional leaders  must sign off and the President must endorse it and say he will sign  it. Leader McConnell must agree. Speaker Ryan must agree. They cannot  duck responsibility. Leader McConnell still controls this Chamber.  Speaker Ryan controls what reaches the floor of the House. They are  essential to this process. Leader McConnell can't duck out of it. He  knows that. Of course, Leader Pelosi and I must agree. Most  importantly, the President must publicly support and say he will sign  an agreement before it gets a vote in either Chamber. We don't want to  go through what we went through a few days ago.   Both Leader McConnell and I have agreed on that qualification for a  specific reason. Repeatedly, the President  [[Page S8023]]  has privately agreed to a deal with congressional leaders, only to  reverse himself when criticized by the far right. We can't have another  situation when the President signals support at first but then reverses  himself, which is precisely what caused this shutdown in the first  place.   If Leader McConnell, Speaker Ryan, Leader Pelosi, and I agree on a  solution, and the President says he will sign it, we can end the Trump  shutdown immediately.   Discussions continue among the members of our staffs. The Republican  Leader and I will update the Senate on the status of those talks once  progress has been made.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   