 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the  Omnibus Appropriations Act of 2018. While no bill of this size is ever  truly perfect, the legislation contains a number of provisions that  support important programs that Americans rely on.   The bill invests in critical priorities like child care;  transportation and infrastructure; medical  [[Page H2027]]  research; opioid abuse; veterans' health insurance and much more.  Community Health Centers, which provide essential help all throughout  my district will receive an extra $135 million increase over last  year's total to expand addiction prevention and treatment services.  Also, children's providers will get a boost in their reimbursement  rates under the Child Care and Development Block Grant. Protecting the  health of our children should be one of our first priorities as Members  of Congress and I am glad to sec this bill do so.   That National Institute of Health will also receive a $3 billion  boost in funding, allowing new research that could lead to cures for  ailments and disease that have gone untreatable. The bill also includes  $500 million to drive the development of alternative pain medicine, so  that people may choose a pain management treatment that does not  involve the risk of opioids.   While I am disappointed that this bill does not address DACA  recipients, I will continue to push my colleagues to come together to  address this pressing issue. President Trump's campaign promise to  deport 2 to 3 million people is contrary to the values that make this  country great. Not only will his empty promise separate families, but  it'll negatively affect the future of our economic stability. Our  country depends on the hard working young men and women who are  pursuing their dreams to become doctors, engineers and members of the  Armed Forces. We are stronger as a nation when we embrace immigrants  and their contributions to our communities and shouldn't vilify them.   I am also pleased to see that the bill does not include any funding  for construction of new sections of a border wall. Texas has seven  hundred miles of border with Mexico and trade with Mexico drives much  of our economy in the region. While border security is essential, and  this bill addresses that with money for refurbishment of existing  structures and fencing, the President's proposal would simply amount to  a large waste of money.   