 Mr. President, first of all, I want to associate myself  with the remarks of the Senator from Montana, Mr. Tester, on his  amendment in support of the VA's inspector general position. I believe  it is critical to ensuring oversight and accountability at the  Department of Veterans Affairs.   What this amendment does and the reason I support it is that it  ensures that the inspector general's office can fully vet, investigate,  and examine the cases presented to them by making certain they have  access to the necessary  [[Page S4273]]  records and documentation within the Department of Veterans Affairs. To  arrive at the truth, the inspector general must have all of the  information associated with any given situation to determine what is  accurate and who should be held accountable.   Mr. President, I also want to express my pleasure in speaking today  in regard to something I have long advocated for, and I compliment the  three chairmen and women here in support of the appropriations bills of  which they have jurisdiction, but we need regular order, and this  return to regular order for consideration of the fiscal year 2019  appropriations process is important to the U.S. Senate. More  importantly, it is valuable to the American people and valuable to my  constituents home in Kansas.   As a U.S. Senator and a member of the Appropriations Committee, our  duty is to fund the Federal Government in a responsible way that will  wisely utilize every taxpayer dollar, which requires a deliberation to  prioritize Federal spending. I also think, when we can return to  regular order, we have greater ability to influence decisions made by  Cabinet Secretaries, department heads, bureau chiefs, and agency heads  because we can influence decisions they make because of the power of  the purse string.   On the appropriations bills we are debating this week, I want to call  attention to the MILCON-VA appropriations bill and the great work  Senator Boozman and his ranking member, Senator Schatz, have achieved  as chairman and ranking member of the subcommittee. I am very familiar  with their staff, and I compliment them on their work.   This bill provides an additional $1 billion in fiscal year 2019 for  the VA to provide veterans access to care in the community, and to  avoid any lapse in that care, this bill provides $11 billion in advance  appropriations for fiscal year 2020.   The point I am making is, we have worked hard to provide services in  the community for veterans who either can't get the service or live  such a distance from the VA or, now, because of the new law, when it is  in their best interests to have care provided in the community. It is  necessary we provide the funding to accomplish that.   We have the opportunity to provide veterans and the VA with  appropriations for fiscal year 2019 that builds on the momentum the  reform legislation, which just became law, the VA MISSION Act,  provides. I want to make sure we do the right things because we want  the VA MISSION Act to work.   On June 6, we paid tribute to one of our Nation's heroes who bravely  stormed the beaches of Normandy in November of 1944. In addition, 2  weeks ago today, on June 6, Senator Boozman and I, as well as many of  our colleagues, were at the White House, where we joined the President  as he signed the VA MISSION Act into law.   The VA MISSION Act represents a significant achievement in providing  our Nation's veterans with access to the care they are entitled to and  that they deserve.   Just as I urged my colleagues to support the VA MISSION Act, I call  on my colleagues to support the appropriations for implementation of  the reforms contained in this legislation. It is critical we do so to  make certain veterans can rely on a community care program that meets  their needs and offers access to the care they deserve.   The MISSION Act delivers several critical reforms that the funding  provided in this bill will enable the VA to carry out and build on.  Particularly helpful for the appropriations process, it requires the  Department to submit routine strategic plans to Congress and develop a  multiyear budget process to better forecast future needs and  requirements. It also mandates market area assessments to better  understand what communities and local VAs are able to offer their  veterans, allowing the VA and Congress to better identify gaps that  require more resources to be filled and prevent redundancy; in other  words, to provide the resources where they are needed and to make sure  we don't spend them where they are not.   As my colleagues are aware, the VA has faced several budget  shortfalls in recent years. We have been on the floor often, and I have  spoken about this numerous times. Unfortunately, it has required our  attention numerous times. The VA has been unable to estimate how much  money they will need to provide care in the community through the  Choice Act, and this legislation requires a process by which they can  accurately forecast those needs, particularly when it comes to care in  the community.   I have long believed that when it comes to the VA, it isn't a lack of  funds that is the problem. In fact, we have consistently--and this bill  does it again--increased their budget. Instead, it is a problem of how  they spend the funds that are appropriated to them, how they manage  those funds, and how the Department of Veterans Affairs is led.   I am confident reforms like those included in the MISSION Act will  enable the VA to be a better steward of taxpayer funds, while also  enabling them to better carry out their mission of providing veterans  with the care and benefits they are entitled to through consistent,  stable budgeting.   As reforms in the VA MISSION Act and the new community care programs  are implemented over the next year, it is important that third-party  administrators--administration entities which managed the community  care program, Choice, in its old days for the VA--manage a network of  community providers that serve veterans. Continuity of care is  paramount to the success of VA's community care program, and we must  ensure that the VA maintains veterans' access to the care they need by  utilizing third-party administrators during the implementation stage of  these reforms.   I remind my colleagues that the VA is not ready to manage or operate  a health network themselves. Our urgency to fund the Choice Program  during repeated shortfalls in the past was, in part, out of the  necessity of making certain that network continued to support veterans  and those third-party administrators--the services they provide. I do  not believe the VA is now capable of building or replicating those  networks that currently exist, and I would indicate that, at least in  part, the contract with the third-party administrator is terminated on  June 30, and we need assurance the Department of Veterans Affairs has a  plan to make certain those contracts are extended so that care does not  lapse.   This next year must be focused on the implementation of the MISSION  Act and readying the VA healthcare system for its transformation. Any  distraction from completing this mission is unfair to veterans who will  benefit from it and puts the community care program at risk.   Our work on the MISSION Act and a community care program is in  jeopardy if the Department of Veterans Affairs declines or is unable to  renew contracts to keep the network in place.   We are on the cusp of real reform and transformation at the VA which  will benefit veterans and their families for decades to come. I can  think of no greater obligation during this year's appropriations  process than ensuring veterans, and the programs that serve them, are  resourced to deliver the care and benefits they deserve.   I thank the chairman, Senator Boozman, the ranking member, Senator  Schatz, and their staff for their expertise and their work in making  sure the appropriations process lends its support to the MISSION Act-- the John McCain MISSION Act--we enacted in the Senate and was signed by  the President now just a few short days ago.   I yield the floor.   