 Mr. Speaker, I very much appreciate the time  that has been set aside here, and I appreciate the gentleman yielding.   I have got to say at the outset, one of the great tragedies of the  half a million deaths in Syria is that I think it was quite avoidable.   If we think back to 7 years ago and how it started, it began with  people marching in the streets of Damascus saying, ``peaceful,  peaceful.'' Their goal was to try to get some element of human rights  in a country in which people were being abducted and disappeared in  these chambers where they were tortured and killed.   We know a lot more now than we did at the time because of a brave  military photographer by the name of Caesar, and Caesar brought those  pictures out to the West, 55,000 of them.   The way in which the regime conducted itself drove the population in  Syria to react. And now, after 7 years of war, brutal war, the  atrocities continue in Syria; and in many ways, after listening this  morning to Caesar and seeing his photographs again, they are worse than  they were.   I say that because, as we speak, despite a ceasefire agreed to by  Russia, the Assad regime, backed by Russian war planes and backed by  the Iranian militia from neighboring Iran on the ground, is engaged in  a brutal assault on southern Syria. They are engaged there, and more  than 45,000 civilians have fled as Russian and regime forces have  intensified their shelling and their air raids again on civilian  populations.   So yesterday alone, three hospitals were bombed. The United Nations  has said that more Syrians were displaced in the first few months of  this year than at any period in the last 7 years of war--the first few  months of this year. This is happening as we speak.   This is one of the children affected by this brutal campaign. The  numbers are staggering. As I shared with you, there are over half a  million Syrians that have been killed. Think for a minute about the  families of those who are on the move trying to escape. Fourteen  million Syrians have been displaced; tens of thousands remain in the  regime's dungeons.   That, for me, is the most horrifying aspect of this. It is because  the regime will not, despite international pressure, change what it  does within those dungeons, the same torture that was exposed to the  world in the Caesar photos, in the 55,000 photos.   And the horrific part of this--I don't know why totalitarian regimes  do this, but they have a habit of taking the picture of every tortured,  mangled body that they have killed and then numbering it with a number,  and then number after number after number. It is now a process of civil  society in Syria trying to figure out and tie these families together.   And the population that was massacred, whether it is Shia or Sunni or  Alawites or Christian, it is as though the regime knows no bounds in  terms of its suspicions. It is like Joe Stalin's rampage when he  decided, in the 1930s, to begin his process of eliminating anyone who  could potentially be an opponent: take them in and put them to the  torture.   That is what is happening as we speak. And if the regime retakes  southern Syria, thousands more will be detained and meet the same fate  as those who are in those torture chambers today.   So this morning, we had the honor of welcoming Caesar. Adam Kinzinger  and I and other members of our committee had the opportunity once more  to speak to the Syrian military defector who took those photos.   Four years ago, he met with our committee in his first public  appearance following his defection. Those photos gave us an eyewitness  account of the Assad regime's horrific brutality. And today, Caesar  provided new, chilling testimony about the Assad regime's attacks  against the Syrian people.   Industrial-scale torture, as I have told you, is being committed  against thousands of detainees. And I will tell you, one picture that  especially moved me showed a young woman. She was an architect in the  city. She had had her eyes gouged out. She was tortured to death and  her crime was that she had delivered food and humanitarian aid to  individuals targeted by the Assad regime.   As you know, the Blue Helmets in Syria who run into collapsing  buildings in order to pull out victims, pull out civilians, they are  nondenominational. These are people who volunteer, and they are  frequently targeted. It is often those who are doing the rescuing who  are targeted by that regime.   Mr. Speaker, as I have said before, there can be no real peace in  Syria as long as the Assad regime, as long as Assad, himself, remains  in power. We need a strategy that, in the name of humanity, moves  beyond Assad to achieve a political solution that will secure a lasting  peace among all of the parties there.   The House has twice passed legislation named after Caesar, sponsored  by Ranking Member Eliot Engel and me, to impose sanctions on supporters  of Syria's Assad regime, including sanctions on Iran and Russia,  because that is where the materiel comes from. That is where the bombs  come from. This legislation will help cut off funding that fuels  Assad's war machine, and it gives our diplomats much-needed leverage in  the political process.   Additionally, the Caesar bill will support the prosecution of the  regime's war criminals. This includes U.S. assistance for cases being  tried around the world, many based on evidence in the Caesar file, such  as the one recently filed by prosecutors in Germany.   Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, the Senate still has not acted on this  critical legislation. It is time to sanction Assad. It is time to  sanction his backers. It is time to hold war criminals accountable and  give justice to victims.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the Senate to quickly move  forward. Please move this legislation to help protect Syrian civilians.   Again, I want to thank my colleague not only for his efforts and for  his service to this country, including on the battlefield, but also for  his service here today in the interest of humanity.    