 Mr. President, Members of Congress are making their way  back to the Nation's Capital after celebrating Thanksgiving with folks  at home, with their friends and their families. To me, this holiday  offered a little bit of respite and time for reflection--a time to  pause with our families and to think about what we have to be grateful  for.   This year, I am particularly thankful for the organizations I met  with when I was home in Texas that donated a lot of their most valuable  resource--their time. Thousands took time out of their family  celebrations to provide meals and assistance to those less fortunate. I  had the opportunity to join the ranks of some of my other volunteers,  like Mayor Steve Adler of Austin, with whom I served meals at the H-E-B  Feast of Sharing in Austin. I also donned an apron and gloves to help  prepare turkey for the annual Raul Jimenez Thanksgiving Dinner in San  Antonio, where more than 50 companies and 4,000 volunteers partnered to  cook and serve meals. In 1979, Raul Jimenez, who is famous in San  Antonio for his contributions there and has now left us, started this  dinner with the goal of feeding 100 of San Antonio's elderly families  and those less fortunate. Thirty-nine years later, his daughter and  grandson, Raul Jimenez III, carry on this tradition and serve meals to  feed 25,000 hungry San Antonians.   During the holiday season, we all have a chance to express our  gratitude by extending a helping hand, providing a meal, or maybe  simply offering words of encouragement. I was grateful I was able to  join with some of the remarkable and selfless volunteers doing just  that when I was back home. I want to make sure we bring that same  attitude back to Congress, where I have the privilege of representing  28 million of my fellow Texans--not only the attitude of gratitude for  the great privilege of living in a country such as ours but also  feeling the weight of responsibility to actually produce results for  them.   My discussions with my constituents when I was back home ran the  gamut of possible topics, but what I keep hearing is that they feel as  if they are doing much better economically. They see an economy that  has been invigorated, and, yes, they have a little bit  [[Page S7074]]  more money in their pockets to spend on holiday gifts.   When I enter the beltway in Washington, I don't read a whole lot  about how well people are doing, the confidence and enthusiasm they  have in their station in life and their prospects for the future.  Mainly what we see on cable TV and on social media is how Congress is  fraught with divisiveness and burdened by partisan politics that  paralyzes us from getting anything done. We see this narrative splashed  across headlines and picked apart on cable news shows.   When I go back home, I find that most of my constituents aren't  particularly concerned with who is up and who is down in the purely  partisan politics they see going on in the Nation's Capital. They are  concerned about making their lives and their families' lives better,  putting food on the table, and enjoying the fruits of their labor. They  want to see their elected officials likewise doing the same and solving  the real issues that affect their lives.   I think it is important to reflect on what this Senate and this  Congress have been able to do over the last 2 years under this new  administration. I think our record is pretty clear, and, of course,  Americans responded by giving us an even greater majority--the  Republican leadership in the Senate--next Congress.   In the last 2 years, we promoted policies to foster economic growth  and job creation and opportunities for all Americans regardless of  their station in life. By doing that, we made historic gains, and I  want to mention a few of those now.   Let's start with the Tax Code--the first time in 31 years the Tax  Code has been tackled and reformed. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act lowered  tax rates across the board for every tax bracket, doubled the child tax  credit, and helped American businesses become more competitive in the  global economy.   The savings created by these reforms have been real for Americans  across the country. They mean an extra tank of gas each month, more  food on the table, or a month's worth of rent. For parents, they mean  that textbooks for their kids and school supplies are well within  financial reach and saving a little bit more for that college education  is now possible.   Robert from Wylie, TX, wrote me recently to say that he and his  daughter have been ``pleasantly surprised'' by the increases in their  paychecks. Robert said that he ``appreciate[s] the effort put forth by  the current administration and look[s] forward to more being done to  help the average American worker.''   American workers are the ones who have been left behind in the past  and told to expect the new normal of stagnant economic growth and slow  wage growth, but they are exactly the ones who are being helped the  most now by these changes in tax and regulatory policies. It started  with the tax reform legislation, and I think the regulatory reforms we  have been able to enact have made a big difference as well.   The Texas Workforce Commission announced recently that our State hit  record-low unemployment in October, while the Department of Commerce  announced that the State's economy grew 6 percent in the second  quarter. That is a red-hot, growing economy. These were monumental  leaps forward that were felt in all corners of our State.   Confidence in the economy across the country is at its highest level  since 2004; small business owners'--the primary engine of job creation  in our country--confidence is at record-high levels; and optimism among  U.S. manufacturers has soared to an alltime high. Is this a  coincidence? I don't think so. Is this a result of policies produced  years ago during a previous administration, as some people would claim?  I don't think so. But we have done some important things on a  bipartisan basis, together, such as removing some of the burdensome  Dodd-Frank banking regulations so that we can expand access to capital,  which means more loan money available for small businesses and families  and particularly for farmers and the farming community.   We took important steps to reduce the regulatory burdens on all  employers and job-seekers alike by giving States the tools to remove  barriers to certain professions through occupational licensing reform.  Some of the occupational licensing requirements in our States are  basically nothing but incumbent protection, trying to freeze out people  who wanted to learn a new skill, only to learn that it was uneconomical  to do so or that the licensure requirement made that burden too high.   We also worked to help provide for our veterans--a noble undertaking  in and of itself--and those who make the transition from military life  to civilian life. One bill we passed, called the Jobs for Our Heroes  Act, makes it easier for veterans to get commercial driver's licenses,  and the American Law Enforcement Heroes Act makes sure veterans get  hired by local law enforcement agencies when they come out of the  military with the very skills that are needed by our police agencies  that are working to keep our communities safe.   In each of these cases, we tried to listen to what my constituents  and our constituents were telling us so we could implement targeted  changes meant to improve the lives of the people we are honored to  represent.   Particularly around Thanksgiving but year-round, I am reminded of how  grateful I am for the sacrifices made by those who have served our  country in the past and those who presently wear the uniform of the  U.S. military. Many times, they are the very ones who spend their  holidays deployed overseas in places far away from their families.   I am proud of the historic effort we have made on a bipartisan basis  to provide support to those who are currently serving our country and  those who have previously served. That started with the Veterans'  Administration, which was past due for reforms. This is an immense  bureaucracy of more than I believe 330,000 employees. We needed to pull  that agency into the 21st century to better serve the veterans under  its charge.   I am sure GEN Omar Bradley, who led the VA after World War II, would  not recognize the system in place today, what we have transformed the  VA into, but he would have recognized it as it previously existed  because it basically was the same system that had been in place since  World War II. Now we have taken important steps, such as passing the  historic VA MISSION Act, which modernized the veterans' appeals process  and the electronic healthcare system. We reformed veterans' healthcare  benefits and improved accountability within the VA, and we provided the  largest funding increase in history for veterans' care and services.   When it comes to other institutions that help provide safety and  security for the American people, we were able to provide for the men  and women of the Coast Guard with bipartisan support. Our bill ensures  that the Coast Guard can continue to protect our ports, stop illegal  drugs from reaching our borders, and save lives.   Earlier this year, we made the greatest investment in our military in  history with the passage of the National Defense Authorization Act for  the 58th consecutive year. This was appropriately named for our friend  and colleague Senator John McCain. The Defense bill supports our men  and women in uniform by providing the tools and resources they need to  keep our country safe and includes the largest boost to servicemembers'  pay in 10 years.   It is especially noteworthy that this year will mark the first time  in about a decade that the Defense Department will not operate under a  temporary spending measure, known as a continuing resolution. That is  important. Because of bipartisan support, we have funded roughly 75  percent of the government so far--we still have more to do--on time and  through regular order. In fact, we passed the most on time  appropriations bills in 22 years.   In addition to these historic strides, we also passed landmark  legislation to combat the drug addiction crisis that has plagued every  corner of the country. This bill is designed to help stem the tide of  drugs flooding across our borders but also help those who are suffering  from drug addiction get the recovery support they need. We also  continued to support communities by passing first-of-its-kind  legislation to make our schools safer and stop online sex trafficking.   I think each one of these successes is worthy of mention because the  legislative record of this current Congress--this 115th Congress--is  pretty remarkable, one of the most productive since  [[Page S7075]]  my time in the Senate. It has meant unprecedented victories for  American workers and families and communities, as well as our  servicemembers. We still have a mission, though--we need to finish out  the 115th Congress as strong as we began it, and we only have a few  weeks left to do that. That starts by continuing our historic pace of  confirming the President's judicial nominees, which already total more  than 80, with 2 Supreme Court Justices confirmed in the 115th Congress  in the last 2 years.   In the coming weeks, we will continue our work on the farm bill to  provide support for our Nation's ag community. In my home State, one  out of seven working Texans gains their income from working in the  agriculture sector. Everyone has heard the saying ``Thank a farmer  three times a day.'' It is the farmers and ranchers in the Lone Star  State whom I think of when I hear that. Texans know as well as anybody  the unpredictability of Mother Nature, which can ruin a crop or an  entire season in the blink of an eye. That is why passing a farm bill  is important--to give our farmers and ranchers the predictability and  the certainty they need and deserve insofar as we can since we can't  control Mother Nature.   As you can see, we have our work cut out for us in these remaining  weeks. I mentioned earlier that Americans chose to send Senate  Republicans back to Washington with an even greater majority, but  Americans also chose a Democratic majority in the House of  Representatives. Leader McConnell recently called the Senate ``fertile  soil for bipartisan work,'' and that is true. It is the way the Senate  is constructed and built with our unique rules when it comes to  considering and voting on legislation. We are ripe for the  possibilities of solving some of the biggest legislative question marks  facing our government and facing our Nation.    But now our friends in the House, with Democratic majorities, need to  make a choice. They can either choose to make noise or they can choose  to join us in making law and improving the lot of American citizens.   I am confident of what we will choose on this side of the aisle  because we will do exactly as we have done over the last 2 years-- continue to make substantial progress for the American family.   But we will want to make sure that we extend a hand to our Democratic  colleagues in the House, and they can make their decision, I hope, to  join us in continuing to make progress on the part of the American  people and not just create more chaos and confusion and accentuate the  divisiveness that we know already plagues our political system and our  country.   It is important that we in Congress demonstrate that we are up to the  challenge and that we are worthy of the trust of the people we  represent--the American people.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Idaho (Mr. Crapo), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr.  Graham), the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. Hyde-Smith), the Senator  from Kansas (Mr. Moran), and the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. Wicker).   