 Mr. Speaker, as one of the only professional  pilots in Congress, I rise today in strong support of the long-awaited  FAA reauthorization bill. I was happy to work closely with the  chairman, ranking member, and all of our Senate counterparts to reach  the compromise legislation that we have today.   We are finally providing our aviation programs the much-needed, long- term certainty that they desire, and I am excited about a number of  policies included in the bill that I advocated for.   Just quickly, I secured language to prevent new taxes targeting  consumers who rent cars at the airport. My aviation workforce  development bill to encourage people to pursue careers in aviation as  technicians and mechanics is included. I secured fixes on how the FAA  regulates Living History Flight Experience flights. We finally ended  the egregious FAA fees on large aviation events, such as Sun 'n Fun and  Oshkosh air shows. We extended aircraft registration from 3 to 7 years.  We directed the FAA to restore the ``all makes and models'' certificate  for experimental aircraft. Building an aircraft in your hangar now will  be considered an aeronautical use of that hangar.   There are many other things I can't include in my limited amount of  time.   As we approach key milestones in the program in 2020 and beyond, my  colleagues and I on the committee will remain committed to holding the  FAA accountable and ensuring the goals of NextGen are achieved.   Mr. Speaker, I could go on, but, obviously, time does not allow.   Mr. Speaker, as one of the only professional pilots in Congress, I  rise today in strong support of the long awaited FAA Reauthorization  bill.   I was happy to work closely with the Chairman and Ranking Member, and  our Senate counterparts to reach the compromise legislation before us  today.   We will finally be providing our aviation programs some much needed  long term certainty.   I am very excited about a number of policies included in the bill  that I advocated for.   Just to go over them quickly:   I secured language to prevent new taxes targeting consumers who rent  cars at the airport;   My aviation workforce development bill to encourage people to pursue  careers as aviation technicians and mechanics;   I secured fixes to how FAA regulates living history flight experience  flights;   We are finally ending the egregious FAA fees on large aviation  events;   We extended aircraft registration from 3 years to 7 years;   Directed the FAA to restore the `all makes and models' certificate  for experimental aircraft;   Building an aircraft in your hangar will now be considered  `aeronautical use' of that hangar;   And many others that I can't cover in my limited time.   As we approach key milestones in the program in 2020 and beyond, my  colleagues and I on the committee remain committed to holding FAA  accountable and ensuring the goals of NextGen are achieved.   Mr. Speaker, I could go on and on when it comes to all the aviation  policy in this bill that excites me.  [[Page H9038]]    But I'll save some time for my other colleagues.   