 Mr. Speaker, as the first quadriplegic elected to  Congress, I am here today not just as a Member of Congress, but as  someone here with a disability--and, I hope, providing a voice for so  many in our country who also have disabilities--to give my perspective  on H.R. 620, the misnamed ADA Education and Reform Act.   Mr. Speaker, the Americans with Disabilities Act was passed nearly 30  years ago as an enduring promise to an entire population of Americans  that discrimination on the basis of disability, including access to  public accommodations, will not be tolerated.   Now there have been decades for people and organizations to  understand and implement provisions of the ADA. And for those who are  just learning about the ADA or who need a refresher on the law, there  are many free resources that provide information and technical  assistance.   The ADA provides a lifeline to so many who need access to classrooms,  restrooms, businesses, restaurants, transit, and so much more. I  recognize that there are some individuals who are unfairly targeted in  States that have failed to protect against things like these ``drive-by  lawsuits.''   But the root of the problem is not the ADA; it is the unscrupulous  lawyers who take advantage of State laws that go beyond the Federal law  to permit monetary damages. Now, the ADA does not allow people to sue  for compensatory or punitive damages, only injunctive relief, meaning  that they solve the problem.   H.R. 620 does nothing to address the problem happening at the State  level, nor does it target immoral lawyers. Instead, it sacrifices the  rights of millions by reducing the impact and protections of the ADA  which so many have come to depend on. It does so by creating a ``notice  and cure'' regime, as it is called, that will create an obvious  disincentive for ADA compliance.   The idea that addressing architectural barriers with a written notice  that gives 60 days to acknowledge receipt of a complaint and then 120  days to demonstrate ``substantial progress'' in the removal of an  obstruction ignores the tenets of the ADA that support an indisputable  right to inclusion and respect; and it tells people with disabilities  that we are not worthy of inclusion until someone is caught, and even  then, a remedy is not guaranteed.   Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that the Rules Committee chose to make in  order the bipartisan amendment that I will offer with my colleague and  co-chair of the Bipartisan Disabilities Caucus, Representative Gregg  Harper; but, to be frank, this bill should never have been reported out  of the Judiciary Committee in the first place, much less to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 620 is a blunt tool that wrongfully impedes the  right of people with disabilities. If H.R. 620 passes with any kind of  notice and cure period, we will return to the days when discrimination  was commonplace, and it will be because elected officials voted to  remove civil rights instead of protecting them.   