 Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the Defense  appropriations bill that we are now debating. I congratulate Senator  Shelby and Senator Leahy, and other Senators for working together in a  cooperative manner to fashion and advance this important legislation.   For my home State of Colorado, this legislation means critical  funding for our men and women in uniform at installations such as  Peterson, Buckley, and Schriever Air Force Bases, the Air Force  Academy, and Fort Carson in Colorado Springs, and beyond.   This bill provides the first significant pay raise--the first  significant pay raise--for soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines for  close to 10 years, and it is well deserved and long overdue.   As the chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East  Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, I want to  highlight several provisions related to these areas. The bill provides  $356 million in additional funding to expand and accelerate cyber  research across the Department of Defense, including $117 million for  Army cyber security research efforts and $116 million in Missile  Defense Agency cyber security enhancements.   This legislation will support critical cyber security programs,  including CyberWorx at the Air Force Academy, DIUx in Silicon Valley,  and the Army Futures Command in Austin, TX.   The bill focuses on our ability to modernize not only what we might  use in conflict but also to understand how conflict might be waged  through technology.   Through a fully funded and equipped Cyber Command, we will be armed  not only with new funded capability and technology but with new titles  and authorities to be able to downgrade, disrupt, and destroy cyber  attacks on our infrastructure and economy.   As our force evolves and changes, the Cyber Command will continue to  be a vital stakeholder in our defense communities.   I am also pleased that the legislation supports the administration's  concept of a ``free and open Indo-Pacific'' by fully funding our  military activities in the Indo-Pacific region, including U.S. Pacific  Command theater cooperation activities with partner nations.   I am also pleased that the bill specifically includes funds to  support activity with the Pacific Island nations, including Palau.  These nations are at risk of falling under more and more Chinese  influence, and it is important for the United States to exert an active  leadership role to keep these allies engaged.   Countering China's rise represents a grave challenge for U.S.  national security, but it is a challenge that we must absolutely rise  to meet. According to the ``National Security Strategy,'' released in  December of just last year, ``for decades, U.S. policy was rooted in  the belief that support for China's rise and for its integration into  the post-war international order would liberalize China. Contrary to  our hopes, China expanded its power at the expense of the sovereignty  of others.''   According to the 2018 ``National Defense Strategy,'' ``it is  increasingly clear that China and Russia want to shape a world  consistent with their authoritarian model--gaining veto authority over  other nations' economic, diplomatic, and security decisions.''   According to the annual ``Department of Defense Report on Chinese  Military Power,'' released just last week, ``China's military  modernization targets capabilities with the potential to degrade core  U.S. operational and technological advantages. To support this  modernization, China uses a variety of methods to acquire foreign  military and dual-use technologies, including targeted foreign direct  investment, cyber theft, and exploitation of private China nationals'  access to these technologies.''   I am pleased that both the administration and Congress are now  recognizing this reality and taking steps to rebuild our military to  stand up to China.   I am leading a bipartisan effort in the Senate called the Asia  Reassurance Initiative Act, or ARIA, which will set a generational  policy toward the Indo-Pacific. I expect that the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee will mark up ARIA in September, and I urge my  colleagues to cosponsor this very important effort.   We know that China will continue to bully its neighbors and to test  U.S. resolve, and we must respond accordingly.   On Monday, we heard the disturbing news that the nation of El  Salvador,  [[Page S5818]]  under Chinese pressure, has decided to sever diplomatic ties with  Taiwan in favor of Beijing. This is an outrageous and unwarranted move  for El Salvador, which has enjoyed official relations with the Republic  of China since 1933.   In response, I have introduced an amendment with Senator Rubio to  this legislation that will restrict U.S. funds to the government of El  Salvador.   It is our sincere hope that this amendment will send a direct message  to Taiwan's allies that the United States will use every tool to  support Taiwan's standing on the international stage and will stand up  to China's bullying tactics across the world.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my fellow,  John Price, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the year.   