 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have a colloquy  with the Senator from  The Senator and I have done a lot of work together on a  an issue that is a genuine threat to our national security; that is,  the threat of Chinese telecom companies stealing our technology,  infiltrating our telecom networks, and hacking into the data not just  of our government or our military but also private citizens.   Earlier this year, I asked the Directors of all four major  intelligence agencies--the CIA, the NSA, the FBI, and the DIA--if they  would use products made by Huawei or ZTE. None of them raised their  hand. I said: Well, that may be unfair. You are the leader of an  American intelligence agency. What about members of your family, your  neighbors, your friends, church members? Not a single one of them  recommended that they would use a Huawei or ZTE product.    I hope all of you up in the Galleries are not using a Huawei or ZTE  product. If you are, you might want to go out and buy a different one,  and that is because these companies are dangerous to our national  security and to your privacy.   Huawei and ZTE are nothing more than extensions of the Chinese  Communist Party. Huawei's CEO was an engineer for the People's  Liberation Army. The company's livelihood consists largely of a steady  stream of government contracts, and its greatest claim to fame is  shamelessly stealing the secrets of American companies. That is why it  is under investigation by the Department of Justice for that and for  violating sanctions against Iran. ZTE is no better. They broke our laws  by doing business with North Korea and Iran and then lied about it to  U.S. investigators. That makes it a repeat offender.   That is why General Nakasone, the new Director of the NSA, committed  at his confirmation hearing to educating all of our allies about the  threat that companies like Huawei and ZTE pose to the civilized world.   Given this history, I suggest it would be reckless to let Huawei and  ZTE infiltrate their products into our country's critical  communications infrastructure. Whether it is routers, switches, or any  other kind of equipment, allowing them to do so would give the Chinese  Government a backdoor into our first responder networks, our electric  grid, and a lot more than that. That is why the Federal Communications  Commission proposed a rule to prohibit the use of the Universal Service  Fund to buy equipment from these firms and why I and a number of other  Members have urged the Department of Agriculture to do the same thing  with our U.S. funds.   These companies have proven themselves to be untrustworthy, and at  this point, I think the only fitting punishment would be to give them  the death penalty; that is, to put them out of business in the United  States. The only reason Huawei is the second largest smartphone maker  in the world and ZTE the fourth is because we have let them run wild  for too long. We have given them access to our markets even as they  have broken our laws and abused the rights of our citizens. If we  refuse to do business with them, things would change very quickly,  believe me.   For these reasons, Senator Van Hollen and I offered our amendment  that was adopted earlier this week. It would prohibit all Federal  agencies from buying any kind of equipment or services  [[Page S3897]]  from Huawei, ZTE, or any related companies. It would also prohibit any  American company from receiving U.S. taxpayer dollars in the form of  grants or loans should they use Huawei or ZTE products. Finally, our  amendment would reinstate the original denial order for the purchase of  American goods and services on ZTE to hold it accountable for breaking  our laws.   I would say that I don't see this amendment as contradictory or  harmful to the administration's strategy when it comes to China and  North Korea. If anything, I think it is complementary. This  administration, after all, originally imposed the death penalty in the  form of a denial order against ZTE. After Xi Jinping pleaded for life  without parole, so to speak, the administration agreed to a very tough  series of actions.   This is the first real, concrete action the United States has taken  against Huawei and ZTE, but I and the Senators in this Chamber believe  the death penalty is the appropriate penalty. Just as our maximum  pressure campaign brought North Korea to the table, strengthening our  sanctions on ZTE will show China that we are finally serious about  stopping its theft of our intellectual property and preventing it from  infiltrating our communications network and from violating the privacy  rights of our citizens.   If we weaken sanctions against ZTE, we will signal to China and to  the rest of the world that they can act contrary to our sanctions with  impunity. That is a message we cannot afford to send, and that is why I  am pleased the Senate agreed to include our amendment in the National  Defense Authorization Act.   I would like to conclude by turning to the Senator from Maryland,  with whom I have worked in such a constructive fashion on this matter-- not only on this legislation but also in the Senate Banking Committee-- and ask him how he sees the threat posed by Huawei, ZTE, and companies  like them.    Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Maryland for his  remarks and once again for working together in such a constructive  fashion. As he said, we have had a number of Senators from both parties  sponsoring our amendment. I think that reflects the concern that both  Republicans and Democrats alike have about the threat that Chinese  telecom companies like  [[Page S3898]]  Huawei and ZTE pose to our national security and to our citizens'  privacy. Our amendment is an important first step to ensure that they  are not doing business with the Federal Government or any firms that  are relying on U.S. taxpayer dollars and also that ZTE in particular  faces the stiffest penalties possible for its recidivist behavior in  violating sanctions and lying to U.S. investigators.   We still have more to do, and I suspect we will be back together  either in the Senate Banking Committee or on the Senate floor to try to  protect our citizens' safety and their privacy from companies that are  in essence arms of the Chinese Communist Party. We will be working  together in the coming months, as this bill moves forward to be  reconciled with the House of Representatives, to ensure that this very  important language stays in the bill in its final version and then gets  passed into the law.    I couldn't agree more with that. In fact, the House  version of the National Defense Authorization Act does include language  that is similar, not identical, to our language. To my knowledge, it  passed without any objection in the House from either Democrats or  Republicans--again, just showing how widespread our concern in Congress  is with Chinese telecom companies, like Huawei and ZTE.   So I am confident that working together with the Senator from  Oklahoma, the Senator Rhode Island, and our House counterparts the  final version of this bill, which we will vote on later in this year,  will have very tough language that will move us in the right direction,  protecting our citizens' safety and privacy.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   