 Mr. President, today we have a joint Commerce and  Judiciary Committee hearing on online privacy and the abuse of data  obtained by social media platforms. Ordinarily, I wouldn't come to the  Senate floor to talk about an individual legislative hearing, but this  is no run-of-the-mill event. The CEO of Facebook will be testifying,  and I believe his company and other parties have some important  explaining to do.   One question is what Facebook's priorities are and whether they are  what they should be. Facebook, of course, is a publicly traded company,  and it has a fiduciary duty to its shareholders that it shares in  common with every other shareholder-owned enterprise. Its business  model is unique. It collects information on billions of people and uses  that data to help drive its profits. One wonders whether, and at what  point, that profit motive has come to be at odds with protecting the  privacy of individual users. To me, that is one of the fundamental  questions Mr. Zuckerberg is going to have to answer today.   From testimony released yesterday, we know Facebook will admit it  made mistakes; that it didn't take a broad enough view of its  responsibility and prevent its tools from being used in ways that it  says it did not intend. That act of contrition is one we all welcome,  of course, but it will not matter much without additional action, some  of which might be even foundational to Facebook's entire business  model.   Those changes, we are told, can take some time. Meanwhile, Americans  will continue to wonder about their privacy, about who is acquiring  data about their political opinions, their personal taste, and their  preferences without their informed consent.   How much have any of us read of the terms of service for the social  media platforms that we use? They are written by lawyers for legal  purposes, which is basically to prevent any lawsuits from being  successfully filed against the company. Yet, in terms of informed  consent, which is what we ought to be focused on here, how much do  consumers really understand about how the data is used that they turn  over to these social media platforms?   Mr. Zuckerberg has an opportunity today to explain whether consumers  are really being protected in any meaningful way. It is good that  Facebook has, in recent months, shut down accounts that have had links  to the Russian Government--accounts that were used to meddle in our  last election. That is surely one actor we know who has used Facebook  in improper ways, but it never should have reached that point. The  company should have spotted this attempt of foreign influence much  earlier and contained its spread.   In our moving forward, now is the time to demand a comprehensive  accounting of internal monitoring efforts as well as the full extent of  the infiltration and manipulation of that and other social media  platforms in the past, not just by Russia but by other foreign actors,  including rogue actors.   In addition to its response to the Russia allegations, Facebook, we  have been told, has limited which online apps can literally vacuum up  information from users' profiles. Once again, this announcement only  tells us so much. We need to understand which apps are still being  allowed to mine that data and under what conditions.   We have all heard about one egregious case of this happening--a  political consulting firm, using Facebook, that improperly accessed the  private data of some 87 million users. This data was used to assemble a  psychological  [[Page S2026]]  profile to assess how people might respond to political advertising and  how they might vote in an election. When people access Facebook to  trade pictures with families and friends or to communicate with family  and talk about their most recent vacations, I doubt they realize that  data could be acquired by a third party, like Cambridge Analytica, and  that it can not only literally use that information but all of the  personal data of their friends and relatives in order to target  political messaging for its use in an election.   Facebook has historically been a platform for all ideas, as they say,  but now the company realizes that because of its business model, it has  more responsibilities. It is not just a neutral platform. It must  defend against false information, foreign government subterfuge, and  other destructive conduct, such as child pornography and human  trafficking. We know, as a result of the most recent legislation we  passed relative to human trafficking, that we have actually expanded  the responsibilities of social media platforms in the human trafficking  arena because of the threat it poses to so many innocent people.   The basic questions are whether Facebook is responsible for  misinformation in its use of its platform, for outright falsehoods, or  attempts by foreign governments to meddle in our elections by sowing  discord and disinformation. There are also some important questions  about whether Facebook is inconsistently using the data that it  collects in a way that obviously benefits itself financially but is not  sharing it on an equal basis with law enforcement or intelligence when  the intelligence community needs that information to solve crimes or to  keep the country safe.   A lot of ideas have been tossed around about how to respond to these  difficult questions. Perhaps we should treat social media platforms as  information fiduciaries and impose legal obligations on them, as we do  with lawyers and doctors, who are privy to some of our most personal,  private information.   To me, one of the most important questions is who owns that data that  we share on social media platforms and whether the data that is shared  is shared with one's fully informed consent so that consumers are  protected against consequences they had no way of anticipating and that  are damaging to their personal privacy.   Other ideas involve increased transparency, partnering with the  Federal Trade Commission, or passing new data privacy laws. They  involve giving consumers more control and requiring companies to  disclose in plain English and in nontechnical ways what information  they collect before users are presumed to have given their consent. I  look forward to exploring these and other related ideas at the hearing  later today.   Facebook and other social media platforms need to come clean with the  American people. An apology, while necessary and welcome, is not  enough. These companies must back up their words with actions that  better safeguard the American consumer and their right to privacy.  Technology can be a good thing, but it can also be abused in ways that  we need to reckon with. This afternoon's hearing will be the beginning  of those efforts in a very substantial and comprehensive way.   Mr. President, on a separate matter, we have a lot on our plate here  in the Senate apart from conducting the hearing that I just mentioned.  One of our items on our ``to do'' list is to continue to confirm the  President's nominees, who have faced an unprecedented level of  obstruction from the minority. The majority leader, Senator McConnell,  has been forced to file cloture--a formal piece of paper--on six  important nominees, many of whom will be confirmed with strong  bipartisan support, but because our colleagues on the other side refuse  to consent to the expedited consideration of these noncontroversial  nominees, we will have to literally burn up a week of the Senate's time  during which we could be doing other important work.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).   