 Mr. President, first of all, the comments that were made  by my friend from Florida are right on target.   I recall--actually, it was 30 years ago--a book that was written by  Anthony Kubek called, ``Modernizing China.'' Everything he said at that  time that was going to happen in the future has now happened with the  leaders and the freedoms that China has never known. Then, when you go  and see what is happening all around the world right now with China and  in the South China Sea--they are building all of these islands down  there. Our allies believe they are preparing for World War III, so that  is really serious stuff.   Anyway, we are going to be voting in a few minutes on moving forward  on the bill that every year, arguably, is the most significant bill of  the year. It has passed now for 57 consecutive years. We are anxious to  get to the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act.   It is our hope, as we consider the bill this week, that we can have  an open amendment process, just as we did in the committee markup,  where we considered 300 bipartisan amendments.   I am joined here by Senator Reed, who is the ranking member of the  Senate Armed Services Committee. We are all in agreement on a lot of  things, one being an open amendment process. We want to make sure  everyone has an opportunity to offer their amendments.   Unfortunately, with the rules of the Senate, it is sometimes  difficult because people can object to anything, and then everything  stops. But on this bill, I can't imagine it is going to happen because  of the significance of this bill.   We can't overstate the significance of the NDAA legislation, which  prioritizes modernizing our forces. There is widespread agreement that  we need this legislation.   Just look at some of the headlines. This weekend, the Washington Post  had an article about how the Pentagon fears we aren't keeping pace with  China and Russia in the area of hypersonic weapons. Hypersonic weapons  are weapons that move at five times the speed of sound. We are actually  behind both China and Russia in developing that capability.   We could say the same thing about the triad nuclear progress. We have  done virtually nothing in the last 10 years while we have watched China  and Russia go beyond this. Of course, these are the things we are  addressing.   On Memorial Day, the Oklahoman discussed how China and Russia have  artillery capabilities. Artillery capabilities are generally looked at  in terms of rapid fire and range, and they are ahead of us in both of  these areas.   This idea that America has the best of everything is something that  most  [[Page S3402]]  people believe, but we have fallen behind. We need not be critical of  how we got behind. That is not important now. We know where we are, and  we know we can start with this bill, and we are going to be having a  motion to advance the bill.   Let me say this. During the consideration of this bill in committee,  we had well-attended meetings. We actually considered 300 amendments  during the course of consideration in conference to bring it to the  floor out of committee, and it passed unanimously, so it is something  we worked on very closely together.   Senator Jack Reed and I worked very closely, and we had very few  disagreements. I think we both agree on this: We have to get the bill  done, and we want to have an open amendment process. If, for some  reason, there is a lot of objection to that, we will express ourselves,  and, hopefully, we will be successful.   With that, I thank Senator Reed not only for the cooperation we have  had--not just from Senator Reed--but also for his leadership in the  committee so that we could come to the point where we are today.    Mr. President, let me make one more comment because it is  not very often we come with a really significant piece of legislation  that everyone agrees on; that everyone agrees we have to have. There is  no question about that. I would say this also has the support of not  just me and Senator Reed but also the leadership in the minority and  the majority in the Senate. The one thing everyone agrees on is an open  amendment process.   It is frustrating, and I ask my friend from Rhode Island if he agrees  with this; that under the Senate rules, one person can really make it  very difficult--in fact, one person can preclude us from having any  votes on amendments just because that is the way the Senate works. Last  week, we experienced that on Thursday. We wanted to advance the bill at  that time and bring it forward, but we couldn't because of just one  individual making a demand that his amendment be heard. So I am hoping  we discourage people from doing that.   I think Senator Reed would join me in encouraging our Members to  bring their amendments down to start moving this forward before  something happens that obstructs the progress we anticipate we are  going to be enjoying.    Mr. President, there are some issues where we are going  to have a partisan difference. We already pretty much know where they  are. There are going to be some controversial votes, and that is fine.  That is the way this is supposed to be, and this is a good way to  settle it.   I recently came back from Afghanistan, Kuwait, and a lot of places  where we have our troops. Let me say that if we don't go ahead and get  this done--because we have already announced the bill being done as we  speak--we have an awful lot of troops out there who are going to really  wonder: Are we really supportive, offering our support to them, these  guys and gals who are out risking their lives and doing the heavy  lifting?   So we are anxious to get started, and we will have the vote shortly.  We will get on the bill. I would like to go ahead and start in on  amendments so, hopefully, that will take place.   With that, I yield the floor.    Let me make one comment about this. First of all, I would  say to the Senator from Tennessee how much I appreciate the courtesy he  has expressed and the way he has dealt with it and talked about his  interest. I think he and I actually had a disagreement on the content  of one of his interests, but, nonetheless, we talked it over, and we  had a chance to iron those things out. I do want to publicly thank you  for not running in and objecting and making it difficult for us to get  our jobs done.    Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 2282.    I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment  be dispensed with.    I send a modification to amendment No. 2282 to the desk.    Mr. President, for the information of all Senators, we  have just worked out a managers' package with Ranking Member Reed and  the majority and minority leaders that includes the text of 44  bipartisan amendments in the modified substitute amendment.   Those 44 bipartisan amendments are as follows: Rounds No. 2273;  Rounds No. 2275; Inhofe No. 2278; Reed No. 2283; Warner No. 2285;  Fischer No. 2286; Shaheen No. 2291; Feinstein No. 2293; Peters No.  2313; Gillibrand No. 2335, as modified; Heitkamp No. 2338; Smith No.  2340; Cardin No. 2347; Wicker No. 2351; Inhofe No. 2353; Menendez No.  2360; Cortez Masto No. 2367; Hoeven No. 2368; Perdue No. 2380; Heller  No. 2392; Inhofe No. 2402; Sullivan No. 2408; Nelson No. 2424; Van  Hollen No. 2426; Inhofe No. 2429; Gardner No. 2430; Collins No. 2436;  Young No. 2463; Cruz No. 2469; Nelson No. 2489; Wicker No. 2503;  Manchin No. 2508; Roberts No. 2513; Cotton No. 2514; Udall No. 2527;  Stabenow No. 2537; Donnelly No. 2542; Lankford No. 2553; Fischer No.  2554; Cardin No. 2562; Rubio No. 2564; Reed No. 2636; Schumer No. 2757;  Menendez No. 2683; and Smith No. 2523.   