 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. Newhouse, for his  leadership on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bill that includes  consideration of the Manage Our Wolves Act introduced by my colleague,  the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Duffy).   The legislation would remove gray wolves from the Federal endangered  species list and allow States like California to more effectively  manage local populations. As the number of gray wolves continues to  explode in population to nearly 6,000 in the lower 48 States, yet, the  species continues to be classified as endangered for nearly 40 years  now.   It really makes no sense because the numbers, they speak for  themselves.  [[Page H9520]]  Even in my district in northern California, gray wolves have reemerged  in 2015 after having been listed as extinct since 1924. Not  surprisingly, the reemergence of the gray wolf has caused a number of  problems for ranchers, their livestock, as well as citizens in their  homes with their pets, and a decimation of the wildlife population.   Cattlemen, farmers, and local communities have continued to advocate  for protections against wolves, to no avail. There had been efforts in  recent years to delay or outright ban all nighttime hunting and  trapping in California of other predators like coyotes, et cetera.  Adoption of such a ban would have disastrous, unintended consequences  for rural communities across my district and, indeed, across the West.   Any attempt to curtail or outright ban people in local communities  from protecting themselves or their own private property from these  predators, should be opposed. That is why I wrote a letter to the Fish  and Wildlife director earlier this year urging the Service to delist  the gray wolf range-wide based on overwhelming evidence supporting  delisting, based on the Fish and Wildlife Service's own 5-year  recommendation for delisting.   Management of gray wolf populations will continue to be extremely  limited unless the species is removed from the Endangered Species Act.  The fact remains, States are better equipped to responsibly manage the  local wolf populations to meet the needs of local communities,  ranchers, and livestock populations, as well as decimated wildlife  populations.   We have seen gray wolf management successes in States like Montana,  Wyoming, Michigan, and Wisconsin. It is past time that we are able to  add States like California and others to this list as well. We need  swift passage of this bill, because the endangerment and the damage  being done to local ranchers with their livestock; the endangerment to  communities, people in their homes out for a walk, is unnecessary and  it is not right.   We need these tools for local control so we don't have to  unnecessarily endanger and harass rural Americans with regulations that  are poorly thought out and, indeed, ignoring the Fish and Wildlife  Service's own recommendation to delist this species.   