 Mr. President, I spent 28 years in the private sector  before entering public service. In fact, in 2010 I was working at  RightNow Technologies in my hometown of Bozeman, MT. We were growing a  technology company there. We were creating good, high-paying jobs in  Montana--in fact, about 500 jobs there.   While I was working to grow jobs back home in Montana, President  Obama and a Democratic majority in the House and the Senate were  passing legislation that stifled job creation--in fact, costing our  economy billions of dollars and penalizing small local banks and credit  unions for the wrongdoings committed by bad actors on Wall Street.   I am talking about Dodd-Frank. Since Dodd-Frank's passage, the number  of federally insured credit unions in Montana fell by over 10 percent.  The number of Montana State chartered banks fell over 34 percent, from  64 to 44. This is no surprise because Dodd-Frank empowered more than 10  Federal agencies to write more than 400 new rules, imposing 27,000  mandates, many of which fell on these local banks and credit unions.   These small community businesses don't have the ability to keep up  with the onslaught of these new rules, new regulations, and guidance  constantly coming out of Washington following Dodd-Frank, and the  customers are suffering.   Small local banks and credit unions are uniquely capable of knowing  their customers and providing tailored financial services to meet their  customers' individual circumstances. Dodd-Frank stripped this customer  advantage away by making prohibitively difficult any loans that don't  comply with the cookie-cutter regulations.   It is interesting that in that debate back in 2010, many Republicans  warned our colleagues on the Democratic side about this, but virtually  every Democratic Senator then voted for Dodd-Frank. This difficulty  fell particularly hard on Montana's entrepreneurs, who are self- employed and don't typically have wage income. Entrepreneurship runs  deep in Montana. These banks and credit unions are truly part of our  community. They know their customers, and they are able to make loans  for their needs. They can determine the risk and make sure they are  making good loans. They serve up-and-coming small business owners, moms  and dads working to keep the family business  [[Page S1709]]  afloat, and countless farmers and ranchers across Montana.   Dodd-Frank has suffocated Montana's rural banks and credit unions  and, ultimately, it is the people of Montana who use these banks and  these credit unions, and they are the ones who have been hit the  hardest.   I wasn't here in 2010 when this bill was passed. Let me just state  that had I been on this floor then, I would have voted no on Dodd- Frank's passage. Unfortunately, the vast majority of Democratic  Senators voted yes--virtually every one of them. But I will state that  I am really happy to be here now to help undo some of the damage caused  to our rural communities and the people of Montana.   