 Mr. President, I will be subbmitting a resolution in the  U.S. Senate honoring the North Dakota State University Bison football  team, who just won their sixth national championship in 7 years.   Mr. President, I know you are a football fan, so you can truly  appreciate what a fantastic achievement that is. What NDSU has  accomplished over the last 7 seasons is absolutely extraordinary. With  our victory on Saturday, the Bison have now won six national football  championship series division I national titles in 7 years. That ties  them for the most of all time. Also, in each of the past 7 years, they  have won or shared the top spot in the Missouri Valley Football  Conference championship.   We also want to congratulate the James Madison University Dukes on an  outstanding year. We had five championships in a row. The Dukes managed  to beat us last year in a semifinal game, and we came back and avenged  that loss in a thrilling championship game in Frisco, TX. It went down  to the final play. It was a very, very exciting game.   Winning a national championship is not easy, and this success,  reflected both on and off the field, is earned through hard work and  dedication. We recognize and congratulate all of the incredible players  and Coach Klieman and his tremendous coaching staff, who put in  countless hours of practice and preparation.   We also recognize the importance of good leadership from athletic  director Matt Larsen, NDSU president Dean Bresciani, and everyone at  NDSU, all the coaches and the staff, team members, and really everybody  who is part of Bison Nation. North Dakotans travel with our team. They  show up in Bison Nation, and their cheering and supporting our great  team is a huge part of our incredible victories.   We congratulate Easton Stick, the quarterback, for achieving MVP  honors and leading a tremendous offensive effort by the Bison and also  Nick DeLuca, middle linebacker, for leading an incredible defensive  effort. These were two tremendous defenses--James Madison and North  Dakota State Bison--fast, strong, and it was a thrilling game and fun  to watch.   I want to compliment James Madison not only on their program but on  all their fans and supporters--a real class act. I am very impressed  with James Madison University--their students, their team, and all of  their alumni, who also turned out in force for what was a tremendous  game in Frisco, TX.   With that, I submit this resolution to the U.S. Senate honoring the  North Dakota State Bison.   Mr. President, I have just one other thing to say: Go Bison.   With that, I yield the floor.   