 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this  time.   Mr. Speaker, I oppose this rule. This week the House is considering  dozens of bills to combat the opioid epidemic. These are small  bipartisan bills that we all support, but they are simply not enough.   Our country is in the midst of the greatest public health emergency  in decades. We have all heard the grim statistics, so I won't repeat  them, yet none of the bills that we are considering this week provide  the dedicated and sustained resources we need to combat this crisis.   President Trump's own Council of Economic Advisers found that the  opioid crisis likely cost our Nation more than $500 billion in just 1  year. We cannot just nibble around the edges. We cannot just rearrange  the deck chairs on the Titanic. We must treat the opioid epidemic like  the true public health emergency that it is.   I offered an amendment that could have changed this, but the House is  not being allowed to consider it. Earlier this year, I introduced the  CARE Act, with Senator Elizabeth Warren, modeled directly on the highly  successful Ryan White Act, which the Congress passed with bipartisan  support in 1990 to address the AIDS crisis.   My amendment would invest in comprehensive, evidence-based treatment  for opioid and substance use disorders by authorizing up to $100  billion over 10 years to help States, localities, nonprofits, the CDC,  the NIH, and other public health entities working on the front lines of  this epidemic to save so many lives.   The CARE Act has been endorsed by more than 30 organizations,  including provider groups, local government associations, and public  health organizations. My Republican colleagues blocked it from being  considered.   They argue that we do not have the money to pay for it. My amendment  would have been fully paid for by rolling back just a fraction of the  tax giveaways that my Republican colleagues and President Trump handed  out to drug companies and other wealthy corporations.   Mr. Speaker, do you know what the drug companies did with their  massive tax cuts? They pocketed the money. Then they announced that  they would spend tens of billions of dollars buying back their own  stock to benefit their shareholders. So far, they have announced stock  buybacks totaling $50 billion, and Pfizer and AbbVie, both companies  that sell and market opioids, each announced buybacks of $10 billion.   Do we really believe it is more important to give drug companies tens  of billions of dollars in tax breaks than it is to address the most  deadly health crisis in three decades? Is that really where our  priorities lie? I say we are better than that.   This crisis does not discriminate based on politics. People are dying  in red States, blue States, and purple States. Our priorities should be  saving the lives of our fellow Americans. They are counting on us to  lead.    Finally, I could not leave this podium without noting  the staggering hypocrisy of those who claim that they want to help  Americans struggling with substance use disorder while at the same time  sabotaging the Affordable Care Act.   Right now, the Trump administration is threatening the health  coverage of millions of Americans with preexisting health conditions,  which include substance use disorders.   About 2.6 million people in my State of Maryland have preexisting  conditions. We cannot go back to the bad old days when our family,  friends, and neighbors were discriminated against because they got  sick.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to oppose this rule.   