 Mr. Speaker, I certainly want to thank the gentleman  from Missouri (Mr. Clay) for his leadership and for his work on this  committee; and, also, my friend from Alabama (Mr. Palmer) for the work  he does on this committee.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1209, which will rename  a post office facility in my district at 901 North Francisco Avenue in  Mission, Texas, as the Mission Veterans Post Office.   Across my district, fine men and women of all walks of life have  honorably served our country, and it is critical that we honor their  service and their dedication. Mission alone is home to over 2,000  veterans, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Dedicating this post  office to our veterans will serve as an enduring reminder of the  sacrifices that our friends, neighbors, and families have made while  serving their country. These individuals put country ahead of self, and  I am proud to recognize them with the dedicating of this post office  facility.   Today in particular, I want to acknowledge the sacrifice of Captain  Joaquin Castro from Mission, Texas. Captain Castro joined the Army Air  Corps in 1941 and served as a B-17 pilot in the Pacific theater. He was  stationed at Hickam Field in Hawaii during the Japanese attack on Pearl  Harbor, where his airfield was extensively damaged and suffered heavy  casualties. However, Captain Castro would go on to serve several  missions against enemy forces before being declared missing in action  during a bombing mission.   He received the National Defense Service Medal, the Distinguished  Flying Cross, and the Air Medal with an Oak Leaf Cluster. Captain  Castro would eventually be honored with an elementary school named  after him in his hometown in Mission, Texas. He was known to be a  humble and diligent individual who served in a variety of jobs before  joining the military. He was a janitor; he was a school bus driver; and  he was a stenographer also.   We owe our freedom to veterans like Mr. Castro, which is why I am  recognizing him with the dedication of this post office, not only for  his service but also that of the other veterans. He is just one example  of many veterans who have made countless sacrifices for their country  in the face of danger. The bravery and the commitment of our veterans  to our Nation demonstrates what it really means to be an American, the  essence of an American.   Mr. Speaker, I would also, at this time, take a moment to thank the  veterans organizations throughout my district for their tireless work  in providing the care that our veterans need. Let us remember and  express our gratitude to these courageous people: the veterans, their  families, as well as their caregivers.   In the words of President John F. Kennedy: A nation reveals itself  not only by the men it produces but also by the men it honors, the men  it remembers.   And, of course, we include women in that quote also.   This bill allows us to show our appreciation for the veterans of  Mission, Texas, and to make sure that their sacrifice to our country is  not forgotten.   