 Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. Johnson for his work on this  amendment.   This amendment would require the Secretary to consider measures  already in place or proposed to mitigate species or habitat loss when  determining whether Federal action is likely to jeopardize existing  work taking place. This would help address agriculture's ongoing  concerns with the Endangered Species Act by recognizing the habitat  protections and benefits already being provided through USDA  conservation program practices that farmers and ranchers implement on  their land.   Farmers are our best stewards of the land and environment, and I  applaud efforts that take into account the good work the ag industry is  already doing to prevent habitat and species loss. I urge my colleagues  to prevent duplicative measures that may compromise conservation  progress by voting in support of the Johnson amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I rise this morning to support the  Hollingsworth amendment, which would allow the Secretary of the  Interior to issue depredation permits to livestock farmers authorizing  the taking of black vultures during calving season.   Currently, the black vulture is protected under the Migratory Bird  Treaty Act. I don't know why they are all migrating to my district, and  that is where they all live and they are not leaving.   The current permit process doesn't provide farmers the flexibility  they need to adequately protect calves from black vulture attacks. By  allowing the Secretary of the Interior to work with Fish and Wildlife  to issue State or regionwide depredation orders, we will provide  farmers with the ability to protect their livelihood.   This isn't just about giving farmers flexibility; it is also about  being humane. If you have ever seen a black vulture attack calves, that  is not something you want to see more than once.   It is time we give our cattle farmers the authority to legally handle  this dire situation.   I want to point out that the ranking member's comments are very  relevant to me, as well, with cormorants. We have a big problem with  cormorants, as well, in my district. So, certainly, we need to be  taking these issues into consideration.   