 Madam President, I have just returned from Puerto Rico. I  went there at the invitation of Governor Rossello. I spent time with  his Secretary of Housing. I spent time with members of his executive  staff.   I went up into the mountains to a city named ``Las Piedras,'' a city  of some 30,000 people. According to the mayor, who took me around and  showed me a number of the residential neighborhoods, 30 percent of that  city does not have electricity.   It has been 8 months since the two hurricanes--first Maria and then  Irma--hit the island of Puerto Rico, our fellow U.S. citizens. There  are still major parts of the island that do not have electricity.   In this town of 30,000 people, you go to different locations, and in  one particular location farther up in the mountains, there is no  electricity.   I asked the residents: How are you coping? What do you do?   They had a generator, but because of the shortage of fuel and the  cost of fuel, they can't run the generator all the time. Basically,  they use it for necessities, such as cooking and other chores during  the day. Therefore, they have no refrigeration.   I asked: What do you do?   They showed me. A fellow had just come from the grocery store down  the mountain. Every day, they have to go get their groceries that are  perishable and cook them and consume them that day because they do not  have refrigeration. This is 8 months after the hurricane. Can you  imagine that happening in any of our States on the mainland? Can you  imagine the degree of anger and insistence that there be a full  recovery? Yet this is happening to fellow U.S. citizens on the island  of Puerto Rico.   They are coping. They are a very industrious and inventive people. As  they recover, they are looking at new ways instead of just relying on  what in the past has been a dilapidated electrical grid. Tesla has come  in. I inspected this pilot project up on top of the mountain. It is an  array of solar cells--the most efficient that have been produced--and  that array of solar panels is supplying electricity full time to 12  houses up on the mountain. We need more of that. We need more of that  as a backup to the electrical grid and in some cases a replacement for  the electrical grid since it has been so unreliable in the past.   I wanted to bring this report to the Senate. Puerto Rico will make  it. Although jobs are scarce, although many thousands have fled to the  mainland to stay with relatives, although many of those I met--thank  goodness FEMA extended the temporary housing assistance to get those  families through the end of the school year, as their children would  have been uprooted in the middle of final exams and their graduations  would have been disrupted had that temporary assistance not been  extended through the end of June. Many of them want to go back, but  there is no job to go back to, and there is a home that is now  completely filled with mold and mildew. So what do they have to return  to? I think we will see some number of them make their new life on the  mainland. Many of those, of course, have come to my State of Florida.   My report to the Senate is that we have to do more. The Army Corps of  Engineers has to keep pressing on with rebuilding the electrical grid.  We must also go out and try to set up as many alternate electricity  projects--like Tesla--as we can, and hopefully we will see some return  to normalcy. You would have thought that 8 months after a hurricane,  that would have already occurred. It has not, and I am sad to report  this to the Senate.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   