 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Garamendi for  his passion and his profound words on this very difficult subject, not  only for Members of the United States Congress, but also for many  Americans across the country.   I had an opportunity yesterday, along with several other Members of  Congress, including Bennie Thompson, the ranking Democratic Member on  the Homeland Security Committee; Sheila Jackson Lee; Frederica Wilson;  Ben Ray Lujan; and Filemon Vela, to visit two sites where these young  kids are being kept in the Rio Grande Valley in Texas--one of them,  Casa Padre; the other one, Casa Presidente.   When we were there, I and a few other Members of Congress met two  young children who were being held without their parents. They were  separated from their parents.   One of them was named Roger, an 8-month-old boy--8 months old. The  administrators told us that his mother is actually deceased, and they  believe that he had come to the country with his sister, but she was  nowhere to be found.   The other was a young girl named Leah. She was 1 year old, and she  was separated from her parents.   These are among the youngest victims of this brutal policy of  President Trump in separating young children from their parents.   Most Americans believe that we can enforce our immigration laws and  still respect human dignity and human rights. But in going down the  road that this President has taken us, he is taking us down a road  where we are losing our own humanity. He is taking us down a road that  is reminiscent of the worst episodes and moral failures in the  country's history, the things that, as Americans, we deeply regret.   Also, we have been asked by many Americans over the last few weeks in  particular a common question as Members of Congress: ``What are you  doing to stop this?'' We are pushing legislation. We are out on the  streets. We are organizing rallies. We are doing every single thing  that we can to change this, to end it.   I want to say thank you to my colleagues that were with me yesterday.  Thank you also to Nancy Pelosi and the members of the Congressional  Hispanic Caucus who visited San Diego; to Beto O'Rourke and Joe  Kennedy, who were in Tonillo near the tent cities, near El Paso; to  Frank Pallone, Hakeem Jeffries, and Jerry Nadler who were out in the  New York-New Jersey area; and Debbie Wasserman Schultz and others who  were in Florida.   Thank you to the folks in the Senate who also made a trip to McAllen,  and to Senator Merkley, without whose help and support a few weeks ago  in Brownsville, this issue would not nearly have had the same amount of  attention.   This year marks 50 years since we lost two titans in American  history, Martin Luther King, Jr., and Robert F. Kennedy. Fifty-two  years ago, in a famous speech that he gave in South Africa on their Day  of Affirmation, Senator Robert F. Kennedy said back then: ``Moral  courage is a rarer commodity than bravery in battle or great  intelligence. Yet it is the one essential, vital quality for those who  seek to change a world that yields most painfully to change.''   What we are asking is for this Congress to have the moral courage to  listen to the American people and do right by these immigrants.    Yes, we went into the shelter, and we visited  two of them. At one of them, there were about four or five infants.  They had something called an infants room. At least  [[Page H5277]]  two of those infants--one of them 8 months named Roger, the other one a  year old named Leah--had been separated from their family members. They  were being taken care of by staff.   But it was jarring to go into a room, to see young babies, and to  realize that their parents or their family members were nowhere to be  found, and that this is now standard government practice under the  Trump administration.    Absolutely. In fact, when we went into the  second center, we asked them: ``Well, who is held here?'' And the  administrator said: ``Children between zero and 12 years, and the  youngest one we have right now is 8 months.''   