 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I would like to share with the Senate and  those following this debate a story about a man named Alton Mills.   Alton Mills was a young African American in the city of Chicago. He  was an above-average high school student. It looked like he might even  go on to higher education, but he had some bad luck when it came to  employment and jobs, and he made a stupid decision. He made a stupid  decision by becoming part of a gang in the neighborhood that was  selling drugs.   As a result of that, he was arrested and convicted of the possession  and sale of a small amount of narcotics. The sentence was suspended  because he had had no previous criminal record.   It happened a second time. Again, he didn't serve a day in jail. It  was suspended with the promise that he would never do it again, but he  stumbled and did it a third time. As a result of that, in 1994, at the  age of 24, Alton Mills was given a mandatory sentence of life in  prison. He had never been involved in a violent crime. He had never  used a firearm, and he never was a drug kingpin but had been involved  in the sale of drugs. At the age of 24, he received a life sentence for  the three incidents I just mentioned.   How could we have ever reached a point at which a person would be  sent to jail for life for those three crimes?   We reached that point because 25 years ago we did something that was  just plain wrong. You will seldom hear a Senator say this in the course  of a speech, but I am going to say it. The worst vote I ever cast in my  life in the House or in the Senate was for the 100-to-1 sentencing  disparity between crack cocaine and powder cocaine. In other words, if  you took the same amount of cocaine and if it were in a powder form,  sitting next to the same amount of cocaine in a crystallized form that  could be smoked and if you were arrested for the possession of one or  the other, the sentence for crack cocaine was 100 times what it was for  powder cocaine.   Why did we do that? Why did we have such a gross disparity? It was  because we were frightened.   As a Member of the House of Representatives, I remember it well. They  came to us and said that there was a new form of cocaine on the  streets. It cost 5 bucks, and it was heavily addictive. If a mother  were to ingest this cocaine while being pregnant, it could harm the  fetus for life. So do something.   At about that same time, there was this great scandal here in  Washington, DC, of an outstanding basketball player at the University  of Maryland, named Len Bias, who overdosed on drugs and died. People  were talking about his career in the NBA and this great talent, and he  was dead. It had nothing to do with crack cocaine, but it was part of  the environment and part of the overreaction that took place among  politicians in Washington. I was one of them. I voted for that 100-to-1  disparity and said we had to accept a hard, tough message right now. We  did--100 to 1.   It didn't have any measurable impact on drug sales in the United  States, but it had a measurable impact on the number of people who were  incarcerated in the United States and the lengths of their  incarcerations. Those votes that I and many like me cast on both sides  of the aisle resulted in mandatory sentences for people like Alton  Mills--life sentences. Let me tell you how the Alton Mills story ends  before I go on.   After serving 24 years in prison for those three street sales, Alton  Mills came to my attention through a criminal defense attorney named-- of all things--MiAngel Cody. She was Alton's angel. That is for sure.  She fought for him, and she believed that he deserved better than to  spend the rest of his life rotting in prison for those stupid decisions  he made in his early life. I appealed to President Obama to commute his  sentence, and the President agreed to do that. So, after all of that  service behind bars, Alton Mills was released.   What is he doing today?   He is a mechanic at the Chicago Transit Authority. He repairs the  buses that I ride on. He got married. He is now working with his  daughter and his new grandchild. He is contributing to society. He is a  community college student, where he is pursuing an associate's agree.  Finally, his life is on the right track. If he had not received a  pardon, Alton Mills would have died in prison because of our existing  Federal sentencing laws.   Yesterday, something happened which is remarkable. President Donald  Trump had a press conference with representatives of law enforcement  and announced that he was going to support legislation, which I have  been working on for quite some time with Senator Lee and Senator  Grassley, to change the sentencing provisions that I have described to  you. What an amazing coalition--Durbin on the Democratic side, Grassley  and Lee on the Republican side, and now President Trump. The stars are  lined up in a way that we seldom see in Washington, DC.    What we are going to set out to do with this bill, if we can pass it  in the closing weeks of this session, is to give a chance to thousands  of people who are still serving sentences for nonviolent offenses  involving crack cocaine under the old 100-to-1 ruling to petition  individually, not as a group, to the court for a reduction in the  sentencing.   I have been through this. It is not easy. They have to go right back  to the U.S. Attorney's Office that prosecuted them to get the thumbs up  and approval to go forward. Many times, they turn to victims, if there  are victims in the crime, before any decision is made. They turn to the  judges, particularly those sentencing judges who are still on the  bench. If they clear all of those hurdles, they have a chance for  reductions in their sentences.   Senator Grassley and I are about to introduce legislation that  President Trump endorsed yesterday, and we will begin working to build  bipartisan support to pass it before we leave. Congress needs to pass  this legislation. We have a different drug crisis facing us  [[Page S7022]]  today. It isn't crack cocaine anymore. It is an opioid epidemic. It is  a Federal epidemic. It is the deadliest drug epidemic that we have ever  faced.   We have a totally different view of drugs than we did when Alton  Mills was sentenced. In those days, most of the defendants were people  of color--primarily African Americans. Yet today this opioid epidemic  has gone far beyond the hood. It has gone far beyond the inner city. It  affects suburbs, even the wealthiest of suburbs, and towns--rural  towns--no matter how small they are.   People are starting to think anew about what to do with drug  addiction. Is our goal to put people in prison for drug addiction or is  our goal to end the addiction? We know that in some cases those who  have been imprisoned will not use again. Many times, they will. We  know, if people go successfully through treatment, they may be spared  the addiction, and it may save their lives. We are coming of age when  it comes to drugs in America.   What we try to do with this bill is also to take into consideration  criminal defendants who meet certain limited criteria, such as with  drug offenses, which is the No. 1 prosecution offense in our Federal  system. It takes into consideration drug offenders who are not  kingpins, who are not the bosses and are not involved in any violence  in the crime, when there is no gun involved and if they are willing to  cooperate with the government in closing down the drug operation. If  they meet all of those criteria, we say that the court can take that  into consideration in sentencing. I think that is a good thing.   I think, in Alton Mills' situation, it would have resulted in a much,  much different sentence than what he faced before the commutation by  President Obama.   We also want to make certain that in the future those who were  sentenced under the old 100-to-1 disparity, as I mentioned earlier,  could petition the government for a reconsideration of their sentencing  on an individual basis. There will be no guarantee that they will be  released, but they will have the opportunity to petition in those  situations. I think this is a step in the right direction.   The bill also contains provisions which, I think, are extraordinary  when it comes to prison reform. What are we going to do with all of  these people? Most of those who are in prison will be coming out  someday. Will they come out to commit another crime or create another  victim? That would be a failure of the system completely.   Two Senators--one Republican, Senator John Cornyn of Texas, and one  Democrat, Senator Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island--came together  with the prison reform bill that has already passed the House with 386  votes, and we have improved it some in the Senate. Basically, it gives  to those who are in prison an incentive to develop skills and training  and education levels that will serve them when they leave in order to  reduce recidivism and reduce the commission of crime in the future.   I think that is humane. It is sensible. It says to those who truly  want to turn their lives around that we are going to give you a chance  to prove it. Prove it with your actions, and we will give you a chance  to be released earlier and have a chance to go into society in a  positive way.   We brought these two together--criminal sentencing and prison reform.  It doesn't happen very often around here. The last time we had any  measurable impact on the subject was 8 years ago. It was 8 years ago  when I introduced my first bill on criminal sentencing reform. I think  that bill worked, which, incidentally, I cosponsored with former  Senator Jeff Sessions. It gave the individuals an opportunity to  petition for early release. In many cases, it saved their lives and  gave them a chance. We are back with a bipartisan bill that is called  the FIRST STEP Act. This bill, I think, deserves our consideration in  the Senate as quickly as possible.   Do you see this empty Senate floor? This is a place to do business.  We have some business to do. In the 3 weeks we will be in session at  the end of November and in the month of December, we can easily pass  this legislation. I sat down with Senator Grassley and Republican and  Democratic leaders from the House. They are anxious--we are all  anxious--to bring this up. I am going to plead with Senator McConnell  and ask everyone to join me to put this measure on the calendar. I  believe it will have strong bipartisan support. Democrats and  Republicans will join in an effort endorsed by President Trump. How  about that for your headline? You don't see that sort of thing  happening very often. We have a chance to do it here with this revised  FIRST STEP Act.    I thank all those who have worked so hard on it, starting with Mike  Lee, my original cosponsor. I would add to that Chuck Grassley, who has  been a terrific partner from start to finish in making this a  bipartisan effort. Special thanks to Senators Cornyn and Whitehouse for  marrying up their prison reform package with our sentencing reform  package. This could be significant. It could be one of the most  important things we do when it comes to criminal justice, not only this  year but for a long time.   I commend my colleagues for their cooperation on that, and I hope we  can get this job done in the closing weeks of this session.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. Coons) and  the Senator from Florida (Mr. Nelson) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. Murphy)  and the Senator from Florida (Mr. Nelson) are necessarily absent.   