 Mr. Speaker, let me, at the outset, as Chairman Shimkus  did, express how special it was to watch a chairman and a staff  director work, I think I daresay, as peers, as a team. That is very  unusual in a place where titles seem to matter more than they ought to  and more than they do other places.   I did have the opportunity to know Ray a little bit when I was on the  North Dakota Public Service Commission, and he served on the Oregon  Public Utility Commission. In fact, our terms mirrored exactly one with  the other.   A lot has been said about Ray's commitment to service, and I think it  is undeniable. I think of the things he could have done and probably  could have made a lot more money doing, but he chose, instead, to serve  people. He serves as a testimony, frankly, in many respects. This  opportunity we have tonight to pay tribute to Ray and his memory is a  furtherance of his testimony, that we here, even in Washington, D.C.-- yes, even here in the swamp; yes, for all the people who watch us  wondering if there is any decency among us, we really are a family. So  our tribute tonight is testimony to that because it is really testimony  to his life. He served as such a great example to all of us.   A lot has been said about Ray's sense of humor. Until you get to know  him, he could make you off guard a little bit every now and then. I  always appreciated, though, that Ray had an ability to take a serious  moment seriously, take a serious issue seriously, but never take us too  seriously. He allowed us to sort of gain perspective because he had  such a good perspective. Oftentimes, it was his ability to make us  laugh and to find the humorous anecdote in a moment.   He was always calm. We can use a lot more calm. Maybe people don't  know this, but each of us has really big, important issues that are  absolutely life-changing and life-affecting and the most important  thing in the world to us. Then we bring them to the greater good, to  the larger group, and Ray had an ability to boil it down and, again,  put it in perspective for each of us individually as well as all of us  collectively. That is why he was such a great leader for all of us, the  ability to balance intellect with humor, to be funny without being  frivolous, being respectful while also joking with us, cajoling us, as  the chairman said, with everybody from the Speaker to the Sergeant at  Arms, to the freshman class. He had a tremendous ability.   So, Mr. Speaker, to Chairman Walden, Kristine, and the family, we are  all part of your family tonight. We all are hurting, and we all are  mourning. It is hard to sugarcoat it. This thing called death is awful,  this awful disease called cancer. Ray had the opportunity to serve with  us in a committee that works to try and eradicate diseases. He was very  helpful as we worked on important legislation to do exactly that,  things like 21st Century Cures and other healthcare legislation.   We are all better for having known Ray. Tonight we are just a little  bit sad about it to say the least. God bless Kristine, the kids, and  the grandbabies. I thank the chairman for his friendship, to Ray, and  the way that was transferred--not just transferred, but aggregated, and  in a dynamic way for all of us, he served as such a great example.   