 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this weekend President Trump will head to  Argentina for the G20 summit, where he is expected to meet with  President Xi of China to discuss our trading relationship.   Now, I have opposed the President on most things. That is hardly a  secret. But we agree--we actually agree--on the issue of China. In  fact, I agree more with President Trump's views on China than I did  with either President Bush or Obama, and I have been supportive of the  administration's aggressive course of action on China.   China must be made to understand that we are dead serious about  changing its behavior on trade: to allow foreign companies to compete  in its markets, to end illegal dumping of cheap goods into our markets,  and, most importantly, to end the abusive practice of technology  transfers and trade espionage that threatens our intellectual property  and know-how. These things don't just threaten our intellectual  property, an abstract concept. They threaten good-paying jobs--millions  of them--and wealth, billions and trillions of dollars that China has  stolen, literally and figuratively, through its unfair practices.   When we have a good product, you can't sell it in China unless you  transfer the technology, but they sell tons of things here.   My father-in-law--my late father-in-law--a New York City cabdriver,  sometimes said: We are not Uncle Sam; we are Uncle Sap.   Well, in the case of China, that has been the case for too long, and  President Trump, to his credit, is beginning to reverse that. Yet  despite an initial wave of tariffs, China has not offered meaningful  concessions on any of the items I have mentioned.   Ambassador Lighthizer recently put out a report concluding that China  is still rapaciously stealing American intellectual property. In fact,  the number of Chinese state-sponsored cyber attacks has been rising. So  we need to stay the course until China feels the heat.   That is why I was deeply disturbed--very disturbed--to read this  morning in the New York Times that President Trump and his advisers--at  least some of them--are already considering backing down on further  action against  [[Page S7150]]  China in order to reach an agreement at the G20.   Let me be clear to the President. Backing off on China for some quick  handshake agreement without substantive--real, deep, substantive-- commitments, will be seen as a victory by no one. It will be seen as  capitulation. It will be seen as weak to cave on tariffs this early  before China starts to feel the real pressure and come to a real, deep,  and long-lasting agreement that is worth having.   So, Mr. President, don't back down on China. American jobs and  American wealth are at stake. You have headed out on a correct course,  but you have to follow through. All too often this administration  starts out doing something and then backs off. It cannot happen.   I am worried--deeply worried--because I love America and I want us to  be No. 1 economically, as well as in every other way. I fear that  Trump's eagerness to make a deal--any deal, just like he did with North  Korea in Singapore--will be devastating to the long-term interests of  the United States. Now that we are finally putting the screws to China,  we cannot relent for the sake of a photo-op at the G20.   Yes, our actions will cause some pain, but in the long term, there is  much more gain than pain. If we ever needed to do something, it is now.  I don't agree with treating Canada or Europe the same as China. That is  for sure. But China is a different, different breed of economic cat,  and they are robbing us, stealing from us, doing everything they can to  become No. 1 economically at our expense, not in a fair competitive way  but in a way that is one-sided.   So today, I will be sending a letter to President Trump with some  colleagues laying out this position, saying to the President: Please,  don't back off on China. American jobs and American wealth depend on  it.   