 Mr.President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  remarks.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr.President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  remarks.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr.President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  remarks.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr.President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  remarks.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I want to thank all of my colleagues on  this side of the aisle who have joined in this debate and are having  their voices heard. You are on the right side of history. You are where  America will be. It is just a matter of time until we get there.   To my colleagues on the other side, I appreciate your passion, but I  think you are on the wrong side of history.  [[Page S543]]    What we are trying to do here today is to proceed to a bill. It is  called a motion to proceed. But I think what we are trying to do is  proceed to a better America. We are one of seven nations on the entire  planet to allow abortion on demand after 20 weeks; that is, the fifth  month of pregnancy.   What do we know about unborn children at that stage of development?  We know that for a doctor to operate on that unborn child, they provide  anesthesia because it hurts the child, and no doctor wants to hurt the  child in an effort to save the child's life. Listen to what I said.  Medical practice dictates that if you are going to operate on a 20- week-old, unborn child, you provide anesthesia because science tells us  that the baby can feel pain.   Can you only imagine the pain it will feel from abortion? There is a  reason that there are only seven countries in the world that allow  this. The question for America is, Do we want to stay in this club or  do we want to get out? I want out.   Twenty States have a version of this bill, and more are taking it up  as I speak. When informed of what we are trying to do, the majority of  pro-choice people support this. Abortion is a divisive issue, and it is  an emotional issue, but in the fifth month of pregnancy, I think most  Americans are going to side with what we are trying to do--stopping  abortion on demand in the fifth month.   Does it make us a better nation? I would say it does not.   So we are trying to proceed to make sure that America will be a  better place and that we become part of the mainstream of the world  when it comes to protecting unborn children after the fifth month of  pregnancy.   If you look at a medical encyclopedia and read about the birthing  process, parents are encouraged in the fifth month to sing to a child  because the child will begin to associate your voice with you. Read it.  There is literature of all kinds stating what you should do in the  fifth month to enhance the relationship between you and your unborn  child.   We do allow exceptions to save the life of the mother. It is a  terrible situation when we have to pick between the mother and child,  and there is an exception for that situation. The result of rape or  incest if the child was a minor--when it comes to a pregnancy caused by  a rape, we require that the law enforcement authorities be notified of  the rape before the abortion, not at the time it occurred, and I think  most Americans would want people to come forward and report rape.   It is a difficult situation, but we have commonsense exceptions, and  this is a commonsense bill designed to change America in a commonsense  way. It is a motion to proceed to put us in better standing as a nation  in the world at large, I believe. It is also a motion to withdraw-- withdraw from the club of seven nations that allows abortion on demand  at a time when doctors can save the baby's life, but to do so they have  to provide anesthesia because that baby can feel so much pain.   Savannah Duke is a young lady in South Carolina. She is 17 years old.  She goes to high school in Spartanburg, SC. She does all the things  that a 17-year-old would do. She is an incredibly gifted young lady. At  20 weeks, it was discovered that she was missing a leg, and the doctors  feared she would have severe birth defects. Her parents, Wendy and  Scott, when deciding what to do, could see the baby move, and they  decided not to opt for an abortion. She is in high school today.   There is Micah from Iowa, as you probably heard from Senator Ernst,  who has been a stalwart on this issue. He was born at 20 weeks and is  alive today to tell about it.   This is not about medical viability. Roe v. Wade says that there is a  compelling State interest to protect the unborn at medical viability. I  would argue that the difference between medical viability in 1973 and  2018 is enormous. What we are trying to do is provide a new theory to  protect the unborn, and it goes something like this: Can a legislative  body prohibit an abortion on demand at a time when science tells us  that the baby feels excruciating pain, at a time when science tells us  that parents should sing to their child, at a time when science tells  us that a baby has well-connected tissues and can feel pain and, on  occasion, can also survive? My answer is yes; it is OK for Congress and  State legislators to pass laws saying that in the fifth month, we are  going to disallow abortion on demand. There will be exceptions, but  they will be rare. There are 10,000 cases every year that are protected  by this law.   So what are we trying to do? We are trying to proceed forward to a  better day in America. We are trying to get out of a club where there  are only six other members. We are trying to reconcile the law with  science.   To my friends on the other side who talk about science a lot, count  me in. Science is very important. We should listen to our scientists.  When it comes to climate change, I do. I am convinced that climate  change is real.   You should listen to what doctors tell you about the unborn child in  the fifth month. You should listen to what medical science is able to  do to save the child's life. You should listen to the stories of people  who actually make it at 20 weeks. You should understand that  excruciating pain is felt by an unborn child in the fifth month, and  America does not want to be in the club of seven countries that allow  abortion on demand.   I don't know where the vote will turn out. It is probably going to be  short of 60, but to those who believe in this issue, we will be back  for another day. We are never going to give up until we get America in  a better place. The better place, I think, would be having a country  that recognizes that, in the fifth month of pregnancy, the law will be  there for the child, because science is on the child's side, and we  will reconcile our laws to science.   We know what science says about a baby in the fifth month. We know  what the law says: They can be aborted on demand. I think there is a  disconnect, not only between science and law but between what is right  and where we are today. I just don't see how this makes us a better  nation, to continue this practice of allowing babies to be aborted on  demand in the fifth month of pregnancy when we know they feel a lot of  pain. I just don't see how that makes us a better nation. We will get  there, Mr. President, with your help and the help of others.   A majority of the American people are on our side when they  understand what we are trying to do. There are 20 States who have some  version of this, and it is just a matter of time until most States  will.   As to this debate, I don't think it is a waste of time. I want to do  two things. I want to get out of the club of seven nations that allow  abortion on demand of babies that feel excruciating pain when they are  operated on to save their lives, and I can work on behalf of the  Dreamers, too. I can do two things at once. I can talk about getting  America in a better spot when it comes to babies during the fifth month  of pregnancy and finding a better life for Dreamers. I think it is kind  of odd that somehow you can't do one without the other.   I want all of these Dream Act kids--young adults now--to stay in the  country they know. They have no other place to go. On average, they  were brought here at the age of 6 and, if you told them to go home, it  wouldn't be some foreign country. It would be the home they were raised  in and the life they know. So it makes perfect sense to me that we  should be trying to find a solution to secure our border and fix a  broken immigration system and deal compassionately with millions of  young people who, through no fault of their own, have no place else to  go but America.   It also makes sense to me that we can talk about this issue at the  same time and that we as a nation will rise to the occasion and  withdraw from a club where there are only six other nations on the  planet that allow a baby to be aborted in the fifth month of pregnancy  at a time when that child can feel excruciating pain and young parents  are encouraged to sing to the child. If science urges you to sing to  the child, I want the law to stop an abortion unless there is a darn  good reason. Our time will come, for the Dreamers as well as the baby.  Our time will come.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  [[Page S544]]        