 Mr. President, it is nice to hear my colleague's words.  I would also want to mention a few things about the same issue.   Mr. President, it has been nearly 3 weeks since the shooting at  Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, FL. Still, unfortunately, the  majority leader hasn't committed to any floor time for the debate on  the issue of gun safety--no time to debate universal background checks,  a policy that over 90 percent of Americans support, including the vast  majority of gun owners; no time to debate protective orders to allow  law enforcement to temporarily disarm individuals who have shown  credible signs of being a harm to themselves or others, especially  relevant after Parkland; no time to at least have a debate on assault  weapons and high-capacity magazines on the floor of the Senate.   The kids who survived that horrific shooting are speaking up and  speaking out and are demanding that we address this issue head-on. I  believe they are moving the conscience of the Nation. I met with them.  They are fine young men and women. Instead of just cursing the darkness  after what they went through with the losses of friends and colleagues  they suffered, they are trying to light a candle, urging us to debate  and do something real. Yet, the majority leader is moving to a banking  bill today with no promise of time to consider a package of commonsense  gun safety measures.   We need to debate them on the floor. We can't just try to do one  little bill by UC with no debate or put it into some other big bill.  This needs a national debate. This issue is consuming America, and for  the Senate to turn its back and do nothing, or to try to just slip some  minor measure through, doesn't work.   Last week, America watched President Trump whipsaw on gun safety  issues in a matter of days. All of America felt pretty good when the  President met with a bipartisan group. He seemed to be open to tackling  gun safety in a bipartisan way in a nationally televised meeting. Then,  the next day, he met with the NRA behind closed doors and seems to once  again have backed off.   It is a show we have seen before, and it is getting old. Too many  times we have watched the President say the right things when the  cameras are on but refuse to follow through the moment they are  switched off--oftentimes doing a 180-degree reversal of his position.   On the issue of gun safety, just like the issue of immigration, we  could find a bipartisan consensus. It is very possible, but it requires  the President to show some leadership, some followthrough, and some  consistency. Otherwise, Congress will do what it has done after every  mass shooting for the past decade--nothing.   Those brave, young students will be here in a few weeks, having  watched Congress do nothing again. What a black mark that will be-- lowering the even low ratings of this body.   