 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, we have Hurricane Florence bearing down on our Nation  now. The Carolinas and Georgia are inevitably going to have disaster,  destruction, and damages. What happens in the aftermath, as folks  begin looking at it, they ask the question: What could we have done  differently?    This bill, together with other legislation, is exactly what needs to  be done. This begins the process of addressing this ridiculous backlog  of $100 billion in projects that we need to move forward on, that we  need to construct, and bringing efficiencies to the table, like  allowing for States and local governments to advance these projects on  their own, taking advantage of their capabilities of greater cost  efficiencies, of streamlined permitting processes, and other  efficiencies that they are capable of doing.   This bill brings all sorts of solutions to the table, including, Mr.  Speaker, looking at whether the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers should  even be within the Department of Defense.   When I call Secretary Mattis and talk to him about Russia, China,  North Korea, Syria, and Iran, should I introduce a wetlands permit in  that conversation?   I don't think I should. It is not compatible with the agency. So we  are looking at where this mission can be a top priority, can be  properly housed, and where we can accomplish these projects much faster  than we are doing today.   Mr. Speaker, this bill also has some important things for us back  home, including recognizing the hundreds of millions of dollars in work  that our State has done to restore our eroding coastline and the  ecological productivity that goes along with it; looking at carrying  out a pilot dredge program, whereby we can issue dredging contracts  over years over multiple channels, rather than doing one channel at a  time, where we can benefit from economies of scale and, again, greater  efficiency with taxpayer dollars; and, importantly, Mr. Speaker,  ensuring that the old river control structure is not managed by a  static 70-30 split that was determined decades ago, using updated  science so we benefit navigation, the environment, and other important  priorities.   I want to thank Chairman Shuster, Congressman DeFazio, Congresswoman  Napolitano, Congressman Sanford, Congressman Rouzer, and all those  involved for their hard work on this. I urge its adoption.   