 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman  for putting this Special Order together. It is very important.   Mr. Speaker, in the 1980s, it was known for big hair, big bangs--I  know my sister had bangs about to here. I made that up. Maybe it was  here--parachute pants, mullets, and all sorts of other things that we  now recognize were awful ideas.   We have updated our thoughts, but we were still living with a Tax  Code from the 1980s, a Tax Code that was 32 years old, a Tax Code that  simply made the United States uncompetitive in regard to other nations.   Mr. Speaker, if you think about it for just a minute, if we served  hamburgers right here and, across the street, you had a place that  served the exact same product and they sold it for half the price, how  long would we be in business? How long would we still have a restaurant  right here? It wouldn't exist. It would eventually go out of business  because, across the street, they have the same product for half the  price.   Mr. Speaker, the Tax Code of the United States was placing that  burden, that penalty, or that uncompetitive nature on businesses in the  United States. They were able to go out and invest in other countries  and pay a fraction of the price that they were paying in the United  States.   So we updated the Tax Code in December, as the gentleman, the  previous speaker noted. Back in the 1980s, and--excuse me, the 1960s,  just to give some metric for comparison--17 of the top global companies  had headquarters right here in the United States. Yet, last year, it  dropped down to just 6--just 6, because companies were going to other  countries where they could get that lower rate.   And, as the gentleman noted, we have seen billions of dollars  invested in companies invested in workers. We are seeing the lowest  unemployment rate in years for women, for African Americans, for  Hispanics--6.6 million jobs available today, one of the highest numbers  we have seen in history in available jobs today. This is working.   Mr. Speaker, this is being complemented with regulatory relief. This  is being complemented with removing or rescinding old regulations,  updating and making it more efficient so we can compete on a global  scale with countries around the world. The tax bill is working, and it  is extraordinary the success that we are seeing.   For example, back in April, we saw the highest tax surplus in history  for that month. I believe it was $213 billion in surplus revenues  collected. It is extraordinary growth we are seeing, and as the  previous speaker noted, America is back. We are taking the handcuffs  off of American businesses, allowing American employment opportunities  to be available, allowing for better wages, better jobs, and better  competition here in the United States.   Mr. Speaker, back in my home State of Louisiana, we have seen  companies like Spillway Sportsman, where I have spoken to Scott, the  owner, expanding facilities and offering more services to customers. We  have seen LHC Group, a healthcare company, raising wages, providing  more in retirement benefits to their employees, and we have seen Gulf  South Bank raising their minimum wage and investing in bonuses in their  employees to ensure that those employees are reaping the benefits from  these changes in the Tax Code and the increased competitiveness in the  United States.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I will say this again. The tax bill is  working. You can look at black and white metrics. You can look at the  statistics. You can look at the fundamental change in economic growth  that is happening. And, most importantly, Mr. Speaker, you can see the  increased wages. You can see the better employment opportunities that  are being offered to American workers as opposed to investments going  overseas.    