 Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear friend and unquestioned  leading fighter for all life as the chairman of the Pro-Life Caucus,  Chairman Chris Smith. My dear friend has saved millions of lives not  just in America, but on every continent on God's Earth. It is a true  honor to join my friend tonight to fight for life.   One of America's darkest days is rapidly approaching. Forty-five  years ago, January 22, 1973, seven activist judges masquerading as  being impartial on our Supreme Court came up with a constitutional  right to kill the unborn. In Roe v. Wade, these activists create a  constitutional shadow, a ``penumbra'' on the 14th Amendment to make  abortion legal. Since that decision in 1973, America's moral values  have declined and we have attacked our decency. It reached its high  point when videos came out of Planned Parenthood personnel drinking a  large glass of wine and talking about selling baby parts.   But America is starting to rebuild her moral fiber. We now have a  strong pro-life President in Donald Trump. President Trump has  appointed a Supreme Court Justice, Justice Gorsuch, who will apply the  laws and not make laws and violate our Constitution. He knows that the  word ``penumbra'' has no business being in a Supreme Court decision.   More and more States are choosing to save lives, instead of taking  the lives of the innocent. In a few days, millions of pro-life  Americans will come to their Capital to show the world we respect all  human life at the March for Life this week. I hope that all the  activists who want to kill unborn babies leave their offensive foam  helmets at home.   I want to close with two quotes from two people very involved in this  issue. The first one is from Norma McCorvey. She is the Roe in Roe v.  Wade. She died in Katy, Texas, in my district, last February. She made  this strong confession:   ``I felt crushed under the truth of this realization. I had to face  up to the awful reality. Abortion wasn't about `products of  conception.' It wasn't about `missed periods.' It was about children  being killed in the mothers' wombs. All those years, I was wrong.  Signing that affidavit, I was wrong. Working in an abortion clinic, I  was wrong. No more of this first trimester, second trimester, third  trimester stuff. Abortion--at any point--is wrong. It is so clear.  Painfully clear.''   Mr. Speaker, my final quote is from Mother Theresa. It is short, but  says it all about the fight for life. She said:   ``It is a poverty to decide that a child must die that you must live  as you wish.''   Mr. Speaker, reject poverty and choose life.   