 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor my friend Damon Nelson, who led the  House Intelligence Committee staff on the committee very well. He  passed away unexpectedly, as mentioned by Congressman Nunes, this past  Saturday at the age of 46.   As many have known, Damon was a long-time friend and staff member of  Congressman Devin Nunes. Over time, Damon became close with many us  here. I got to know Damon through my work on California water policy.   There is a saying, ``Whiskey is for drinking; water is for  fighting,'' and that certainly was true when it comes to water in the  West, and it continues to be. However, Damon showed a unique talent for  mediating complex water issues, keeping the confidence of the  stakeholders involved.   He became an expert on California water, mentoring staff and Members  on the issue. Without a doubt, he was one of the most gifted,  intelligent, articulate negotiators on a very complex issue that  transcended political parties, regions, and, oftentimes, common sense.   He took this rare set of skills to his next role as staff director  for the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. As one of the  appropriators assigned to HPSCI, I was fortunate to be able to continue  to work with Damon. Just as he demonstrated on California water, Damon  took the helm of the committee with ease and guided it through some of  the most challenging times the committee has faced. He did all of this  with a smile and the confidence that he was working toward something  greater than himself.   His presence will be deeply missed on the committee and in Congress.  I extend my deepest condolences to his wife, Dana, and to his entire  family, including my good friend, Devin.   Damon served his country honorably in the United States Air Force,  was a veteran of the Gulf War, and was an American patriot. He came to  D.C. to make a difference, and he did.   Godspeed, Damon. We are grateful for your service, and we will honor  your memory.   