 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Missouri very  much.   Our Nation's veterans were promised access to healthcare for their  service and their sacrifice. This week we continue our work to uphold  that pledge.   The bill before us, the VA MISSION Act, aims to transform the  Department of Veterans Affairs delivery of community healthcare. That  is a welcome job.   Specifically, the VA MISSION Act consolidates and improves VA  community care programs so veterans have access to healthcare and  services in their own communities. This is important because veterans  should have access to the best healthcare and services in a timely  manner, regardless of where they live.   Under this legislation, a veteran and his or her doctor will decide  where that veteran will receive care, taking into consideration the  veteran's healthcare needs and the availability and the quality of both  VA and community care.   For largely rural States, like Arkansas, this makes all the sense in  the world. We have two VA medical centers in the Natural State, in  Little Rock and in Fayetteville, as well as facilities in neighboring  States that often serve Arkansas veterans. The healthcare providers and  staff at those facilities that are community-based outpatient clinics  in Arkansas truly do an excellent job in caring for our veterans.   But the VA medical centers are in populated areas, which, in cases  where veterans need more advanced care than the CBOC can provide, it  means a full-day trip for many veterans. It is unnecessary when a  veteran could receive similar quality care outside the VA system in  their communities. The service options provided in this bill will give  veterans who live far from the VA facility and need frequent followup  care easier access to local providers and walk-in clinics.   As noted in a letter signed by over 30 VSOs supporting the VA MISSION  Act, the legislation is an effort to ``supplement, not supplant, VA  healthcare.'' That is very important to note. Much like the Choice  Program that preceded it, the new system that will be established by  the VA MISSION Act is not meant to replace VA healthcare. Rather, it  builds on the foundation laid out by the Choice Program, which  addressed many shortcomings within the VA system that led to the wait- time process.   Last year, I launched a listening tour to hear from Arkansas veterans  about their experiences within the Choice Program, so we can better  meet their needs. I heard from Arkansas veterans who have been able to  get quality care from private providers in their own community when the  VA system could not meet their needs. That is a good thing, but as the  veterans with whom I met noted, the Choice Program had its share of  problems, its share of troubles. I heard repeated stories of  difficulties navigating the complex and confusing bureaucratic process.  This legislation aims to alleviate those problems. While VA implements  the new system, we cannot afford to let care slip for our veterans.  That is why we made sure the VA MISSION Act authorizes funding to  continue the current Choice Program for more than a year.    In addition to the improvements to healthcare delivery, the bill will  enable us to conduct better and more consistent oversight into how the  VA spends money on veterans' healthcare. This is a priority for me as  the chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Military  Construction and Veterans Affairs. We must ensure that the VA is  efficiently and effectively providing veterans with quality healthcare,  whether at a VA facility or a private facility in the community. The VA  MISSION Act will also improve the VA's ability to hire quality  healthcare professionals, strengthen opioid prescription guidelines for  non-VA providers, and create a process to evaluate and reform VA  facilities so they can best serve veterans.   I wish to quickly highlight two other important provisions of the  bill. One is the expansion of the VA caregiver benefits to veterans of  all generations. This is a long-overdue reform that will correct an  injustice that left family caregivers and veterans injured before  September 11, 2001, without critical care. Caregivers and veterans of  World War II, the Korean war, the Vietnam war, and the Gulf war will  now have access to the same benefits as the post-9/11 veterans.   The second revision is based off a bill I cosponsored that would  authorize VA healthcare professionals to provide treatment to patients  via telemedicine regardless of where the covered healthcare  professional or patient is located. The Arkansas VA medical centers are  leaders in telehealth, which holds great promise, especially for  largely rural States like Arkansas. It is important that the VA  continue to encourage its growth without unnecessary bureaucratic  redtape.   This bill is a great example of what we can accomplish through  bipartisan, bicameral compromise, working together for our veterans.   I thank the majority leader for swiftly bringing up this bill for  consideration after the House overwhelmingly passed it. I commend  Chairman Isakson's hard work and leadership. I appreciate the great job  he has done and also Ranking Member Tester, who took the advice of all  VA Committee members into consideration while working on this major  piece of legislation.   I look forward to supporting the VA MISSION Act on the Senate floor  so our veterans have access to the quality care they deserve.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   