 Madam President, there are parts of the VA MISSION Act  that I strongly support. The expansion of the Caregivers program to  veterans of all generations will help support family members who have  made enormous sacrifices for their loved ones wounded in war. Raising  the limits on the Education Debt Reduction Program, an effort that I  helped lead, will make it easier for the VA to attract the doctors and  other medical personnel they need.   I am concerned, however, that despite some very good provisions in  this bill, it continues a trend toward the slow, steady privatization  of the VA. No one disagrees that veterans should be able to seek  private care in cases where the VA cannot provide the specialized care  they require or when wait times for appointments are too long or when  veterans might have to travel long distances for that care.   The way to reduce wait times is not to direct resources outside the  VA, as this bill does, but to strengthen the VA by recruiting and  retaining the best healthcare professionals to care for the brave women  and men who rely on VA healthcare. The way to reduce wait times is to  make sure that the VA is able to fill the more than 30,000 vacancies it  currently has. This bill provides $5 billion for the Choice program. It  provides nothing to fill the vacancies at the VA. That is wrong. My  fear is that this bill will open the door to the draining, year after  year, of much needed resources from the VA.   Further, I am disappointed that the legislative process did not allow  for votes on amendments that could have made this a stronger bill. The  amendments I filed, but was prevented from offering, would have  provided equal funding for the Veterans Health Administration and the  Choice program, provided real money and a meaningful expansion of the  Caregivers program, and established a pilot program for VA dental care  in rural areas. In addition, I authored an amendment that would have  struck the AIR Act provisions that could result in the closure of VA  facilities and language clarifying that veterans may not be held  financially liable for errors made by the VA.   It is my sincere belief that these amendments would have gone a long  way to addressing the deficiencies in the bill and providing the care  and benefits our veterans have earned and deserved. I hope that my  colleagues on the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee will work with me  to make these necessary improvements in future legislation. We must do  a better job in standing together against the effort to privatize the  VA.   I acknowledge the work done by some of my colleagues to improve this  bill, but I believe it moves us too far in the direction of  privatization. That is why I will vote against it.   