 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Pennsylvania for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 302.   Hurricane Florence struck North and South Carolina last week, leading  to the loss of many lives and incredible hardship for thousands of  families. This Chamber's thoughts are with those devastated by the  storm, particularly those who lost their homes, their livelihoods, and  their loved ones.   My thanks to the House Appropriations Committee's chairs, especially  their dedicated appropriations staff for their quick action to provide  this initial supplemental appropriation of $1.68 billion included in  this legislative package. They did the same good job on behalf of the  residents of the Carolinas as they did for the victims of Harvey,  Irene, and Maria, whose issues and crises we addressed last year.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the bill in all aspects.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1077, I  call up the conference report on the bill (H.R. 6157) making  appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending  September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate  consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all  Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, it is my honor this afternoon to present the conference  report for H.R. 6157. This conference report provides full-year funding  for the Department of Defense and for the Department of Labor, Health  and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies. It also includes a  continuing resolution through December 7, 2018, for Federal Government  programs and agencies not covered by the enacted appropriations  legislation.   Congress has no greater duty than to provide for our common defense.  This legislation fulfills this constitutional responsibility. The  Department of Defense is now set to receive its full funding on time  for the first time in over 10 years.  [[Page H9041]]    Providing this stability and predictability to our military leaders  is a necessary and welcome step as we rebuild our Armed Forces. For far  too long, their dedication to duty has been weakened by declining and  uncertain budgets.   Congress has turned that around, beginning with significant  investments in last year's omnibus and continuing this year with an  additional $17 billion in base funding for the Department of Defense.   In total, the conference report provides $674.4 billion for our Armed  Forces, consistent with levels that are authorized. This funding  ensures our troops have the resources they need to defend our Nation  and succeed in their global missions. This includes funding to sustain  ongoing overseas contingency operations and to support increased troop  levels.   It also ensures our warfighters have the training, readiness, and  other resources needed to prepare for their missions, and a pay raise  of 2.6 percent.   This conference report also replenishes our military might, investing  $148 billion in new and modernized equipment and weapons platforms and  $96.1 billion for research and development to improve the lethality,  effectiveness, and safety of our defense systems.   In addition to this critical funding for our national defense, this  legislation also includes funding for vital domestic programs. The  Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies  Appropriations bill provides $178 billion for programs that protect the  health, education, and labor standards that all Americans deserve.   Funding is directed to programs that have wide national benefit, in  particular, the National Institutes of Health, which receives a $2  billion increase to bolster its lifesaving research.   Notably, funding to fight the opioid abuse epidemic receives historic  funding levels, totalling $6.6 billion. This will support treatment,  prevention, research, and other efforts to end this national crisis.   Another top priority is increased funding to keep our children safe  in schools. This includes funding for mental health and other  protective measures.   Lastly, the Labor-HHS bill invests in our future, creating economic  opportunity and helping students get ahead and be part of a well- trained 21st century workforce.   In addition to these two appropriations bills I mentioned earlier,  the conference report includes a continuing resolution through the  remaining areas of the Federal Government not covered by this or  previous bills that have already been signed into law. This will ensure  that the government, indeed, stays open for business.   Upon enactment of this legislation, Congress will have provided full- year funding for three-quarters of the Federal Government, but there is  more work to be done on the remaining appropriations bills.    Mr. Speaker, this legislation is yet another step forward to our goal  of returning to what we call regular order and fully funding the  Federal Government for the fiscal year. It is a product of months of  hard work on the part of our conference committee, led by Chairwoman  Kay Granger and Chairman  Tom Cole, along with Ranking Member Peter  Visclosky and Ranking Member Rosa DeLauro.   I thank them, of course, and I especially thank my counterpart, the  gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Lowey), my ranking member, who has  worked with me through this process as well as earlier bills. We have  had a friendship for well over 20 years of service jointly on the  Appropriations Committee.   And, yes, I thank our Senate counterparts for helping us complete  this work as well.   This conference report would not be on the floor today without the  Appropriations Committee's dedicated professional and associate staff.  I extend to all of them my deepest gratitude for their dedication,  service, and hard work.   In the front office, as we call it, Nancy Fox, my staff director;  Maureen Holohan; Shannon O'Keefe; Jason Gray; Tammy Hughes; Rachel  Kahler; Jennifer Hing; Marta Hernandez; Parker Van de Water; and Tom  Doelp; and in working closely with us in the minority, Shalanda Young  and Chris Bigelow, and others. I am grateful to all these men and women  for their professionalism and dedication.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the conference  report, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Texas (Ms. Granger), the chairwoman of the Subcommittee on  Defense.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Cole), chairman of the Labor, Health  and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies Subcommittee on  Appropriations.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield the gentleman  from Oklahoma an additional 1 minute.    I yield the gentleman from Oklahoma an additional  15 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to  the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Rogers), chairman of the State,  Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Subcommittee, my predecessor.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from California (Mr. Calvert), the chairman of the  Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee on  Appropriations.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to  the gentleman from California.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Carter), the chairman of the Homeland  Security Subcommittee on Appropriations.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my  time.   Mr. Speaker, I just want to correct the record. I introduced Judge  Carter as the chairman of the Homeland Security Subcommittee. I want to  acknowledge his former chairmanship of that committee and his able  leadership of the Military Construction Subcommittee.   And also I forgot to recognize my personal staff, Katie Hazlett, and  the wonderful people in my office--which is I think true of all of our  offices--that make us look as good as they possibly can.   And lastly, as we gather here this afternoon, we recognize that so  many young men and women are serving around the world, leaving their  families on multiple deployments. We honor their service and sacrifice.  They are truly doing the work of freedom.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from  the Speaker's table the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 47)  directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make a  correction in the enrollment of H.R. 6157, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution.   