 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this afternoon there is going to be a vote  on the Senate floor which is of historic importance. It is rare that I  use those words to describe what is going on in the Senate Chamber. It  is equally rare for us to actually take up an issue and debate it in  this Chamber, but this afternoon we will face a critical vote.   I can recall, as can most Members, many votes we have cast in the  course of service in Congress, both in the House and the Senate, but  the votes that cause loss of sleep and worry, time and again, are votes  involving war. You see, part of my responsibility in the Senate, shared  by my colleagues, under article I, section 8, is to actually vote to  decide whether the United States of America shall go to war.   The Founding Fathers were explicit. They wanted to give to Congress  that responsibility so Members of Congress could represent their  constituents--House districts and States--whom we all represent. That  created an opportunity--in effect, an obligation--for us to really  measure this grievous, important, historic decision against the  feelings of the families who would be asked to support a war with their  tax dollars or with the lives of people they love.   I can recall, back in 2001, what occurred on 9/11. Those of us alive  on that date will never forget it, but I also recall that a year later  we faced a decision right here in the Senate Chamber about whether, as  a result of 9/11, we would go to war against Iraq and Afghanistan.   There was a long debate about whether we should invade Iraq. If you  will remember, the leaders of the government told us there were weapons  of mass destruction which threatened the region and the world,  including the United States, and if we didn't move into Iraq and take  out Saddam Hussein in his capacity, we would leave the United States in  danger.   The debate went on for a long period of time, and the final vote was  cast in the early morning hours in October of 2002. I remember it well  and, for reasons I can't explain, I stayed on the floor after the vote.  There were only two or three Members of the Senate still here. It was  one of those moments where we had voted to go to war and weren't  certain about what the next step would be. There were 23 of us--1  Republican and 22 Democrats--who voted against the invasion of Iraq. I  think it was one of the most important votes I ever cast.   The representations about weapons of mass destruction turned out to  be false. We had no intelligence to back up that assertion. Yet that  was the reason we were off to war. Well, here we are, some 16 years  later, still engaged in a war in Iraq. I don't believe there is a  single Member of the Senate who that night cast a vote for the invasion  of that country who believed that 16 years later we would still be  engaged in a war in Iraq.   Subsequently, there was a vote on the invasion of Afghanistan. It was  a different circumstance. We believed Afghanistan had literally been  the sourcing point for the terrorists who struck us on 9/11 and killed  3,000 innocent Americans. The argument made by the administration was,  no one can do that to the United States of America without paying a  price. I joined the overwhelming bipartisan majority supporting the  invasion of Afghanistan to go after Osama bin Laden and al-Qaida.   I voted against invading Iraq. I voted for the invasion of  Afghanistan. I can tell you, I would never ever have been able to stand  here and say, with any certainty, that 16 years later, we would still  be engaged in a war in Afghanistan, but we are.   The obvious question to ask is, In 16 years of war in Iraq and  Afghanistan and other places in the world, how many other times has the  United States and the House of Representatives come together to debate  the wisdom of a decision about continuing a war or declaring a war? The  answer is none--not once.   For 16 years, we have been observers and bystanders, through  Presidents of both political parties, and the Congress has stood by and  observed military action being taken all over the world.   Brown University did a survey called the Costs of War Project and  recently published data saying that the United States fought terror in  76 countries, between October 2015 and October 2017, using its own  troops and bases, through training of host country counterterrorism  forces or through drone and air strikes.   In 76 different countries, we are engaged in military operations. How  often has the Senate or the House come together to debate the wisdom or  to even question whether those military actions were authorized? I  think none. Perhaps someone could point to one, but I can't think of  one time we have done it.   This afternoon is going to be different because we are being asked,  as Members of the Senate, whether we are going to exercise our  constitutional authority and responsibility when it comes to an ongoing  war in a country most Americans couldn't find on a map--the country of  Yemen.   Yemen now is embroiled in a civil war and an invasion by Saudi  Arabia, and we are part of that military operation. There has been no  vote in the U.S. Senate on those military activities. There is a loose  connection to al-Qaida, which was referenced in the invasion of  Afghanistan, as a rationalization for going after this terrorist  operation now being found in Yemen, but there is more to that war in  Yemen than just the presence of al-Qaida. There is an ongoing surrogate  battle between Saudi Arabia and Iran, and the United States is engaged.  I believe we are engaged because of our friendship with Saudi Arabia;  some have argued because we sold them the planes we are now refueling.   At the very least, we ought to bring this case to the American  people. That is our constitutional responsibility, and that is why this  vote is important: Because we took an oath--each of us--when we became  Senators, to uphold the Constitution of the United States against  enemies foreign and domestic. That Constitution says the people of the  United States--the ones I represent in Illinois, the ones who are  represented in Oregon or in Texas--are going to have a voice in this  decision through us, through our debate, through our decision.   I thank the Senators who have brought this matter to the floor today:  Mr. Lee, a Republican Senator from the State of Utah; Mr. Sanders, a  Democratic Senator from Vermont; and Mr. Murphy, another Democratic  Senator, from Connecticut. I have joined in cosponsoring this effort.  It really is going to put us to a test to justify what we are doing in  Yemen today.   What is happening in Yemen has been characterized by the United  Nations as the worst humanitarian crisis in the world--and that is  saying something. Some 8 million people are dying of famine in Yemen  because of this war. Some 16 million are in desperate need of  humanitarian assistance immediately.   This is no skirmish. This is not just an exchange of fire. This is  carnage and destruction the likes of which the world has never seen,  and we are part of it. If we are part of it and should be part of it,  then we should make that decision as a Senate and a House of  Representatives, as the Constitution requires, but going to the  bleachers, standing by the sidelines, and watching more and more  military operations take place around the world without asserting our  constitutional responsibility is a mistake. That is why I have  cosponsored this measure this afternoon and look forwarding to voting  for it to move forward.   I yield the floor.   