 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Brady for all of his great and  good work and for all of his help.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5444. I am proud to  join the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. Jenkins) in introducing the  Taxpayer First Act.   I would like to begin by thanking the chairwoman for her good and  great work on this bill. It was a wonderful opportunity and a great  pleasure to work with Ms. Jenkins.   I would also like to thank our friend and colleague, the gentleman  from Florida (Mr. Buchanan), for his determination to work together on  behalf of the taxpayers.   Finally, I would like to recognize our staff--Karen McAfee, Peg  McGlinch, Machalagh Carr, Rachel Kaldahl, Liz Navin, Lindsay Steward,  Meinan Gogo, Adam York, and Jamila Thompson--for all of their hard,  good, and great work, and we will never forget you.   Mr. Speaker, the process and the product should inspire each and  every Member of this body. For over a year, the Ways and Means  Oversight Subcommittee hosted hearings and roundtables. We listened and  asked questions. We asked Democratic and Republican Members to provide  feedback. We reached out to taxpayers and advocates. We negotiated. We  took our time, and, Mr. Speaker, I believe that we did it right.  Together, we developed a bill that improves the independent appeals  process and taxpayer services.   Last month, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. Jenkins) and I released  a discussion draft of a bill that would strengthen the IRS and improve  taxpayers' services. We reviewed the comments and tried to include  fixes where there was agreement. The process was transparent and  inclusive, and the product is strong and timely.   H.R. 5444 also makes commonsense updates to the structure of the IRS  and the Tax Code. In particular, I am very proud of our work to improve  IRS enforcement. For example, we were able to address a shocking issue  that the National Taxpayer Advocate raised in her 2017 annual report to  Congress.   It is hard to believe that the private debt collection program costs  three times more than it collects. This flawed program targets and  abuses thousands of low-income taxpayers by enrolling them in  installment agreements that they simply cannot afford. That is not  right. That is not fair. By removing low-income taxpayers from the  private debt collection program, H.R. 5444 puts us on the right path.   Unfortunately, the IRS experienced serious system problems yesterday.  I am glad that the IRS acted quickly and extended the tax filing  deadline. These problems showed us that we need to have an honest talk  with ourselves about the work ahead.   We all know that Congress cut the agency's budget by almost $1  billion since 2010. This reduction harmed both taxpayer services and  tax administration. I have said time and time again that you cannot get  blood from a turnip. I look forward to working with our colleagues to  ensure that the agency has the tools and resources it needs.   It is also important that taxpayers, especially those who are of low  income, disabled, and senior citizens, receive fair, quality, and  timely help and support.   Through it all, Mr. Speaker, our subcommittee did good work,  necessary work. From the beginning, we committed to bipartisanship, and  we refused to abandon our course. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of our  product and process. At every crossroad, we remembered the lessons from  the past and chose to put the taxpayers first.   Again, I urge all of our colleagues to support this bill. I hope that  we will continue to work together and improve the taxpayers'  experience.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman  [[Page H3419]]  from California (Ms. Eshoo), my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 4 minutes to  the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. Blumenauer), who is a member of the  Health, Oversight, and Tax Policy Subcommittees.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Oregon.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to  the gentleman from Oregon.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to  the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Danny K. Davis), a member of the Ways  and Means Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. Sewell). The Congresswoman is a member of  the Ways and Means Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume to close.   Mr. Speaker, working to improve taxpayer service is no easy task.  Every person in this body agrees on the importance of better access to  quality taxpayer service, whether it is online, over the phone, or in  person.   The IRS is a complex organization that is responsible for a core  function of our government. We asked for input from Members of  Congress, Federal agencies, and the public. When we reached out, we  were responsive and thoughtful. We will continue to work to improve the  IRS, to support their staff, and to put taxpayers first.   Again, I want to thank my friend, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms.  Jenkins), the subcommittee members, and all of the staff for their  hard, great, and good work for this bill.   Most important, Members of Congress must remain focused on doing what  is right, what is just, and what is in the best interests for every  American taxpayer. I encourage all of our colleagues to vote ``yes'' on  H.R. 5444.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5445. This bill is an  important first step to bringing the IRS into the 21st century.   Let me begin by thanking the gentlewoman from Kansas, Ms. Jenkins,  for her hard work on this bill. I would also like to thank our  colleagues--the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Bishop) and the  gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DelBene)--for their good work and  their leadership on this bill. I would also like to thank our staff for  helping us closely examine the IRS operation.   Before we put pen to paper, we took our time to learn about the  agency and the taxpayer experience. In the past year, the Oversight  Subcommittee held five hearings and four roundtable discussions on this  bill. The staff also went on site visits to see the issues firsthand.  In every meeting, the subcommittee heard concerns about outdated  technology, the need for better coordination, and the increasing  security threats.   In response, the committee developed a bipartisan bill that will  improve the IRS IT system. The 21st Century IRS Act will also  strengthen the role of the IRS chief information officer. Most  importantly, H.R. 5445 will protect taxpayers' information and fight  identity theft and tax refund fraud.   The 21st Century IRS Act addresses some of the most commonsense  taxpayer service and IT challenges. It also continues the work of the  former IRS Commissioner, who took steps to bring government and  industry together to address some of these issues.   Mr. Speaker, make no mistake, much more is needed. As we all know,  identity theft and tax fraud continue to challenge tax administration.  Congress' decisions to cut the agency's budget by nearly $1 billion  over the past 8 years has not helped. We all understand that the IRS is  in desperate need of more funding and more staff. These reductions harm  both taxpayer services and tax administration.   Unfortunately, the chickens are coming home to roost--and I know  something about chickens coming home to roost; I used to raise  chickens--and showing the Nation that this path is not sustainable.   Yesterday, the IRS experienced a number of IT challenges. Although  the IRS extended the tax filing deadline,  [[Page H3426]]  this experience showed the Nation how important it is that Congress  invest in the IRS systems and operations. Mr. Speaker, I believe that  each and every one of us cares deeply about the agency's ability to  provide service to taxpayers. The 21st Century IRS Act is an important  first step in this process.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DelBene), the Democratic lead  cosponsor.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume, and I am prepared to close.   Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill and a necessary bill. Again, I thank  the chair, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Bishop), the gentlewoman  from Washington (Ms. DelBene), and all of our colleagues for their hard  and good work. We should be very, very proud of the process and the  product. I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   