 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5438. And I am proud to  join my friend, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Holding), in  sponsoring this bill. Our bill is very simple. It helps taxpayers  receive the support and guidance they need.   Low income taxpayer clinics offer a free, low-cost service for  taxpayers across our country. These clinics help taxpayers resolve  disputes with the IRS.   H.R. 5438 would allow the IRS to share information about low income  taxpayer clinics for those who might be eligible.   Last December, the Oversight Subcommittee held a hearing on the  taxpayers experience. It was one of many bipartisan meetings to improve  tax administration. During the hearing, we heard testimony from Ms.  Tameka R. Lester. Ms. Lester serves as the social director of the  Philip C. Cook Low-Income Taxpayer Clinic at the Georgia State  University College of Law.   This outstanding institution is located in my congressional district.  Ms. Lester and other witnesses shared their experiences and offered  many great suggestions.   H.R. 5438 responds to one of the many issues raised in our  discussion. Going forward, I hope that our committee and the full House  of Representatives will continue to develop bipartisan responses to  their concerns and suggestions.   Again, Mr. Speaker, I hope all of our colleagues will support our  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker. I rise in strong support of H.R.  5437.   This bill addresses one of the most popular issues raised during our  Subcommittee's comment period.   H.R. 5437 is very simple. It would require the Treasury Secretary to  establish a program that would issue identity protection personal  identification numbers (IP PINs) to taxpayers.   An IP PIN helps prevent tax-related identity theft and tax refund  fraud. The IRS currently makes IP PINs available to a limited group of  taxpayers. If an IP PIN is not included for this group, the IRS system  will automatically reject an electronically filed tax return. It is an  additional layer of protection for these taxpayers.  [[Page H3370]]    H.R. 5437 would expand this program. This bipartisan bill would  require the IRS to make an IP PIN available to any and all taxpayers.  It does not matter where they live or work; every taxpayer will be able  to request an IP PIN.   I would like to thank our colleagues--the Gentleman from Minnesota  (Mr. Paulsen) and the Gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DelBene) for  their good work and support of this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of our colleagues to support H.R. 5437.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5439. I believe that  this is one of my favorite bills.   Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to join my friend, the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Renacci), in introducing this commonsense bill, and I want to  thank the gentleman for it.   The gentleman from Ohio and I share a passion and a commitment to  this issue. Two years ago we introduced the Stolen Identity Fraud  Prevention Act. We both believe that taxpayers should receive the help  and support that they need and deserve, and I am proud to join him  again today in sponsoring this bill.   In recent years, I also included this commonsense policy in the Ways  and Means Oversight Subcommittee Democratic bill, the Taxpayer  Protection Act.   H.R. 5439 responds to a frequent, ongoing concern of many of our  citizens. This bill will help ease the frustration that victims of tax- related identity theft feel, and it addresses a top IRS casework issue  in my congressional district.   H.R. 5439 establishes a single point of contact within the Internal  Revenue Service for any taxpayer who is the victim of identity theft.  As a result of this bill, the taxpayer will not need to start again  from scratch every time they try to get an update on their case.  Instead, the single point of contact would work with other IRS units to  solve the taxpayer issue as quickly as possible.   This good, commonsense bill will help taxpayers across our country.  For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I urge all of our colleagues to support  H.R. 5439.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to urge my colleagues to  support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, let me just thank my friend and colleague from  Pennsylvania for those kind words. Say hello to your grandson George.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5443. Let me begin by  thanking the gentleman from Pennsylvania and the gentlewoman from  Florida for their work on this good and necessary bill.   Mr. Speaker, I hope all of our colleagues will support this simple  bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. Murphy), the lead Democratic cosponsor.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers and am  prepared to close.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, Brother  Paul, for yielding.   It is hard. It is difficult to stand here and know that Sister Louise  Slaughter is not here. We came to Congress together, and, from time to  time, she would call me Brother John. I loved Sister Louise.   She would talk. She would laugh. She was smart, gifted, and brave.  She was courageous and sometimes very bold. I will never forget the  trip to Rochester to be with her and see how the people loved her,  adored her. I think when God created Sister Louise, he destroyed the  mold. She was one of a kind, so wonderful. I miss her every single day.   I thank Brother Paul for doing this. Sister Louise would be very  proud of him.   