 Madam President, let me start by agreeing with the  Senator from Utah that we should extend the Children's Health Insurance  Program. We should do it for 6 years. I want to commend the Senator  from Utah for his work in creating the CHIP program, along with Senator  Kennedy. It is good work, and we need to extend it.   We also have an obligation as Senators, on a bipartisan basis, to get  together and put together a budget for the United States of America. We  are now 4 months into the current fiscal year, and we do not have a  budget that provides the resources necessary for the Department of  Defense. We do not have a budget that provides resources to fight the  opioid epidemic. There has been a lot of talk here in the U.S. Senate  about fighting the opioid epidemic, but we have no resources to do  that. We need a budget to get that done.   So, yes, we should extend the Children's Health Insurance Program. We  need to do that. But we also need to do our job--which we should have  done back on October 1, the first day of this fiscal year--and actually  adopt a bipartisan budget for the United States of America.   The tragedy right now is that at midnight tonight the government will  shut down unless the Senate Republican leadership comes to its senses  and supports a bipartisan budget agreement--a bipartisan agreement,  which is really in plain sight right here in the U.S. Senate.   Look, the American people understand very clearly that Republicans  control the White House, Republicans control both Houses of Congress,  and with that comes a responsibility to govern for the good of the  entire country and not focus on narrow, partisan interests. Instead,  what we have here as the clock ticks is dysfunction and chaos.   Yesterday I heard the Republican leader, Senator McConnell, say on  the Senate floor that he would not support a bipartisan agreement,  reached by Senators right here, unless he knew where President Trump  stood on those issues. Then, in the same breath, he indicated he did  not know where President Trump stood on those key issues.   The Senate is a separate and equal branch of the U.S. Government with  its own constitutional responsibilities. We have a bipartisan agreement  here on so many of these issues. We should not now be outsourcing our  constitutional duties to a White House that, according to Senator  McConnell, doesn't know where it stands on these issues.   Senator Lindsey Graham had it right when he said that we don't have a  reliable negotiating partner at the White House. And, in the last week,  we heard President Trump's own Chief of Staff, General Kelly,  acknowledge that the President was ``uninformed'' on some of the issues  being debated here.   So let's do our job as the U.S. Senate, with our own responsibilities  under the Constitution, and not say that we have to wait on a  dysfunctional White House and not say that we have to wait on a  President who once tweeted out that we need ``a good government  shutdown.'' There are no good government shutdowns, and we should be  doing everything we can to avoid one at midnight tonight.   So let's actually do our job here, and let's come up with a budget  for the United States for this fiscal year.   A small business could not survive without putting together its  budget. It does great harm to our country and to  [[Page S320]]  our government when this Congress cannot get its act together and put  together a budget in time. We have now been kicking the can down the  road month by month since October 1. That is why Senator Graham said  this morning: ``I am not going to support continuing this fiasco for 30  more days. It's time Congress stop the cycle of dysfunction, grow up,  and act consistent with the values of a great nation.''   Amen to that. That is our constitutional duty. That is what we need  to do in order to protect our military and other vital investments  important to our country and our economy.   Here is what the Pentagon's chief spokesperson said about continuing  resolutions: They are wasteful, they are destructive, and the longer  they go the worse it is.   She went on to say that these continuing resolutions erode our  defense capabilities and have negative consequences for them.   Why in the world do we want to kick the can down the road another 30  days when we can get it done right now and avert a government shutdown?   We need that budget to support our military. We also need it to  support the critical investment in our kids' education. We need a  budget plan that is going to provide veterans the healthcare they  deserve. We need a budget that is going to fight the opioid epidemic-- one that keeps community health centers open. The Social Security  Administration has faced hundreds of millions of dollars of cuts. They  are not going to be able to do their job in making sure folks get their  Social Security benefits on time if we continue to strangle their  budget.   The sad thing is, we have known about all of these issues since last  September. I am glad we have come to some resolution on the issue of  the Children's Health Insurance Program. We have known about that since  last September. But we have also known about the need to fight the  opioid epidemic. We have known about the need to fund community health  centers. We have known about the need to make sure our veterans have  the healthcare they deserve. And we have known about the need to  address the DACA issue--the Dreamers--because it was last September  when President Trump revoked the DACA Program, effective a very short  time from now. That program had made sure that Dreamers could be here  legally in the United States, contributing to our country. So when  President Trump took that action, he manufactured the crisis we are in  now.   But he also said: OK, I am going to revoke this legal status--this  program--but I want Congress, on a bipartisan basis, to come up with a  long-term solution. That is what he said back then, and he said the  same thing just a few weeks ago. I think the Nation saw him on TV, when  he invited a bipartisan group of Senators and Members of the House to  the White House, and he invited everybody to come up with a solution.   A number of our Senators, on a bipartisan basis, took the President  up on his request. That is when Senator Graham and Senator Durbin and  two other Republicans and two other Democrats came up with a plan,  which now has very broad support, including the support of seven  Republican Senators. So they did exactly what President Trump asked  them to do, and they addressed all of the issues that President Trump  outlined.   I think we know what happened after that. Senators Graham and Durbin  went to the White House to present their bipartisan agreement to the  President, and, meanwhile, he invited some other Senators over. They  sabotaged the deal, and the President made repulsive, racist remarks at  that meeting. So the President, who had asked Senators to come up with  a solution on a bipartisan basis, when they did what he asked, threw it  back in their face.   Why is the Republican leader, Senator McConnell, now saying to the  Senate that we can't do our job here until I know what is going to  happen at the White House? Why should we be outsourcing our  constitutional responsibilities to the White House when we have an  agreement which, if it were put on the floor of the Senate today, would  pass? It is a bipartisan solution.   I really believe it is time for us to do our job here, Republicans  and Democrats alike.   Here is what President Trump said at the time of the last government  shutdown. That is when we had a 16-day shutdown because some of the  Republican Senators didn't want to fund the Affordable Care Act at the  time and shut down the government for 16 days. Then Citizen Trump said:  ``It always happens to be the top. I mean, the problems start from the  top and have to get solved from the top.''   This is what Citizen Donald Trump was saying about President Obama at  the time of the last shutdown.   He went on to say: ``The president is the leader, and he's got to get  everybody in a room, and he's got to lead.''   How times change when Citizen Trump becomes President Trump. You have  a White House in chaos, dysfunction. Senator Graham himself said it: an  unreliable negotiating partner.   Yet, the Republican leader wants this Senate to outsource our job to  the President of the United States and says that we are going to shut  down the government here because we don't know what President Trump  thinks about all this. That is a dereliction of the duty of the Senate,  and we need to do our job today and avoid a government shutdown.   The answer is in plain sight. Let's get to work. Let's get it done.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   