 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Wyoming.   Mr. Speaker, I didn't realize that this was going to be a defend  Oklahoma debate. I invite my colleague, Mr. Garamendi, to come and look  at our thriving economy, our sustained economic growth of nearly 6  percent since 2008 when my colleague's State has been on the wane.   This thing about deficits and deficit spending, we have a balanced  budget amendment, unlike my colleague's State. And further, we don't  borrow from the Federal Government to bail out our State; instead, we  pay the bills ourselves.   Now, I thought that this was a measure to support our military and to  support the United States Air Force, and in that we will wholeheartedly  agree. But, Mr. Speaker, I take great pride in the people of Oklahoma.  With one-tenth of the population, we can do everything that my  colleague on the other side of the aisle's State does itself, and I  take great pride in that.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming for  her important leadership in the strengthening of our military and my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle that I work with well on the  Armed Services Committee.   Mr. Speaker, nothing is too good for the troops, and nothing is what  they get--at least on time, year after year, by this Congress. Our lack  of diligence and commitment to provide timely funds in Congress erodes  military readiness and weakens our Nation. H. Res. 1007 helps fix that  for the United States Army.   For me, these are not academic or political issues but, rather,  experiential. Having served as a combat infantryman in more than two  decades of uniformed service prior to coming to Congress, these are not  issues that I take lightly. I have lived the hardships created when  Congress is derelict in its duty.   When supply transactions are delayed, the Army is forced to order  parts outside the Department of Defense supply system, pay for more  parts, and risk getting any spare parts at all. Soldiers are severely  hampered in their training, being forced to stay at home stations with  limitations on equipment, fuel, and ammunition. Consequently, the  readiness of units diminishes, and their morale flags.   Even if the Army were to somehow make the best of those circumstances  and attempt to send their warriors to school in the time that is  created because they can't train to maybe increase their vital skills,  they can't. Their funds are delayed, so their schools get canceled, and  the time is gone forever.   Adding insult to injury, many people who were promised schools to  make important promotions have those schools taken from their grasp,  and, disillusioned, they exit the force, affecting recruitment and the  trained warriors who had invested years up to that point.   Another insult to injury is the relocation of families. It gets  postponed, and it causes undue family hardship on those in uniform,  missed school for their children, and stresses on the warrior at home  which not only affect his performance, but what is sad is that it was  all preventable, while we in this Congress who are responsible for this  and the timely delivery of funds fly home to our families weekend after  weekend without interruption.   Our founding documents state that we should promote the general  welfare and provide for the common defense. Both sides of the aisle  need to be mindful that these founding documents do not say provide the  general welfare and promote, somehow, the common defense. If we cannot  defend the Republic, all of these other things are simply not going to  matter.   Our lack of diligence in Congress creates reduced readiness, a less  capable military, cancellation of training, untold family hardships,  and a less secure nation. It is so easily solved. We simply do the  work, sign the bills, and get them to the President by October 1.   It is pretty simple, and it is extraordinarily important. Today is  the 25th of July. There is plenty of time.   The question that I and warriors who still serve in uniform ask is:  Will this Congress have the heart and the guts to do what is right?   The clock ticks. Let's stop the madness. Let's stop the debate of  ancillary things that don't have anything to do with providing for the  common defense, and let's end the continuing resolutions that affect  our military funding. Run a clean defense measure.   If we are in so much agreement about funding our military, then my  challenge to both sides of the aisle is let's run a clean measure.  Let's not attach anything else to it, no Labor-H, no other  appropriations measures, a simple, clean measure that we all agree to  anyway and we pass year after year. Then we can get it to the  President's desk, and our warriors who give us our freedom and allow us  to continue with this great Republic for generation to generation will  have what they need.   We have not done it in years. This could be a first and could be a  hallmark of the 115th Congress.   