 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to enter into a  colloquy with my colleagues Senator Wicker, Senator Warner, and Senator  Durbin to address a pressing issue in the defense appropriations bill,  and that is language to allow the Navy to proceed with a two-ship buy  for aircraft carriers.    The Navy has been working on a two-ship buy since last  year, culminating in its release of a request for proposal, RFP, in  April. If the Navy is able to procure the next two Ford-class carriers  in a single contract, initial estimates point to over $2 billion in  savings, at least 10 percent. Funds that would be saved could be  applied to other programs within the shipbuilding account or within the  Department of Defense generally.   Those savings come about in part through the shipbuilding suppliers  across the country who would be able to provide the parts and material  needed to build an aircraft carrier in a much more efficient and cost- effective manner. We would be giving these suppliers some degree of  predictability. Many of these suppliers are small businesses and single  source suppliers who need a demand signal that the country is serious  about building up the Navy fleet.   The military shipbuilding supply base is fragile and has shrunk  significantly since the last Navy buildup. For nuclear shipbuilding,  during the 20-year period between 1977 and 1996, Electric Boat, Newport  News, and the industrial base delivered almost 90 nuclear ships in the  Ohio-, Los Angeles-, Seawolf- and Nimitz-class programs. The industrial  base population during that time was in excess of 17,000 suppliers.  Today there are about 3,000 carrier suppliers. The predictability  provided by the two-ship carrier buy would enable industry to invest in  increasing the capacity of their facilities. This investment will  contribute to lower shipbuilding acquisition costs and enable our  country to build the Navy our Nation needs.   The two-ship buy would enable the Navy to field an aircraft carrier  at least 1 year sooner than the program of record.   I was proud to work with my friend and partner in shipbuilding,  Senator Roger Wicker, to cosponsor a bipartisan letter addressed to  Secretary Mattis in December asking for the Department to support a  two-ship buy in its fiscal year 2019 budget. In addition to Senator  Wicker and me, 15 Senators cosigned, and a similar letter with 131  signatures came from the House.   I ask unanimous consent that the letter sent to Secretary Mattis by  me and my fellow Senators be printed in the Record at the conclusion of  this colloquy.    When Assistant Secretary of the Navy Geurts testified  before the Seapower subcommittee in April, he and I spoke about the  need to get the Navy's assessment of the RFP and validation of the  savings in time to support necessary legislation in the fiscal year  2019 defense bills. Secretary Geurts promised an initial look in early  May, but as the authorization and appropriations processes move  forward, unfortunately, we are still waiting to hear from the  Department of Defense. I must say I am very disappointed with the lack  of urgency which the Pentagon is displaying on this initiative.   As we wait, the great savings that this proposal would generate will  erode as the Navy is only able to contract for one ship at a time.  [[Page S5891]]    In the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019, we  included specific preconditions in authorizing the two-ship buy,  including detail on how significant savings will be achieved and a  commitment to full transparency to any changes to the funding profile.   As currently written, the defense appropriations bill would not allow  the Navy to procure two aircraft carriers in one contract, and I  understand this is probably out of frustration with the lack of a  proposal to the committee including complete budgetary estimates and  funding profiles. Again, let me say I share the concern that the  Department of Defense has been slow to complete necessary analyses and  present the Defense committees with a plan.   We often talk about acquisition reform and smarter buying in this  body, and this is a perfect opportunity to innovate procurement and  contracting. Let's not squander this chance because of bureaucratic  inaction.   While I will not seek to amend the appropriations bill today, I ask  the chairman of the committee, Senator Shelby, and Ranking Members  Leahy and Durbin to ensure that, when this bill goes to conference with  the House, the final language be written in a way that would not  preclude the two-ship buy from going forward in fiscal year 2019, with  all the requisite approvals from the Defense committees being  preserved.   