 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, the amendment I have introduced would streamline a  burdensome regulatory requirement currently in place for two USDA  programs. The first is the Agriculture Risk Coverage, or ARC, and the  Price Loss Coverage, or PLC. My amendment changes the signup process  from an annual signup process to a one-and-done process for the  duration of the 5-year farm bill.   Our farmers work tirelessly to provide food for our families, our  country, and to grow products that are shipped all over the world. From  raising livestock to growing crops such as soybeans and corn, they  contribute to the lifeblood of my State of Illinois and also our  national economy.   To fully support the agriculture community, we must maintain an  efficient and effective program and programs that allow our farmers to  be globally competitive. Given the tremendous impact of the agriculture  industry on the U.S. economy, we must work to ensure that our farmers  are able to operate without burdensome and time-consuming regulatory  requirements.   My district in central and west-central Illinois is the eighth  largest district in terms of corn and soybean production in the  country, and I hear from my farmers across my district and from my own  agriculture advisory committee that the amount of time spent filling  out paperwork for these programs, even when there is no change to their  farming operation, takes up too much of their valuable time which could  be used on their farms.   Under the current rules, to file an annual contract, farmers need to  collect signatures from landlords or other individuals with an interest  in the land. Many landlords reside out of the State or out of the  country, making this paperwork burdensome and very difficult in many  cases.   Under our amendment, farmers will be able to and be eligible for a  one-time signup for ARC and PLC for the duration of the 5-year farm  bill so long as there are no changes to the current farming operation.  If a farmer does make changes to their farming operation, they must  reflect those changes in a new signup, as is the current process. This  simple fix will help our farmers spend more time farming and less time  filling out paperwork.   I want to thank Chairman Conaway and his staff for working with me on  this amendment, and I appreciate all of his support for this  commonsense reform that is so important to our farmers.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of the  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   