 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4279.   There are two big problems that I hear a lot about in district. The  first is ensuring that mom-and-pop investors in retail Main Street  America have all of the options available to them to be able to invest  for their future retirement and invest for their kids' college  education. They want a cornucopia of different investment opportunities  for them to be able to pursue: making the decision as to whether mutual  funds are the right answer, making the decision as to whether open-end  funds are the right answer, making the decision as to whether ETFs are  the right answer, and making the decision as to whether, yes, closed- end funds are the right answer.   Over the last 10 years, we have seen closed-end funds decline in  number by 81 percent. Some of that decline has been because of the  regulatory burden, the onerous burden that is on them, compared to some  of their counterparts. We want to make sure that ultimately there might  be reasons for a level playing field between them and some other well- known seasoned issuers.   The second big problem that I continue to hear about is how dynamic  the market is; how fleeting opportunities are; and how we need to make  sure that there is not long, duplicative timelines and not onerous,  duplicative paperwork that companies and closed-end funds are having to  fill out and having to wait in order to take advantage of the  opportunities that may exist in the market. We want to truncate down  that time without removing any of the regulation and governance that is  so important to ensuring the transparency and credibility of U.S.  markets around the world.   I want to thank Mr. Foster because, as he well said, from day one he  has been diligently working on both of those problems. We have been  able to work together and, as he said, negotiate all the way through  the eleventh hour, not to come up with a shotgun solution that doesn't  address both of these, but, instead, to come up with a comprehensive  solution that solves both of these problems: the problem for the Main  Street mom-and-pop 401(k) investor that wants to be able to pursue  different opportunities in saving for their retirement, and for  companies that are pursuing dynamic opportunities in the market. I want  them to be as competitive as possible in this global marketplace.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Foster for all of his effort along the way.  I want to thank the committee for their 58-2 support of this  legislation. I am hopeful and I urge my colleagues on the floor to vote  for this legislation as well. I think this is a commonsense, thoughtful  approach to both of those problems that I hear far too often when I am  back home in my district.   