 Madam President, I am glad to join my friend in this  effort  [[Page S5883]]  because this fits into a lot of things we are trying to accomplish that  Congress has done for decades--trying to give consumers information.   Remember maybe 40 years ago--I don't think it is 50 years ago--that  Congress passed legislation that you had to have a window sticker on  cars of the cost of the cars so that consumers wouldn't be bantering  back and forth between dealers, not knowing what they were dealing  with. You can't buy gas today without going to the filling station with  a big sign knowing what it costs.   Even the pharmaceutical companies themselves want to educate  consumers with these ads. I have always supported the advertising of  these pharmaceutical drugs. They want to educate you not only about the  value of their drugs but down to the bottom, and then half the ad  usually tells you, if you take this drug, what the side effects are  going to be, maybe implying that they are even life-threatening or  dangerous. That is a very important thing to educate the public about.   So all we are trying to do here is to have the consumer get the  additional information they need if they want to consider that drug,  because everybody ought to want to consider the price, just like you  consider the price of a car.   I try to buy gas at the cheapest filling station I can because it is  just common sense, right? So that is what Senator Durbin is pointing  out. This is a Midwestern commonsense approach to educating the  consumers. They want you to buy their product, and then they kind of  have some question about it: Could you really afford this? A lot of  these ads even indicate to the consumer: Well, maybe if you check with  the company or check with somebody, you will even get some help buying  the drug.   So the pharmaceutical companies are already interested in consumer  education. We just want them to take it one step further. Part of it is  because of the high cost of prescription drugs. We have an opportunity  now to do what we all talk about doing--doing something about the cost  of pharmaceutical drugs. This is just a very small step in that  direction. It directs Health and Human Services to require drug  companies to include the list price of these drugs in their TV ads.   The drug companies want you to know that there is a drug out there to  help you. They want you to know the benefits of the drugs. So why don't  they also want you to know about the price of the drug?   By not having that information out there, it is simply not a  transparent way of doing business. In every other way you want to be  transparent. We are just asking you to take one little small step and  tell people what it is going to cost--like the price of gasoline, like  the price of cars, or if you seem to be worried a little bit about the  high cost of the drug, maybe some people can't afford it and you might  be criticized for that. You can get help.   What we are up against here is a very powerful interest in this town.  It happens to be an interest that has made life better and provided  longevity for people, for a longer life. So we aren't here to find  fault with the pharmaceutical companies. We are here to encourage the  pharmaceutical companies to let the public know what they need.   Around here it seems to me that we are running up against the big  pharmaceutical companies all the time. The CREATES Act came out of my  committee 15 to 6. We can't seem to get that up.   This amendment is being offered. We know who is fighting this  amendment that Durbin and Grassley are sponsoring. It is the same  companies. There is a scheme out there that they will keep their patent  drug on the market longer if they pay a generic company to keep their  drug off the market. We call it ``pay for delay.'' The Klobuchar- Grassley bill doesn't get very far because of these interests.   They don't like the fact that they ought to have some competition  from the importation of drugs. They don't like it now that the FDA's  new Director is moving in the direction of getting generics on the  market a little bit sooner, but we are not fighting those things now.   What we are trying to do is pretty darn simple. Think of what is  behind this now. How often do you get Senator Grassley and Senator  Durbin cooperating on the same thing? Not too often. So that is  something people ought to take into consideration. We have a very good  chairman--a very thorough chairman--Mr. Alexander of the HELP  Committee. He is backing this effort and has even had a colloquy on  that point.   We have Mr. Azar, the Secretary of HHS, who says that this is a good  thing to do. Maybe 2 months ago now, President Trump and Secretary Azar  had a news conference on the high cost of drugs and what they could do  administratively to move that along. Just this very day, Mr. Azar is  announcing some regulations going to OMB to move along some of those  things that the President was talking about 2 months ago.    Everybody gets irritated about Trump's tweets. Do they do any good?  Probably, most of the time people don't think they do much good, but he  tweeted at about the same time these big pharmaceutical companies  announced about a whole bunch of their drugs that they were going to  increase their prices by 35 percent and 40 percent, and he tweeted how  outrageous that was. A week later a company said: We are not going to  go ahead. A week later, another company said they were not going to go  ahead. Now, whether other companies have said that, I don't know, but  what I am trying to say is you have Chairman Grassley and Chairman  Alexander and you have the Secretary of HHS and the President of the  United States trying to do something about pharmaceuticals. Here we  have just a little simple amendment that we are trying to get on this  bill, and we are running into this obstacle that you run into all the  time, when all we are trying to do is to educate the consumer the same  way the pharmaceutical companies want to educate the consumers. By the  way, 76 percent of Americans in a poll support this.   I think Senator Durbin did better than I did about the interests, but  I will summarize. Doctors, hospitals, insurance companies, and the AARP  support this amendment. So, really, it is so sensible. It is right in  line with what the pharmaceutical companies are trying to do with all  of their TV ads to educate the public, with what Congress has tried to  do other times to educate the public, with what we are trying to do  through some of our education to have transparency in the prices that  you pay when you go to the hospital or what we are trying to do through  health savings accounts to get the consumer involved to do some  shopping to save the consumer some money. That is what this is all  about.   It is so simple. I can't understand where commonsense stuff--well,  this isn't a town for common sense, I guess, but we ought to get some  of this commonsense stuff done.   So I want to thank Senator Durbin because he led this effort, and I  am glad to help him. I say thank you for doing it, and we are going to  get this done one way or the other. If we don't get this done on this  bill, we will get it done because it is the right thing to do.   People, if you try long enough and if you are right, you eventually  get something done in this town.   