 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1084, I  call up the bill (H.R. 6760) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986  to make permanent certain provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act  affecting individuals, families, and small businesses, and ask for its  immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all  Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their  remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 6760, currently under  consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, for far too long, hardworking American taxpayers watched  as an entitled Federal Government took a bigger and bigger slice from  their family's budget. But that changed last year. With the Tax Cuts  and Jobs Act, we choose you, the hardworking taxpayers of this country.   With our new Tax Code, we were determined to let you keep more of  what you worked so hard to earn, and, boy, have the results been  incredible.   Eight months later, we have seen an economic turnaround with more  jobs, bigger paychecks, and historic Main Street optimism. We have gone  from asking, ``Where are the jobs?'' to asking, ``Where are the  workers?''   One Main Street small-business owner recently told me that, thanks to  the new Tax Code, they are hiring more, giving bonuses, buying more  equipment, and, as he said, they are set to have their best year ever.   This has meant real change for real people, with nearly 1.7 million  new jobs created just since January, and paychecks rising at their  fastest rate in 9 years.   While this economic turnaround for America has come as a shock to  opponents of the new Tax Code here in Washington, it is no surprise to  millions of hardworking families and small businesses across America  who were overtaxed and overregulated far too long.   Thanks to our new pro-growth Tax Code, there is new hope and a new  optimism in America that wasn't here before. To call it a sudden change  from the sluggish Obama-era economy would be an understatement. For a  decade, it was like America's economy was going through a 25-mile-per- hour zone.   Now that the high taxes and the uncompetitive regulations of our  Democratic friends are gone, we are on an open highway again. It is  critical that we keep this strong momentum going, especially for  Americans who were hit hardest by the Great Recession.   That is what this bill before us today is all about. By making the  new code permanent for our families and small businesses, the  Protecting Family and Small Business Tax Cuts Act will keep America's  economy booming and middle class families growing again.   In fact, the nonpartisan Tax Foundation estimates that this bill will  add 1.5 million new jobs and increase America's economy over 2 percent.  That is on top, as I said, of the 1.7 million new jobs we have already  seen created since President Trump signed the new Tax Code into law.  [[Page H9166]]    We don't want to go back to the bad old days of higher taxes, with  Washington taking more of what our single moms, our hardworking  parents, and our Main Street-owned business owners have worked so hard  to earn. We don't want to go back to the bad old days when Main Street  wasn't hiring, jobs were going overseas, and our economic growth was  puttering along.   So given the choice between keeping taxes high and allowing families  to keep more of their money, Republicans chose, and continue to choose,  the American people.   I thank Representative Rodney Davis for introducing this bill, and  Representative Mark Meadows and Representative Mark Walker, along with  all of our Republican Ways and Means members, for being the original  cosponsors and leaders of this bill.   In closing, empowering families to run their own lives is at the  heart of the American Dream. It is the key to America's economic  success, and it is the reason that 8 months after tax reform became  law, Americans are more hopeful about their future and the American  Dream.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am proud to yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Davis), the leader and the original  sponsor of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to yield 3 minutes  to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Walker), one of the three  original leaders of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Nebraska (Mr. Smith), who is one of our key members on the Ways  and Means Committee from rural communities on this tax reform bill.    Mr. Speaker, I'm very proud to yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Smith), who is a key member of our  Ways and Means Committee and who played, again, such a leadership role  on tax reform for small businesses and agriculture.    Mr. Speaker, I am proud to yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. Noem), who is a key member of the  Ways and Means Committee.    Mr. Speaker, because of tax reform, Main Street  businesses are booming. The chairman of the Small Business Committee  has played a key role in that.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to yield 2 minutes to the gentlemen from Ohio  (Mr. Chabot).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Georgia (Mr. Allen), who started a small business at age 25 and  built it up from the ground up.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute.   Mr. Speaker, let me just fact-check my colleague from Texas.   Since the tax reform bill became law on New Year's Day, 1.7 million  jobs have been created in America, with wages rising at the fastest  rate in 9 years.   Today, following these new policies, the median income for a married  couple with two kids has $3,200 more in their take-home pay than it did  just 12 months ago.   I will remind the voters in Mr. Doggett's district that an average  family of four making $60,000 a year sees a tax cut of $1,131 that my  Democratic colleagues want to steal back.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from  [[Page H9170]]  Arizona (Mr. Schweikert), a key leader and member of the Ways and Means  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I note that the average middle class  family in the 12th District of California will see a tax cut of $5,508  each year.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr.  Wenstrup), a key member of the Ways and Means Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I have one.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman  from North Carolina (Mr. Meadows), one of the three original lead  sponsors of this tax bill.    Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have left.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I would note that the average middle-class family in my  good friend Mr. Neal's district back home in Massachusetts will see a  tax cut of nearly $2,000 each year.   So let's fact-check a couple of these claims today. Let's fact-check  a few things, starting with my friend Mr. Neal's point about Dr.  Wenstrup's call.   That gentleman wasn't complaining he didn't get enough tax cuts. He  said his taxes would go up significantly. And he is correct, because  under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, this relief goes to middle-class  families and low-income families working their way up.   In fact, after the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, millionaires of America who  used to shoulder 19 percent of the tax burden now will shoulder 20  percent of the tax burden. They will carry more because this tax reform  was designed for middle-class, working families.   Earlier today, we heard our respected Democratic leader say many  things, including that the GOP tax cuts provide at least $1.3 trillion  in tax breaks to corporations. FactCheck.org says that claim is  misleading. In fact, of the $1\1/2\ trillion, over $1 trillion is for  individual taxpayers.   Leader Pelosi said 86 million middle-class families will see a tax  increase. The Washington Post gave her 2 Pinocchios, saying most every  U.S. taxpayer can expect some kind of tax cut according to just about  every analysis.   A lawmaker from Wisconsin, Democrat: Never let the GOP tell you again  they support low taxes. They don't, unless you are already a  billionaire or massive corporation.   PolitiFact gave that Democratic lawmaker a pants on fire rating,  saying this will provide tax relief for the middle class, and most  people in low-income households will see cuts as well.    Leader Chuck Schumer said companies are laying off American workers  because of tax reform. PolitiFact said that was mostly false.   A California assemblyman says GOP tax cuts are nothing more than a  middle-class tax increase. PolitiFact just killed them, called that  just flat-out false.   Senator Claire McCaskill said the tax cuts are not going to be  helpful to the vast majority of people. The Washington Post also gave  her two Pinocchios, said that is flat wrong, says she ignores the  immediate impact of the law, which means noticeable tax cuts for her  constituents for a number of years.   And, of course, dozens of Democrats continue to state 83 percent of  all tax breaks go to the top 1 percent. FactCheck.org--down,  misleading, because it cites projections for 2027. In fact, the only  way that will be true is if you vote ``no'' today. If you vote ``yes,''  these middle-class tax cuts are permanent.   We have heard, today, scare tactics about the impact to Social  Security and Medicare. Let me cite the Joint Economic Committee that  shows the Congressional Budget Office said the Medicare trust fund  solvency improved after tax reform. The tax reform strengthened the  major funding source for the Medicare trust fund. Americans leaving  disability for jobs due to a stronger economy will improve Medicare  solvency, and the number of uninsured Americans fell--fell--after tax  reform in the individual mandate.   And the final point, let's talk about debts and deficits, Mr.  Speaker. This is a pleasant surprise to hear our Democrats suddenly  concerned. They weren't, under President Obama, when they doubled the  national debt. They added $2 trillion in just 1 year.   I am not going to talk about sailors who drink. I will just say this.  Democrats were concerned, didn't care about deficits when they were  spending your money; but now that you are spending your money, all of a  sudden, everything is changed.   The truth of the matter is: Who do you trust, Washington to spend  your money, or you and your family?   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of a point  of order.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion  to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, you know Washington. You know  Washington. If you don't have an argument, just scare people; just  frighten them to death. That will work.   But people are smart. When you calm down all the rhetoric and all the  anger and all the outrage, what we know is this: The Congressional  Budget Office--it isn't Republican or Democrat--it found the Medicare  Trust Fund solvency got better after tax reform.   In fact, tax reform strengthened the major funding source for the  Medicare Trust Fund and now, because we have more people, especially  those disabled, going back to work, getting a job that they had hoped  for, it is actually improving Medicare solvency. So that great big  scare tactic just got fact-checked.   In fact, already this year, the Federal Government is receiving $105  billion more, Mr. Speaker, in payroll taxes and individual taxes, and  those payroll taxes are what are the foundation of Social Security and  Medicare.   The truth of the matter is, as we look at this bill, both parties  claim to be champions of hardworking taxpayers. Well, let's check.   So, under this bill, a single mom, working her way out of poverty,  permanently will see $1,700 more in her paycheck each year. Democrats  who vote ``no'' will steal that money back from that single mom.   Middle-class family of two, two teachers in my district, with two  kids, under this bill, permanently will see a tax cut of $2636. A  ``no'' vote steals that money back from that family.   That Main Street business, moms and pops working all hours, all  weekends, all year, under this bill, permanently they will see a tax  cut of $3,000  [[Page H9174]]  every year, and they can write off on their taxes that new computer,  that new equipment, that new improvement to their store. A ``no'' vote  hammers America's Main Street businesses.   Young parents, struggling to raise kids, where every dollar matters,  this bill makes sure that that doubling of the child tax credit is  permanent, and millions more Americans, middle-class families, will get  help raising their precious children. A ``no'' vote is to take that  money back from those young parents. Oh, by the way, take back their  tax-free savings for school and college for that child as well.   And, yes, in this bill, we make sure seniors can write off more of  their high medical expenses. Some called it the cancer tax. A ``yes''  vote will help millions of seniors and millions of families with high  medical bills more easily write those taxes off. A ``no'' vote is to  deny American seniors, American families' ability to write off those  taxes.   Now, we know, thanks to ObamaCare, high out-of-pocket costs is now  the preexisting condition. This bill makes sure that we stand on the  side of those seniors, whether they are battling cancer or some other  menaces.   At the end of the day, while some would say, look, we need to raise  the SALT cap, let me just say this: That SALT cap is a $10 tax cut for  the middle class and a $146,000 tax cut for millionaires. In other  words, Democrats who vote ``no'' say they just want more tax cuts for  the rich.   And the fact of the matter is, States are seeing a $20 billion  windfall. State governments and Governors, all they need do, don't  pocket that money for their budget, pass it on to hard working  taxpayers.   At the end of the day, revenues are up. Payroll taxes are up. Social  Security and Medicare are strengthened.   So at the end of the day, who do you trust? Who do you trust with  your hard-earned money? Is it Washington, so they can take it and spend  it on their special interests? Is it you? Is it your family? Is it your  American Dream?   This bill is about making sure that we choose the American people. We  choose you, the middle-class families. We choose you, Main Street  America, to better use your money than Washington does.   As we conclude, Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank our tax team, led  by Barbara Angus, our Chief Tax Counsel, Aharon Friedman, Randy Gartin,  Aaron Junge, Loren Ponds, John Sandell, Donald Schneider, Victoria  Glover, John Schoenecker, and Quinton Brady, for doing a remarkable job  for us and for the American people.   I urge a ``yes'' on protecting tax cuts for individuals, middle-class  families, and small businesses.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Walden and Ranking  Member Pallone for their work. The opioid crisis, as you know, has  impacted every community in America, has robbed countless individuals  of their full potential. We all know someone who lost a loved one  because they were exposed to opioids and then quickly addicted, and I  know that sometimes, in routine surgery, they didn't even need it.   This can be prevented, and that is why I rise today in support of  H.R. 6. This is bicameral and bipartisan. It addresses this crisis by  putting in place many commonsense measures to reduce the unnecessary  prescribing of opioids and get people treatment once they become  addicted.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the ranking member of the Ways and Means  Committee, Mr. Neal; the ranking member of the Health Subcommittee, Mr.  Levin; as well as leaders on our side and Mr. Roskam, Mr. Curbelo, Mr.  Paulsen, and Mr. Bishop for authorizing key provisions of H.R. 6. They  will save lives and heal communities.   