 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to call attention to the  important efforts made each day by our public servants.   At the beginning of this month, this very body honored our public  servants by adopting a resolution marking the first week of May as  Public Service Recognition Week. We need to do more to continue that  sentiment year round. But on the same day the Senate adopted a  resolution honoring our public servants, Congress received a letter  from the administration looking to use Federal employees to solve our  budget problems, with cuts to retirement and freezes in pay. Is this  really in the best interest of our public servants? Is this really the  best method to attract and retain the best and the brightest to work  across vital agencies to keep our government running?   That is why today I wish to continue the longstanding tradition of  honoring exemplary Federal employees--a tradition that was begun by my  friend Senator Ted Kaufman from Delaware. It is my hope that the story  of these five Virginians will remind my colleagues and the  administration that public servants go to work every day with the sole  mission to make this country a better and safer place to live.   First, I would like to acknowledge Stephen Curren. In Stephen's  capacity as Director of the Division of Resilience at the Department of  Health and Human Services, he coordinated the national response to help  protect public and private healthcare computer systems from the worst  effects of WannaCry, a global cyber attack that threatened patients'  health and safety.   Stephen's team applied existing processes for dealing with physical  disasters like hurricanes and tornados and adapted them to prepare for  a cyber attack response. They continue the critical work necessary to  improve the collaboration on cyber security with private healthcare  agencies and the public.   Next, I would like to share a bit about Guy Demeter, the FBI's first-  [[Page S2914]]  ever data scientist. In his work, Guy develops technological solutions  to organize the Bureau's data and has helped the FBI to track down  child predators, identify banks evading sanctions, assist  counterterrorism investigations, and guard against internal threats.  His innovative strategies are efficient, cost-effective, and have been  a crucial part of increasing our national security.   Third, I would like to recognize the work of Matt Nims, the Acting  Director of the Office of Food for Peace at USAID. Under Matt's  leadership, last year his office distributed emergency food and  nutrition assistance to 20 million people facing severe hunger and  starvation in Yemen, Somalia, South Sudan, and northeast Nigeria as a  result of drought, extreme poverty, and violent armed conflicts.   Matt's team used data from USAID's Famine Early Warning Systems  Network to anticipate food shortages before they became full-fledged  crises and then developed innovative ways to deliver food, plan managed  food distribution, and keep up with the day-to-day challenges of  working under difficult and dangerous conditions, saving countless  lives.   Next, I would like to recognize Andy Neal. Andy is the Branch Chief  for Actuarial and Catastrophic Modeling at FEMA. We have all seen the  devastating effects of floods across the country, but what many don't  know is that the National Flood Insurance Program provides critical  financial help to victims of hurricanes and other storms. By the end of  2016, the program was $25 billion in debt.   In response, Andy led his team in an unprecedented effort to persuade  private reinsurers for the first time to assume some potential flood  damage liability. They were extremely successful. The government paid  25 private insurance companies $150 million in premiums in 2017, and  the insurers ended up covering more than $1 billion of the $7.6 billion  in claims to policyholders in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, and  has secured even more coverage for 2018.   Last, but certainly not least, I would like to recognize David  Huizenga, the Principal Assistant Deputy Administrator for Defense  Nuclear Nonproliferation at the National Nuclear Security  Administration.   In his everyday work, David confronts some of our most pressing  international threats, formulating national security policy, monitoring  compliance with nuclear agreements, and working with other nations to  safeguard nuclear stockpiles and reduce the threat of nuclear  terrorism.   In the past 3 years, David has worked to remove nuclear material from  Poland, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Japan, and Ghana, relying on relationships  with his international counterparts to make the world more secure. Here  in the United States, David and his team have also worked to reduce the  amount of radioactive materials used in medical and commercial  applications. A Federal employee for 28 years, David's work as a  nonproliferation expert is widely respected both in the United States  and around the world.   I hope my colleagues will join me in honoring these outstanding  individuals, as well as government employees at all levels around the  country, for their excellent work and their commitment to public  service.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   