 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the rule  because, once again, the majority is stifling debate on a critical  national security issue.   The gentleman from California (Mr. Khanna) has tried again and again  to bring a debate forward in this body about where and how the United  States military is engaged around the world. This is Congress'  responsibility, and not only has the majority abdicated that  responsibility, they won't even let us talk about it.   Resolutions dealing with war powers have special privileges in  Congress because these are such grave issues. That is how Congress  wrote the law. The other body is grappling with this problem, but the  majority in this body wants to pretend these issues just don't exist,  and they strip those privileges away with this rule.   That is wrong. It is a betrayal of the men and women who serve this  country in uniform. We won't ignore these issues in the next Congress.   We should defeat this rule and have a real debate.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. The Asia Reassurance  Initiative is an extremely important and timely piece of legislation. I  am glad that we will be able to bring it forward today in a bipartisan  manner. And that is no small feat. This legislation is so comprehensive  and far reaching, it was referred to six different committees.   I cannot overstate the strategic importance of this bill before us  today. In Washington, we all too often focus on immediate crises and  fail to focus on the broader but slower moving challenges of our time.  This legislation focuses on that bigger strategic picture.   Over the next 100 years, the most significant issue facing American  foreign policy will be the rise of the Indo-Pacific. The region will be  the most significant driver of economic and demographic growth. Its  environmental policies will have immense impact on global health and  climate change, and China's rise will have extraordinary geopolitical  implications for the future of American leadership in the world.   The Asia Reassurance Initiative Act is an important piece of  legislation in directing Congress' attention to its vital foreign  policy. The bill states that the United States will develop and commit  to a long-term, comprehensive strategic policy for the Indo-Pacific  region that secures our and our allies' interests; advances American  influence, including through the promotion of human rights; and  supports the rule of law and international norms.   This bill also authorizes $1.5 billion in funds to State and USAID,  so we can start to put our money where our mouth is on this Indo- Pacific policy.   Passing this legislation is critical, especially at this time, as  China's assertive behavior in the Asia region threatens the regional  balance of power--as this administration takes unorthodox positions and  chooses to carry them out in ways that are of concern--and as much of  the world sees the United States in retreat from the international  stage, this bill sends a clear and resounding message to the region:  American commitment remains steadfast.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this measure and urge all Members to  do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Doggett), a member of the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Trade.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time, and I  will close because there are no other speakers.   Mr. Speaker, I want to again express my same strong support for the  bill before us today. The Asia Reassurance Initiative Act is an  important piece of legislation. It articulates a bipartisan policy  towards the Indo-Pacific, authorizes funding to support American  engagement in the region, highlights the importance of coordinating our  development, diplomacy, and security interests to create effective  foreign policy, and it sends a message to Asia and the world that the  United States is investing in our allies and our strategic priorities.   I hope all Members will join me in supporting this bill.   Before I yield the balance of my time, I know I said this the other  day, but it looks like it is really coming true now: This may be the  last time those of us in the Foreign Affairs Committee get to speak on  the House floor for this Congress, and since my good friend and  partner, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, the gentlewoman from Florida, is here, I  want to just say, for everyone to know, what a pleasure it has been to  be by her side for all these years and work closely with her on so many  important pieces of legislation that I lost count years ago.   But one of the things with Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, you can always count  on her to work hard, to do the right thing, to be on the right side. It  is really just a pleasure to be her colleague and an even bigger  pleasure to be her friend.   So I hope she will come back and visit us. If not, I am going to  Florida to visit her. And I will always cherish the gentlewoman's  wonderful tenure in the House of Representatives and particularly on  the Foreign Affairs Committee.   Mr. Speaker, the Foreign Affairs Committee, under the leadership of  Chairman Royce, who also has been as bipartisan as you can get, has  done a lot of work this year, this Congress. I am really proud of the  work that we have done in this Congress, and I look forward to doing  even more work in the next Congress.   So I thank Chairman Royce and Ms. Ros-Lehtinen.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   