 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would increase funding for the  Quantum Information Science program within the Research, Development,  Test and Evaluation, Army account by $5 million, and decrease the  operation and maintenance defense-wide fund by an equal amount.   This amendment is intended to increase funding for innovative  research projects within the Army's Quantum Information Science  program, QIS. This program sits at the intersection of  [[Page H5743]]  quantum, material, computer, and engineering sciences with the  potential to revolutionize multiple technologies for the Army,  Department of Defense, and the country as a whole.   These funds will allow the United States to maintain its vital  leadership and quantum science. The importance of quantum science to  our national security cannot be understated. The nation that first  develops quantum communications technology will be able to completely  secure networks and possess powerful decoding capabilities.   Recognizing the promise of this groundbreaking technology, China has  publicly stated its goal of surpassing the U.S. in quantum computing in  the next decade and has invested $10 billion to construct a state-of- the-art quantum research facility.   Investing in quantum information science will help the U.S. preserve  itself as a global leader in the 21st century. The U.S. must preserve  its global leadership in science and technology, and this amendment is  a step in the right direction.   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for her  support, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment would increase funding for the  Peer-Reviewed Gulf War Illness Research Program under the Defense  Health Program by $1 million and decrease the operation and maintenance  defense-wide account by an equal amount.   This amendment is similar to an amendment I offered last year that  passed this body by voice vote, and I urge my colleagues to support  this amendment again this year.   This amendment is intended to increase funding for innovative,  competitively peer-reviewed research to provide a better understanding  of the pathobiology underlying Gulf war illness, to identify objective  markers for improved diagnosis, and to develop treatments for the  complex of Gulf war illness symptoms and their underlying causes.  [[Page H5745]]    Gulf war illness is estimated to have affected between 175,000 to  250,000 of the nearly 700,000 troops deployed to the first Gulf war.  This program is working to make a significant impact on Gulf war  illness and to improve the health and lives of affected veterans and  their families.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to help  find a cure for Gulf war illness, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for her  support, and I yield back the balance of my time.   