 Mr. Speaker, it is indeed a pleasure to rise here tonight  with my friends and colleagues in recognition of National Bible Week,  which we celebrated last week during the Thanksgiving holiday.   It is my privilege to stand in this chamber tonight, as God has led  me to be here to tell you what the Bible means to me and the impact it  has had on the history of this Nation.   Throughout our country, we are seeing a distinct level of division  that is evident in this very body and all across our land.   In Exodus, God created the law, the Ten Commandments, and instituted  a government to carry out the law, saying: ``Appoint judges and  officials for each of your tribes in every town the Lord your God is  giving you, and they shall judge the people fairly . . . Follow justice  and justice alone, so that you may live and possess the land the Lord  your God is giving you.''   Right now, I am looking at the face of Moses over the entry to this  House chamber.   Government was instituted by God for one purpose: to restrain evil  and promote good.   We must ensure that in this body and throughout our government, that  we are always working toward this purpose.   Mark 3:24 says: ``If a kingdom is divided against itself, that  kingdom cannot stand.''   During trying times and always, we must turn to the word of our God  and trust that He will lead us on a path to righteousness, as the truth  can always be found in our faith in Him. And, my fellow Americans, the  truth shall set you free.   One of the first Scriptures I memorized was Joshua 1:8. It says:  ``This book of the law,'' the Bible, ``shall not depart from your  mouth, but you shall meditate on it day and night, so that you may be  careful to do according to all that is written in it; for then you will  make your way prosperous, and then you will have success.''   I have prayed over this scripture and believe all who pray and follow  the word of the Lord will be granted all the wonderful promises God has  made through His word, like He has done with me and as He did with  Abraham in Genesis 15:6: ``Abraham believed the Lord and he credited it  to Him as righteousness.''   As I have traveled Georgia's 12th District, I remind folks that we  are all just stewards of what God has given us and we must be obedient  to God's word to keep it.   Psalms 24:1 tells us: ``The Earth is the Lord's, and everything in  it, the world, and all who live in it.''   Everything belongs to God.   We must ask for God's blessing and protection. It says that in the  Bible.   As we enter the Christmas season, we must all remember the importance  of this day as we celebrate the birth of the savior of the world.   Earlier this year, the late Billy Graham lay in honor in our Capitol.  I have read his inaugural prayer as a reminder every week for the past  16 years. I would like to share it with you now.   ``Our Father and our God, Thou hast said, `Blessed is that Nation  whose God is the Lord.' We recognize on this historic occasion that we  are `a Nation under God.'   ``We thank Thee for this torch of faith handed to us by our  forefathers. May we never let it be extinguished. Thou alone hast given  us our prosperity, our freedom and our power. This faith in God is our  heritage and our foundation.   ``Thou hast warned us in the Scriptures, `If the foundations be  destroyed, what can the righteous do?'   ``As George Washington reminded us in his farewell address, morality  and faith are the pillars of our society.   ``We confess these pillars are being eroded in an increasingly  materialistic and permissive society.   ``The whole world is watching to see if the faith of our fathers will  stand the trials and tests of the hour.   ``Too long we have neglected Thy word and ignored Thy laws. Too long  we have tried to solve our problems without reference to Thee.   ``Too long we have tried to live by bread alone. We have sown to the  wind and are now reaping a whirlwind of crime, division, and rebellion.   ``And now with the wages of our sins staring us in the face, we  remember Thy words, `If my people who are called by my Name shall  humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked  ways, then will I hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and will  heal their land.'''   My fellow Americans, this prayer was offered on the inauguration 49  years ago.   As I talk to you at this time, our Nation, many have told me that we  are at a crossroads.   My prayer is this: that God has given us His word, and as far as me  and my household, we shall worship the Lord.   Thank you and God bless you.   