 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to immediate consideration of Calendar No. 393, S. 2644. I  further ask that the committee-reported substitute amendment be agreed  to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed,  and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.    Mr. President, I rise for the third time in the past 2  months to defend the integrity of our political process by defending  the ongoing investigation led by Special Counsel Robert Mueller.   The continuity of this investigation is critical to upholding public  trust in our institutions of government due both to the substance of  the investigation, the extent to which a foreign government was able to  interfere in our political process, and the principle that no person-- no person, no matter how high the rank--is above the law.   The investigation has produced results already, including the  indictment of more than 12 Russian nationals for interference in the  2016 elections. It has also led to much knowledge about what was going  on during the period of 2016 and beyond with regard to individuals in  the United States. We need to protect the independence of the special  counsel and allow this crucial investigation, and any like it in the  future, to run their course.   This particular bill, S. 2644, Special Counsel Independence and  Integrity Act, was approved by a bipartisan vote of 2 to 1 in the  Judiciary Committee--14 to 7. We don't have many votes like that, the  Senator from New Jersey will attest, in the Judiciary Committee. It has  awaited a floor vote ever since. That is 9 months--9 months without a  vote on this bipartisan bill that came out of the Judiciary Committee.   I just asked a moment ago for unanimous consent to pass this  legislation. It was objected to for the third time. I know some of my  Republican colleagues have some sincere objections to this bill. Some  of them believe a President must be able to fire anyone within the  executive branch, at any time, since the President is the head of it. I  understand the constitutional arguments. I know some of my colleagues  hold them sincerely. I would respond that, if this bill becomes law,  the President still has a key role in overseeing the process. There is  accountability to him. The Constitution requires that there must be.   Under this act, the Attorney General would still oversee the  investigation and still be able to remove the special counsel for good  cause. So the special counsel would not be fully insulated  [[Page S7850]]  from Presidential control. The Attorney General who oversees the  special counsel still answers to the President. This legislation simply  adds one layer of protection to the special counsel and makes his  removal renewable, to make sure it is for sufficient cause, and it  maintains a significant degree of Presidential control while protecting  the special counsel investigations from being terminated by a President  who might feel that he or she is under increasing heat.   This bipartisan request today is timely and necessary. Just last  month, after the midterm elections--for those of my colleagues who said  throughout the year nobody is being fired, don't worry, nothing to see  here--the day after the midterm elections, the President forced his  Attorney General to resign after numerous public comments from the  President that the AG should not have recused himself from the  investigation even though he was a key player in the 2016 campaign.   It is clear we need to put these protections in place and send this  signal to the President. Nobody is above the law. The truth must be  told, whatever it is.   I thank my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee, particularly  Senator Coons and Senator Booker, for pushing this legislation and for  insisting that it be considered on the Senate floor and for being here  today again.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, to conclude, I thank my colleagues for  their kind words. I thank them for taking their jobs seriously and that  they would continue to do this.   I say to our President: This is not a witch hunt. Russia attempted to  interfere in our elections, and they will continue to make that  attempt.   We are seeking truth here, and that is what the special counsel is  doing, and he needs to be protected. We need to be better prepared for  future elections. That is what this is about.   As the Senator from New Jersey just said, this is based on the  principle that no one--no one, however high and mighty, whatever  position they hold--is above the law.   With that, I yield back.   