 Mr. President, I seek recognition to speak at this time.    Mr. President, I rise to convey my strong support for the  America's Water Infrastructure Act, which passed Congress earlier  today.   With communities throughout Massachusetts and the country working to  improve the quality of their drinking water, bracing for rising seas  and more intense storms, and seeking to be more competitive in the  global economy, this legislative package will provide welcome relief  and support for critical infrastructure.   I have long focused on providing resources needed to improve the  maritime linchpin of my State's economy: Boston Harbor. But this  economic engine needs direct Federal funding to fire on all cylinders,  especially as we transition to a new, supersized shipping era.   Two years ago, the Panama Canal completed an expansion project that  allows bigger vessels, called post-Panamax ships, to pass through the  canal. These ships, which are the length of aircraft carriers and can  carry more than three times as much cargo as their competitors, are too  large to dock at Boston Harbor today. That is why, in the 2014 Federal  water resources bill, I fought to authorize $216 million in Federal  funding for the Boston Harbor improvement project, which will deepen  the harbor to accommodate those post-Panamax ships. I am pleased that  my provision dedicating an additional $16 million to this crucial  project was included in the 2016 water resources bill.   The Boston Harbor improvement project is projected to double the  harbor's container volume, protect and grow 7,000 jobs, and generate  $4.6 billion in economic activity throughout the New England region. It  is a simple formula: Larger ships mean more cargo, more cargo means  more commerce, and more commerce means more jobs for Boston and the  State of Massachusetts.   I am pleased that the Corps has to date allocated $91 million of  funding to this critical project thus far, but deepening the harbor  alone does not ensure that the Port of Boston can accommodate these  new, gargantuan giants of the seas. We must also deepen the berths, the  area where the ships dock. That is why I am proud to secure a provision  in this bill that will allow the port to construct more expansive  berths, and I am pleased to help secure  [[Page S6749]]  a $42 million Federal grant to expand these berths.   By no means is Boston Harbor the only coastal gem in Massachusetts.  In 2020, we will be celebrating the 400th anniversary of the voyage of  the Mayflower and the settlement at Plymouth, but the celebration won't  be complete if the ships can't get into and out of Plymouth Harbor.  Regrettably, Plymouth Harbor has filled up with so much sand that ships  are having trouble navigating--including the centerpiece of the  celebration, the newly restored Mayflower II. That is why I secured a  provision in this bill requiring the Corps to dredge this important  landmark for the 400th anniversary. Just a few months ago, I helped  secure $14.5 million needed to ensure that this hallmark of American  history is swiftly deepened.   With this statutory requirement and funding, Plymouth Harbor will be  able to host a great birthday party in 2020--one that Americans from  all corners of the country and people from around the world are going  to attend. But those Bay Staters living on Cape Cod will most likely  experience a little traffic on the way to the event because Cape Cod is  only accessible by two bridges, which span the Cape Cod Canal. If Cape  Cod is the arm of Massachusetts, then these two bridges are the vital  arteries delivering the island's lifeblood. The strength of those two  bridges will determine the strength of the island's economy and health  and well-being.   Regrettably, these two 80-year-old bridges, which are owned by the  Army Corps, are structurally deficient. That is a problem for  businesses that need an uninterrupted flow of commerce and residents  who must have a safe means of evacuation in the event of an emergency.  Imagine if there were an accident at the Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station  or the equivalent of a Hurricane Maria. These two bridges are the only  way for many Cape Cod residents to escape to safety.   I am proud that this bill includes my provision directing the Corps  to replace these critical evacuation routes, helping preserve the very  safety of island residents. In a time of emergency, Massachusetts  residents shouldn't have to think twice about the best way to get their  families to safety.   The bill also includes legislation that I have authored to help  protect consumers from unjust and unreasonable increases in their  electricity rates. Right now, if the Federal Energy Regulatory  Commission has a vacancy--as is currently the case--and deadlocks 2 to  2 on whether to improve a rate increase, the increase goes forward. To  make matters worse, the public can't even challenge a decision in this  circumstance. That is exactly what happened in New England in 2014,  leading to a $2 billion increase for our region's consumers.   My legislation would fix that by allowing the public to bring a  challenge when FERC deadlocks, as they can for every other FERC  decision. In sports, a tie isn't a loss, and the Fair RATES Act will  ensure that a tie at FERC won't mean consumers lose with higher  electricity rates. We must ensure that ratepayers are protected from  unjust and unreasonable increases in energy prices. The legislation  will help return the power to the people when it comes to energy prices  by providing an outlet for consumers to challenge rate increases.   I thank Senators Murkowski and Cantwell for working with me to move  this legislation forward, and I thank my great partner in the House of  Representatives, Congressman Kennedy, for his tireless work to address  this issue and to protect consumers.   I am pleased that this legislation contains several other key  provisions that increase the funding caps for three coastal protection  programs, allowing the towns of Salisbury, Newbury, and Sandwich to  implement larger beach-nourishment projects--pumping sand onto the  beach--to protect their communities; reevaluate the Muddy River  environmental restoration project to pave the way for reauthorizing  this crucial project; permit the town of Sandwich to use sand pumped  from the Federal Cape Cod Canal that otherwise would be dumped in the  ocean to fortify their town from rising seas; ensure that the Corps  takes on all the costs to repair the town of Sandwich's beaches, which  experience severe erosion due to the jetties at the mouth of Cape Cod  Canal; and require the EPA to appoint liaisons to minority, Tribal, and  low-income communities so these disenfranchised groups can have better  access to the resources and tools provided by the Federal Government to  improve the quality of our Nation's drinking water.   From fortifying our communities, to dealing with the present-day  impacts of climate change, to eradicating the environmental  contaminants of the 20th century from our water infrastructure, this  legislation package will provide the funding and direction needed to  help modernize the Commonwealth's water infrastructure.   I thank Chairman Barrasso and Ranking Member Carper for working with  me on this important legislation. I was proud to vote in favor of  America's Water Infrastructure Act today. It is something that I think  is going to work very successfully for the State of Massachusetts. It  is something that, in my opinion, is the quintessential example of how  bipartisanship should, in fact, animate the legislative process in this  body.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   