 Mr. President, I will be very brief as I know numbers of  people here would like to speak to this bill, which will be an  accomplishment for us, and we greatly appreciate the Senator's  leadership in making it happen.   I was here when Dodd-Frank was passed. I was on the Banking Committee  at that time. I didn't support it. The reason I didn't support it is  for the many reasons and the many things we are doing today to correct  it.   Whenever regulation passes, it begins at the targeted group, which,  in this case, was made up of the larger institutions in our country  which failed. Then, over time, the regulatory processes seeped down to  the smaller entities, the smaller banks, that were housed in the  communities all across our respective States--the members of the Rotary  Club, the Kiwanis Club, the Lions Clubs International, the Chamber of  Commerce--the people who make things happen in our communities back  home. We have ended up in a situation now in which our community banks  and credit unions, which serve our communities and cause economic  growth to occur, have these large back office operations that are  spread over a smaller asset base. It has made them noncompetitive and  has made it very difficult for them to do the jobs we all cherish that  they do back home, which is to help to grow those economies. This bill  is focused on them.   Senator Tester, I know, has been focused on this for many years, but  what  [[Page S1356]]  we are doing here is giving relief to those institutions. It is about  time. We have had enough time to see what needs to happen. This was  done in a bipartisan way, for which I am thankful.   Mr. President, I would like to thank Senator Crapo for his leadership  here in working with people on both sides of the aisle to create a  responsible bill that is not an overreach. Some of the provisions of  Dodd-Frank, we all know, are good. Some of them are good, and we are  leaving many of those in place. At the same time, what we are doing is  taking a very constructive step to make sure that these smaller  institutions, which represent a very small amount of the assets in our  Nation but have such outsized impact on the communities they are in,  have the ability again to flourish and do the things that are necessary  for our economies back home to grow.   I thank Senator Crapo. I am proud to be a part of this and a  cosponsor. I thank Senator Crapo for letting us be a part of it, and I  hope that collectively we will ensure that this is a very successful  effort.   I yield the floor.   (Mr. HOEVEN assumed the Chair.)   