 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding.   As co-chair of the Bipartisan Heroin Task Force, I have spent a lot  of my time working on this opioid crisis. Congress must do everything  we can to ensure that our communities have the resources for  prevention, treatment, and enforcement.   My district is also home to 140,000 seniors, among the highest in the  country. As we work together in a bipartisan way to fight this  epidemic, we cannot forget about our seniors and how this crisis  affects them.   More than 42 million Americans get their prescription drugs through  Medicare. They rely on Medicare part D, the prescription drug program,  for the drugs that they need.   A 2017 report by the HHS Office of the Inspector General found that  500,000 Medicare part D beneficiaries received high amounts of opioids.  High means in excess of what the manufacturer and CDC recommend--in  other words, dangerous amounts.   Too many senior communities are being flooded with opioids. We must  protect our seniors, and that means we need to protect Medicare from  those who would abuse it. We need to fight the fraudulent abuse of  Medicare by people who do not have seniors' best interests at heart.   In some cases, seniors are having their Medicare numbers stolen and  then used to fraudulently bill Medicare for opioids. So-called pill  dumping has resulted in millions of painkillers flooding small towns  across the country through just a few pharmacies, much of it paid for  by Medicare.   Last year, the Department of Justice announced the biggest healthcare  fraud bust in its history. They arrested 412 defendants for billing the  government $1.2 billion in fraudulent charges, including prescription  opioids which were then distributed in our communities.   The SENIOR Communities Protection Act gives Medicare a new tool to  crack down on those who would fraudulently use senior Medicare dollars  to flood communities with unneeded drugs. The bill gives Medicare part  D plan sponsors the ability to suspend payments to a pharmacy that is  under investigation due to a credible allegation of fraud or abuse.  This should make it easier to respond to harmful fraud and abusive  activity more quickly. This protects Medicare dollars for those whom  they are intended--for our seniors.   If a criminal is fraudulently billing Medicare and distributing  prescription drugs, Medicare should not have to pay for it while an  investigation is underway. Those dollars are for seniors.   This is the same tool available to other programs in Medicare, and  this bill simply extends it to the prescription drug program. It is a  good and smart tool. It is designed to make sure that seniors keep  getting the drugs they do need, while protecting pharmacies that have  done nothing wrong.    The bill is designed to make sure that seniors keep  the drugs they do need and protect pharmacies that have done nothing  wrong, while allowing us to go after those who abuse Medicare.   I am grateful to the bipartisan sponsors of this bill. I am grateful  for the bipartisan support it has received in committee. I would like  to just mention those bipartisan Members who lent their support to it:  Representatives Chris Collins,  David Schweikert, Ann Kuster, Earl  Blumenauer, and Paul Tonko.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill.   