 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, shortly, I will move for unanimous  consent to pass S. Res. 610, urging the release of information  regarding the September 11 terrorist attacks upon the United States. It  is a bipartisan resolution, and I thank the cosponsors who joined me in  this historic effort: Senators Cornyn, Schumer, Gillibrand, Murphy,  Menendez, Grassley, Markey, Booker, Rubio, and Sanders. At a time of  very deep division in our country and in this body, all of us are still  able to come together to help the survivors and families of the  horrific September 11 terrorist attack as they seek justice and  fairness to deter additional and ongoing state sponsorship of terror.   Following our successful efforts in 2016 to enact the Justice Against  Sponsors of Terrorism Act, also known as JASTA, the families of 9/11  victims who perished earned the right to have their day in court. We  thought that day would come quickly and they would receive justice. We  believe they also earned a right to the necessary  [[Page S6317]]  Federal Government archive investigative files on the al-Qaida  terrorists and foreign nationals who may have assisted. As much as we  expected justice, the Federal Government denied them those records and  documents that are vital to their cause.   So 17 years after this national tragedy, the appropriate  declassification releasing these documents poses no threat to our  national security, and there is no reason for the Federal Government to  resist their requests. These files have been kept secret for too long.  That secrecy contradicts the national interest. Their cause serves our  national security, not only because it gives them justice individually,  but it also deters terrorists in the future. Denying them access to  this important evidence is unjust, unfair, and unwise.   The U.S. Government should make public any evidence of links between  the Saudi Arabian Government officials and the support network inside  the United States used to aid and abet the 9/11 hijackers. The legal  and moral responsibility of our government is to provide its citizens  with all available information regarding this horrific tragedy on  September 11, 2001, particularly where there may be evidence that  foreign nationals conspired within our borders to support terror with  the assistance of foreign governments.   This resolution would never have been possible without the efforts of  my constituent Brett Eagleson, of Middletown, CT. He was 15 years old  when his father Bruce was lost to him in that massive, unspeakable  destruction. He was on the 17th floor of Tower 2 of the World Trade  Center. Brett was joined in his advocacy and efforts by members across  the country of the 9/11 Families and Survivors United for Justice  Against Terrorism. That group is a profile in courage, reliving the  pain and anguish of those days in their efforts to seek justice for all  Americans. They include a number of individuals whose names I wish to  place in the Record: Mary Fetchet of New Cannan, who lost her son;  Gordon Haberman of Wisconsin, who lost his daughter; Carol Ashley of  Long Island, who lost her daughter; Tim Frolich, a survivor from New  York City; Sharon Premoli, a survivor from Vermont; Loreen Sellitto  from Florida, who lost her son; and Charles Wolf of New York City, who  lost his wife. I thank each of them and the many others who supported  this effort for their courage and strength.   There are so many we honor today by our passage of this sense-of-the- Senate resolution. This Senate resolution is itself succinct but  significant. It resolves that it is the sense of the Senate that  documents related to the events of September 11, 2001, should be  declassified to the greatest extent possible; and, two, that the  survivors, the families of the victims, and the people of the United  States deserve answers about the events and circumstances surrounding  the September 11 terrorist attack upon the United States.   Many years later, the pain and grief they endure on that horrific day  is still with them. Each year in Connecticut we commemorate this day,  and we will never forget. That is our resolve--never to forget, never  to yield to hopelessness, never to allow our support for these families  to diminish.   This sense-of-the-Senate resolution makes real the promise the Nation  made to these 9/11 families. They deserve this evidence. Even if it is  embarrassing to foreign governments or foreign nationals, they deserve  justice.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Homeland  Security and Governmental Affairs be discharged from further  consideration of S. Res. 610 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   