 Mr. President, the 115th Congress is drawing to a close,  and we have accomplished a lot over the past 2 years. Our goal for this  Congress was simple--make life better for the American people.   A big part of that was getting the economy going again. After years  of economic stagnation under the Obama administration, American  families were feeling the pinch. Growth was sluggish, wages were  stagnant, and opportunities were few and far between. For too many  families, getting ahead had been replaced by getting by. We were  determined to change that, and so we took action.   We passed a historic reform of our Tax Code that put more money in  American families' pockets and made it easier for businesses to grow  and create jobs and opportunities for American workers, and now we are  seeing the results: robust economic growth, the lowest unemployment  level in almost 50 years, a record number of job openings, growing  wages, near-record confidence among small businesses, and the list goes  on.   In human terms, that means more opportunities for American workers  looking to grow and advance; it means more options for Americans  searching for a job; and it means bigger paychecks and better benefits  for workers and less worry for families.   I am proud tax reform is making life better for American families and  grateful to Senator Hatch and our colleagues on the Finance Committee  for the incredible work they did to get this historic reform through  Congress.   Tax reform was our biggest economic achievement this Congress, but  that is not the only thing we have done to help American workers. Along  with the White House, we have lifted burdensome regulations, and we  enacted legislation, led by Senator Enzi and Senator Alexander, to  prepare students for the workforce by improving career and technical  education programs. We also enacted Senator Crapo's legislation to give  Main Street lenders relief from burdensome Dodd-Frank regulations.   On the national security front, under the leadership of the late  Senator McCain and Senator Inhofe, we have reinvested in our Nation's  military to ensure that our troops are equipped not only for today's  mission but to meet the threats of the future. We passed the largest  pay increase for our troops in nearly a decade, and we delivered real  reforms for our veterans through the VA MISSION Act. This legislation,  helmed by Senator Isakson, streamlined the VA's community care programs  to help ensure that veterans receive efficient, timely, and quality  care. Once fully implemented, it will also expand caregiver assistance  to disabled pre-9/11 veterans, an overdue benefit for generations of  our heroes. We also modernized the Veterans Benefits Administration  appeals system to develop a quicker, more responsive system for  veterans.   On the healthcare front this Congress, we passed the SUPPORT for  Patients and Communities Act to address the nationwide opioid epidemic.  This was a product that contained policies championed by multiple  committees and multiple Senators, and I am grateful for all the work my  colleagues did to advance this important initiative.   We also repealed ObamaCare's individual mandate tax which forced  patients to buy insurance they didn't want and couldn't afford; we  passed legislation, led by Senator Johnson, to give terminally ill  patients access to experimental care; and under the leadership of  Senator Hatch, we passed the longest extension of the State Children's  Health Insurance Program in the program's history.   Another major achievement this year has been the tremendous number of  good judges we have been able to confirm to the Federal bench. Senator  Grassley has done an incredible job of moving these judges through the  process and presiding over the confirmations of two Supreme Court  Justices. The Federal bench will be stronger for many years because of  his work.   Senate Republicans have accomplished a lot in the 115th Congress, and  we are excited to get to work in the 116th. Our agenda will stay the  same--growing our economy and expanding opportunities for American  workers and protecting our Nation.   There are those who wonder how much Congress will be able to  accomplish in the next 2 years. After all, we are facing a divided  government. We have a Republican President. The American people voted  for a Republican majority in the Senate, but they also voted for a  Democratic majority in the House of Representatives. Divided government  doesn't have to spell the doom of productivity.   Over the last 30-plus years, some of our greatest legislative  accomplishments have been the product of divided government--the 1986  Reagan tax reform, 1996 welfare reform, the Balanced Budget Act of  1997, national security legislation in 2002, the 2012 legislation to  help working families by making the Bush tax cuts permanent, a major  reform of the VA in 2014--all important bills, all the product of  divided government.   So I know it is possible for the Republican Senate and the Democratic  House to achieve big things in the 116th Congress, and Senate  Republicans are ready to work with our Democratic colleagues. Now it is  up to the Democrats to decide whether they want to work with us.  Democrats have spent a lot of time over the past 2 years trying to  relitigate the last Presidential election, but if they want to get  anything done in the 116th Congress, they are going to need to move  past 2016. Tying up the House with partisan investigations of the  President or running a Presidential campaign from the Senate floor is  not a good use of anyone's time. We need to spend our time focused on  the American people's priorities like helping working families and  increasing opportunities for American workers. That is what Senate  Republicans will be focused on in the next Congress.    I hope our Democratic colleagues will join us. If they are willing to  work with us, I know that together we can achieve big things for the  American people.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, this evening the House of Representatives  concurred in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to S. 140,  legislation known as the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act  of 2018. The House's action clears the way for this measure to reach  the President's desk. As the Coast Guard works through hurricane season  and continues drug interdiction and other critical efforts, House  passage of this legislation is a critical step toward supporting the  men and women in uniform who guard our Nation. Among this bill's  provisions is a title that addresses the need for clear and enforceable  standards of incidental water discharges from vessels. Senator Carper  and I reached a bipartisan agreement, included in this legislation,  which places the Environmental Protection Agency in the lead role of  establishing standards, which the Coast Guard will monitor and enforce.  Clear, achievable rules will be the most effective way to address  environmental concerns about the spread of invasive species through  ballast water discharges. I am pleased to have reached this agreement,  and I want to inform my colleagues that we will be submitting errata to  the Committee Report on the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018  Senate Report 115-89, that reflects the agreement we reached. I ask the  Senator from Delaware if the Senator agrees that the modifications we  negotiated over the last few months have made a significant improvement  to the legislation?   