 Mr. Speaker, this is the sequel to ``Weekend at  Bernie's.'' But this doesn't work.   The headline yesterday in The Washington Post was: GOP Campaigns  Ditch Touting Tax Law in Ads. The first one stunk. This is even worse.   Republican economist Douglas Holtz-Eakin, a good, good guy, said this  past May: ``There's just no evidence that the tax cuts actually pay for  themselves.''   Of course they don't. That is why you are targeting healthcare. That  is why you are targeting Medicare. That is why you are targeting Social  Security. You already targeted Medicaid.   In New Jersey--we are still a State--the average SALT deduction  claimed in 2016 was more than the $10,000 limit. In my district, the  average is over $18,000. One of the counties in my district is $24,000.  [[Page H9169]]    What have you done? That means the average taxpaying household--New  Jersey, listen up--now has to pay income tax on an additional $14,000  worth of income.   We may have 12 Democrats by the end of the election.   If they are a middle-class family being taxed at 24 percent, that is  an extra $3,400 they have to come up with at tax time.    Mr. Speaker, for hundreds of thousands of New Jersey  families, that is a mortgage payment; that is a tuition bill; that is  money for unexpected medical bills. Instead, it is going to be moving  to pay more bills in Montana and South Dakota.   I offered an amendment to restore the full SALT. So every Member who  votes for this monstrosity today is voting to make the SALT caps  forever and to impose a permanent tax on middle-class families. It is  mind-boggling that a Member would want to hammer his constituents like  that.   I ask my colleagues: How could you vote to punish your middle-class  constituents to give even more money to the 1 percent?   What is even more fascinating, a number of people on the other side,  Mr. Speaker, no wonder they are voting for this thing today. They get  less than 1 percent of the donations from folks like you and me. So  that is why they are tuned in to corporate America.   