 Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the government  listening to your phone calls, reading your emails, or reading your  text messages without a warrant. It doesn't mean the government will  never do this, but it means they would have to ask a judge. They would  have to ask a judge if they have probable cause that you committed a  crime. They would have to name you. They would have to name the  information they want. It is called the Fourth Amendment. All Americans  deserve the protection of the Fourth Amendment.   In fact, I believe it was John Adams who said that James Otis's  argument against blanket warrants, against generalized warrants that  they called writs of assistance--he said that the argument James Otis  made in the 1760s was the spark that led to the American Revolution.   Lincoln is said to have written that any man can stand adversity, but  if you want to challenge a man or a woman, give them power.   Over almost 1,000 years, the history of Western civilization has been  the struggle to contain the power of the monarch, the struggle to  contain and maintain the power of the government in every form. From  Magna Carta on, it has been the people trying to take power back from  either the monarchy or a despotic government. We get to the formation  of our government, and Jefferson wrote that the Constitution would be  the change, that the government would be bound up in the change.   Patrick Henry wrote that the Constitution is meant to restrain the  government, not the people. It is about trying to restrain government  from abusing the power to take our rights. You have a fundamental right  to be left alone. Justice Brandeis put it this way. He said that the  right most cherished among civilized men and women is the right to be  left alone.   But we know also that the history of those who grab the reins of  power, the history of those who take up the mantle of power is a  history of abuse.   In World War I, President Wilson arrested 10,000 Americans because of  their objection to the war.   FDR had an enemies' list that he actually was very vocal about and  published in newspapers. There were 77 people who were his enemies, and  he used the IRS to go after them.   LBJ illegally spied on Martin Luther King. We just had Martin Luther  King Day yesterday. LBJ spied on him illegally in all manners and in  all forms. They spied on Vietnam war veterans.   Nixon had an enemies' list.   You name it--President after President has abused this power.   President Obama had a fight with the tea party groups. It turns out  that if  [[Page S177]]  you registered as a tea party group, you were given extra scrutiny. And  people were denied being allowed to form as a charitable group or  political activist group under President Obama because they disagreed  with President Obama.   We now have a current administration where there have been  accusations of people in the FBI having a personal animus against this  President and conspiring and discussing how they could block him. We  have had members of the Department of Justice who were married to  people doing opposition research on President Trump, paid for by the  opposition candidate, by Hillary Clinton.   Without question, that power has been abused and will always be  abused. It was Lord Acton who said that ``power tends to corrupt, and  absolute power corrupts absolutely.'' The history of our country is  about trying to restrain the power of government.   Realize that we have the ability to collect all of the phone calls in  Italy in 1 month. There was a story saying that we did it, that we  collected every phone call from Italy. Who gets trapped in that? If you  collect everyone's phone call in Germany or everyone's phone call in  Jordan, who gets caught in that? Many, many innocent, legitimate  Americans get caught up in the other end of phone calls because it is  not just the phone calls of terrorists, it is everybody's phone calls.  They are all being vacuumed up, and innocent Americans are caught up in  that.   Senator Wyden has been a leader in asking tough questions on the  Intelligence Committee. Are there communications that are purely  between two people in America that somehow get caught up in this  database? He has been given a variety of answers on this, but we  suspect that Americans talking to Americans in this country are caught  up in this database. Should the government be allowed to search this  database to prosecute you for not paying your taxes or for a minor  marijuana violation? Absolutely not. Why? Because this information is  gathered without a warrant. It is gathered without any constitutional  protection.   As others have said, we actually are OK with a lower standard for  gathering foreign intelligence. We acknowledge that the Constitution  doesn't apply to everybody in the world. But if Americans get caught up  in that, Americans deserve the protection of the Constitution.   Some on the other side have started saying: Well, it is lawfully  gathered, so it could be used for any lawful purpose. That is the most  ridiculous argument I have ever heard. It is gathered lawfully for  foreigners, and we made the standard zero. There is no constitutional  protection. We never said that we are going to gather foreigners'  information, put it in a big pool, mix it up with Americans'  information, and then type your name in--John Smith--and then find out  whom you have been talking to.   Realize that they could listen to your conversation, then they could  bring you in for an interview with the FBI, and if you say anything in  the interview that contradicts what they eavesdropped on in your  conversation, you have now committed a felony. Do you really want all  of your phone calls recorded and then the government to have the  ability to bring you in and ask you questions about your phone calls?  And if you are not perfectly accurate in recalling your phone calls,  you could go to prison.   All we are asking is that, for Americans, the Constitution should be  in order. We should not get rid of the Constitution. We shouldn't throw  it out. The Constitution should protect us all.   We take an oath of office to defend the Constitution. Our soldiers  take the same oath of office. Wouldn't it be sad if our soldiers came  home from fighting and defending the Constitution to learn that we gave  up on it while they were gone?   The sad state of affairs here is that the majority doesn't want any  debate. They want to ram this through with no amendments. Senator Wyden  and I have worked for months on amendments and on an alternative bill  which actually reauthorizes the program. Senators Leahy and Lee have  another bill that is similar that replaces the program. None of us are  for ending the program. All we are saying is that if you want to look  at an American's information, you have to get a warrant.   People say it will slow us down. All of our bills have an emergency  exception. If they declare an emergency, they can look at the  information and get the warrant the next day. We hope that would be  extraordinary and not the norm.   The thing is, we want the program to work, but we don't want  Americans caught up in it. I hope Senators will think this through.  This will not kill the program.   They are going to scare you to death and say: Tomorrow, we are all  going to die. The world is going to be taken over by terrorists if we  don't have this.   If we win this vote tonight, they will be negotiating within an hour  and will come to a compromise that allows the Constitution to protect  Americans. That was our oath of office. That is what we should do.   I urge a vote against the bill in its current fashion.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Iowa.   