 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas, the  distinguished chair, for her leadership.   The amendment I am offering will support explosive ordnance disposal  equipment upgrades and technology enhancements.   When the Department of Defense canceled the EOD/Low Intensity  Conflict Program, which formerly developed and delivered capabilities  commonly required by each services' EOD tactical units, it was done  without transferring this program and the oversight responsibility on  EOD research, development, and acquisition to that of the Under  Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics.   It is my understanding that DOD's Combating Terrorism Technical  Support Office will now absorb this specific mission set within their  Improvised Device Defeat and Explosives Countermeasures program. This  program is unique in that it supports the United States Government's  Interagency Deputies' Technical Support Working Group to combat  terrorism by using a whole-government approach. Specifically, the  program leverages the intelligence community, the Departments of  Defense, Homeland Security, Justice, and State, as well as State,  local, and Tribal levels of government.   There are about 33,000 annual call-outs, approximately 4,500 of which  are on DOD military munitions. The Improvised Device Defeat and  Explosives Countermeasures program develops or improves operational  capabilities to neutralize, render safe, and contain blast  fragmentation during these emergency response operations and terrorist  incidents involving use of IEDs in the homeland. Furthermore, it  produces dual-use capabilities on enhancing lifesaving technologies for  military tactical EOD units and those of public safety bomb squads  organized at the State, local, and Tribal levels of government.   Therefore, I encourage the Director of the Combating Terrorism  Technical Support Office to appropriately prioritize funding toward  delivery of these advanced dual-use capabilities in the IED  countermeasures program used by military tactical EOD units and public  safety bomb squads.   In closing, this program is critical to the safety and security of  America's  [[Page H5802]]  citizens. Military tactical EOD units and public safety bomb squads  deserve the best tools and equipment we can provide so they are able to  neutralize, disable, dismantle, render safe, and exploit improvised  explosive devices and explosive ordnance both at home and abroad. My  amendment will ensure they receive the equipment upgrades and  technology enhancements they need.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   