 Thank you, Madam President.   I know the Presiding Officer is a cattle farmer, as I think they are  referred to in Mississippi. It is an honor to be  [[Page S4478]]  here on the floor with you to talk about important work for  Mississippi.   Colorado is an incredibly diverse State. When it comes to our  economy, we are the--if you look at jobs per capita, we have more  aerospace jobs per capita than any other State in the country. We have  the second highest number of jobs outright, second only to California.  Our tourism industry is world renowned--our first-class ski resorts,  our gold medal trout fishing streams. It is incredible, all that we  have. We are also one of the country's biggest agricultural producers.  In fact, the ag economy in Colorado remains the fundamental  foundational building block of our economy.   I grew up in a part of Colorado that looks more like Kansas. Most  people think it is in Kansas instead of Colorado. This is my backyard.  This is where I live. I live in town. This is a farm, a pivot  irrigation system that I grew up with. In fact, our family sells farm  equipment. I have told stories about that to everybody here--everybody  who will listen--so many times that they have probably stopped  listening. I grew up selling farm equipment.   I can remember, when I first ran for office, going around eastern  Colorado and introducing myself to farmers. I would introduce myself. I  would say: Hi, I am Cory Gardner, and I am running for the State  legislature. I have met most of you at the implement dealership. I have  sold half of you the wrong parts. I quit using that line when everybody  would shake their head--yes, you have. So I grew up knowing a lot of  great people in agriculture through that business.   Water is the lifeblood of our area. Agriculture is the lifeblood of  our area. There is an old saying that sometimes if there is a downturn  in agriculture, then our community will feel it next week. Well, that  is not true anymore. If we have a downturn in agriculture, our  community feels it that day. That is how connected we are to global  commodity prices and what it means for us.   I am fifth-generation Coloradoan. Our entire family has been all  agriculture. It is the heart and soul of who we are as a country, and  that is why this farm bill debate is so important.   In Colorado, we have tremendous crop opportunities, livestock  opportunities. We have some of the best hay operations in America. In  fact, several of our counties--Yuma County, which is the county I am  from, over the years has been ranked and rated one of the top corn- producing counties in the Nation. We are a leading wheat exporter.  Eighty-seven percent of the wheat that is produced in the 4th  Congressional District--my old 4th Congressional District in Colorado-- gets exported overseas.   The research we are doing out in eastern Colorado on dryland cropping  systems is pretty remarkable--the Akron research station there.   The San Luis Valley is known nationally and around the world for our  high-quality San Luis Valley potatoes, purple potatoes that you can get  from the San Luis Valley. We have sorghum and barley. A lot of people  are familiar with our Banquet beer in Colorado. We have great beef. We  have pintos and potatoes. We have it all. And, of course, who could  forget our world-renowned Palisade peaches? It is that time of year now  when we are starting to see peaches in the farmers markets and in the  stands all around. I challenge anybody from South Carolina or Georgia  to compare their peaches to our peaches because we know we have the  best. We are coming up on the Peach Festival, as well, in the Western  Slope of Colorado. We certainly have sugar beets.   We have an incredibly diverse economy. We have a diverse economy that  represents a lot of export opportunities. Some of our best exports and  some of our largest exports are beef. Frozen beef, fresh beef--you name  it; we have a lot of beef. That is why trade is so critically important  to our economy. We are going to get our ag economy growing.   By the way, ag is kind of facing a tough time right now. Farm  receipts are down about 35 percent from what they were in 2013. If you  look at some of the golden years of agriculture not too long ago, we  are probably down even further than that. When commodity prices drop,  when exports drop, these communities that I grew up in--these  agricultural communities in the Western Slope of Colorado and in the  Eastern Plains--they feel that impact not next week, not the week  after, they feel it immediately. That is why trade is so important.   Let me give an example of this field right here. If you had an  irrigated cornfield in Colorado--let's say that you had a good year.  Let's say that you raised 225 bushels an acre of corn. Let's say that  in May the price of corn was $4.05. I looked it up yesterday, and it  was about $3.55. That 50-cent drop in commodity price on 160 acres--if  you take 160 acres a quarter, if you look at the farmable land, the  irrigated land, that is probably around 120, 140 acres, somewhere in  between that. If you just raise that corn crop on 120 acres of land,  225 bushels an acre, and that price drops 50 cents per bushel, that is  about a $12,000 or $13,000 impact--loss of income--per quarter.   The average farm size in Colorado is--let's say a corn farmer--let's  just say they have 1,000 acres of corn, irrigated corn. If that price  drops 50 cents, that is a $100,000-plus loss of income. If we start  seeing the impacts of a trade war that lowers the price of these  commodities, we will see that impact not tomorrow but today. These low  commodity prices have already affected the health of our rural  communities. We don't need any more downward pressure.    Beef alone accounts for $675 million worth of these exports. We  should be pursuing free-trade opportunities. Colorado-grown potatoes  account for over 50 percent of all U.S. potato exports to Mexico. NAFTA  is incredibly important for this country, what we are doing with all of  our agriculture products and how we are getting them to market.   We know rural development is key, and agriculture is key and trade is  key to that rural development. So the farm bill represents a great  opportunity for us to focus on rural development--what we can do to  help start young farmers, help them get a start and help them afford  the operation, because it is incredibly expensive. A quarter of  irrigated ground in Colorado at one point was approaching $1 million a  quarter. A tractor could cost around $250,000 if you had to buy a new  one, a big one.   All of this means that we have an obligation to provide certainty in  policy. That is what this debate is doing with the farm bill--providing  our farmers, folks involved in agriculture, with the certainty they  need to plan, to be able to go to the bank to talk about next year's  operation loan, this year's operation loan, how they are going to get  the receipts to allow them to continue that generational business of  agriculture in Colorado and beyond.   We know economic times have also resulted in significant economic  stress and significant mental stress. I am very pleased to have worked  with a number of my colleagues to introduce the FARMERS FIRST Act  earlier this year. This is a bill that helps address some of the mental  health concerns we have seen in agriculture.   In agriculture, per 100,000 population--we have about 5 times the  number of suicides in agriculture than the broader group of Americans-- 5 times higher suicide rate. This bill starts to address that.   In Colorado, Don Brown, our agriculture commissioner--I grew up with  him. He is from the same town I am from. They have restarted the  suicide hotline in Colorado to address the mental health needs because  of the challenges we face in agriculture today. I thank Commissioner  Brown for that work.   I thank my colleagues for the work we have been able to do together  on the FARMERS FIRST Act to make sure we can help provide some of that  relief.   In this farm bill, we have also made great strides on conservation. I  was able to get the EQIP amendment included in the farm bill. That  addresses agricultural drought concerns to make sure that the farm bill  more adequately addresses the critically important conservation title  work as it relates to drought.   I thank Senators Feinstein, Wyden, Udall, Moran, Bennet, and Harris  for their support in allowing me to work with them on this amendment  and to have it included in the substitute. If you look at the drought  that is gripping the Western United States in particular, you have  Arizona, 100 percent drought; California, 69 percent of the  [[Page S4479]]  land in a drought; Colorado, 79 percent of the State in a drought;  Kansas, 79 percent in a drought; Oklahoma, 80 percent; Utah, 100  percent; North Dakota, 81 percent. These are areas that this EQIP  language that was included will help address as we work toward solving  this ongoing drought condition.   Water is the lifeblood of the West. Colorado is the only State in the  country where all water flows out of it and none flows into it, so we  have to make sure we get this right. As you can see, this is a picture  of the Colorado River. That is an example of a bloodline of water that  goes from Colorado down to California and all the States in between  that rely on this river. As we see, as that water in the river  decreases, it puts more pressure on the upstream States. If we ever  have a problem in the river, that is going to be a significant  challenge between the upper basin States and the lower basin States.  That is why the tools that we have helped provide in the farm bill will  help us manage this river, will help us manage the land, will help us  address conservation needs to use less water so that we can keep more  water in the systems, keep more water on the land, and prevent the dry- up of agriculture.   We were able to streamline EQIP contracting, increase cost share for  nutrient reduction practices, and increase the authority of USDA to  enter into drought-related Conservation Reserve Enhancement Program  agreements. This will help areas like the Republican River in Colorado  and beyond.   These are important inclusions in the farm bill. We have other things  that should be highlighted, though, that will also address some of our  water concerns.   We know that forest fires are a significant challenge to Colorado. If  there is a massive forest fire, all those watersheds that those forests  are in result in debris flows and contamination of those water systems,  those waterways, and that hurts our ability to have access to that  water.   In the omnibus that we passed earlier this year, we were able to  include certain language addressing categorical exclusions, building  upon insect and disease--efforts to combat them in certain areas of the  forest. The challenge we have in Colorado is that the categorical  exclusions only apply to fire regime groups 1, 2, and 3, but in  Colorado, we have about 24 percent of our zones of concern in Colorado  that are in a different category, not in 1, 2, or 3, which means we  can't use the categorical exclusion to address insect and disease  concerns under that provision. Yet we know a significant area of these  forests have insects. This is where a lot of the insect infestation has  occurred.   Insects have devastated our forests. It results in dead trees, and  then the drought doubles the pressure on that, creating historic fire  conditions, and then you end up imperiling the watersheds.   We have offered an amendment to try to address that, to extend the  categorical exclusion so that we can have better management  opportunities to prevent the next disaster from occurring and to make  sure that we can help manage our forests in a more responsible way.   I am also excited that we were able to include work addressing the  Akron research station in Akron, CO, in eastern Colorado, a dry land  facility. We have an amendment that is incorporated in the substitute  that authorizes research and extension grants to study the utilization  of big data for more precise management of dryland farming agriculture  systems. This goes into how much water we need and how we could better  manage dryland cropping alternatives. If we have a drought that  continues, we are going to have to have more tools and data to help  manage farming practices so that we can do a better job of creating  high yields in a low-moisture environment.   These are all important issues that we worked on.   Crop insurance is incredibly vital to our Main Streets in rural  Colorado and across this country. That is why we have to continue to  strengthen the Crop Insurance Program. That is why I am glad the farm  bill makes sure that it does just that. The conservation title is  important to Colorado as well.   There are a lot of issues this farm bills addresses. I thank Chairman  Roberts for his work on this legislation. He is our neighbor in Kansas.  I don't think he included a provision in the farm bill to thank  Colorado for the water that we send to Kansas, but they have better  lawyers than us, so I will not push that too far when it comes to some  of the water conflicts that we have had. I say that jokingly, of  course.   What I don't say jokingly, of course, though, is what agriculture  means to all of us. It is that bond that we share in our communities.  It is the foundation of Colorado's economy and this country's economy.  There are so few people today in agriculture, that those of us who are  involved in agriculture, who are in agricultural communities, have to  be strong advocates. I hope the work this Senate is doing when it comes  to agriculture will be that ambassadorial effort that we need to be  good stewards of our land, to continue to promote small farms, new  farmers, and young farmers to make sure that we keep generations of  farmers and ranchers on the land and that we don't have a buy-out and  dry-out history because we mismanaged our water resources.   This farm bill helps address some of our biggest challenges. Let's  get our other policies like trade right, continue to work together in a  bipartisan fashion, and we can make our farmers and ranchers proud of  the work we do every day.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   