 Mr. Speaker, we are here to talk about the promise that we  made to the American people.   As the proud son of immigrants, my great-grandmother escaped the  child bride situation in Colombia and came here with the shirt on her  back and her little girl and just enough skills to make it through in  America, and she did it legally.   We are a compassionate country who supports legal immigration, but we  are here to talk about illegal immigration and the one chance we have  left to solve that.   Border security is a bipartisan issue, and it is not just about a  wall or a fence. It is about stopping things like illegal immigration  and human trafficking, because seeing little girls sold into sex  slavery into this country is not a compassionate thing for the American  taxpayer to be a part of.   It is about declining economic conditions for America's working poor,  knowing that the average high school dropout in America makes about  $25,000 a year and, over the last 20 years, that has increased the  amount of people, through illegal immigration, who don't have a high  school diploma by about 25 percent. Who is standing up for the working  poor that were born in this country?   And then there is the abuse of the American taxpayer. Pennsylvanians,  where I represent a portion of the population, paid an additional $1.3  billion in taxes this year for things like education, incarceration,  healthcare, and a whole raft of social services.   Senior citizens struggling to pay their property taxes in  Pennsylvania risk losing their homes paying for those kind of things,  and it is completely avoidable.   There is the rise of the opioid crisis, where fentanyl, across the  border, the southern border, has increased 750 percent since the  beginning of the year. I talked to my DAs today. In the two major  counties I represent, that is one death a day due to opioid and  fentanyl overdose.   Then there is the potential for terrorism through our southern  border, where our Border Patrol says that they seize 10 terrorists a  day.   Mr. Speaker, regardless of all those reasons that I have just  outlined, there is still just one more that is the most important, and  that is that we made a promise to the American people to secure the  border. This is our last chance.   Nancy Pelosi will not do this, and the American people are counting  on us to do what we said we would do. And that is why I am advocating  for the funding package for the border in the CR, or I have to say  ``no.''   