 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Chairwoman  Brooks, for her attention to the positive effects of tax cuts on our  Nation's economy, especially back home in Indiana.   Mr. Speaker, when this body was debating the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act,  we were told that 3 percent growth was impossible. We were told that  the middle class and small businesses would not see any benefits. And  we were told that manufacturing jobs would never come back.   Mr. Speaker, all of these so-called experts were dead wrong.   Since December, the U.S. economy has been growing at 2.9 percent and  the Atlanta Federal Reserve bank estimates that growth this quarter  will exceed 4 percent.   This is hardly the ``secular stagnation'' that so many on the left  insisted was the inescapable future for the U.S. economy.   The bottom line is this: the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has unleashed  record growth by lowering taxes on America's families and businesses.   When I am back home in northeast Indiana, I am constantly hearing  good news as a result of tax reform.   In Bluffton, 20/20 Plastics is increasing annual wages by $1,200 and  looking to invest in new manufacturing facilities in 2019.   In Fort Wayne, Quake Manufacturing is adding $1,000 bonuses and  dental insurance for its employees.   Hoosiers across northeast Indiana have experienced the benefits just  from turning on their lights, as Northern Indiana Public Service  Company requested that customers' utility rates be lowered.   It is no secret why this is happening: Washington is taking a page  out of Indiana's playbook.   During my time as a State senator, I was proud to work with Governors  Mitch Daniels and Mike Pence to significantly lower taxes on  individuals and businesses.   As a result, Indiana has one of the strongest economies in the  country, with an unemployment rate of 3.2 percent and a labor force  participation rate well above the national average.   Unemployment claims are at a historic low, and Indiana consistently  ranks as one of the top States for business investment and economic  growth.   For example, the annual report ``Rich States/Poor States'' ranks  Indiana as having the country's third best economic outlook, while CNBC  has consistently ranked the Hoosier state as one of the best places in  the country to do business.   Finally, Indiana continues to be a manufacturing powerhouse, with  536,000 Hoosiers employed in the industry, and this number will only  grow thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.   Monthly manufacturing job gains have more than doubled under  Republican control, with over two-thirds of manufacturers creating new  jobs to fill.   Even more impressive, 86 percent of manufacturing firms plan to  increase capital investments thanks to the tax cuts passed by  Republicans.   As the district with the most manufacturing workers in the country,  this is great news for Hoosiers as companies across northeast Indiana  are hiring more employees and increasing wages.   Additionally, 47 percent of U.S. small businesses plan to use their  tax savings to increase business investments.   We know from the data that there is a 99 percent correlation between  business investment and wages, and there is no question that the Tax  Cuts and Jobs Act has spurred business investment.   This was the largest increase of wages since mid-2009.   Mr. Speaker, some have said the good news has amounted to crumbs and  have promised to undo all of the gains we have seen from tax reform.   We owe it to the American people to make sure that that does not  happen, but instead, we need to make these tax cuts permanent.   