 Madam Speaker, the reelection strategy for every  single Republican Member of the House is to stand strong with a  President willing to take children from their parents in order to look  mean and nasty and cruel to children who are fleeing for their lives.  You own that. That is your campaign strategy.   As of today, Republicans want to put the children in the same jails  as the parents and fight to hold them indefinitely and demand we charge  asylum seekers as criminals and jail them with their children. The more  than 2,300 children who have been taken from their parents and put in a  vast system spread over thousands of miles, we just don't know if those  children will ever see their families again. You own that, too. That is  what you are campaigning on to save your jobs this coming November.   Taking DACA away from Dreamers: that is your policy, too. And then  putting bills on the floor to cu legal immigration and build a wall are  your strategies to blame Democrats for what you are doing.    Republicans want to be both the arsonists and the firefighters, and  you can't be both.   I don't blame Speaker Ryan and Chairman Goodlatte. They are not bad  people. They are both decent men of faith who have been put in a  position of defending policies that are cruel, inhumane, and run deeply  contrary to the will of the American people and the values of our  Nation.   This must be morally wrenching for them. But honestly, I have little  sympathy. Each has made a devil's bargain to trade their reputation for  Stephen Miller's agenda and Donald Trump's name.   Legal immigration? No.   An asylum policy that protects human lives? No.   DACA to protect Dreamers? No.   Policies that treat wife-beating, rape, and human trafficking as  matters that require us to protect women? No.   A nation of immigrants? No.   All they want is a wall.   Even though both are leaving office because the Republican Party is  no longer home for decent men and women of values, faith, and  conscience, both are leaving us with one last commitment: to put the  needs of this erratic President above the will of the people and above  the good of our Nation.   At some point, someone needs to stop complimenting the emperor on his  new set of clothes and start telling the President he is naked.  Covering his rear end from all the lies, the deceit, and the  soullessness is no longer sustainable.   