 Mr. President, I rise out of a great sense of pride to  exercise one of my responsibilities in the U.S. Senate to speak on  behalf of Tripp Self, a judge from the Georgia courts, who has been  nominated to become a judge for the U.S. District Court for the Middle  District of Georgia. The vote will take place not too long from now,  and I encourage every Senator to cast his vote for Judge Self. He is  the whole package.   He has a wonderful wife and family and four great children. He worked  in the private sector for years and accomplished many things in the  private sector. He went to the University of Georgia School of Law and  graduated cum laude and summa cum laude from The Citadel, The Military  College of South Carolina, and went on to have a distinguished private  career. He then served as a superior court judge on the Macon Judicial  Circuit for the State of Georgia. In that job with the superior court,  he did something that I am very close to. He is an entrepreneur because  he started the Veterans Treatment Court for the Middle District of  Georgia and for that judicial circuit.   The Veterans Treatment Court, as all of you know, is a court that is  formed to help veterans who stray from the law or who have difficulties  when they come home either because of PTSD or TBI. It helps them with  the struggles of battle that they have had and with whatever problems  they may have had from representing us on the battlefield. They trip  and they fall, and they need somebody to help get them up. We want to  make them do the right thing but also help them get themselves brushed  off, look forward to careers, and help them get that step forward. We  do that with teenagers with what are called CASAs, Court Appointed  Special Advocates. We turn people around who otherwise might go to  jail--young kids. The Veterans Treatment Court takes those who have  risked paying the ultimate sacrifice--that of their lives for you and  for me and for everybody else--who might have fallen off just a little  bit. When we get them back into the judicial system, we get them  straightened out, and we move them forward so they have better lives  and rewarding careers of their own--thanking them for all of the things  they have done for us as veterans.   As the chairman of the Veterans' Affairs Committee of the U.S. Senate  and as one who recognizes the value of the court system for all of the  things it does to administer justice, I am particularly proud to have a  judge who has used his entrepreneurial skills to deal with a problem  our society has in the legal sense and in the court sense and to see to  it that our veterans are getting the help they need and that our  communities are getting the representation they need.   I am also a football fan. I know calling football games is tough,  just as making judicial decisions is tough. Tripp Self officiates NCAA  football in the Southern Conference. Two years ago, he was selected to  do the 2017 FCS national championship game, which is a testament to his  ability to call balls and strikes on the field.   He is a pretty good shot too. He is a turkey hunter and likes to  turkey hunt and likes the outdoors.   Most importantly, he loves the United States of America. He respects  and loves the law for what it does. We are a nation of laws and not of  men. He does everything in his capacity as an individual and as one on  the bench to see to it that our country is a better country and our  State is a better State--the State I represent, Georgia.   When each Senator turns to vote in a few minutes on the confirmations  of the three judges that will come before us today, when it comes to  Judge Tripp Self, of Georgia, may each cast a vote proudly for someone  who is a legal entrepreneur for veterans, one who has served with  distinction in the State as a private sector practicing attorney and on  the bench already, and one who will serve the United States of America  very well in the years to come.   I commend him and his family for being willing to take on this  responsibility, and I thank the President of the United States for the  wisdom to make this appointment.   I yield the floor.   