 Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 3 minutes.   Mr. Chairman, first, let me commend the manager of the bill, Mr.  Marino, and the author of the legislation, Mr. Katko. Synthetic drugs  are a plague on this country, and part of the reason is  [[Page H5219]]  that our laws have not kept up with the evolving threat. Mr. Katko's  legislation helps the law catch up somewhat, and that is important for  the safety of our people.   My amendment deals with a related area where the law has not caught  up. Many of the purveyors of these poisons will seek to evade  responsibility by printing on the label ``not intended for human  consumption.'' The reason they do that is 21 U.S.C. 813 says: ``A  controlled substance analogue shall, to the extent intended for human  consumption, be treated, for the purposes of any Federal law as a  controlled substance in schedule I.''   Now, the loophole there is, ``to the extent intended for human  consumption.'' So what these people do is they just print the label,  ``not intended for human consumption,'' and that makes it more  difficult to arrest and prosecute and to keep these drugs off of the  street.   My amendment simply replaces part of that sentence with six factors,  which should be considered, to see whether it is really intended for  human consumption, whether it is really a situation where people know  full well that kids are buying this stuff, that they are smoking it, or  that they are otherwise ingesting it and dying as a result.   As I said, this is consistent with the idea that we need to have our  laws catch up with what the purveyors of these poisons are doing, and  this is another attempt to add to the very valuable work that Mr. Katko  has begun.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Marino).    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Chairman, there is nothing in the amendment that affects  sentencing in any way. The amendment simply seeks to remove a get-out- of-jail-free card that these purveyors of poison have been using to try  to evade responsibility.   There is nothing that says, if you meet any one of these factors, you  are automatically going to jail.   What it says is you have to look deeper into these six factors to  determine whether or not it really was intended for human consumption,  that just putting a label that says ``I didn't intend anybody to smoke  this stuff'' is not enough to evade liability.   And I would note, Mr. Chairman, that the Federal Law Enforcement  Officers Association, the National Association of Police Organizations,  and the Fraternal Order of Police have all supported this provision.  And as the gentleman from Pennsylvania noted, a similar provision  sponsored by Senator Klobuchar was passed out of the Senate Judiciary  Committee recently.   Mr. Chairman, this arises because a few years ago, a constituent of  mine named Jesse in Amarillo, Texas, told his mother that it was no big  deal; he was smoking synthetic marijuana.   Well, it turns out it was this potpourri stuff that had been sprayed  with toxic chemicals. Unfortunately, Jesse died. And as the police went  to the place where he would buy this stuff, it had prominently on the  label, ``Not intended for human consumption.'' It greatly hindered  their ability to get that stuff off the street.   Mr. Chair, this amendment fixes that. I urge Members to support it.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   