 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in favor of H.R. 1153,  the Mortgage Choice Act of 2017.   This bipartisan legislation is essential to help low- and middle- income families gain access to qualified mortgages. I commend Chairman  Hensarling and Congressman Huizenga for their work on shepherding this  bill through the legislative process.   Policymaking is complex, and Congress and Federal regulators do not  always get it right. We need to sometimes make changes to address new  issues and unintended consequences that arise.   As we have seen for the past few years, the Dodd-Frank Act--and let  me add that there are many of us in the real estate business and on  bank boards who saw the effects of Dodd-Frank not allowing banks to go  into the communities that need them the most--contains certain  provisions that fit one or both of these categories and must be changed  through legislative action.   One of these policies is the CFPB's qualified mortgage, or QM, rule.  The QM rule is intended to protect lenders from legal liability and  provide compliance certainty for mortgage loans that are low risk and  meet certain criteria. One of those criterion requires a mortgage  loan's total points and fees not to be in excess of 3 percent of the  loan's value.   Unfortunately, the points and fees rule often depends on who is  making the loan and how title insurance is obtained, which is confusing  for both consumers and businesses providing these services. Also, as  has been mentioned, insurance premiums held in escrow are considered  points and fees under the QM rule, which is ridiculous. That is like  saying that a parent who puts money in for a 529 savings plan for his  children's education is a car payment or a mortgage payment. It doesn't  make sense, but it discourages consumers from using this important  financial management tool.   H.R. 1153 would address these unintended consequences and provide  clarity for borrowers and businesses. I am also confident that the  CFPB, under the leadership of Mick Mulvaney, will ensure that this  clarification is effectively implemented if this bill is enacted into  law.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense fix so  that we can get the policy right and address the unintended  consequences arising from the future rule.   