 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2809.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Smith for the great job that he  has been doing, and also to Subcommittee Chairman Babin and  Subcommittee Ranking Member Bera. This is truly a bipartisan piece of  legislation, and I believe under Chairman Smith's leadership, we have  had a bipartisan committee in the Science, Space and Technology  Committee.   H.R. 2809, the American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act, clears up  the doubt around commercial space activities. Which agency is  responsible? Who will give me the answers?   It is hard enough to create a new technology and develop new markets  without having to get five different answers about which bureaucrat  needs to sign off on what form. This uncertainty, this confusion, has  forced companies overseas, much in the same way that companies were  forced overseas before the Commercial Space Act of 2004, of which I was  the author.   Now, as then, it is the fault of Congress for not keeping up with the  industry. Now, as then, we choose to enable American cutting-edge space  companies by providing the framework in which they can build, test, and  create. Now, as then, we choose to lead the world, and we are making  this a better world through our space enterprise.   Do you remember when long-distance telephone calls cost a fortune?  Ordinary people could not make phone calls to their loved ones. So in a  way, by bringing down the cost and enhancing the quality of that type  of communication through space-based enterprise, we have expanded the  goodwill of people towards each other and their families throughout the  world.   We have made sure, for example, that with space-based assets, even  farmers know when to plant, thus we have more food production at a  cheaper price, and space-based assets have made America safer.   Mr. Speaker, it has been an honor to work with the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Smith) on these space-related issues, and I would hope that  we continue to work together in cooperation, showing America's young  people that we believe in the future, and whether it is Republican or  Democrat, we are going to work together to make sure they have that  future they deserve.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my  name as a cosponsor of H. Res. 774.   