 Mr. Speaker, all of us are painfully aware of  the devastating toll taken by opioid addiction and abuse in every  corner of this great country.   While this epidemic is truly national in its scope today, it actually  began in the small communities in Appalachia over a decade ago. Our  hills were flooded with painkillers, our hospitals flooded with  patients, our churches flooded with helpless parents crying out for  help. Our rural towns simply did not have the capacity to handle this  monstrous problem.   Today, given the unique challenges confronting Appalachia, the  opioid-related overdose rate is 65 percent higher than in the rest of  the Nation. Let me repeat that. In Appalachia, the opioid-related  overdose rate is 65 percent higher than the rest of the country.   But the people of Appalachia are resilient, and they are problem  solvers. They have taken important strides to combat this problem  holistically.   Operation UNITE in my district, where it began, is a leading national  example. UNITE, Unlawful Narcotics Investigations, Treatment and  Education, is a three-pronged, holistic approach to tackle this  monster.   I was really heartened and grateful when Chairman Barletta invited  Operation UNITE's CEO, Nancy Hale, to testify before his subcommittee  about the unique challenges UNITE confronts in southern and eastern  Kentucky, and the creative solutions they have employed to beat back  against this scourge.   Today, I remain grateful for his leadership in shepherding H.R. 5294  through the House floor. This bill will bolster the Appalachian  Regional Commission's role in combating the opioid epidemic.   ARC has always been a valued partner in our fight, but this  legislation clarifies that the commission can and should make targeted  investments to reduce barriers to workforce development; attract and  retain healthcare services, businesses, and workers; and develop  relevant infrastructure, including broadband, which can be used for  telemedicine treatment.   These investments are critical for my district and the entire  Appalachian region, and I urge other Members to support this bill.   Let me thank, again, Chairman Barletta for his great leadership in  this problem. He is a recognized expert, and he has proven he cares for  the people that he represents and that the rest of us represent.   