 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from California for his  leadership.   I rise in support of the Veterans Treatment Court Improvement Act of  2018 requiring the Department of Veterans Affairs to hire 50 Veterans  Justice Outreach specialists to support veteran treatment courts.   We have a sacred obligation to serve the needs of our Nation's  veterans, including those struggling with addiction and the invisible  wounds of war. Twenty percent of Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans  suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder or major depression. One in  six battle with substance abuse.   Left undiagnosed or untreated, these illnesses can lead to an  encounter with the justice system. Worse yet, they can also lead to  suicide, which veterans commit at more than twice the rate of the  civilian population.   Fortunately, specialized veteran treatment courts are being developed  across the country to help veterans who suffer from substance addiction  or mental health disorders, and they receive the assistance they  deserve.   The first such court was established in Buffalo, New York, in 2008.  Since then, more than 300 have opened across the country, including one  in Fairfax County and another in Prince William County, both counties I  represent. I was glad to help establish the first docket in Fairfax  County, and have been a proud supporter ever since.   By bringing these service organizations, State Veterans Services  Departments and volunteer mentors into the courtroom, veteran treatment  courts promote community collaboration and can connect veterans with  the programs and benefits they have earned and they need.   Having a veteran-only court docket ensures that everyone, from the  judge to the volunteers, specialize in veteran care; and the  involvement of fellow veterans allows the defendant to experience the  camaraderie to which he or she has become accustomed in the military.   We know this model works. It is our hope that the additional Veterans  Justice Outreach specialists provided for in this bill will help  promote veteran treatment courts as an alternative to detention for our  Nation's returning heroes, and help them with the transition to  civilian life.   