 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to engage in a  colloquy with Mr. Flake, the Senator from Arizona.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, if you have been following the circus in this  town long enough, you probably remember earmarks, the infamous special  interest spending provision that party leaders used to sprinkle over  unpopular legislation, sort of like heavily subsidized sugar.   Even if you aren't familiar with this concept, you may be familiar  with specific wasteful earmarks, such as the infamous $223 billion  ``bridge to nowhere'' in Alaska or the $3.4 million turtle tunnel in  Florida, which was precisely what it sounds like, a 13-foot-long  underground tunnel that was intended not for people, not for  automobiles, not for train traffic but for turtles, or the so-called  ``monuments to me,'' buildings that politicians named after themselves.   Earmarks were everything Americans couldn't stand about Washington,  DC. They enabled corruption, and they facilitated waste. They wreaked  of entitlement. They were the swamp, and then they went away for 7  wonderful years and counting. They went away because Republicans banned  them after the 2010 election cycle, when the tea party wave rolled  through Washington, lifted by an anti-cronyism message. Now some  politicians in the House of Representatives are trying to bring  earmarks back. Now, I have heard some bad ideas in my time in the  Senate, but this one takes the cake.   Just like in a horror movie, the swamp thing is coming back to life-- or at least it is trying to--even after we hit it in the face with a  shovel.   Earmark fans never left Washington, of course. They have just been  lying low, waiting for memories of their waste and abuse to somehow  fade from our public consciousness, from our awareness, and our  discussions about Washington.   Now, 7 years later, these politicians and their special interest pals  think they have found a nifty argument to rehabilitate pork-barrel  spending. They point to the dysfunction in Congress and say earmarks  would somehow make all of that better. It is a little bit like saying:  There is a fire over here, let's pour some gasoline on it and see what  happens.   Sure, these offenders admit earmarks are frequently unseemly. They  have to acknowledge that. There is no getting around that point, but  they claim earmarks are a kind of industrial lubricant for the sausage- making factory that is Congress.   According to them, bringing earmarks back will get the machine  churning out sausage again, just like before. Like many terrible  political arguments, this one has some acknowledgeable, superficial  appeal.   Congress is, indeed, dysfunctional, and earmarks probably would make  it easier for some people in Congress, some party leaders and others,  to buy votes for their bills, but why should we believe our problems  would be solved if we just hand more power over to the already powerful  few in Congress, if we make it easier for them to pass unpopular bills  like ObamaCare or massive amnesty?   It was the elites from both parties who reduced Congress to its  present lowly state. The public despises Congress, and it certainly is  not because we killed earmarks. It is because the public distrusts the  elites who rule them and the awful unrepresentative laws they passed  with the help of earmarks, no less, prior to the 2010 election cycle,  when the American people said: Enough is enough when it comes to  earmarks.   Now, the fight over earmarks is really a fight over two very  different, competing visions of how Congress should govern. The  Washington establishment likes the current system, where just a few  lawmakers negotiate and write bills behind closed doors.   This system, itself, works great for the swamp. If you like the  swamp, then you probably love earmarks. It keeps cash flowing through  certain offices and their alumni's lobbying shops on K Street. There  are tough decisions made in secret without any accountability or  fidelity to the public, to the people we represent.   This corrupt system excludes all but a handful of well-positioned  Representatives and Senators. So it effectively disenfranchises  hundreds of millions of Americans whose representatives have little say  over what actually passes into law. Bringing back earmarks would only  make that situation worse.   An alternative system would be one of transparency, of  decentralization, of legislative accountability. Representatives and  Senators would write legislation collaboratively in the open for all to  see, forcing popular compromises and, yes, from time to time, taking  tough votes.   The reason Congress doesn't work like this right now is because the  establishment is afraid of what the public might see and how they might  vote in response to what they see. Governing out in the open would  require Members to do the hard work of learning about issues before  forming coherent positions.   The present broken system is much easier, at least in this critical  respect: It lets a small handful of lawmakers do all the thinking and  the scheming, and it rewards docile lawmakers with the occasional  earmark to tout to their constituents back home, to tout to them as if  to ask: Aren't I wonderful?   Earmarks would make life better for politicians, in other words, but  it would make life worse for the country, much worse. That we are even  considering such a bargain; that it is even being discussed as a  serious matter in the House of Representatives is an insult to logic  and is exactly why Congress is held in such widespread public disdain.   Eventually, I believe, Congress will reform itself. As the old adage  goes: ``If something cannot go on forever, it won't,'' but it will take  a lot of painful decisions before we get to that point.  [[Page S451]]  We will have to struggle hard to extricate ourselves from the mess.   Bringing back earmarks would represent a step backward in this  struggle--back to cronyism, back to waste, and, yes, back to the  swamp. This is something we cannot allow. This is something that cuts  against our very interests as Americans and as Members of an  institution that has called itself the world's greatest deliberative  legislative body.    So I would ask my friend from Arizona, Senator Flake, for his  thoughts on the matter and what he thinks about the wisdom, or lack  thereof, in bringing back this horrible tradition.    Mr. President, I am grateful for the work that has been done  by the Senator from Arizona on this topic.   One of the first times I remember seeing the Senator from Arizona on  TV, many years before I was elected to the Senate, was while he was  serving in the House of Representatives. I saw him interviewed on  national television, talking about this issue--talking about the  corruption that inevitably flows  [[Page S452]]  from a system that allows for favors like these to be handed out. I  remember the immense respect I had for this man whom I did not yet know  and wouldn't come to know for another decade or so, but who was willing  to call out something that he believed was contrary to public policy,  contrary to any system that would result in a good consequence, a good  outcome for the American people.   I also appreciate the comment he made a moment ago about a familiar  refrain by defenders of earmarks. Senator Flake mentioned that over  time people would point out that earmarks were, even during their  heyday, maybe representing a couple of percentage points of total  Federal spending. Well, that may be true, if you want to put it that  way, in those terms, as they inevitably did at the time, quite  persistently. But it overlooks a few things. It is a much larger  percentage, of course, of discretionary spending, and of domestic  nondefense discretionary spending could even be a larger percentage.  But more to the point, something that is only 2 percent doesn't  necessarily mean that it is having a favorable impact and that it is  not having an impact that is itself very significant.   When you look at a mile-long train, the engine car might represent  only about 2 percent of the total length of the train, but it is what  is driving the train. It is what is determining where the train goes,  and if that train is going in a wrong direction, that can be very bad.  So I have always found unpersuasive the initially persuasive argument  that this is just a tiny segment of Federal spending.   At the end of the day, earmarks represent everything that we are  uncomfortable with about Washington. Moving back to them would  represent a departure from a very favorable reform that we had in this  body 7 years ago.   So I would ask Senator Flake, who has served in Congress longer than  I have and who has seen this, to tell us what he fears most about  bringing back earmarks.    Mr. President, Senator Coburn said this is the ``gateway  drug'' for big government. That is such an appropriate analogy. It  reminds me of a news clip that I saw a couple of years before I ran for  the U.S. Senate, when there was coverage of a very large spending bill  that came up short--and those on the news commented at the time: Well,  it is well understood in Washington that what is now going to have to  happen is they are going to have to add probably tens of billions of  dollars to this bill, which they will do, and they will end up getting  it passed by adding these ``sweeteners'' as they call them--earmarks,  essentially--in order to get people to vote for them for the same  reason that Senator Flake just mentioned.   The dangers of bringing back earmarks are numerous, and it is my  strong view that we should not do that. We should avoid this like the  plague.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Mississippi.   