 Mr. President, today the Senate is voting to pass  legislation to crack down on bad actors who abuse the power and  potential of the internet to prey upon the most vulnerable among us in  human trafficking rings. Websites like Backpage are repugnant, and I  applaud my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their work in  holding these bad actors accountable. I also applaud them for working  to address the legitimate concerns of good-faith  [[Page S1860]]  technology platforms that want to be able to engage in responsible  content moderation and take steps to affirmatively stop abuses of their  sites.   I am pleased to support this legislation because I believe it  achieves the important balance between providing a mechanism to hold  accountable sex traffickers while allowing free speech and innovation  to continue to thrive. Key to my support is my understanding that this  legislation would not allow nuisance lawsuits against technology  companies--especially startups--based on bogus claims that they  ``facilitate'' sex trafficking. It is also important to me that I  believe the legislation as written does preserve Good Samaritan  protections for platforms and website operators who engage in good- faith content moderation. Legitimate efforts to monitor for illegal  content, shut down trafficking, or report suspected trafficking to law  enforcement should not and cannot be the basis for liability under this  legislation.   Finally, I want to note that I have heard concerns that this  legislation could be misused or abused to penalize websites that  promote important health and safety information to survivors of sex  trafficking, including about HIV prevention and treatment, and provide  access to community and peer support services. This information is  particularly critical to the victims of sex trafficking and others who  face high rates of violence and exploitation, like people who use  drugs, people of color, and LGBTQ people. I believe the use of this  legislation to create any liability for this important work would be an  impermissible misreading of the statutory language and legislative  intent.   