 Mr. President, my colleagues and I are on the Senate  floor tonight on behalf of the hundreds of thousands of Americans whose  pensions are at serious risk.   For generations, there has been an expectation in our country that if  you worked hard and earned a pension, that pension would be there in  retirement. Unfortunately, that promise is now in question.   Due to corporate bankruptcies, the financial crisis, and  underfunding, among other reasons, some of the largest pension funds in  this country are at risk of insolvency, potentially leaving retirees  with pennies on the dollar. I know firsthand the value of a pension. My  late father-in-law was a teamster. His pension allowed him to help  support his family and it provided him with the dignity of a decent  retirement.   Hundreds of thousands of Americans will go to sleep tonight uncertain  about their financial security. I have met these retirees. I have stood  with them at rallies. I have attended their meetings.   Just 10 days ago, back home in Indiana, I joined roughly 300  teamsters, both active and retired, from all corners of Indiana. They  met in Indianapolis to try to learn what the future would hold. They  simply want the pensions they worked so hard for and spent so many  hours laboring for--and that they earned. They simply want what was  promised to them and what their hard work earned for them.   Unless Congress acts soon, in Indiana alone, 22,000 teamsters and  2,700 mine workers are at risk of significant pension cuts. That is why  I cosponsored the Butch Lewis Act and the American Miners Pension Act.  These bipartisan bills would ensure retirees receive their pensions.  Both bills create a loan program that extends the solvency of at-risk  pension plans.   I also continue to work with Senators in both parties to build  support and to find a solution. Conversations need to turn into that  solution before the pension shortfall grows even worse. If we don't  act, the solution becomes more costly every day.   The Department of Labor lists 144 multi-employer plans as being in  critical or endangered status. The at-risk plans include ironworkers,  roofers, machinists, fishermen, plumbers, bricklayers, and carpenters,  among others.    We need to shore up our pension system before the problem grows  worse. The failure of these plans would not just devastate the impacted  retirees, it could be economically damaging to impacted communities and  could lead to the insolvency of the Pension Benefit Guaranty  Corporation--the PBGC--which provides pension insurance.   Last year, we similarly stood on this Senate floor together--not as  Republicans, not as Democrats, but as Americans--to fight for health  benefits for the retired mineworkers. We solved that issue. We reached  a compromise by working together, Republicans and Democrats together,  and passed a permanent solution that was signed into law. Let's do it  again here.   We have an opportunity to do the right thing--to ensure hundreds of  thousands of Americans have the financial support they expected, that  they worked nonstop for, and that they receive the pensions they  earned. A solution is right here in our grasp. We have to get this  done, and I urge the Senate to act immediately.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wisconsin.   