 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, allow me to say a few words on the passing  of a dear friend, Charles Krauthammer. Charles was a giant in the  conservative intellectual movement and community. With his passing, we  have lost not only a first-rate political mind but a model of civility.  As testament to his decency, leaders on both sides of the aisle paid  tribute to Charles over the weekend. Today, I know I speak for people  of all political stripes when I say we will miss him dearly.   Few were as formidable in debate as Charles Krauthammer. Although his  body was confined to a wheelchair, his intellect was boundless. With  even keel and gentle voice, he could carefully deconstruct the views of  his opponents, expressing his own ideas with preternatural eloquence.   In a political landscape marked by anger and acrimony, Charles stood  for reason and respect. Indeed, he was a voice of temperance in  intemperate times. While he never backed down in debate, he was also  well practiced in the subtle art of disagreeing without being  disagreeable. In so many ways, Charles showed us how political  discourse should be: balanced and rational, measured and informed, with  emphasis on facts over feeling.   I think we can all agree that civility took a beating this weekend,  but perhaps the biggest blow was losing Charles Krauthammer--a man who  embodied civility in his very being. At different times throughout our  history, we have been called upon to heed the better angels of our  nature. Charles was one of those better angels. He represented what we  could be if we listened to our better selves and if we listened to each  other.   As a nation, we have much to learn from the example of Charles  Krauthammer. In celebrating the life of an extraordinary man, we must  do  [[Page S4391]]  more than pay lipservice to his legacy; we must honor it through our  actions. We can do so by being strong in our convictions but soft with  our words, by being principled in our positions but respectful of other  views in this world. In a word, we can be more civil.   Open the newspaper, scroll through Twitter, or simply turn on the TV,  and you will see that this Nation suffers from a deficit of civility  quite unlike anything I have ever seen. The problem is bad. It is  getting worse, and both sides are to blame. Both sides are at fault for  escalating the rhetoric to irresponsible levels.   I have said this many times before, but it bears repeating: Our words  have consequences, and in an age of retweets, viral videos, and  shareable content, those words often echo well beyond their intended  audience and context. It is incumbent upon all of us--from the  President, to Congress, on down--to be responsible for our speech.   With that, I ask my colleagues, is there a better way to honor the  life of Charles Krauthammer than to follow the example of civility he  leaves behind? May we all, then, recommit ourselves to civility by  living as Charles lived. May his memory be a blessing to us all.   My wife is a wonderful person. She is a farm girl. She grew up on a  farm and really has earned everything she has ever had. She had a  brother named Ramon. Ramon was an athlete when he got struck--right  before the solutions to his illness were arrived at--and he became  crippled. Ramon was one of the finest men I ever met in my life. He was  very hurt by this malady that came upon him, but I can remember what a  decent, honorable, kind person he was and how he went on and got his  master's degree. He went all the way through undergraduate and got a  master's degree at Utah State University and then became a major  electrical engineer in Las Vegas. I remember one time carrying him--he  was so light--in my arms through the Los Angeles Temple of the Church  of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He was one of the finest men I  have ever known at any time, anywhere.   That is one reason why I recognize Charles so well. Charles  Krauthammer is one of the finest men I have known too. He and Ramon  were heroes of mine, people who took on the ramifications and  difficulties of life and beat them.   We are going to miss Charles Krauthammer. Not only was he brilliant,  but he was somebody who made sense. He was somebody who really could  relate to everybody. He was a really good person, just like my brother- in-law, Ramon, was as good a person as you could have ever thought. I  think we all should stop and think about these two lives and recommit  ourselves to being more reasonable to our colleagues. We might all  realize there is more to this Earth than just fighting, finding fault,  and advancing our own cause. I believe this is the greatest of all  legislative bodies. We have come close to doing that--to doing what is  right, to showing respect for each other--but we don't always get  there. I am not sure you can always get there. Sometimes you really  have to speak out and you have to speak bluntly.    I just want to remind people that Charles Krauthammer and my brother- in-law, Ramon Hansen, were two people who literally lived very good  lives, set very good examples, and overcame the challenges of being  crippled and terribly hurt to rise above and to do things that really  made a difference in this world.   I wish the Krauthammer family the very best. I care for them. I hope  they come and visit once in a while. We lost a great person this  weekend; I just wanted to say a few words about it.   This is a great body. We have great people on both sides. I would  like to see us work better together and accomplish more together in the  best interest of the greatest country on Earth. If we do that, I think  we will all, when the time comes, leave this place knowing we had done  our best.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   