 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Roskam so much  for his time.   Madam Speaker, this opioid epidemic is killing 116 people of all ages  every day, and it is horribly impacting western Pennsylvania's families  and communities. There isn't a silver bullet to end the suffering. It  is going to take communities working together to treat addiction and  find lasting methods of prevention.   I am proud of the work that we have done in the people's House to put  forward quality, bipartisan solutions to provide better alternatives  and treatment for all Americans.   I want to thank Chairman Roskam for including my legislation, H.R.  5684, the Protecting Seniors from Opioid Abuse Act, into this package.   This bipartisan bill with my colleagues, Mr. Thompson, Mrs. McMorris  Rodgers, and Mr. Doyle, will help at-risk seniors manage their  medications and avoid prescription drug abuse. This bill gives seniors  who are at risk for prescription abuse access to the Medication Therapy  Management Program. This successful program allows seniors to sit down  with a pharmacist or other health professional and receive expert  advice on how to best manage their prescriptions.   I think for most of us, when you go to pick up your prescriptions,  oftentimes you are asked: Do you want us to sit down and go over this  with you? Oftentimes, there is a line behind you. Or they say: You can  just check the box here and go ahead and pick up your prescription.  That is not the answer to what we are trying to do.   With the Medication Therapy Management Program, we actually sit down  with the seniors and explain the interaction between some of the drugs  that they are taking and some of the drugs that have been prescribed  for them. So it is critical that they have access to this information.   The Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services has already confirmed  that this approach works. To reduce opioid overuse and to avoid  dangerous drug interactions, expanding access to medication therapy  management for at-risk beneficiaries will ensure that these serious  drugs are used properly before it is too late.   This epidemic is devastating our Nation's communities and our  families. I hope that we continue to work together as a unified  Congress to fight this deadly crisis. I appreciate the chairman's time,  and I urge support of this bill.   