 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule for H.R. 5895  that provides essential protections for the current and future health  of Lake Erie.   It prevents the Army Corps of Engineers from dumping dredged sediment  from the Cuyahoga River in the lake without the approval of the State  of Ohio. This dredge sediment can contain harmful contaminants,  potentially increasing the risk of polluted fish and wildlife.   Lake Erie is one of Ohio's most precious and important natural  resources. It would be irresponsible to reverse the environmental gains  we have recently made with the lake, which is why this provision is so  important.   Additionally, this bill includes a provision to expand the ability of  law-abiding citizens to possess a firearm on Army Corps of Engineers  land, so long as they are legally permitted to carry a firearm and are  in full compliance with State law and as they are allowed to do on  other Federal parks and Federal lands. This provision merely brings the  Army Corps recreational property in line with the rules of land owned  by the National Park Service and the Fish and Wildlife Service.   Finally, this bill includes a full congressional repeal of the  harmful Obama-era WOTUS rule, waters of the United States, an executive  overreach that expanded Federal jurisdiction beyond ``navigable  waters.'' These provisions are important in ensuring the Federal  Government does not impose its will or expand its authority at the  expense of States or individuals.   I encourage my colleagues to support this, and I want to commend the  chairmen of these committees for the work they have done in the  rescissions package in this bill and the Energy and Water bill to move  this country forward.    I would also note, Mr. Speaker, historically, if you look back in the  past 20 or 30 years in past administrations, both Republican and  Democratic, rescissions used to be common practice to claw back money  that was never spent or could no longer be spent and bring it back to  the Treasury and let the Congress re-appropriate the money as they deem  fit.   I encourage my colleagues to support this rule.   