 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, let me start by just thanking  the chairman of this committee, and I thank his committee for working  with me on my proposed changes and for including an additional  amendment in the manager's package.   The amendment before us expands the number of projects eligible under  the non-Federal implementation pilot program, and, as you know, the  pilot program was established by WRDA in 2014. What it does is, it  allows projects that can demonstrate greater cost effectiveness,  greater efficiency to receive direct funding. Savings from this program  then go toward either deficit reduction and other Corps projects.   So the original pilot allowed for 15 projects. This expands the  program to allow for a total of 32 projects. These projects will need  to be authorized and meet the criteria under the program, and if more  projects qualify under this pilot, it has the potential to save  taxpayers more money.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of Mr.  Keating to offer amendment No. 5.    Mr. Chairman, this particular amendment  would expand the Army Corps of Engineers' authorization to permit  cooperation with regional coalitions who are seeking to create or  improve water infrastructure in their areas.   The amendment today would help achieve the goal by encouraging towns  and counties to create partnerships with the Army Corps so they can  pursue creative solutions to local infrastructure needs and they can do  this together.   The reason for it is because watersheds do not follow municipal or  even State boundaries, as we know, so it is regional approaches like  the project in Mr. Keating's district that provide effective and  efficient solutions.   So I thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I urge my colleagues to support  this commonsense amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my  time.   