 Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4606, the  Ensuring Small Scale LNG Certainty and Access Act.   Madam Chair, this bill is unnecessary, as the Department of Energy  has already finalized a rule that would approve any application to  import or export as much as 0.14 billion cubic feet of natural gas per  day if no environmental reviews are required.   Additionally, Madam Chair, I offered an amendment to this bill that  would have protected the property rights of landowners, but that  amendment was refused by the Rules Committee.   Madam Chair, my amendment would simply have ensured that eminent  domain would not be exploited for the construction of any pipeline used  to import or export any of the gas through this expedited process.   Madam Chair, Members from both sides of the aisle have been bombarded  with complaints from their constituents who have been forced to defend  their own property rights due to aggressive tactics employed by  companies seeking to appropriate their land in order to make a profit.   Congress should stand on the side of these constituents, as my  amendment would have ensured, instead of making it easier for private  companies to seize land from American citizens. This is especially true  in cases where applications are expedited, with little or no  opportunity for public input or public debate through the process, as  the underlying bill mandates.   Madam Chair, although my constituents are strongly opposed to this  bill, and although my amendment was not made in order, I would urge my  colleagues to support both of the amendments offered by my colleagues  on the Energy and Commerce Committee.   Ranking Member Pallone's amendment would require public hearings so  that the American people will have the opportunity to have their voices  heard in this process.  [[Page H7891]]    Additionally, Congresswoman DeGette's amendment would require LNG  export applications to demonstrate that the natural gas was produced in  a manner that minimizes dangerous methane emissions.   A June 2018 report by Science magazine found that 13 million metric  tons of methane are emitted yearly by the oil and gas industry, despite  the fact that there is already existing cost-effective technology  available to reduce these emissions.   So, Madam Chair, I strongly urge all of my colleagues to support both  the Pallone and the DeGette amendments. If those two amendments are  defeated, then I would urge all of my colleagues to oppose the  underlying bill, H.R. 4606.   