 Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5649.   As a member of the Army Reserve who served in Iraq, I know how  difficult the transition to civilian life can be after service for so  many of our servicemembers. I still remember the eerie feeling of the  quiet and serenity of home life after returning from the battlefield.   For those servicemembers who don't have a clear cut path upon their  return to civilian life, there is often a struggle for what I like to  refer to as post-necessary stress.   When you go from being completely necessary, part of a team, part of  something big, and you come home and you don't have that same feeling,  it takes its toll on you. It is hard for many servicemembers to  actually settle back into civilian life when they get back. This is  what this is about.    We can combat this problem by encouraging servicemembers to focus on  transition earlier. Even when they first join the armed services,  imagine if you were being recruited and you are talking to a recruiter  about what you plan to do when you enter the military, and if they also  said to you, and what do you plan to do afterwards? If we were plotting  a course for your life when in uniform and after.  [[Page H7139]]    So this gives us a chance to modernize our curriculum for those going  through the Transition Assistance Program to ensure that the  information they have is timely and specific to the servicemember.   I think this legislation is an important first step to better equip  servicemembers with the skills needed to successfully transition into  civilian life.   I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. I want to  thank the committee, all the members on the committee, and the staff,  for pushing this along and doing such a great job of that.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Gold Star Spouses  Leasing Relief Act, legislation that I am proud to have introduced  alongside my colleague Congresswoman Bustos, and I thank her for  bringing this situation to my attention so that we could bring this  forward.   Part of our Nation's commitment to our men and women in uniform is a  commitment to their families, especially if they endure the loss of  life in the line of duty. As Gold Star families grieve, they should  have the freedom to relocate to fit their family's needs. Sadly, that  is all too often not the case.   Cindy Southern, a native of Portsmouth, Ohio, lost her husband while  he was serving in the Navy overseas during the first Desert Storm war.  As she grieved, all she wanted to do was move home, but she had signed  a 1-year lease on a home in North Carolina. Her landlords refused to  waive her lease without massive termination fees.   Cindy has suffered enough. Others have as well. This legislation  would protect Gold Star families by ensuring they are not trapped in a  jointly held residential lease after the death of a servicemember. They  have grieved enough.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important  legislation.   