 Mr. President, I rise to talk about the accomplishments  the Senate was able to achieve yesterday with the passage of the  National Defense Authorization Act. In doing that, I want to highlight  a couple of items as a member of the Armed Services Committee that I  worked on that I am very proud of but that I think also demonstrate the  our ability to work in a bipartisan fashion because the three items I  will mention were heavily bipartisan. They also give some illustration  of the breadth of the defense authorization act--this act which we pass  every year that is hundreds of billions of dollars to support the  American military and contains so many different kinds of provisions to  try to help defend the Nation and protect those who serve it.   What I would love to do, after I say a word about our chair, Senator  McCain, is talk about military families, talk about shipbuilding, and  talk about smart power.   Let me first just give a shout-out to Senator McCain. He was sorely  missed as our chairman during the month of May when we were in crunch  time in the committee around this bill. It was bittersweet to see its  passage yesterday without having him in the Chamber to lead the  discussion and be here at passage. Yet I give great credit to Senator  Inhofe, who stepped into the chair's shoes for purposes of the markup  and the floor action; to Senator Reed, the ranking member on the  committee; and to Senator McCain's staff, who peppered us with advice  from the boss when calling in from Arizona during the whole process. We  missed him, but he was definitely there, and we were encouraged to do  our best work as we thought about him during the process.    With regard to military families, when I was elected to the Senate in  2013, we had a scandal in the country. I viewed it as a scandal. The  unemployment rate for veterans was dramatically higher than the  national average, especially for Iraq- and Afghan-era war veterans who  were enlisted. They would serve the country and be deployed, often  repeatedly. They would come back home and not be able to find jobs.   I worked together with colleagues on the Armed Services Committee and  with many great employers in the private and public sectors and am  proud to tell you that from 2013 to today, the veterans' unemployment  rate has gone down dramatically. It is now less than the national  average. When we focused on it, we tackled the problem, and we made  progress.   Yet, in recent years, as I have been traveling around Virginia, a new  problem has emerged, and that is the unemployment rate for military  spouses. It is even hard to know the number. Do you know why? It is  that when we do the monthly studies, the Department of Labor asks a  person: Are you a veteran? Yet it doesn't ask if one is a military  spouse. So, to get at the number, when you hear story after story after  story, you have to take some fairly broad surveys. Blue Star families  will take these surveys every year.   What we find is, the unemployment rate for military spouses is  anywhere from three to five times the national average. One can  immediately grasp why--moving to a new place in the middle of the year,  having to get adjusted, maybe having to find a place for school. If you  are moving and you have a job that has some kind of a license or  credential--it could be as a cosmetologist, as a real estate agent, as  an attorney, as a teacher--sometimes the credential doesn't  automatically transfer. Sometimes it will only transfer if you pay a  big fee, money which you may not have.   As I have traveled around Virginia--a military State--and as I have  talked to my own son, who is in the Marine Corps and who has a wife who  is a military spouse, and have heard about their challenges, I have  suddenly realized we need to do something about unemployment among  military spouses. It is fair for these spouses who sacrifice--and they  have so much to offer--but it is also the case that if you do not try  to help support military families, then members of the military will  leave. Our brass will always tell us it is the individual's decision to  join, but it is usually the family's decision to stay. Unless we can  support military spouses, people who might want to make careers out of  the military service leave prematurely. So we are destined to and  really need to do this.   This year, I introduced two bills--the Military Spouse Employment Act  and the Jobs and Childcare for Military Families Act--after hearing  from spouses in Virginia and elsewhere. I acknowledge Senators Perdue,  Murray, Boozman, Tester, Rounds, Gillibrand, Cardin, and Warren--a very  bipartisan group of Senators who worked with me on these two bills. I  am proud to say the overwhelming number of provisions of both of these  bills is part of the National Defense Authorization Act, which passed  last night. After we introduced the bills in the Senate, companion  bills were introduced in the House that made it into the House's  version as well. As we conference, we ought to be able to take a big  step forward for military spouses.   The bills do a number of things that are all responsive to the  concerns raised by military spouses.   They make it easier to get more childcare workers on or near bases so  people can find childcare if they work.   They make it easier for Federal agencies to hire military spouses.  Sometimes the best jobs are on or around military bases or are at other  Federal agencies. The preferential or expedited hiring preferences for  military spouses is part of this.   We allow military spouses to take advantage of something called the  career advancement account, which would enable a military spouse to  take a course. What if you are done with your coursework and what you  really need are the dollars to get a license or to transfer your  credential? The career advancement account should be able to be used  for that.   The bill allows military spouses to go to transition classes with  their servicemember spouses before they transition out. The transition  from Active to veteran status is a family thing, and spouses have every  need to participate in transition planning as the servicemembers do.   Finally, to help in that transition process, the bill will allow  military spouses to take advantage of counseling and career coaching  for up to a year after the servicemembers leave Active-Duty service.   Again, this is bipartisan--supported in both Houses by Members of  both parties--and it will be part of the NDAA. God willing, we will  conference, and it will go to the President's desk. My goal is that we  start to make the same progress in bringing down the unemployment rate  for military spouses as we were able to do with respect to veterans.   The second is shipbuilding. Virginia is a shipbuilding State. If  anybody ever tells me American manufacturing is dead, I say: Come with  me to the Huntington Ingalls shipyard in Newport News, VA, and I will  show you American workers manufacturing the most complicated items on  planet Earth--nuclear aircraft carriers and submarines.   The shipbuilding budget deal that is in the works now is strong. Last  year, in the NDAA, we made a commitment to go from a 270-ship Navy to  355 ships. This would be a multiple-decades-long commitment. We did  that last year. This year, together with the budget deal, we are making  that strong budgetary investment in growing our shipbuilding capacity.  We owe it to our shipbuilders, and we owe it to our military to stay on  this path and give them some certainty so we can have these important  assets with which to protect the Nation.   Two Fridays ago, I held a symposium at Hampton Roads--the future of a  355-ship Navy--that focused on workforce needs. Some of the  shipbuilders that will build these ships are in prekindergarten right  now. We need to have an education system that teaches them about the  opportunities that will position them for success in technical fields  and that encourages and incentivizes them to do it.   The shipbuilding and ship repair provisions of the NDAA are the best  in any of the years I have been on the Armed  [[Page S4025]]  Services Committee in the Senate, and that is good news for the defense  of the Nation and good news for shipbuilding communities, like Hampton  Roads or Bath, ME, or Portsmouth or the gulf or Puget Sound or Hawaii.  These shipbuilding and ship repair communities will benefit.   Finally, there is smart power. Sometimes the best power is not  military power. Sometimes the best power is diplomacy or the USAID, the  Agency for International Development. We have to use the right tool to  accomplish the right objective. In both of the last two NDAAs, I  offered amendments that allowed the Department of Defense to transfer  its resources--if there is a checkoff by the Secretary of Defense--to  other Federal agencies if they will do a better job with the task at  hand. Let me give you an example.   Our military has done a great job in the battle against ISIS, in  beating ISIS on the battlefield. Yet, once you have beaten ISIS on the  battlefield, how do you stop it from coming back? How do you hold onto  territory and not allow the reemergence of terrorist organizations? One  way is by developing local economies and strengthening local  institutions so the urge or the tendency for terrorist groups to move  into a power vacuum is dampened. Sometimes the military is good at  that, but the military would acknowledge that sometimes the best way to  build institutions and stabilize communities is to grow their  economies--that is what the U.S. Agency for International Development  does--or to build civilian institutions. The State Department does  that.   In this year's NDAA, as in last year's, in a pile of projects so we  can assess how it works, we have given the Department of Defense the  ability to provide support to these other agencies as they try to  stabilize regions once conflict has been reduced. This is going to be  of enormous importance for Iraq and Syria and Afghanistan. The nice  thing about this is there was bipartisan support, and it was requested  by the Department of Defense. You know your DOD leaders are on the ball  when they are saying: Give us more ability to allow the State  Department and USAID to do the things they are better at than we are.   Again, these are just three examples, and I could list 1,000  provisions that are in the National Defense Authorization Act that are  novel and creative and that are completely bipartisan. At a time when  so many things seem partisan, it is nice to know that when it comes to  the defense of the Nation, Democrats and Republicans can work together  after having been inspired by the hectoring phone calls from Senator  McCain and his staff to produce something that is really positive for  the country. I celebrate its passage in the Senate last night and look  forward to working with my colleagues when the matter comes back to us  following the conference with the House.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   