 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his  kindness in recognizing me, but also for bringing up this bill. I also  thank Mr. Kennedy for his support. This is Senator Sullivan's bill,  although I had a companion bill on the House side.   What has been said here prior to me is really what we are addressing.  Domestic violence is a terror on our society. No one is immune to it,  be they rich or poor, whatever race or ethnic group you may belong to.  It cuts across the aisle.   Unfortunately, far too many Alaskans have firsthand experience in  this reality. In 2015, a survey of Alaskan victims found that, out of  every 100 adult women, 40 experienced intimate partner violence, 33  experienced sexual violence, and one in three adult women in Alaska  have been a victim of stalking in their lifetime.   Not only must we do more to prevent this epidemic from growing, we  must also do more to help the survivors, and that is what the POWER Act  does. It allows the victims to have pro bono  [[Page H6285]]  legal representation from the legal profession to take and present  their cases.   I believe this bill is well and long overdue.   If I can refer to what Mr. Kennedy said, I have a little experience  myself. A dear friend of mine, who was a friend of my late wife, used  to get beat up by her husband because he was drinking all the time. My  wife asked: Why don't you just hit him?   She said: Well, I couldn't do that. Violence begets violence.   Well, my wife at that time was very young, and she said: Well, I  wouldn't put up with it.   About 2 weeks later, there was a knock on our door and my wife  answered. She opened the door and our friend said: I did it.   She said: What did you do?   The woman said: My husband beat me up. He passed out, and I hit him  with a frying pan when he was asleep.   I wouldn't suggest that solution, but she had no other recourse, no  way to be represented legally to go to the courts.   I am saying this should be passed. To have representation in the  courtroom is a good piece of legislation.   Again, I thank Mr. Goodlatte for bringing this bill to the floor, Mr.  Sullivan, and all those people involved with it. It is long overdue.   