 Mr. Speaker, I thank the vice-ranking member of the  full committee, Mr. Takano, for this time to speak in favor of this  bill.   As my colleague from Texas, and the chairman of the subcommittee  pointed out, by the best estimate of the VA, which many believe is a  conservative estimate, every single day in this country, 20 veterans  will have taken their lives.   The purpose and the function and the dignity that they found as a  member of the armed services, as a contributing member of their  military unit, where the decisions that they made, the actions that  they took, would literally save and determine the outcomes of the lives  of their fellow servicemembers, to return that level of function and  purpose to their lives when they come back to this country and  reintegrate within our communities, that is the purpose of this  legislation.   I want to thank my colleague, the chairman of the subcommittee, for  his diligent work on this, by convening stakeholders, veterans service  organizations, veteran student service organizations, members of the  VA, the Department of Labor, other colleagues from the committee to  make sure that we got this right and that we help those servicemembers  transition into a life that allows them to give to their full potential  once back in their home community, once back in their country.   I want to make sure that we do everything we can to ensure the  success of this legislation; that we follow the outcome assessments  that are provided for in the legislation; that we meet the intention  and the purpose that is described here, so that it is not a boxes  checked at the end of a servicemember's career, but something that is  pursued with thought, so that when that servicemember reintegrates,  they are ready to hit the ground running.   Lastly, I want to thank the chairman of the full committee. Some will  say that without Tennessee, there would be no Texas. Without Chairman  Roe, there would be no H.R. 5649. The fact that you elevated this and  that you spent so much of your time personally listening to these  veteran service organizations and your colleagues on the committee, I  think, helped to make it a much better bill than it would have been  otherwise, and for that I am grateful.   