 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Smith for  hosting this Special Order on the 45th anniversary of Roe v. Wade to  remember the devastating impact on children and women, and to celebrate  the sanctity of all human life.   Each and every life is precious, a unique gift with intrinsic value.  Furthermore, science is clear that, at just 16 weeks old, a baby's body  is fully formed and has fingerprints, and a baby can even make facial  expressions.   Mr. Speaker, I have been blessed with three incredible children, each  one of them unique with their own special personalities, talents, and  dreams. As a father, I am excited to see what impact they will have on  the world. Each of them will contribute to society and bring a unique  perspective to the world that only they can.   As we approach the anniversary of Roe v. Wade, I am reminded that in  the past 45 years there have been over 60 million fewer individuals in  the country today because of abortions. That is 60 million fewer people  living the American Dream, starting families, farming in Kansas, or  going to medical school to save lives. Their fate was determined before  they even had a chance to show the world their talents.   In my home State of Kansas, I am thankful for the countless  volunteers who assist with educational programs and outreach to ensure  that we are becoming a society that values life, even before a child is  born.   For many years, my wife and I have been involved with Kansans for  Life and have been blessed to work with so many tireless advocates for  life. Hundreds of these volunteers are coming here this week for the  March for Life.   With 63 percent of Americans now supporting abortion bans after 20  weeks--that is 5 months--I think we are seeing an incredible pro-life  generation. This gives me hope, Mr. Speaker, and I am ready to see what  kind of impact these unborn children will have on our world.   Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for his  comments.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr.  Rothfus), a pro-life leader who has been a leader in educating members  of our Conference about the dangers of assisted suicide. He serves on  the Financial Services Committee. He has been, of course, a great  leader in defending the unborn and their moms.   