 Mr. Speaker, in my community and in communities across  this Nation, we have seen in the past year a dramatic increase in hate  crimes and attacks against immigrants and, generally, against people of  color.   In New York City, we saw how a lawyer named Aaron Schlossberg  launched a racial verbal attack against workers at the Fresh Kitchen  restaurant in Midtown Manhattan simply because they spoke Spanish.   Think about that for a minute, Mr. Speaker. This was in New York  City, a city that prides itself on being a city of immigrants, a city  which touts the presence of Lady Liberty herself on the harbor. Still,  this lawyer felt compelled--without any hesitation, shame, or guilt--to  confront workers at the Fresh Kitchen restaurant, verbally assaulting  them simply because they spoke Spanish.   Yet we keep seeing more and more examples of aggressors and harassers  launching vicious attacks and directing hate speech toward those whom  they wrongfully perceive to be un-American.   In another recent incident, Rodolfo Rodriguez, a senior citizen, 91  years old, was brutally attacked for his ethnic background. He is of  Mexican descent. He was told to go back to his country before being  brutally assaulted with a brick.   In another recent incident at the Caldwell Woods Forest Preserve, Ms.  Mia Irizarry was another victim of verbal harassment, abuse, and  physical intimidation in an almost unthinkable 20-minute racial rant.  Her harasser caught sight of Ms. Irizarry's shirt, patterned with a  Puerto Rican flag such as this one, and proceeded to verbally assault  her simply for the sighting of a proud American wearing a flag that  represents 3.5 million American citizens on the island of Puerto Rico  and several million more here in the United States.   The perpetrator said: If you are an American citizen, you should not  be wearing that shirt in America.   Let me remind him that Puerto Ricans are U.S. citizens, that they  have a long and distinguished tradition of defending freedom and  democracy for our Nation across the world. They have spilled the blood  of thousands in support of America and democracy.   Each of these instances and situations come on the heels of a 2017  California report, the first published since President Trump took  office, indicating a 17 percent increase in hate crimes. Specifically,  anti-Latino, anti-Hispanic hate crimes have soared, with increases of  more than 50 percent last year.   Mr. Speaker, according to a Quinnipiac poll, 58 percent of Americans  disapprove of the way Donald Trump is handling immigration, and 55  percent of Americans say that the President has made it easier for  racists to share their views publicly.   Like Attorney Schlossberg in New York City, like Jones in Los Angeles  and Timothy Trybus in Illinois, we find aggressors and perpetrators who  do not represent our values as a nation of immigrants.   The problem we have is that these individuals have seen our leaders  in elected office participate in hateful and intolerant acts with  hateful and intolerant words. Whether in New York City, Los Angeles, or  Cook County, we have seen naked racism and blatant bigotry.   To these bigots I say this:   (English translation of the statement made in Spanish is as follows:)   The United States is for all of us--regardless of the color of our  skin or the language we speak.   Los Estados Unidos es para todos--independientemente del color de la  piel o el idioma hablado.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Hastings for yielding  me the time.   Mr. Speaker, I continue to urge my colleagues to find some humanity  deep in your hearts. I know America has a huge heart, but I continue to  ask my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to look deep inside of  your soul and your heart and find humanity and help us pass the Keep  Families Together Act to help reunite mothers like Yeni Gonzalez, who I  have been pushing to help reunite with her three children. Yeni brought  her three children seeking asylum as they escaped gang violence in  Guatemala.   President Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions have made it  harder for victims of violence to come to the United States by  stating--get this--that domestic violence should not be grounds for  asylum. And in the fiscal year 2019 budget, the President proposed a  $180 million cut to funding that would address the root causes of this  migration, including domestic violence.   The Northern Triangle countries of El Salvador, Guatemala, and  Honduras have among the 18 highest homicide rates in the world. We need  to be doing more to address these root causes, and we need to be doing  more to make sure families are kept together--freely, not in detention  centers and facilities. Some of these children are being kept in cages  that look like kennels.   This week, the President and this administration once again failed to  reunite all these children with their family. This administration is  using its agency to demonize immigrants--mothers and their children. We  need to save the soul of our Nation. I ask, I implore the other side of  the aisle to look deep inside of their soul as they go to church on  Sunday.   This time our Nation's history will forever be tainted, the  reputation of our Nation, as free and a beacon of hope for the entire  world.   I ask my colleagues to vote against the previous question so that we  can immediately bring the Keep Families Together Act to the floor and  stand with our Nation's children.   