 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am in its present form.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to this bill,  which will not kill the bill or send it back to the committee.   If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as  amended, and you are going to love it.   My amendment would prohibit Federal agencies that regulate financial  institutions from tailoring their regulation of the financial industry  at the request of and the personal gain of the President, the  President's family members, or senior executive branch officials;  something that ought to concern us in light of recent headlines.   This is a simple prohibition that in any other era would pass for  common sense. Unfortunately, we have become inured to the daily  outrages emanating from this White House, and we are learning how much  our democracy depends on the morality and ethical behavior of  individuals in the absence of institutional restraints.   When the President calls his friend to tip him off, if that is what  happened, to a major announcement about steel tariffs, and that friend  dumps affected stocks, there is no mechanism to prevent that from  happening.   It just shouldn't happen. Morality and ethics dictate as much.   When a senior White House employee repeatedly violates the Hatch Act,  allegedly, we depend on the President to punish and rein in that kind  of behavior. If he doesn't, nothing happens, and the message to the  rest of the Federal Government is that the politicalization of  government institutions is okay as long as it is the President who  approves your motives.   Now, of course, this institution, a coequal branch of government  under our Constitution, could create consequences, but, of course, we  won't.   Instead, we will continue to turn a blind eye to activities and  behavior that are dangerous to our democracy, Mr. Speaker. Behavior  that should concern any patriotic American.   In predicting inaction by this body, I am not engaging in idle  speculation. This Congress has a proven track record of shirking its  institutional responsibilities for basic oversight of the executive  branch, irrespective of who is in the White House.   Take the President's tax returns. That which was once a norm,  Presidents releasing their tax returns as a credential to be examined  for Presidency, was overturned by the simple refusal to do so by this  President.   We depended for so long on candidates and Presidents to self-govern,  to self-report, that we didn't anticipate the scenario in which a  President, so devoid of any sense of transparency and accountability,  would simply say: No, I won't do that. And not so much as a whimper  from the Congress.   A year ago, one might have said Congress would never pass the  President's tax plan without insisting on first seeing the President's  tax returns and how he might stand to benefit or not from the actions  we took.   Well, we did just that. And in the process, we exploded the deficit  by close to $2 trillion for good measure.   This should go without saying, but the corruption that is emanating  in this time, in this administration, is not normal. It is not how the  government should be run.   Neither President Trump, Jared Kushner, nor Ivanka Trump has divested  entirely from their personal businesses. And our appreciation for  divestiture as an anticorruption measure only grows in its absence.   The President's son-in-law and senior White House official, Jared  Kushner, has been freelancing meetings with foreign governments while  also seeking financing from those countries for his distressed property  at 666 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan. He is taking meetings with financial  institutions in his official capacity, apparently, and then turning  around and securing, apparently, hundreds of millions of dollars in  loans for his family business from those same institutions. This is not  normal. It is not how government should be run.   We should not be selling our foreign and domestic policies to the  highest bidder at a real estate auction. This Congress could hold  hearings, could issue subpoenas, could create real consequence for  these actions, but we see and hear no evil.   The Oversight and Government Reform Committee, on which I sit, is  missing in action. We have requested multiple subpoenas for information  from the White House on everything from General Flynn's activity while  serving as National Security Advisor to Jared Kushner's conflicts of  interest, or apparent conflicts of interest, and inability to obtain a  security clearance.   Not a single subpoena request has been granted by the majority. The  majority won't even give us a vote on those requests. It may seem  tedious  [[Page H1584]]  and repetitive, but we need to get back to the basics of government  oversight.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this simple, commonsense amendment to  return us to regular order and to return to our duty as Members of  Congress to provide vigorous oversight.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   