 Mr. President, I intend to address the Senate on the  topic of Bosnia and Herzegovina, but I want to observe that the  distinguished leader may be coming in just a moment for a unanimous  consent request. If he does, I will be happy to yield during the middle  of my remarks so he can take care of that item of business.    Mr. President, back to the subject of Bosnia, the carnage  and tragic conflict that occurred in the early 1990s was more than  about Bosnia. It was about security in a Europe just emerging from its  Cold War divisions and the international principles upon which that  security was based. For that reason, the United States, under President  Bill Clinton, rightly exercised leadership when Europe asked us to,  having failed to do so themselves. The Clinton administration brokered  the Dayton peace agreement in November 1995 and enabled NATO to engage  in peacemaking and peacekeeping to preserve Bosnia's unity and  territorial integrity. That was the Bosnian peace agreement.   Almost a quarter of a century later, after the expenditure of  significant diplomatic, military, and foreign assistance resources, the  physical scars of the conflict have been largely erased. As we learned  during our recent visit, the country remains far short of the  prosperous democracy we hoped it would become and that its people  deserve. Mostar, a spectacular city to visit, remains ethnically  divided with Bosniak and Croat students separated by ethnicity in  schools, even inside the same school buildings. Bosnian citizens, who  are of minority groups, such as Jews, Romanis, or of mixed heritage,  still cannot run for certain political offices.   This is 2018. They can't run for State-level Presidency, simply  because of their ethnicity. Neither can Bosniaks and Croats in  Republika Srpska or  [[Page S6125]]  Serbs in the Bosnian Federation run for the Presidency because of their  ethnicity, in Europe in 2018. Nor can those numerous citizens who, on  principle, refuse to declare their ethnicity because it should not  replace their real qualifications for holding office.   This goes on despite repeated rulings by the European Court of Human  Rights that this flaw in the Dayton-negotiated Constitution must be  corrected. In total, well over 300,000 people in a country of only 3.5  million fall into these categories despite what is likely their strong  commitment to the country and to its future as a multiethnic state.  This is simply wrong, and it needs to end.   In addition, youth employment in Bosnia is among the highest in the  world, and many who can leave the country are doing so, finding a  future in Europe and finding a future in the United States. This denies  Bosnia much of its needed talent and energy.   Civil society is kept on the sidelines. Decisions in Bosnia are being  made by political party leaders who are not accountable to the people.  They are the decision makers. The people should be decision makers.  Corruption is rampant. Ask anyone in Europe, and they will tell you,  Bosnia's wealth and potential is being stolen by corruption.   General elections will be held in October with a system favoring the  status quo and resistance to electoral reforms that would give Bosnians  more rather than fewer choices.   The compromises made two and a half decades ago in Dayton to restore  peace and give the leading ethnic groups--Bosniaks, Serbs, and Croats-- an immediate sense of security make governance dysfunctional today.  Two-and-a-half-decades-old agreements make governance inefficient today  in Bosnia. Collective privileges for these groups come at the expense  of the individual human rights of the citizens who are all but coerced  into making ethnic identity their paramount concern and a source of  division, when so many other common interests should unite them.  Ethnically based political parties benefit as they engage in extensive  patronage and corruption. Beneath the surface, ethnic reconciliation  has not taken hold, and resulting tensions can still destabilize the  country and even lead to violence. Malign outside forces, particularly  Vladimir Putin's Russia but also influences from Turkey and Gulf  States, seek to take advantage of the political impasse and malaise,  steering the country away from its European and Euro-Atlantic  aspirations.   As a result of these developments, Bosnia and Herzegovina is not  making much progress, even as its neighbors join NATO and join the EU  or make progress toward their desired integration.   In my view, we should rightly credit the Dayton agreement for  restoring peace to Bosnia. That was 25 years ago, but it is regrettable  the negotiators did not put an expiration date on ethnic accommodations  so Bosnia could become a modern democracy. As one of our interlocutors  told us, the international community, which has substantial powers in  Bosnia, has steadily withdrawn, turning over decision making to Bosnian  officials who were not yet committed to making the country work and  naively hoping the promise of future European integration would  encourage responsible behavior. That has not happened.   Of course, we can't turn back the clock and can't insert that  expiration date on the Dayton agreement, but having made a difference  in 1995, we can and should help make a difference again today. It is in  our national security interest that we do so.   I suggest the following. The United States and our European friends  should state, unequivocally, that Dayton is an absolute baseline, which  means only forward progress should be allowed. Separation or new  entities should be declared to be clearly out of the question.   Secondly, U.S. policymakers should also remind everyone that the  international community, including NATO, did not relinquish its powers  to Bosnia but simply has chosen to withdraw and exercise them less  robustly. We should seek an agreement to resurrect the will to use  these powers and to do so with resolve if growing tensions make renewed  violence a credible possibility.   Next, the United States and Europe should adopt a policy of imposing  sanctions on individual Bosnian officials who are clearly engaged in  corruption or who ignore the Dayton parameters, Bosnian law, and court  rulings in their work. Washington has already done this regarding  Republika Srpska President Milorad Dodik, and just recently, Nikola  Spiric, a member of Bosnia's House of Representatives. However, the  scope should be expanded, and European capitals need to join us in this  regard.   Senior U.S. officials, as well as Members of Congress, should make  Sarajevo a priority. I hope more of our Members will visit Bosnia and  increase our visibility, demonstrate our continued commitment, and  enhance our understanding.   Bosnia may not be ready to join NATO, but its Membership Action Plan  should be activated without further delay. As soon as this year's  elections are over in Bosnia, the international community should  encourage the quick formation of new parliaments and governments at all  levels, followed immediately by vigorous reform efforts that eliminate  the discrimination in the criteria for certain offices, ensure that law  enforcement more effectively serves and protects all residents, and end  the corruption in healthcare and so many other violent areas of daily  life.   Our policy must shift back to an impetus on universal principles of  individual human rights and citizen-based government. Indeed, the  privileges Dayton accorded to the three main ethnic groups are not  rights but privileges that should not be upheld at the expense of  genuine democracy and individual rights.   We, in my view, have been far too fatalistic about accepting in  Bosnia what we are not willing to accept anywhere else. We also  underestimate what Bosnians might find acceptable, and we should be  encouraging them to support leaders based on credentials, positions,  and personal integrity, not based on ethnicity. There should no longer  be a reason why a Bosniak, Serb, or Croat voter should be prohibited by  law from considering a candidate of another ethnicity or a multiethnic  political party. All candidates and parties would do well to seek votes  from those not belonging to a single ethnic group. This may take time  and perhaps some effort, but it should happen sooner rather than later.   Let me conclude by asserting that greater engagement is in the  interest of the United States--the economic interest and the national  security interest. Our country is credited with Bosnia's preservation  after the country was almost destroyed by aggression, ethnic cleansing,  and genocide. Thank God our country was there for Bosnia.    Our adversaries--notably, but not exclusively, Russia--would like  nothing more than to make an American effort fail in the end, and they  would ensure that its repercussions are felt elsewhere around the  globe.   Current trends in Bosnia make the country an easier entry point for  extremism in Europe, including Islamic extremism. If we wait for  discrimination and ethnic tensions to explode again, our engagement  will then become a moral imperative at significantly greater cost.   The people of Bosnia, like their neighbors throughout the Balkans,  know they are in Europe but consider the United States their most  trusted friend, their most honest friend. They want our presence and  engagement, and given the tragedies they have experienced, they have  earned our support and friendship.   I yield the floor.   