 Madam President, with Memorial Day coming up this weekend,  I want to offer a few thoughts on this package of legislative reforms  for the Department of Veterans Affairs, known as the VA MISSION Act of  2018, being considered by the U.S. Senate.   I want to start by commending Senator Jon Tester of Montana, the  senior Democrat on the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, for  negotiating based on what I call principled bipartisanship: taking  ideas from both parties without sacrificing core values.   Montanans have every reason to be proud of Senator Tester for  spending months at the negotiating table with Chairman Isakson, the  House of Representatives, and the White House.   Make no mistake, the bill before the Senate will make some important  reforms to the way the VA does business.   It will consolidate the VA's multiple community care programs,  including the Veterans Choice program, into one permanent framework to  allow veterans to seek care in their communities. Streamlining these  programs was something sought by the Obama administration as well and  will help make it easier for veterans to understand their options and  access the care they need.   It will also expand a VA program that provides benefits to in-home  caregivers, an effort I have supported for years. The program is  currently open to veterans wounded after the terrorist attacks of  September 11, 2001. The VA MISSION Act will open the program to  veterans from all eras.   It will provide more incentives and inducements to help attract  medical providers to the VA and keep them there. In particular, the  bill will provide more recruitment, retention, and relocation bonuses,  it will raise the cap on student loan reimbursement, and it will  establish a new loan repayment program for specialties where the VA is  experiencing a shortage.   As important as these provisions are, I want to express my  reservations about the VA MISSION Act as well.   I voted for the Choice Act in 2014 because I said it was unacceptable  for veterans in Oregon and across the country to be waiting months or  driving long hours for a VA appointment. I will be the first to say the  same thing today, but I fear this bill will give broad authority to VA  leadership to send more veterans out of the VA system.   Given the relentless push by special interest groups to send an ever  greater number of veterans into the private sector, I am concerned  about the Trump administration giving into those folks and turning the  VA over to ideologues or privatization partisans.   I am also disappointed to see the asset review provisions included in  this bill. If the VA has unnecessary infrastructure, it should be able  to make the case to Congress to close or consolidate those facilities  just like any other agency without being required to set up a whole new  bureaucracy.  [[Page S2827]]    Taken together, these provisions strike me as essentially asking  Senators to put more trust in VA leadership and Donald J. Trump, the  same Donald Trump who publicly attacked the parents of a Muslim soldier  killed in action and the same Donald Trump who nominated his wholly  unqualified personal physician to run the VA. Unfortunately, this  administration has already proven it can't be trusted to take care of  our veterans.   I had hoped Senators would be given an opportunity to debate this  bill and offer amendments that might have addressed the bill's  shortcomings. The Senate majority has prevented that from happening.   So the choice before me and every other Senator this week is to  oppose this bill and the good it will do or to support it with  significant reservations.   After hearing from many Oregonians and from the 38 veterans and  military service organizations and seven former VA Secretaries who  support this bill, I have chosen the second option and will support the  bill despite my concerns.   Mark my words: The ultimate success or failure of this bill will  depend on whether Donald Trump and his team at the VA choose to work  with Congress and put our veterans first or whether they sell out to  the privatization partisans.   I hope my fears about this bill prove to be unwarranted, but as the  saying goes, hope is not a strategy, After Donald Trump signs this bill  into law, I will redouble my efforts to work with Senator Tester and  others to support and sustain a robust VA worthy of the millions of  veterans it serves.   If the Trump administration implements any of these provisions in a  way that threatens to privatize or undermine the VA as a healthcare  system, I will pull out all the stops and fight it like hell.   