 Mr. President, each year the Department of Education  honors schools around the country that have a clear record of serving  students of all backgrounds and helping all students excel.   This year, 16 Ohio schools were among 349 National Blue Ribbon  Schools, honoring the hard work of students, teachers, parents, and  everyone in the community who works to make these schools a success-- from cafeteria workers to principals, to students, to parents, to  neighbors.   These schools represent the great diversity in our State--rural and  small-town schools, urban and suburban schools, all designated as  ``exemplary high performing schools.''   I would like to read the names of these 16 schools in Ohio: Bath  Elementary School, Bluffton Elementary School, Brecksville-Broadview  Heights Middle School, Central Elementary School, Hazel Harvey  Elementary School, Indian Riffle Elementary School, John Foster Dulles  Elementary School, Maplewood Elementary School, Mariemont Elementary  School, Mother Teresa Catholic Elementary School, Notre Dame-Cathedral  Latin School, Oakwood Elementary School, Saint Andrew-Saint Elizabeth  Ann Seton Catholic School, Stadium Drive Elementary School, and Twin  Oak Elementary School.   The other school, in addition to these 16, is particularly close to  my heart. It is called the Mansfield Spanish Immersion School. It sits  on Euclid Avenue. It is the new school in the building where I went to  elementary school, then called Brinkerhoff Elementary. It has since  become a Spanish immersion school. Brinkerhoff was built, I believe, in  the 1950s. I attended there and both of my brothers attended there from  kindergarten through the sixth grade.   The school reopened as a public magnet school a decade ago, with a  class of 11 kindergartners, under the leadership of our neighbor Jody  Nash.   Over the past 10 years, under Principal Nash, and now under the  current principal, Gabe Costa, the school has grown to more than 250  students across 9 grades.   Last year the school expanded to add seventh and eighth grade for the  first time and had a third section of kindergartners.   Core subjects are taught in Spanish, helping Richland County students  learn a second language from a young age. These students don't just  excel in Spanish. The school is consistently ranked a top school in the  State and has gotten high marks for serving students from diverse  backgrounds.   I would add that there are not a huge number of people in Mansfield,  OH, my hometown, whose parents are speaking Spanish at home. Most of  these students are learning Spanish for the first time in their  families.   Two years ago, the Brinkerhoff School, or the Mansfield Spanish  Immersion School, was 1 of 2 schools in Ohio and 100 across the Nation  to receive a National Title I Distinguished Schools Award for making  progress in closing the achievement gap between disadvantaged students  and their peers.   Awards like this mean so much to a community. They are a reminder  that academic excellence isn't limited to exclusive private schools or  wealthy communities on the coasts.   Too many people in this town of Washington want to refer to us as the  Rust Belt--that outdated, offensive term that demeans our workers and  devalues who we are. It devalues the incredible work schools like this  are doing in our State, preparing our students for the global economy  of the future. These schools are not rusty. They are thriving.   Congratulations to all 16 of this year's Ohio Blue Ribbon Schools-- all examples to our State and to our country and why we are so proud of  them.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   