 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express grave concern about  the acceleration of the separation of families at the U.S.-Mexico  border due to the Trump Administration's ``zero tolerance'' policy  toward border crossers. According to Reuters, more than 1,800 families  have been separated from their children in the periods between October  2016 and February 2018.   Since then, the number has dramatically increased. Recent testimony  from CBP officials shows that in the two weeks following Attorney  General Jeff Sessions' May 7th announcement of the policy, 638 adults  with 658 children were placed in the prosecution process, effectively  separating them from their children for an indefinite time period. In  McAllen, Texas alone, federal defenders counted 421 immigrant parents  coming through the court room in the period between May 21st and June  5th. This number is alarming and disgraceful.   While their parents are prosecuted, children are placed in Office of  Refugee Resettlement (ORR) contract facilities like Southwest Key in  Brownsville, Texas, an old Wal-Mart now being used to house children  detainees. Several reports indicate that children in CBP custody are  held in kennel-like cages and are being verbally, emotionally,  physically, and sexually mistreated. We do not know the exact number of  children being held, what they are doing with them inside, or how long  these children remain ``in custody'' before they are able to see their  parents. What we do know is that allowing children to be ripped from  their families is a terrible policy that the United Nations has already  explicitly condemned.   The Trump Administration, through their own volition, decided that it  is in the national interest of the United States to cause such pain and  suffering. Multiple studies have shown that separating children from  their families is a traumatizing experience with lifelong consequences.  To be clear Mr. Speaker, there is no law that requires families to be  torn apart. There is no law that requires that a child go through such  a traumatizing experience. What these children are going through is  reprehensible, unacceptable, and in blatant disregard to the values of  these United States.   Our country was founded on the notion that all peoples are worthy of  life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Immigrants come to this  [[Page H5150]]  country searching and hoping to fulfill the American Dream. Many  immigrants risk their lives fleeing their countries plagued with  violence. It is repugnant that the Trump Administration continues to  torment such vulnerable individuals, particularly toddlers, in such an  atrocious manner.   As the world's leading democracy, we should strive to protect human  rights, regardless of one's citizenship or place of origin. Our  nation's child welfare laws have long recognized family unity as an  essential human right. As such, I joined with Homeland Security  Committee Ranking Member Bennie Thompson to demand information Customs  and Border Protection and the Department of Health and Human Services  about the Administration's de facto policy of separating families at  the border. We need answers and every single day that passes, more  families face the risk of being separated from their loved one.   I urge my colleagues to join me in seeking answers from this  Administration. We cannot let these voices go unheard. These children  are suffering and are in desperate need of our support.   