 Mr. President, it is of the highest importance that we  reauthorize title VII of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act,  especially section 702. It is one of the best tools we have for  detecting and preventing terrorist attacks against our country, and it  has a long track record of success.   It is one reason that Najibullah Zazi today is not a household name,  but yet just another bin Laden wannabe sitting behind bars. He was  planning to blow up the New York subway system, but he never got the  chance because our intelligence community and law enforcement  professionals stopped him in his tracks by using information collected  under section 702. That is how vital this program is, and that is why I  will be voting yes on this legislation.   That being said, the bill we are voting on today is not my ideal  legislation. If I had my way, we would be voting on a permanent  reauthorization with no changes. That was the White House's position  when I worked together with the administration and introduced a section  702 extension bill earlier this past summer, and the administration has  said all along that they wanted a clean and permanent reauthorization.   The people who rely on this program and know better than anyone just  how valuable it is believed it was good as is. The way I see it, if the  threats against our country will not sunset in 6 years, why would we  sunset this vital program? But I understand we usually have to  compromise around here. I am glad to see a provision I offered to  increase the maximum penalty for the misuse of classified information  included in this bill. So while I worry this bill might make it harder  for our intelligence community and law enforcement professionals to  protect our country, I am going to vote yes.   As a result, you can imagine my surprise as I listened to the  program's critics. There is a lot of misinformation out there. I want  to take this opportunity to set a few things straight.   First off, there is nothing unconstitutional about this program.  Section 702 targets foreigners on foreign soil--not Americans--and it  is specifically designed to protect Americans against unreasonable  searches. You don't have to take my word for it, though. Every district  court that has looked at this question has found section 702 to be  constitutional.   That includes, by the way, the so-called ``about'' collection. If you  are trying to collect information about a foreign target, and an  American citizen mentions that target in an email, I would suggest that  we would want our intelligence community to know about that. Does that  mean that they incidentally picked up information about American  citizens? Yes. But let's be frank here. The only way to prevent this  kind of incidental collection is to prohibit any collection at all. If  our intelligence community couldn't track an email address or phone  number simply because they theoretically might pick up information  about an American citizen, they simply could not do their jobs.   It is difficult, if not impossible, to tell if many email addresses  belong to a foreigner just by looking at it. For example, is  [email protected] an American email address or not? Who knows? Did the  National Security Agency discontinue its ``about'' collection at one  point recently? Yes, but to me that is evidence that this program  works. Contrary to what its critics believe, the NSA voluntarily ceased  collecting information in the name of protecting privacy. The NSA  respected the minimization standard imposed by the Foreign Intelligence  Surveillance Court. The safeguards worked just like they were supposed  to. This bill says that the NSA can continue so-called ``about''  collection only once it gets approval from the FISA Court and from  Congress.   Yes, section 702 has a whole host of safeguards built in to protect  Americans' privacy, and this bill adds more still. If the FBI wants to  review information collected under 702 on a U.S. person for a criminal  investigation that is not related to national security or foreign  intelligence, it has to get a court order based on probable cause, even  though the Constitution does not require it. Or if the FBI wants to  query 702 information, it can do so only under FISA Court-approved  guidelines. Finally, just to make sure the FBI is following the law,  this bill requires the DOJ inspector general to check up on the FBI's  compliance and report back to Congress.   Finally, the critics say the Attorney General can just sneak past all  these safeguards by designating an investigation as a domestic crime  related to national security or a transnational crime. That ignores the  layers upon layers of oversight we have in place to prevent just that  kind of abuse. Not only the DOJ inspector general but the FISA court  and Congress will continue watching the FBI's use of this program,  keeping guard against such misuse.   So I find the critics' arguments to be wholly without foundation.  Section 702 is constitutional and strikes a pretty good balance between  security and privacy. There is no good reason to let this program  expire and no good reason to hold this reauthorization up any longer.  Let's remember, after all, that last year there were two terrorist  attacks against New York City within 6  [[Page S236]]  weeks, not to mention a Christmas Eve plot against Pier 39 in San  Francisco that was disrupted. Also, Admiral Rogers, the Director of the  National Security Agency, has testified that the intelligence community  would not have been able to put together its intelligence assessment  about Russia's interference in our 2016 Presidential campaign without  this vital program.   We face a lot of threats. Terrorism, spying, and nuclear  proliferation are just a few. They are not going away any time soon,  and neither is the Russian threat of meddling in our politics, either.  It is past time we gave this tool back to our intelligence community so  they can continue the hard work of keeping our country safe.   I yield the floor.   