 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Brady for yielding  time, and for his tireless leadership on improving our country's Tax  Code.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 88, the  Retirement, Savings, and Other Tax Relief Act of 2018.   Since the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act last year at this  time, our economy has boomed. And under the direction of Chairman  Brady, the Ways and Means Committee hasn't stopped working on advancing  and improving our Nation's tax laws.   In doing so, our committee has worked to make positive reforms to the  IRS, and I am proud that this legislation includes language from my  bill, the Improving Assistance for Taxpayers Act, which will bolster  protections for taxpayers by requiring the IRS to respond promptly to  Taxpayer Assistance Directives issued by the Taxpayer Advocate Service.   Specifically, the IRS would be required to respond to Taxpayer  Advocate Directives within 90 days.   Implementing these changes will improve accountability and,  therefore, more efficiently address systematic issues within the IRS.  Not only does H.R. 88 take important steps to make our tax system more  accountable, but it also includes important provisions that will  provide certainty to our agriculture community in central and west  central Illinois.   Representing the country's eighth largest congressional district in  terms of corn and soybean production, I have seen firsthand the  positive impact of the Biodiesel Tax Credit on our agriculture  community.   Biodiesel producers have been hurt in the past by lapses in this  credit, which has hindered their ability to plan for the future. H.R.  88 provides a long-term extension and a path forward for the Biodiesel  Tax Credit, which will provide positive assurances for our producers in  the Midwest.   As Americans continue to reap the benefits of pro-growth tax reform,  it is important we continue to fine-tune our Tax Code to work better  for the citizens of this country. H.R. 88 takes important steps toward  doing just that, and I have been proud to work alongside Chairman Brady  and the other members of the Ways and Means Committee to ensure we put  taxpayers first, and that is what this bill does.   I urge my colleagues to stand with me and support this legislation.   