 Mr. President, I have been thinking about this, I have  been dreading this, and now I am going to do this.   To all of my colleagues who have come before me, you have done right  by our friend Senator McCain. The family appreciates all the good  words, the kindnesses, and the antidotes that have come their way. This  is a tough time for the family.   John has seven wonderful children.   Cindy, as a devoted wife, you really did well by John.   I am going to try to make this somewhat fun even though I don't feel  in a funny mood right now.   Let's start off with the tie. To anybody who may be watching on  television, this is a Naval Academy tie.   I wore this today, John, to honor you and to annoy you all at the  same time.   He would constantly tell me: Lindsey, I wish you were in my Naval  Academy class.   I would say: Well, that is very nice, John.   Do you know why, Lindsey?   No, John.   If you would have been in my class, I would have been sixth from the  bottom, not fifth.   Thank you very much, John.   Humiliation and affection were constant companions. The more he  humiliated you, the more he liked you, and in that regard, I was well- served.   To my colleagues, thank you again so much for what you have done. The  only way I know to put this in words that maybe John can relate to is  that after a military operation is over, after a mission is complete,  the pilot comes back and debriefs. If there is a military operation,  you do an after-action report. I thought to myself, what would it say?  What would the after-action report for John McCain say? The purpose of  these reports is for lessons learned so that we will benefit and make  sure that we remember--remember the things that went well and the  things that did not so that we will be better off as a unit and as a  nation.   The title of the operation was pretty easy--you can say a lot of  things about me but ``clever'' is not one of them--``Operation  Maverick.'' It began in the fall of 1954 at the Naval Academy--the year  before I was born--and it ended August 25, 2018. And what can we learn?  The source of the report is me, his political wingman, code named  ``Little Jerk''--you all have your names, and you earned them like I  did--who was lucky enough to walk in his shadow and to witness history  up close, to be in the presence of a giant at a time everything around  us was so small.   What did I learn? I learned that a few dumb jokes told over and over  again actually become funny and can take you a long way in politics,  Marco. I am going to give them to you because John liked you.   He said: Lindsey, how hot is it in Arizona?   John, I don't know.   It is so hot that the trees chase the dogs.   Well, isn't that funny, John.   He said: What is unique about Arizona?   I said: I don't know, John. I would imagine a lot of things.   Barry Goldwater ran for President and lost. Mo Udall ran for  President and lost. I ran for President and lost. Lindsey, it is the  only place in the Nation where mothers tell their children: You can  never grow up to be President.   I say to the Senator from Oregon, remember that. Maybe you can break  the string.   He said: Lindsey, aren't you a lawyer?   Yes, I am, John.   Do you know the difference between a lawyer and a catfish?   No, I don't.   One is a bottom-dwelling, scum-sucking creature, and the other is a  fish.   No wonder we did so poorly with lawyers, John.   He said: Do you know why I didn't join the Marines, Lindsey?   No.   My parents were married.   I am going to miss these dumb jokes.   What else did I learn? I learned how to fight a lot, everything and  everybody. I learned how to forgive. And from him, I saw how to heal.   On the fighting side, I learned that the captured warrior who was  tortured became the statesman who forgave and healed a relationship  between his former adversary and our Nation.   I went to the Hanoi Hilton with John. That is one of the highlights  of my life. It is now a museum, and we are the bad guys because they  get to write how the museum reads. I remember being in front of his  cell, and you could see the wheels turning and the memories coming  back. As we walked forward, surrounded by a bunch of handlers--and John  McCain was like Elvis in Vietnam. It was the most amazing thing in the  world how people adored him in Vietnam. I saw a bunch of photos on the  wall of the prisoners playing volleyball and sitting in the Sun with  sunglasses on.   I said: John, it must not have been that bad after all.   With a wide smile, he said: I don't remember it this way--which  allowed us to get out of Vietnam.   I remember him embracing a war that nobody wanted to talk about  because he understood what it would cost to lose it. I remember him  supporting the surge when everybody was willing to get out of Iraq  because they were so tired of it and saw no way forward. I remember the  fighter. I remember the 2008 campaign when, in 2007, John McCain was  fifth in a four-person race; written off as politically dead; no money.  The ``Straight Talk Express'' had no wheels.   After a visit to Iraq in July, where General Petraeus allowed him to  talk to 600 people who were going to reenlist in a war that they did  not have to continue to fight, and about an equal number were becoming  citizens because they were fighting for their country and had expedited  citizenship--there were two empty chairs in the front with boots, and  John asked: What is that all about? Two didn't make it to the ceremony,  but they were given their citizenship that day. I remember  [[Page S5972]]  about 2,000 soldiers wanting a photo, and every one of them got it. I  remember it being so hot that I couldn't breathe, but we stayed anyway.   I remember coming back and him getting the nomination, only to lose.  I remember that night very well. He had wanted to be President, he was  prepared to be President, but it was not his to have. I remember above  all else the speech he made that night. John taught us how to lose.   When you go throughout the world, people remember his concession  speech as much as anything else. There are so many countries where you  can't afford to lose because they would kill you. John said that night:  President Obama is now my President. So he healed the Nation at a time  he was hurt.   I learned that serving a cause greater than yourself hurts. Anybody  in the military can tell you the risk you take. He couldn't put his  jacket on and he couldn't comb his hair because he got hurt serving a  cause greater than himself.   I remember how easy it is to say and how hard it is to do, how hard  it is to tell your base ``I think you are wrong'' and how hard it is to  solve problems that nobody else wants to talk about.   I learned that failure and success are different sides of the same  coin. John told me: I have become better from my failures because it  teaches me, and I have been tempted by my success, and without my  failures, I would have never been successful.   So to those who are striving as a young person, remember John McCain.  He failed a lot, but he never quit. And the reason we are talking about  him today and the reason I am crying is because he was successful in  spite of his failures.   For family and friends, the after-action report would say: A  relationship with ``Maverick'' brought joy and difficulty. Both were  your constant companions. He was a difficult man. He could be tough.  But the joy you received from being with him will sustain you for a  lifetime. And I am so lucky to have been in his presence.   He taught me that principle and compromise are not mutually exclusive  and are the foundation of a great person, as well as a great nation. He  taught me that immigration--as hard as it is to solve, somebody has to  do it. He said to me, along with Ted Kennedy: You are going to learn,  Lindsey, that the other side has to get something too. I have learned  that lesson.   To my friends on the other side, as long as I am here, I am going to  remember that you have to get something too.   He taught me that when good ignores evil, it may be convenient, but  it seldom works.   He talked about what would happen in Iraq if we left. He was right.  He talked about what would happen in Syria if we didn't get involved.  He was right. Why? Because warriors are the best, I believe, at making  peace, and the warrior understands the difference between a false peace  and real peace.   To those who accused him of wanting endless wars, you had no idea  what you were talking about. He wanted sustainable peace and understood  the consequences of not seeing it through. The soldiers adore him.   To those who have traveled with John, you seldom had two meals in the  same country. You met more people than you could remember. But you were  struck by one thing: We are going to really bad places a lot. And those  in the military adore this man.   He taught me that boldness and practicality must be practiced in  equal measure.   I say to the Senator from Rhode Island, he believes in climate  change, and so do I. But there is a practical streak about John that I  think made him very successful. He told me time and again: You have to  let people catch up with you. You have to have a rhythm and a pace.  There are 100 people in this body from different walks of life. You may  think you are right, and if you are, it will be proven over time, but  give your colleagues the time and the understanding to catch up with  you.   He taught me that honor and imperfection are always in competition. I  do not cry for a perfect man; I cry for a man who had honor and who was  always willing to admit his imperfection.   If you are thinking about getting in politics, the one thing I would  ask you to look at when it comes to the life of John McCain is that it  is OK to tell people: I screwed up. I got this wrong. I want to make it  right.   In my view, honor is doing the right thing at your own expense, and  he did that time and again.   He taught me that life without passion and love is a sad life. He had  a happy life. He had 10 lives. He was involved in five aviation  accidents. If we sent John a bill for all the planes he crashed, he  could never pay it off. He lived life to its fullest. He was often  disappointed, but he was never deterred from getting back up and going  at it again.   ``Love''--not a word often associated with Senator McCain, but it  should be because if you were loved by him, you knew it. You were loved  with all of your faults. And I was lucky to have been loved by him.   So how would I characterize ``Operation Maverick''? Wildly  successful. It made the world a better place. It gave the Nation  something to talk about at a time when we can't agree on anything. It  is not universal acceptance of a life of John McCain, but it is pretty  damn close. It is the only time that MSNBC, CNN, and FOX are saying the  same thing.   The only way that happened is because those of us who had the  pleasure of being in his presence and those who covered him in the  media business want to tell the story.   I have been approached since his death by cab drivers, waiters, and  cops, and they all said: Sorry for your loss.   My name is Graham, not McCain, but I feel like a McCain. I don't know  if I have earned that honor, but I feel like one.   The average man and woman in this country got John McCain. What will  it mean for the future? It means there will be generations of  politicians coming along who will be influenced by him. The McCain  Institute is alive and well, and its goal is to attract young leaders  throughout the developing world, expose them to democracy, and teach  them the art of compromise and the rule of law. What a legacy that is.   John will inspire courage. He will reinforce the idea that nothing is  inevitable as long as a few people are willing to fight for what they  believe is right.   It is going to be a lonely journey for me for a while. I am going to  need your help. The void to be filled by John's passing is more than I  can do. Don't look to me to replace this man. Look to me to remember  what he was all about and try to follow in his footsteps. If you want  to help me, join the march. If you want to help the country, be more  like John McCain. I believe there is a little of John McCain in all of  us, and the little of John McCain practiced by a lot of people can make  this a really great nation.   So, my friend, you did good. You lived in the shadow of a four-star  father and a four-star grandfather. You always worried if you  disappointed. You did not.   To Cindy and the children, thank you for making me a part of the  clan. To Team McCain, you taught me what loyalty is all about. To my  colleagues, thank you for your kindness.   I yield the floor.   