 Thank you, Mr. President.   Thanks to Senator Schumer and my colleagues, who will join us in the  course of the evening, for coming to the floor tonight to shine a light  on the more than 1 million workers and retirees all over this country  who are on the verge of facing massive cuts to the pensions they have  earned. This crisis affects thousands of Ohioans--perhaps more than  60,000 is our count. It affects the massive Central States Teamsters  Pension Plan, the United Mine Workers Pension Plan, the Ironworkers  Local 17 Pension Plan, the Ohio Southwest Carpenters Pension Plan, the  Bakers and Confectioners Pension Plan, and others. It has an impact on  workers, retirees, and businesses in every single State in the United  States.   It is bad enough that Wall Street squandered workers' money; it is  worse that the government--that this body, that the House--hasn't yet  stepped up. The government is supposed to look out for these folks and  is so far turning a blind eye to the promise made to these workers.   The Senate found the time to pass a massive tax giveaway for  corporations that shipped jobs overseas. We know that the tax bill made  it even more likely for manufacturing companies to shut down in  Mansfield or Limerick or Chillicothe or Portsmouth or Springfield, OH,  and move overseas. They shut down production here and move overseas,  set up production there, and sell their products back into the United  States. The Senate's bill does that, but it did nothing for hard- working Americans who worked their whole lives to earn their  retirement. It is disgraceful, and time is running short to make these  pensions whole.   I urge my colleagues in this body--colleagues with healthcare and  retirement plans paid for by taxpayers--to remember that. My  colleagues--all of us have our healthcare and pensions paid by  taxpayers. I urge my colleagues of this body to think about these  retired workers and the stress they are facing. It is an expensive time  of year for people with fixed incomes. Their heating bills go up. They  try to scrape together what they can for the holidays for grandkids.  They have loved ones who are sick, and some of them are sick  themselves.   Remember, this is about more than just these retirees and their  families; hundreds of thousands of workers give up money from each and  every paycheck to fund a pension they expect to be there when they  retire. Think about that. Those who haven't really looked at what  happens in union negotiations, where workers sit at the bargaining  table, and they give up income today to put money aside for the future  for their pensions--that is what they did. They gave up income 10 years  ago, 20 years ago, 30 years ago, even 40 years ago, put it aside--often  matched by employers. That money then comes back to them in the form of  a pension when they retire.   If we don't protect those pensions, how do any workers know their  retirement is safe? How do you plan for your kids? How do you plan for  your family's future? How do you do that when this kind of uncertainty  hangs over your head? These Americans have done everything right. They  have worked their whole lives to earn these pensions. They have put in  long hours to support their families. They did it so they would be able  to spend their retirement years enjoying time with their grandchildren,  not worrying every day about how to make ends meet. The reason they  thought it wasn't just blind hope was because of the legally binding  contracts they negotiated in good faith.   When I first started in public service, when the legislature wasn't  in session, I used to spend hours at the United Steelworkers Local 169  in Mansfield, OH, listening to workers talk about their dreams. We  talked about a lot of things. I would talk about their kids, whom I had  gone to high school with at Mansfield Junior High or Johnny Appleseed  Junior High or Brinkerhoff Grade School. But one thing I heard over and  over is how workers, as I said earlier, gave up pay today at the  bargaining table for the promise of a pension to be there when they  retired. It is pretty simple. They sat at the negotiating table. They  earned their pensions. They gave up pay raises to do it. But now their  government has allowed Wall Street to blow it, and tough luck for them.  Not on our watch, Mr. President.   Before the holidays, I stood in this building with many of my  colleagues and with Rita Lewis, the widow of Butch Lewis, who had  worked 40 years as an Ohio teamster. Butch died of a heart attack on  New Year's Eve a couple of years ago. If he were here today, Butch  would tell you that he didn't work those 40 years to get just 40  percent of his pension. Sadly, Butch passed away far too soon after  fighting for the retirement he and these workers earned. It is my honor  to name our Senate bill the ``Butch Lewis Act'' after him.   This isn't a partisan issue. It affects communities we all represent.  It affects Teamsters in Michigan and in Ohio. It affects workers in  Montana, the Presiding Officer's State. It affects mine workers in the  majority leader's State. It affects teamsters, truckdrivers, in the  Democratic leader's State.   My colleagues on both sides of the aisle have voiced support and the  desire to work together in good faith to keep this promise. Now we just  need to sit down together, put politics aside, and get it done. A  number of Republican Senators have been in negotiations with Democratic  Senators that we have led to make sure this can get done. But  fundamentally it is about whose side you are on. It is about who we  work for. Many of my colleagues made it pretty clear in December with  their tax vote that they work for Wall Street and the corporations that  send job overseas, but I say we work for these truckdrivers,  ironworkers, carpenters, confectionary workers, and teamsters. They are  not asking for a handout; they are asking for what they earned over a  lifetime of work. It is time for us to do the job the taxpayers sent us  here to do and save those pensions before it is too late.   I am joined on the Senate floor today by the senior Senator from  Michigan and the senior Senator from Indiana, Senator Stabenow and  Senator Donnelly, who have been very active on this issue. I know  Senator Casey is going to join us, and others who have been very  active, standing up for these retirees, understanding that the teamster  retirees and mine workers and ironworkers and others gave up money  today, gave up raises at the bargaining table, to put money aside for  retirement. We owe that to them. It is time the Senate does its job.   I yield the floor to Senator Stabenow.   