 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to offer an amendment to the  legislation we are working on that would make sure security clearances  are revoked on a going-forward basis only for valid national security  reasons--not to change the subject on a bad news day,  [[Page S5753]]  not to threaten career government employees, and especially not to  carry out political retribution.   Virginia is home to tens of thousands of dedicated men and women who  serve in our intelligence and defense communities. Over the years, as  Senator and vice chairman of the Intelligence Committee, I have met  literally thousands of FBI agents, CIA officers, military  servicemembers, contractors, and other public servants who hold  security clearances. These men and women work day in and day out, often  thanklessly, to keep America safe.   Do you know what? I have no idea, amongst those Americans who have  those security clearances, which of them are Democrats and which of  them are Republicans, and that is the way our system is supposed to  work.   The Federal Government grants security clearances only to those  individuals who can be trusted with our Nation's secrets. Applicants go  through intense, lengthy background checks, interviews, and even, in  many cases, lie detector tests, not to mention extensive rechecks for  suitability every few years. Only then, after this process, do we allow  them to serve in some of the toughest intelligence and national  security jobs. We ask a great deal of these dedicated professionals,  but what we don't ask about are their political views.    Since the mid-1990s, the Code of Federal Regulations has governed the  13 criteria under which personnel are deemed eligible or ineligible for  security clearances and access to classified information. Amongst those  13 reasons to actually get a security clearance or to lose a security  clearance is included: allegiance to the United States, being subjected  to foreign influence, financial considerations, and others. When you  look through that list of 13--and I have it over here--none of those  criteria includes political speech, nor should they. Our national  security is too important to infect with political partisanship.   I believe that more than ever, in light of the President's actions  last week when this President revoked the clearance of former CIA  Director Brennan and, equally important, if not more important, when he  threatened to revoke the clearances of numerous former and even current  national security professionals. These individuals collectively have  hundreds of years of honorable service to our country under their  belts. No one can seriously question their fitness or loyalty to this  country.   Unfortunately, what we know--which is what happened last week and  which, unfortunately, happens too many times out of this White House-- is that this is all about politics. According to media reports, White  House officials have discussed how to issue the revocations on a going- forward basis to other enumerated individuals to distract from bad news  stories. I hope these reports of the White House's plans are mistaken.   True or not, we need only listen to the President's words to know  these efforts are politically motivated. I will admit I had missed the  widely publicized press event at which the White House announced the  President's ``enemies' list.'' Yet anyone who looks at this list will  notice some common factors in that they all served in the previous  administration, and in the time since, several have exercised their  First Amendment right to criticize this President for his policies.  Many of those on the list have also had some involvement in the  investigation into Russia's assault on our democracy in 2016. For  that--in many cases, for doing their jobs--they are now being punished  or will be potentially punished by this President and this White House.   In the President's own words, ``These people led it . . . so I think  it's something that had to be done.''   This is truly a dangerous precedent. For the first time since  President Eisenhower created the security clearance process as we know  it, the President of the United States is abusing one of his most  important national security tools in order to punish his political  opponents. As one of my friends on the other side of the aisle  mentioned, it is something that would be more akin to something coming  out of a banana republic.   Perhaps even more troubling is the message this President is sending  to those who are currently serving in government service. It is pretty  clear he is sending a message that says to think twice before working  on anything this President doesn't like, to think twice before you  express a political opinion, even if it is in private. The White House  broadcast this message loud and clear when it threatened to revoke the  clearance of a midlevel employee at the Department of Justice.   This is a clear attempt of intimidating others in the bureaucracy. If  this President is successful in revoking this first wave of clearances,  there is no question these actions will threaten the ongoing Russia  investigation--an investigation that, again today, claimed two more  guilty convictions, an investigation that has already resulted, prior  to today, in 5 guilty pleas and 35 indictments. As I mentioned, today  included the conviction of the President's campaign manager.   Unfortunately, the President's actions don't just harm the  individuals involved; these tactics threaten our national security  institutions themselves. The Pentagon, the intelligence community, the  FBI, the Department of Justice, and the rest of our national security  structures depend on seasoned career professionals who do not act out  of partisan motivations. Threatening their clearances--threatening  their livelihoods and their families--is a clear attempt at undermining  an ongoing, legitimate criminal investigation into what Russia did in  2016. If successful, the President's actions threaten to politicize our  national security institutions even more so than they have already  done.   The President has significant authority as head of the executive  branch, but there is widespread agreement that he should not be able to  use these powers to get payback against Americans who criticize him.  All of us in this body agree that no President should be able to order  the IRS to audit political enemies, and we all agree no President  should be able to order wiretaps against those who displease him. We  should also all agree that a President should not have the power to  remove clearances for reasons that have nothing to do with national  security and certainly not because an individual expresses his or her  right to free speech.   I ask my colleagues to support the Warner amendment. I ask the  majority leader to make sure this amendment gets a fair vote, up or  down, on the floor of the Senate because I believe the Senate must take  a stand against any attempts to punish political speech or to threaten  our national security professionals by arbitrarily taking away their  security clearances.   We currently have in place real and prudent guidelines for issuing  and revoking clearances, guidelines that are based on national security  and not on political considerations. We cannot allow those to be  supplemented by crass partisanship or attempts by this President to  punish his enemies. We have come way too far from the dark days of  Watergate to allow this type of attack against career professionals who  have faithfully served our Nation with honor and dignity. We should  demand better from this President. We can take that action by passing  this amendment.   I yield the floor.   