 Mr. Speaker, as co-chair of the bipartisan Career and  Technical Education Caucus, I am proud to rise in strong support of the  Senate amendment to H.R. 2353, the Strengthening Career and Technical  Education for the 21st Century Act.   This important bill is long overdue. The Carl D. Perkins CTE Act  hasn't been reauthorized in more than a decade, and updating it is a  vital step toward supporting students and businesses across the  country.   In particular, I would like to thank my CTE Caucus co-chair,  Representative Glenn ``GT'' Thompson, for his leadership on this bill  and partnership in Congress on this issue over the last many years.   I also want to recognize my House and Senate colleagues on both sides  of the aisle, including Chairwoman Foxx, Ranking Member Scott, and  Congressman Krishnamoorthi, who have demonstrated great bipartisanship  in crafting this legislation.   I also thank the many partners from across the country from education  and the business community for their work on this important bill, and  also the many staffers who worked so hard on this, particularly Kerry  McKittrick from my staff, and former staffers Sam Morgante and Kirtley  Fisher over the years as well.   For the past 10 years, I have heard the same concern from employers  in Rhode Island, that they are unable to find skilled workers to fill  open jobs in manufacturing, IT, and other skilled trades, and it is  hurting their businesses. I know that other Members have heard this  from their businesses across the country as well.   Mr. Speaker, we need to ensure our workforce is equipped with the  tools that they need to meet these demands in order to close the skills  gap, especially skills for our young people entering the workforce.   By aligning CTE programs with industry needs, we will ensure students  are learning the academic, technical, and employability skills to  succeed in growing economic sectors.   I am proud that the Strengthening CTE for the 21st Century Act does  just this, while making other important reforms that I have long  championed, including expanding access to apprenticeships to give  students valuable, hands-on learning experiences and supporting career  counselors to guide students down appropriate academic and career  paths.    With these components, I am proud to support the Senate amendment to  H.R. 2353, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this  important bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be  withdrawn as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069.   