 Mr. President, we have finally ended this government  shutdown that was produced and directed by the Democrats in the Senate.   The reason Democrats decided to take this extreme step and shut down  the government was because of the narrow issue of illegal immigration.  They shut down services for citizens of the United States to provide  services for people who are not citizens of the United States, and the  Democrats have admitted it was all about this issue of illegal  immigration.   There may have been another reason, as well, that Democrats wanted to  shut down the government, and that was so they could change the subject  being debated by people, talked about by friends, noticed by Americans,  and making the headlines. That subject, of course, is the competence  and optimism in the American economy--by workers, by people who are  paying taxes, by people who realize how the Republican tax relief  legislation is going to help improve their lives personally.   I think the success of the Republican tax relief bill scares a lot of  Democrats. It scares them because every one of them voted against it.  They didn't think it was a good idea to let people keep more of their  hard-earned money. The Democrats thought it was a better idea for  possibly the government to keep that money and use it and spend it in  ways many people--certainly in Wyoming--feel is not a good use of that  money. Families know how to get more value out of their dollars than  the government ever will. Democrats voted  [[Page S510]]  against it--the tax cuts that would actually create jobs all across the  country, and we have seen that job creation occurring. They voted  against the tax relief that is going to allow money to be brought back  to America so investments are made in America.   It was so interesting to listen to Nancy Pelosi--the former Speaker  of the House and now the minority leader in the House--refer to what we  were doing in the Senate and in the House as Armageddon. She said it  was the end of the world. That is what she said.   The American people, hard-working people, don't believe that at all.  They believe it is good for them personally. It turns out that people  who work at more than 200 companies in this country have already gotten  a raise or some kind of a cash benefit or additional contribution to  their retirement because of the tax law. That is why all those  companies said they did it. Over 2 million people have obtained this  benefit of the tax relief law, and more are going to benefit in the  years ahead. Millions of Americans are going to start seeing more take- home pay in their paychecks next month. That is because of this tax  relief law the Democrats--every one of them--opposed. We are seeing it  not just with American families; we are seeing it with investments  coming in from abroad.   This law has totally changed how we tax the money companies earn that  sell things to people overseas. This chart goes through it. It used to  be that when U.S. companies made money somewhere else; they paid taxes  there. If they wanted to bring it back home, they had to pay taxes  again, a double taxation. Very few countries do that, but the United  States was one of them--double taxation. Businesses then had to make a  decision, had to make a choice. It could bring money back home, pay  taxes a second time, or keep the money overseas, invest it there, and  not have to pay that second tax. A lot of companies, looking at the tax  laws the United States had on the books previously, decided it was too  much of a penalty to bring that money back home and invest it in the  American economy. There was something like $2.8 trillion in American  business that American businesses had been holding in other countries.   We actually had a tax code that worked to the advantage of foreign  countries, not to the advantage of the United States. It was locking  money out, keeping it overseas, keeping it from helping American  workers at home. That is a very backward way to look at how the Tax  Code should work. We changed the law when Republicans voted to change  the tax law, give taxpayers relief. Now the money gets taxed once, not  twice. It changed the system in America the way most countries around  the world do it. That means businesses no longer have this warped  incentive to keep their money out of the United States. It makes it  much easier for that money to come back from overseas to the United  States. It is good for America. It is what an America first economy  looks like. It gets rid of this crazy Tax Code that we had, giving  other countries an advantage--not anymore.   The second thing this tax relief law has done is actually cut taxes.  When American businesses had to pay this second tax, the rates were  very high--one of the highest in the world. It was adding insult to  injury. Other countries have actually been cutting taxes for years--not  the United States, not on our own companies in the United States. Here  at home, we had one of the highest and most punitive taxes in the  world. There wasn't a major country in the world where businesses paid  as high a tax as we did in the United States. Washington was taxing  companies about 35 percent if they tried to bring home some of the  profits from overseas. Because of the tax law we passed and President  Trump has signed, this rate has now dropped to 21 percent--from 35  percent to 21 percent.   Now our tax rates are actually below the average of other countries  around the world. That puts American businesses at a significantly  stronger position to compete around the world. It puts us at a  competitive advantage. We got rid of the double taxation system-- Republicans did--when we passed this law, and we cut tax rates  significantly as well.   When you put these two things together--cutting the rates, making it  easier to bring money back to the United States, eliminating this  double taxation--it is a big help to American workers, to the men and  women who work in America, as well as the businesses that employ those  people. Businesses are much more likely now to invest in America, put  their money back home, in American workers, in the American economy. We  are seeing it already.    The tech company Apple recently announced it is increasing  investments in U.S. operations. They said their total contribution to  the American economy over the next 5 years will be $350 billion. They  are planning to bring home as much as $250 billion in money that right  now is parked overseas. They are talking about employing 20,000 more  workers, hiring 20,000 more people. They have been letting that money  sit overseas because of this system that locked the money out. Now,  with the new tax law, it is going to be much easier to bring this money  home and invest it in America.   It is not just Apple. We are seeing it with Fiat Chrysler, with  Boeing, with AT&T, and with others. They are increasing investment in  the United States and in the workers at home, and it is all because of  the tax law the Republicans voted for, and every one of the Democrats  voted against. It is no surprise that Democrats may have wanted to shut  down the government to knock off the front page of the paper the  headlines of the success of the tax law and instead see reports about  the Democrats shutting down the government.   It is interesting. There has been so much economic activity after  this changed that other countries are beginning to become nervous.  Other countries used to know they had the upper hand over the United  States when it came to investments in the economy, and they figured the  United States would never get its act together enough to change the tax  laws to make us the competitive, thriving economy we know we can be.  These countries knew the U.S. tax law was working in their favor--not  anymore.   Countries like China, the United Kingdom, and Japan are considering  changing their own taxes in response to what we have done. We are  leading the way. They are trying to play catchup with their economy. In  Australia, as a matter of fact, they expect the loss of significant  amounts of economic activity and growth to the United States because of  the new tax law. Other countries are running scared because President  Trump and Republicans in Congress are doing exactly what we promised  the American people we would do. We are keeping our promises. We are  putting American workers first. Tax relief is working. It is helping  hard-working American families. It is creating economic growth. It is  giving America the competitive edge we deserve because of the work we  do, and we haven't had it in a long period of time.   Democrats said it would never happen, during the debate, on the tax  law. First, they did everything they could to make sure we wouldn't get  it passed--slowed it down, voted against it, talked against it. They  were wrong, and now they know they were wrong. They have seen the money  come back. They have seen the growth in the economy. They have seen the  number of jobs created. They have seen the growth in wages. They are  seeing people keeping more of their hard-earned dollars. They see  people happier. They see a level of confidence and optimism that wasn't  there in a previous administration.   The Democrats seem to be trying to change the subject by putting up a  smokescreen--shutting down the government to avoid and try to deflect  from the success the Republicans have allowed the American people to  recognize in themselves because the tax laws have changed, and the  American people will benefit from it for years to come.   It is time for the Democrats to give up the games, come to the table,  join Republicans, and do what we know we need to do, which is put the  American workers first. It is time for the Democrats to join the  Republicans and work on behalf of all the American people who have sent  all of us here in the first place, and we are seeing it now with the  tax law and the tax relief and the tax cuts that are benefiting people  all across this country.  [[Page S511]]    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   