 Mr. President, I come to this lectern to speak on a  subject of perennial importance. It is a subject I know a little  something about--one that will not only influence the Senate agenda in  the near term but will determine the direction of our democracy for  decades to come. I speak, of course, on the future of the Supreme  Court.   Yesterday, Justice Anthony Kennedy--a great friend of mine and a  wonderful Justice on the Court--announced his intention to step down,  effective July 31. Justice Kennedy has served this Nation with the  highest distinction. Over the course of his tenure, he has exercised  outsized influence on the Supreme Court and has played a pivotal role  in some of the most consequential Court decisions of modern times--from  McDonald v. City of Chicago to Citizens United v. FEC.   As a testament to his independence, he rightly gained a reputation as  the Supreme Court's swing vote. Sometimes he sided with the Court's  liberal wing. At other times, he sided with the conservatives. Yet he  always sided with what he believed to be the correct interpretation of  the law. What more could we ask from a judge?   Throughout his public service, Justice Kennedy has mentored a  generation of jurists who went on to become luminaries in their own  right. Not the least among them is Justice Neil Gorsuch, a former  Kennedy clerk who now serves as his equal on the Supreme Court. With  his onetime pupil now working alongside him--and with dozens of former  clerks now serving on the Federal bench--Justice Kennedy leaves behind  a legal legacy that is almost without equal. Although he will be  stepping down next month, his influence on our judicial system will be  felt for generations to come.   With Justice Kennedy's impending retirement, the responsibility now  falls on us to confirm an able replacement. In the coming weeks, the  President will announce his nominee to fill Justice Kennedy's seat. In  doing so, he will seek the advice and consent of the Senate, which is a  process that entails confirmation hearings and extended hours of debate  in order to fully vet the qualifications of the President's nominee.   The questions we should ask during this confirmation hearing should  focus solely on the judge's qualifications: Does he or she have the  requisite experience to adjudicate wisely from the bench? Does he or  she understand the proper role of a judge under the Constitution? Does  he or she respect our Constitution? Is he or she committed to upholding  its principles no matter the consequence?   This process should be simple, straightforward, and, most  importantly, nonpolitical, but it rarely is. That is because we already  know the Democrats will do everything they can to politicize a process  that should not be politicized. We already know that many of them will  ask questions of the nominee and will have an ulterior motive in mind-- to divine his or her partisan leanings rather than to evaluate the  quality of his or her jurisprudence.   How do we know the Democrats will do this? It is because we have seen  them do it time and again. It started with the character assassination  of Robert Bork, and it culminated in the unholy inquisition of Clarence  Thomas. Tensions seemed to subside for a time, but then came the  unprecedented filibuster of Samuel Alito and, most recently, the public  flagellation of Neil Gorsuch.   In every case, the nominee in question possessed indisputable  credentials and an airtight judicial record, but in every case, my  colleagues sought to drag these men into the partisan gutter--asking  questions designed to parse their political positions rather than their  legal philosophies.   In my 42 years of Senate service, I have witnessed the gradual  deterioration of the judicial confirmation process. As the former  chairman of the Judiciary Committee and now as its longest serving  Republican member, I have taken an active role in the confirmation of  every Justice who is currently sitting on the Supreme Court and in the  confirmations of a number who have retired. Moreover, I have  participated in the confirmations of half of all article III judges who  have ever served.   Throughout this process, I have met some of the brightest legal minds  this world has had to offer, and I have watched in disgust as my  friends on the Democratic side have sought to undo these men and women  for political gain. Judicial obstruction is a serious issue in its own  right, but it is merely a symptom of a much larger problem--the  politicization of our courts. In today's America, Republicans and  Democrats espouse two vastly different visions for the judicial branch.   On the right, we believe in the judiciary as it is outlined in the  Constitution--an integral but necessarily limited branch of government  that interprets laws but doesn't make them. We  [[Page S4697]]  believe in a judiciary that is filled with sober-minded judges who are  committed to upholding the Constitution as written, not to molding it  to fit their political preferences.   On the left, you have a starkly different vision. The left believes  the judiciary should assume an activist role and step in to fill the  gaps of legislation when Congress fails. In doing so, the judiciary  becomes its own quasi legislative body--a Congress 2.0 of sorts--that  is filled with hundreds of judges who are unelected and therefore  unaccountable to the American people.   This conception of judicial power is inherently anti-democratic. It  undermines the principle of representative government and cedes  lawmaking power to a cadre of black-robed philosopher kings--a  cloistered group of men and women who have no constitutional authority  to make legislation but seek to do so anyway through its opinions.   Given the left's radical vision of judicial power, it is no wonder  the confirmation wars have escalated over the years, and it is no  wonder the Democrats have made a circus of confirmation hearings. They  seek to politicize the process because ultimately they seek political  judges.   As usual, what the left wants is not what America needs. America  doesn't need political judges. It doesn't need an army of super  legislators who tell us what to do. It certainly doesn't need a second  Congress that makes laws on a whim. Isn't the one we have dysfunctional  enough?   No. What is best for America is wholly different from what the left  envisions. America needs a judiciary that is insulated from the  corrupting influence of politics. Accordingly, we need principled  judges who put the law before any partisan concern.   As opposed to political judges, we need impartial judges--judges who  understand their limited role under the Constitution, judges who are  content to say what the law is, not what they want it to be, judges who  act as umpires, calling balls and strikes instead of swinging at every  pitch that comes their way. In short, we need judges who will interpret  the Constitution, not remake it in their own image.   In taking Justice Gorsuch as an example, I have every confidence that  the President's nominee to the Supreme Court will be qualified,  competent, and impartial in every way. If the Democrats' treatment of  Justice Gorsuch is any indication of things to come, then I have every  reason to believe they will again do everything in their power to  politicize this important confirmation process.   They will do everything they can to malign the nominee, no matter his  or her background or credentials, and will depict his or her as an  extremist who is outside the mainstream. They will press, prod, and pry  in an attempt to unearth a political agenda where none is to be found.  They will bring all resources to bear in an effort to prevent a  principled, constitutionalist judge from taking Justice Kennedy's seat.  They will pull out all the stops to accelerate the politicization of  the Supreme Court, but we will not let them.   It is up to us to preserve the integrity of the judicial branch. We  can begin by confirming a Supreme Court nominee who is committed to  upholding the principles of the Constitution at all costs--a nominee  who understands that the lawmaking power lies with Congress, not with  the courts.   I look forward to working with my colleagues in this endeavor in the  weeks to come. Yet I have to say I have seen a lot of abuse in the area  of picking judges and in confirming judges throughout the years. Both  sides have been complicit in some ways, but I have never seen more of a  politicization of the courts than that which has come from the other  side. I hope they will not do that this time.   I don't know who the President is going to pick. I have a pretty good  idea of the list of people from which he is going to pick. I know he  will chat with me about it, as he will with others, but I can guarantee  you this: He is going to pick somebody who has the ability to go on  that Court and do the job from the beginning. It is not going to be  pleasing, perhaps, to some of my Democratic colleagues, and it may not  be pleasing to some of my Republican colleagues. The fact is, I think  we can rely on this President to pick an excellent person to fulfill  this responsibility.   I yield the floor.   