 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the  time and bringing this bill forward.   Mr. Speaker, as the title says, this bill authorizes the National  Park Service to study the feasibility of maintaining the George W. Bush  Childhood Home. It has already undergone a reconnaissance study, which  says that the Service does believe that it meets these criteria, but  this will be the final piece in that process.   Mr. Speaker, last week, our Nation honored, mourned, and celebrated  the life of George H.W. Bush, as we should. As a part of that, I think  it is really timely that, this week, we have an opportunity to further  that memorialization of the Bush family by pushing the National Park  Service further in its responsibilities to maintain this home.   We are reminded, as of last week, of the importance of preserving the  visual imprints of our past for the benefit of our future. The Bush  family is the epitome of the American Dream. They not only worked hard  and achieved success, but built on their accomplishments and devoted  their entire lives to public service. Personal success means nothing,  Mr. Speaker, without the initiative to give back.   The George W. Bush Childhood Home serves to educate its visitors and  celebrate the strong work ethic and earned west Texas grit of the Bush  legacy, of the home that tells the story of two Presidents, two  Governors, and a remarkable First Lady.   It was in this home that George H.W. Bush and Barbara jump-started  their lives to west Texas, his career in the oil and gas business, and  raised George W. Bush through the formative years of his childhood.   This home was the backdrop for the quiet beginnings of a young family  that found themselves moving West, like so many families before them,  seeking their own opportunities and a path through life.   Mr. Speaker, there are currently no National Park Service units  relating to the George W. Bush childhood, career, or Presidency located  within the Permian Basin or lower Panhandle region of Texas. I can  think of no better first addition to the system than a structure that  celebrates the Bush family, the pride of west Texas.   Although the site is currently open to the public, oversight by the  National Park Service will ensure that it is maintained and gives many  more Americans access to the site to be inspired by one of America's  and Midland's premier families.   