 Madam President, I wish to follow up on what the  Democratic leader was making reference to with regard to net  neutrality. Today is the day when net neutrality rules are gone, even  though there is a way in which we, the Congress, can put them right  back on the books. That is what happened in the Senate 3 weeks ago,  when we voted 52 to 47 to put the net neutrality protections back on  the books to ensure that they would be there for every American. As  Senator Schumer was just pointing out, the ball is in the court of the  House of Representatives--the Republican-controlled House of  Representatives. We passed net neutrality in the Senate on a bipartisan  basis.   Senator Murkowski, Senator Collins, and Senator Kennedy of Louisiana  voted for net neutrality. We know, as Senator Schumer just said, that  if the vote was taken right now on net neutrality in the House of  Representatives, it would win. We would be able to put those  protections back on the books. Millions of people rose up throughout  the last 6 months of last year, with 22 million of them contacting the  FCC. Ajit Pai, the Chairman of the FCC, ignored those 22 million  people, and by a 3-to-2 vote on the Federal Communications Commission,  they took net neutrality off of the books. In other words, they  officially stripped consumers of the protections that have allowed our  economy and our democracy to flourish. Now Americans will have to  blindly trust their cable companies, their broadband companies, and  their internet providers to protect them against discrimination. It is  Big Cable's dream come true. They have already won at the FCC, but now  the counterrevolution is underway. In the Senate, it has already  happened.   What we need to do now is to have the same level of energy with those  millions of Americans who are targeting the House of Representatives  and telling them that they want net neutrality, that they want  nondiscrimination principles, that they want equal protection for the  smallest voices, the smallest companies to be the law of the land--net  neutrality. We need entrepreneurs; we need job creators, we need small  businesses, which are the lifeblood of the American economy, to be  protected against the natural tendency of the biggest corporations to  pump up profits at the expense of the little guy. Yet you don't have to  take my word for it.   In looking back over recent history, before net neutrality  protections were codified, in 2007, an Associated Press investigation  found that Comcast was blocking or severely slowing down BitTorrent--a  website that allowed consumers to share video, music, and video game  files. From 2007 to 2009, AT&T forced Apple to block Skype and other  competing services from using AT&T's wireless network in order to  encourage users to purchase more voice minutes. In 2011, Verizon  blocked Google Wallet to protect a competing service that it had a  financial stake in developing and promoting.   We all know it is just a matter of time before these big companies  will  [[Page S3398]]  start to exercise their unfettered right to begin discriminating.  Historically, these powerful corporations protect themselves, and they  neglect consumer issues; they prioritize profits; they disregard  service; they pocket their profits, and everyday Americans lose.   There will be no eulogy for net neutrality here on the floor of the  Senate today. The FCC will not have the last word when it comes to net  neutrality, but the American people will. We are going to have a  tsunami of Americans who will contact their Members of the House of  Representatives to demand that it have a vote on net neutrality in the  same way we had that vote here on the Senate floor. We know that when  that vote takes place that the American people are going to win, that  net neutrality is going to win, that the principles of  nondiscrimination are going to win.   Too many people today think that this whole idea of discrimination is  back in vogue--that you can start talking about it in a way that has  not been a part of our culture for a generation. Yet it is back. In a  lot of ways, net neutrality is part of that whole discussion of whether  or not the American people get protected against discrimination.   We have an enhanced urgency because the FCC's rules are now final,  and net neutrality is no longer the law of the land. That is what  happened today. The Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission,  Ajit Pai, is taking his victory lap today. He is so proud of what has  happened--that net neutrality has been taken off the books--despite 22  million Americans saying they wanted it to stay on the books.   Here is what we know. Consumers don't trust their cable and internet  companies to do the right thing unless strict rules are in place to  protect everyone in our country. We know that when you take a  democratized platform with endless opportunity for communication and  you add American ingenuity, you get economic growth; you get  innovation; you get democracy online. That is what this fight is all  about, and this fight is far from over. We are going to intensify our  efforts to ensure that there is going to be a vote on the floor of the  House of Representatives.   Conventional wisdom thought that it was all over last December, that  once the FCC voted 3 to 2, it was over. The FCC didn't in any way  anticipate the 52-to-47 vote here on the Senate floor to reinstitute  net neutrality just 3 weeks ago, and it is dramatically underestimating  the response of Americans all across our country who are descending  electronically on the House of Representatives--on the part of Congress  that has yet to vote on these issues. We are going to see millions of  teachers, students, entrepreneurs, small business owners, and activists  mobilize to protect the internet. They have demonstrated on the  streets. They have written letters. They have made calls. They have  signed petitions. They have posted on social media. That is what we are  going to continue to see.   Already, 170 Members of the House of Representatives have signed the  discharge petition, which is a technical term for saying: Call for a  vote on the floor of the House of Representatives to vote on net  neutrality. The momentum is building. They need 218. They have 170  right now. They are 48 Members of the House of Representatives short of  winning over there. The pressure is going to intensify every single  day, especially since net neutrality has now been, as of this moment,  taken off the books.   By the way, this fight is being waged at the State level as well. In  California, just 2 weeks ago, the State senate voted 25 to 12 to  reinstitute net neutrality, and in New York, in Massachusetts, in  Oregon, and in Washington--in State after State--they are rising. They  are saying: If the Federal Government will not protect us, then we will  protect ourselves.   We know that influential lobbyists aren't going to go away, but the  American people aren't going to go away either. This is their  government. This is the place at which they expect their will to be  respected. When net neutrality is taken off the books--an issue that  polls at 86 percent of all Americans--the will of the American people  is not being respected. There is nothing more powerful than the  collective voices of millions of Americans who are working together  with a common mission, and that is to restore net neutrality to the  books. The campaign to restore the internet, to save the internet,  enters a new phase today. The urgency has never been higher, but the  intensity level across this country has never been higher. Today is not  the day for a eulogy for net neutrality. The fight has just begun.   We thank every Senator who has already voted for net neutrality, and  we thank every American who has worked toward that goal. Now let us  redouble our efforts, because we have to turn this into a campaign  issue in 2018 that matches all of the other issues that are driving the  agenda of our country.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   