 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Hensarling, and I am so  grateful for his work on this package of bills that are so important.   I rise today to speak in support of H.R. 3978, the TRID Improvement  Act, and all the additional measures that have been included in the  Rules Committee print. I am a cosponsor of four of the five bills. The  TRID Improvement Act sponsored by Representatives Hill and Kihuen make  important improvements to the TILA-RESPA integrated disclosure forms so  home purchasers have the accurate representation of title insurance  costs.   I am also a strong supporter of the National Securities Exchange  Regulatory Parity Act, which I cosponsored with Chairman Royce. This is  a commonsense technical fix to a 20-year-old statute that didn't  foresee an increase in the number of exchanges in today's competitive  market structure.   Currently, exchanges not named in the law must have substantially  similar listing standards as those that are specifically named. This  means the Chicago Stock Exchange, the CBOE, and others that have  registered with the SEC since 1996 cannot be first movers in adopting  innovative listing standards.   The Chicago Stock Exchange has told me: ``This change would remove  this current impediment to companies listing their securities on CHX  and would help in the exchange's efforts to develop a robust primary  listing market here in Illinois.''   I am also very supportive of Chairman Duffy's legislation, the  Protection of Source Code Act, and I am an original cosponsor of that,  because I  [[Page H1162]]  recognize that the entire value of some companies are embodied in their  source code. We need to have strong checks in place before our  government can demand such information.   Chris Giancarlo, now chairman of the CFTC, described the value of a  subpoena when criticizing the idea of a source code repository at the  agency he serves. I quote him when he said: ``The subpoena process  provides property owners with due process of law before the government  can seize their property. It protects owners of property, not the  government that already has abundant power.''   Finally, I want to mention my support for the Fostering Innovation  Act, sponsored by Kyrsten Sinema and Trey Hollingsworth; and the SAFE  Mortgage Licensing Act, sponsored by Steve Stivers and Joyce Beatty. I  am a cosponsor of those measures as well.   I urge all of my colleagues to vote in support of this very  bipartisan package of bills.   