 Mr. President, I rise in support of my amendment, No.  3134.   By providing haying and grazing flexibility, this amendment would  offer commonsense and effective land management options for land  enrolled in the Conservation Reserve Program, or what we refer to as  CRP.   There are CRP contracts today that are typically 10 to 15 years in  duration. As it stands, some CRP contracts only allow for vegetative  cover to be removed once or twice during the life of the contract--a  practice that is referred to as ``mid contract management.'' Even in  areas that have experienced a drought or feed shortage, CRP mid  contract management rules have required vegetative cover on CRP land to  be destroyed--a practice I have never understood and one about which I  get a lot of feedback from farmers across South Dakota who don't  understand it either.   The amendment before us today would allow haying and grazing under  terms agreed to between the USDA and State technical committees, with  safeguards in place that would protect the CRP cover when long-term  droughts occur. Specifically, the amendment would allow haying and  grazing on one-third of a producer's CRP contract acres on a rotating  basis, which would be coupled with a reduction in the CRP rental  payment.   CRP is important for so many reasons. After more than 30 years, it  remains the cornerstone of the conservation programs the USDA  administers.   In my opinion, we need more than the 24 million acres the current CRP  acreage cap allows. In order to raise this cap in the current budget  environment, in both the House and the Senate farm bills, the CRP cap  is raised, and annual CRP rental rates are lowered to 80 and 88.5  percent of normal rental rates, respectively.   In other words, to get an additional cap, you have to reduce the  rental rate in order to offset the cost of raising the cap. The House  found a way to do that.  [[Page S4489]]  It raised it to 29 million acres in its version of the bill, but it  lowered rental rates to 80 percent of normal. In the Senate version of  the bill, it only goes up 1 million acres, from 24 million acres to 25  million acres, but the rental rate is at 88.5 percent.   My assumption is that in the conference with the House, when we get  there, this will be an issue that will be negotiated. Yet, as I said  before, it makes sense, in my view, to raise that cap because the cap  today is not sufficient for what the demand is out there and for the  importance of the program in terms of its impact on production and  agriculture in our farming and ranching communities.   The haying and grazing flexibility provisions in this amendment will  help to offset these lower rental rates and make CRP a viable choice  for a producer's less productive land in today's very tough agriculture  economy.   This amendment is a win for farmers and ranchers, and it is a win for  conservation.   I thank Senator Klobuchar, my neighbor from Minnesota, for  cosponsoring this amendment. I think she will be here, at some point,  to talk about this as well.   I thank Chairman Roberts and Ranking Member Stabenow for following  through on the commitment that they made at the Ag Committee markup,  when we were debating this, to work with me on this amendment to  improve the CRP program.   I also thank the stakeholder organizations and majority and minority  committee staff, who worked with my staff over the past 2 weeks to  reach agreement on the amendment before us today.   In my view, this strengthens the farm bill, and it strengthens the  CRP program in a way that many producers, farmers, and ranchers across  my State have sought for a long time. It allows that added flexibility  so that they can, on a 3-year basis, rotate and allow a certain amount  of those CRP acres to be harvested and to do away with this crazy mid  contract management practice requirement that, as I mentioned earlier,  has very little support out there in the farm community.   It also does away with another issue that comes up frequently in  States like mine when we have a drought. We had one in 2012, and we had  one last year, in 2017. We had to plead with the USDA to allow  emergency haying and grazing. This also would eliminate the need for  that and, on a periodic basis, when we would face those conditions in  States like South Dakota and in other States across the country.   I see that the distinguished committee chairman of the Ag Committee  is here. As I said, I appreciate his leadership on this and on so many  issues in this farm bill. I hope we get a good, strong, big vote in the  end.    Absolutely. I am happy to yield to the chairman of the Ag  Committee, Senator Roberts.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.   I appreciate that endorsement. Again, I thank you for your hard work  and that of your staff in helping to structure this in a way that we  could get the broad support you mentioned from the commodity groups and  the wildlife groups. I think this is a win-win for conservation and  certainly a win-win for the CRP program and for the farmers and  ranchers in South Dakota who--and not just in South Dakota but all  across the country who make use of this important and vital resource.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   