 Mr. President, we were sitting in the cloakroom between  the last two votes that just happened in the Senate, and everybody's  phone started buzzing at the same time. That is because everyone  receives these alerts from the National Weather Service. The alert  said: Flash flood warning until 9:15 p.m. this evening.   I thought it was ironic because I was headed to the floor to speak  about flooding--and in particular flood insurance--which is a threat to  so many different States across the country. It was an ironic moment  that reminds us what that means to us here but also what it means to  people in the real world who are impacted by this.   Earlier today, the House passed an extension of the National Flood  Insurance Program, and it extends it for 4 months and will expire  November 30 of this year. I am here today to tell you how critical it  is that the Senate act on this as soon as possible because this program  will expire next Tuesday, July 31--6 days from today--if we do not take  action.   Let me preface everything I am about to say by telling you that this  program is badly broken. It is not financially stable. It is not  financially sustainable. It is a program that needs to be reformed. I  don't like the way it is designed one bit. I have been working for  years to try to reform it and to try to open up space for the private  sector to come in and compete with the program and provide more options  for people who need it.   I want everybody to understand that in many parts of Florida--I am  sure it is true in other parts of the country--you can't buy a house in  some places if you don't have flood insurance. They will not write it  because of the threat of damage to the property and the loss of value.  That is widespread throughout the State of Florida. There are many  places where that is a fact.   While I don't like the way the program is designed, and I desperately  want us to reform it to be consistent with market principles and  sustainable in the long term, the answer is not to let it expire. The  answer is not to let it expire because if we do, we are going to have  an economic catastrophe. If we allow flood insurance to expire, there  are real estate closings that will stop.   I will add one more point to it; that is, we would be allowing this  to expire in the middle of the hurricane season. We went through a  hurricane season last year that impacted Florida, Texas, and Puerto  Rico. The damage that it did, economic and otherwise, was extensive. We  don't know what this season holds, but we are right smack in the middle  of it. I can't think of anything worse than allowing it not just to  expire but to expire in the middle of the hurricane season. I would  have hoped the extension would have been for 6 months, the way we got  done in the Senate farm bill. I believe a 4-month extension is better  than none at all.   My biggest fear is that it is going to get lost here in all the other  issues we are dealing with. My hope--and I ask you here today--is that  the leadership of this Chamber bring this extension for a vote, perhaps  as early as Monday evening when we return, because to allow this to  drag into Tuesday, Tuesday midnight--I am telling you, it is going to  have a dramatic and negative impact on people in Florida and across the  country.   Let me go back to one of the reforms that need to happen. One of the  organizations that I agree with a lot was out there--what they do--key  scoring this vote in the House against it. They make great points about  how broken this program is. They are absolutely right about that. I  personally support reforms that will increase private market  involvement in this program. I want to go back to the practicality of  it.   While I want there to be reforms, I cannot hold hostage and we should  not hold hostage real people and families whose homes and lives will be  at risk  [[Page S5355]]  while Congress tries to figure this out. It has to be done. I don't  want to be in a cycle of perpetual extension. I am as frustrated about  it as anybody else. I wish we could find some permanence to this in a  way that didn't wipe everybody out by raising the rates but was also  sustainable in the long term. We have to continue to work through that.   As a Senator from Florida recognizing that over one-third of the  total policies nationwide are in the State that I represent, I have to  come here today with a strong sense of urgency and argue on behalf of  my neighbors and my constituents and my own family who depend on flood  insurance in order not to just protect their homes in the middle of a  hurricane cycle but to be able to transact real estate deals--selling a  home, buying one, even commercial buildings--all these things that  depend on this market being healthy.   In terms of the long-term reforms, affordability has to be a key part  of any one of those reforms. The last time we extended this for 5  years, in 2012, the premiums in the State of Florida skyrocketed. What  it did was it caused a massive exodus from this program, particularly  out of Florida. A bunch of people left the program.   That is a problem because the key to having a sustainable program is  having enough people in it. That is the whole purpose of insurance. You  need to have enough people so you can spread the risk. But if people  begin to migrate out of the program--and it usually is going to be the  safest properties that are going to leave because they are the ones  less willing to pay the higher premiums--you are going to be left with  adverse selection. We have heard that term used in health insurance  debates. If you don't have enough properties and enough safe properties  to spread the risk, it drives up the premiums even more, and it makes  the program even less healthy. That is why the key to any reforms has  to be a program that is affordable enough to have that sort of  participation, but we can't expect people to participate in a program  they can't afford.   I think the one component of flood insurance reform that everyone  should agree with is the importance of strong mitigation funding. FEMA  and numerous other groups have repeatedly cited statistics confirming  that every dollar we spend on mitigation--mitigation against flooding,  mitigation against sea level rise, mitigation against all these  things--results in $4 or more saved in future disaster recovery. Every  single year now, it seems like we are spending millions upon tens of  millions of dollars on storm recovery packages. Imagine if we could  prevent some of that at the front end by funding mitigation efforts in  concert with State and local governments.   Flood insurance reform is going to require a proactive approach to a  problem that has only been approached in a reactionary way up this  point. Simply raising rates without fundamentally changing what plagues  the program will only lead to more people, more individuals leaving the  program and an even larger disaster supplemental package when future  storms occur.   Floridians deserve a program that is transparent and that is  affordable. Right now, this program is neither. I believe the House and  Senate can come to an agreement on a law that will achieve these goals.  I think we need to do so in a way that is long term and sustainable.  That is why once we pass this 4-month extension--and I say ``once we  do'' because I cannot imagine not doing it. I cannot imagine leaving  next week at some point for a 1-week recess in early August and leaving  this thing lapsed. It can't happen. It is not an option. It has to be  dealt with.   Once we do that, then we truly need to work on enacting this before  November 30, when this extension will expire, and work on the  fundamental flaws of the program and allow the Flood Insurance Program  to move forward on a path that is responsible, affordable, and  sustainable, not one that continues to require the government to bail  it out. That is what I hope will happen.   In the strongest possible terms--I cannot emphasize this enough--I  truly hope we will bring this reauthorization for a vote as soon as  possible and that my colleagues will cooperate because Tuesday at  midnight next week, if we have not acted, there will be hundreds of  thousands, if not millions, of people across this country--many of them  in my home State--who are going to find that their property, in the  middle of a hurricane season, is not covered against water damage  because they cannot get flood insurance. That would be catastrophic for  our economy, and it would be catastrophic for Florida and the impacted  States.   I am here to repeat and urge as strongly as I can that the leadership  bring this up for a vote as soon as we are done dealing with the four  appropriations bills that are before us. There is no other option. We  cannot allow this to expire.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   