 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today I would like to recognize a very  special Michigander. It is my pleasure to welcome Tom Stephenson of  Greenville, MI, and his family to Washington, DC, and to have them in  the Senate Gallery right now. Tom is joined by his parents Hollie and  Mark, as well as his younger sister Sarah.   Today Tom is fulfilling his wish to be a U.S. Senator for a day with  the assistance of the Make-A-Wish Foundation. It is truly an honor to  partner with Make-A-Wish to grant Tom's wish.   This wonderful organization creates life-changing wishes for children  with critical illnesses, giving them and their families meaningful  experiences while bringing communities together.   Tom discovered his passion for government and politics at 8 years old  when he joined his grandmother on a trip to Washington, DC. During that  trip, Tom met with legislators to advocate for heart defect research.  Today he is getting a firsthand look at a day in the life of a U.S.  Senator.   From my weekly constituent coffee to meetings with my fellow  Senators, briefings, interviews, and even a conference call with the  Michigan media, U.S. Senator-for-a-Day Stephenson is getting the full  experience.   I am always inspired when I meet young people interested in public  service, and I am impressed that Tom chose serving as a U.S. Senator  for a day as his wish.   One issue that Tom is particularly concerned about is college  affordability and how his generation will prepare for the future. This  is a concern I share with Tom and that I know many of my fellow  Michiganders share with us. Here in the Senate, I am working to ensure  everyone has access to the skills and education that are vital to  joining the modern workforce and competing in today's global economy.   I introduced legislation that will reduce the pricetag for higher  education by allowing students to complete college-level courses while  they are still in high school. I will continue to work with my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle to find commonsense solutions  that will help make higher education more affordable.   I would like to thank my colleague from West Virginia, Senator  Capito, for taking time out of her day to meet with me and Tom this  morning. We wanted to show him that there is real bipartisanship in the  Senate. We discussed how we worked together to enact legislation that  will help recent graduates who have defaulted on their loans repair  their credit and get back on track.   All of us in the Senate should draw inspiration from Tom. At a time  when our country is increasingly polarized and politics can feel toxic,  we need smart, hard-working young people to recommit to public service  and to making our country a better place.   At 18, Tom is still 12 years away from being eligible to serve as a  U.S. Senator, but his passion for our government gives me faith in the  future and that our future is bright.   I would like to thank Tom for taking the trip to Washington and  spending a long day with me, my colleagues, and my staff. I hope Tom  leaves the Senate today with an even deeper interest in our government  and a better idea about how we can work together to improve the lives  of Michiganders and all Americans.   Although Tom's term as ``Senator for a Day'' winds down tonight, I am  committed to serving as his advocate and voice here. As he prepares to  start his freshman year at Michigan State University, I am proud to  welcome Tom both as a fellow Senator and as a fellow Spartan. I look  forward to everything he will accomplish in the coming years and  decades.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern,  Thomas Stephenson, be granted floor privileges while the Senate is in  session on Tuesday, July 10, 2018.   