 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for those kind words.  Chairman Sessions is a hero of mine. There are a lot of reasons why I  hold  [[Page H823]]  him in such high regard. One of the reasons is that he understands a  couple of very important things.   I think the first thing he understands is that the primary  responsibility of the Federal Government is to keep Americans safe in a  chaotic world. The second thing he understands is that nothing is more  important than thing one.   It is for these reasons that I rise in strong support of the rule and  the underlying legislation to fund our military. Our inability to  constantly fund our Federal Government has real consequences, but it  has no greater consequence than it has for our military members.   Nothing impacts our military with more devastating effect than the  lack of sustained, predictable funding. We need to do what is right for  the men and women in uniform charged with defending our country,  including, I might add, members of my own family who are deployed, even  as we speak.   The uncertainty of funding creates problems in the supply chain with  regard to everything from large acquisitions to the smallest repair  part. It impacts training as funding is needed to lock in major events  to include logistical support, movement of personnel and equipment, and  access to sufficient types and quantities of munitions. I have spoken  with military members, as recently as the last few weeks, who told me  about their funding and their training being canceled because of the  threat of a government shutdown. It has implications for their safety  and their well-being.    In a letter to Congress last September, Secretary Mattis warned of  the consequences: funding through a CR cannot be reprogrammed; training  impacts begin immediately, as I have said; and hiring actions and  recruiting is curtailed.   The bottom line is this: governing by crisis has had an enormous  impact on our military, and it is time we do what is right and fully  fund our country's defense.   Funding the Department of Defense in the year 2018 will keep  Americans safe by boosting our national defense and give a much-needed  pay raise to our troops and an increase in end strength for the Active  Duty, Guard, and the Reserve.   Let me end with a personal observation. These wings that I proudly  wear are my father's Air Force wings. He was an Air Force pilot in  World War II. He had five sons who served in the military. I am proud  to say that I was one of them, as Chairman Sessions has indicated. As I  indicated as well, I have members of my own family who are deployed  now, or will deploy in the next year. These young men and women put  their lives on the line to serve and to protect our country. For  heaven's sake, let's give them the funding to do that. Let's do the  right thing. That is why I support this rule and the underlying  legislation.   