 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for  yielding.  [[Page H4833]]    I would like to thank Chairman Shuster and the committee staff for  all of their assistance in helping to get this matter to the floor for  consideration.   This amendment would convey three parcels of land known as the Earle  May Recreational Area from the Army Corps of Engineers to the city of  Bainbridge, Georgia.   Mr. Chairman, the Earle May Recreational Area is vitally important to  the city of Bainbridge, Georgia. The city has had a long-term lease  from the Army Corps of Engineers, and it has invested nearly $150  million in improvements to this area for public use. These investments  include a $25 million water control plant, several sporting complexes,  and many other facilities that attract visitors.   It is a destination for people from across the Southeast for its  unique beauty and the recreational opportunities that are offered by  the Flint River.   Continued improvements, however, could be done much more efficiently  if the land were conveyed from the Army Corps to the city of  Bainbridge. Since the original lease was initiated in 1980, any  improvements that the city attempted to make had to undergo the very  long and arduous process that the Army Corps of Engineers utilizes,  and, therefore, it increased substantially the cost to the city, as  well as the bureaucratic delays that occurred.   By transferring this land to the people of the city of Bainbridge, I  am confident that a proper balance can be struck between the city and  the Army Corps, and it will facilitate the recreational activities on  the Flint River as well as navigation and flood control.   I would like to thank the chairman for his assistance and for  agreeing to accept this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman, and I ask  my colleagues in the House and I urge their support of the amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   