 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in full support of S. 140, legislation that we  have been somewhat patiently waiting for the Senate to move on for over  a year. This legislation incorporates three different bills passed and  reported by the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee last year:  H.R. 2518, the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017; H.R. 1726, the  Coast Guard Improvement and Reform Act; and H.R. 2593, the Federal  Maritime Commission Authorization Act.   This is going to provide both positive improvements in maritime  policy, help with the competitiveness of the U.S. maritime industry,  and it is going to be of substantial assistance to the Coast Guard.  There are issues where we had some disagreement. It is not a perfect  bill, but I am pleased to support it, and I urge all Members to support  it.   I am particularly pleased with the 2-year authorized funding levels  for the Coast Guard. It has been hurt over a number of years. Their  budget has been too thin, and cuts imposed by the  [[Page H9648]]  Budget Control Act have been harmful. So this is a reasonable--not  optimal--funding level, but it will meet both the acquisition and  operational needs, and the Appropriations Committee will have the  capability of meeting the targets we have set.   It would have a rigorous new process before the Coast Guard can  permanently close any air facility it operates. In my home State of  Oregon there was a rather sudden announcement of a closure of an air  facility in the mid-coast, Newport, in Representative Schrader's  district. The waters of the Pacific are extraordinarily cold year- round. Survival times are not long, and we were putting mariners--both  recreational, commercial, and others--at risk. So we have now imposed a  new process. There will have to be an extensive public review  justification, and then Congress will also have time to review,  evaluate, and, if necessary, reject future proposed closures.   I also support a provision in the bill that will allow certificates  of documentation to be renewed on a multiyear basis. The Coast Guard  has had a backlog forever on certificates of documentation, and they  are annual. The rationale has been, well, we need to know your home  port every year. We are going to have a process where you can get a 5- year certificate, and then if you change your home port, you have to  report it within a certain number of days to the Coast Guard. That  solves that issue.   There was a long-discussed provision that was very controversial on  the Senate side on the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act. We came up with  a compromise. Again, I don't know that it is optimal, but we can live  with it. It sets strict technological standards for vessel discharges  under the Clean Water Act to protect local waters, minimizing the  introduction and spread of aquatic invasive species to where it was  becoming an incredibly expensive and difficult problem. We don't need  to spread anymore. It establishes a uniform national standard for  ballast water treatment that will be developed both by the EPA and the  Coast Guard to aid commercial carriers in movement of goods by  providing regulatory certainty throughout the United States. It retains  a significant role for individual States and citizens to protect their  local waters, which has been a critical sticking point in prior efforts  to pass this measure.   So under this proposal, States are guaranteed the ability to co- enforce and oversee implementation of the vessel discharge program,  petition the EPA and Coast Guard to strengthen ballast discharge  standard, should technologies that are more stringent become  commercially available, and call for the establishment of no discharge  zones in important and sensitive State waters, similar to those  currently available for marine sewage. That, again, was not necessarily  optimal, but I think it is workable and protects the interests of the  State and our precious resources.   I want to acknowledge the chairman and thank him. This will be the  last bill he manages on the floor. He has imposed regular order on the  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee with the water resources  development bills, the first long-term FAA bill in three decades, and  now an excellent Coast Guard authorization in addition to other  products.   I would like to also thank my ranking member--soon, perhaps,  depending on where he decides to go--chairman of this subcommittee for  his contributions. This is the third time that  John Garamendi has  worked with the Republicans to deliver a good Coast Guard bill during  his tenure. So, all in all, this is a strangely productive day for the  House of Representatives, and I am proud to be here.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Garamendi), who is the ranking member.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the  State of Washington (Mr. Larsen).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Connecticut (Mr. Courtney).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I want to thank Dave Jansen for his hard work and again congratulate  the chairman on his last bill passing on the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   