 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Barton for his great leadership  on the ACE Kids Act. I know this has been something he has been  dedicated to for many years, and I am glad we could get this worked out  and to the floor today. In fact, Mr. Speaker, these bills add to the  129 that the Energy and Commerce Committee has passed across this House  floor.   Mr. Speaker, 92 percent of those bills have been bipartisan. I don't  think the American people know that, because when we get along and do  things, it doesn't get much coverage. But most of our work, 92 percent  of our bills have been bipartisan, plus these today. 28 of those  measures have become law.   I rise in strong support of this bipartisan H.R. 7217, which includes  a number of different policies to improve and bolster the Medicaid and  Medicare programs for vulnerable patients across our country, Mr.  Speaker.   I recognize Joe Barton and our colleague, Kathy Castor from Florida,  who I know is going to speak in a moment. They have just worked  relentlessly on the ACE Kids Act. This is an important bill, and it is  included in this package and one I am proud the House will advance  forward today.   They both should be commended for their work because, you see, Mr.  Speaker, the ACE Kids Act is bipartisan. It is cost-effective  legislation. It provides children and their families the treatment and  coordinated care they so desperately need and deserve.   Representative Barton, former chairman of the committee, has long  been a champion on this issue, and, again, I thank him for his tireless  efforts to advocate for improving care for our Nation's sickest  children.   This bill also extends two key Medicaid programs: the Money Follows  the Person Demonstration Program and the spousal impoverishment rules  in Medicaid, both of which were due to expire or be out of money by the  end of the year.   I am disappointed we weren't able to secure a longer term extension  of these programs. I know many of my colleagues share that  disappointment. Both sides negotiated in good faith, though, on how to  pay for an extension, and I hope that the bipartisan work on the long- term bill will continue early in the new Congress. Today, we are moving  forward with a 3-month extension to prevent these programs from  expiring.   Finally, this package includes a small but critically important  Medicare fix to ensure disabled seniors have access to necessary  mobility devices, and that is fully offset and paid for.   Further boosting our efforts to advance public health, we have four  other bills before us today. Collectively, these bills reauthorize  several important programs, promote safe motherhood, and improve  patient care.   Lastly, we will consider H.R. 6140. That is the Advanced Nuclear Fuel  Availability Act. This bill, as you already know, Mr. Speaker, directs  the Secretary of Energy to establish a program to make high-assay, low- enriched uranium available for use in the first-of-a-kind advanced  nuclear reactor designs. This fuel will enable the development and  deployment of a new generation of innovative nuclear technologies.   Nuclear energy is the largest source of emissions-free electricity in  the United States, so a strong U.S. nuclear energy policy can ensure a  reliable, clean U.S. energy sector for years to come and provide  American families and businesses with affordable energy.   In closing, Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Pallone, Mr. Green,  and the other members of the Energy and Commerce Committee. I urge my  colleagues to support passage of all of these bills, especially H.R.  7217, on behalf of patients in Oregon and all across our country.   