 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of  H.R. 5693, the Long-Term Care Veterans Choice Act. My bill would  authorize the Department of Veterans Affairs for 3 years to cover the  cost of long-term care at medical foster homes for up to 900 veterans  at a time who are otherwise eligible for nursing home care through the  VA.   Medical foster homes are private homes in which a caregiver provides  services to a smaller group of individuals who are unable to live  without day-to-day assistance. Medical foster homes are an alternative  to nursing homes for those who require care but prefer a  noninstitutional setting with fewer residents.   For many younger veterans in need of round-the-clock care, medical  foster homes can provide a more age-appropriate independent setting  than traditional nursing homes. The VA has operated its medical foster  home initiative for nearly 20 years, and currently oversees more than  700 licensed caregivers assisting nearly 1,000 veterans across 42  States.   Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, while the VA will cover the cost of home- based primary care for eligible veterans living in medical foster  homes, the VA does not cover the cost of medical foster home living  arrangements for veterans eligible for nursing home care through the  VA. The reforms in my bill increase access to medical foster homes and  represent a significant cost savings for the Department of Veterans  Affairs.   There should be no one-size-fits-all standard of care for veterans.  Veterans should be afforded flexibility to use the benefits they  righteously earned in a manner that best suits their individual needs,  which is why the VA, American Legion, and many other veteran service  organizations have offered their support for this language.   Further, the bill refocuses the administrative bodies of the VA to  better prioritize programs like the GI bill, vocational rehabilitation,  home loan benefits, and transition assistance programs that create  economic opportunities for veterans.   This allows existing veterans' health benefits and National Cemetery  Administration to better focus on providing healthcare and cemetery  services. This critical refocus will improve oversight and veterans  access to important services like the medical foster home program that  give much needed choice and personal dignity back to the brave men and  women who have sacrificed so much for our Nation.   Mr. Speaker, this bill reflects the compassion of the American  citizenry in our dedication to serve the veterans who have served us.  Please join me in supporting our servicemen and women by voting in  support of H.R. 5693, the Long-Term Care Veterans Choice Act.   