 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman McClintock and also  Representative Hanabusa for their support on this important piece of  legislation, which ultimately creates a win not only for the local  community property rights, but also for our forest system, as well, in  the event of a catastrophic wildfire breaking out.   West Fork is in a remote part of Dolores County, Colorado, surrounded  by the San Juan National Forest. Emergency and fire response is a  challenge in this part of the county because the closest fire station  is currently 26 miles away. The West Fork Fire Station Act conveys  approximately 3.6 acres of National Forest System land to Dolores  County for the strict purpose of building and operating a fire station  in the West Fork area.   In addition to creating emergency and fire response challenges, the  lack of a dedicated fire station has created insurance challenges for  homeowners in West Fork. In an area surrounded by national forest land,  it is critical to have fire insurance for your home and other  structures on your property. With no fire station in reasonable  proximity to the area, it is near impossible for homeowners to obtain  fire insurance in West Fork. My bill would help change that.   The West Fork fire station will be operated by a volunteer fire  department, men and women who dedicate their time, talent, and often  put the safety of their community and neighbors ahead of their own. I  greatly appreciate their service to the county.   I also commend Dolores County for working along with local property  owners and the surrounding fire districts to obtain necessary  firefighting equipment for the volunteers who would serve the West Fork  fire station.   Dolores County, Colorado, U.S. Senators Cory Gardner and Michael  Bennet, along with the U.S. Forest Service all support the West Fork  Fire Station Act.   The bill passed out of the Natural Resources Committee with a  unanimous vote. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues in the House to  support this bill and the community of West Fork today.   