 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues from Montana and  Hawaii for their supportiveness.   Briefly, Mr. Speaker, this is what you get when people talk about  issues and not cliches. This is a long time in the making, as has been  previously indicated, folks from the wilderness areas, folks from  economic development areas, folks from the resource extraction areas  all coming together on this.   But just in case there is some concern about, oh my God, potentially  we are transferring the Federal estate, let's remind people of a couple  of things that are in this legislation.   First of all, nothing is transferred for nothing. It talks about the  appraisal process and how, if you are going to purchase the Federal  estate, you are going to pay for it.   Secondly, it is talking about exchanges along the Trans-Pacific  legislation on the checkerboard from 1862, which talks about the  Secretary of the Interior is a full partner with the county commission  in identifying those lands that are appropriate for exchange.   Why is this important?   This is important because if they don't think it is a good idea to  exchange, then the Secretary of the Interior can stop that process, so  it doesn't force the Secretary of the Interior to exchange land that he  or she, in the future, doesn't want to.   But let's remind ourselves of one other thing. Exchanges of  checkerboard land are not just something that benefits perhaps economic  development along the Interstate 80 corridor, or somebody who does a  cow-calf operation somewhere. It also allows resource managers, Federal  land managers, wildlife people to consolidate checkerboard lands where  they need to be consolidated, to do things like preserve habitat,  preserve special resource areas, whether it is for mule deer, whether  it is for the endangered species potential of the sage hen, and other  things like that. So it is a two-way street.   So my congratulations to the folks of Pershing County and the BLM  employees in the Winnemucca district.   By the way, no lands are subject to this that haven't been identified  in their resource management plan, their planning document, as  potentially available for either exchange or disposal.   Finally, I want to remind you of this: there are 150,000 acres that  can be bought out of a potential Federal estate of over 9 million acres  in that county. So it is a fraction of 1 percent. And of the potential  available for exchange, it sets an upper limit of 300,000, potential.  The county has to ask for it, the Secretary has to agree to an  exchange.   So when you talk about the size of the Federal estate in Pershing  County--which, by the way, is the home to the Burning Man festival, for  those of you who follow that sort of stuff--it is something that is,  quite frankly, not going to change the landscape, literally speaking,  in terms of the ownership and the diminishment of the Federal estate.  They are still the major player to the tune of--at the end of the day,  95 percent of the Federal estate is still intact.   Finally, on wilderness study areas and wilderness creation areas, in  this bill, you have created about 148,000 acres of new wilderness areas  and you have released parts of five different wilderness study areas  that are about 48,000 acres. So when you start talking about this is a  good housekeeping measure, it allows Pershing County to come into the  new age in terms of what they think is appropriate for their economic  diversification and vitality, but also gives Federal land managers,  resource folks, wildlife groups, and conservation groups, the tools to  do good things in Pershing County, too.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague for his generous provision  of the time.   The last piece is this: the most successful public lands legislation  in the country is probably the Southern Nevada Public Lands Management  Act, which turns 20 this year. Much of this is patterned on that.   When you talk about what happens when they sell land, money goes to  education and it goes to the county, and then 85 percent of every  dollar brought in goes for the benefit of those Federal lands, for  those land managers in Pershing County.  [[Page H392]]    It has been working in southern Nevada for 20 years. This is a good  step. I encourage bipartisan, nationwide support.   