 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of  H.R. 2259, the Sam Farr Peace Corps Enhancement Act. This bill will  improve the health, security and safety of Peace Corps Volunteers. Our  Peace Corps Volunteers uphold American values and character abroad.  They are often the first impression given to foreign nationals of  Americans and put themselves in the most remote areas of the world  where managing risk is a daily practice. The Sam Farr Peace Corps  Enhancement Act will strengthen a volunteer's ability to effectively  serve our country abroad by establishing more institutional protections  I am proud to be a cosponsor of this important legislation.   The Peace Corps was created to answer that powerful call from  President Kennedy nearly sixty years ago when he stated, ``ask not what  your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country''.  Whether it is the Peace Corps, AmeriCorps or Conservation Corps,  national service is a vital ingredient to a healthy and prosperous  nation National service provides vital skills of teamwork,  responsibility and the ability to cross cultural and economic lines in  societies. No one understood this better than my dear friend and former  colleague, Sam Farr who this bill is so aptly named after.   In his twenty-three distinguished years as a Former Congressman from  California's 17th District, Sam Farr was often known as ``Mr. Peace  Corps''. A former Peace Corps Volunteer himself, serving in Colombia  during the early sixties; he was a tireless advocate for the Peace  Corps Agency. He understood the importance of the work that the Agency  and the volunteers were doing for America in the global arena, and the  impact it has on not just the Peace Corps Volunteers, but the  friendships and bonds they create in the countries they serve. I urge  my colleagues to support this important legislation and I thank  Congressmen Joe Kennedy (D-MA) and Ted Poe (R-TX) for recognizing  Congressman Farr, and introducing such an important and bipartisan bill  that will truly benefit our volunteers.   