 Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I appreciate the comments from my friend,  the chairman of the Appropriations Committee. As many know, Chairman  Shelby and I have been friends for decades. We have traveled to  different parts of the world and tried to promote the U.S. agenda. We  have worked very closely together. That is why we are opening debate on  the first set of appropriations bills for fiscal year 2019. The minibus  before us contains the Energy and Water Development appropriations  bill, the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs appropriations  bill, and the Legislative Branch appropriations bill. These bills have  strong bipartisan support.   On each subcommittee, I compliment the chairs and ranking members,  who worked very closely together and set aside partisan labels to get  these bills before the full committee so that Senator Shelby and I  could then bring them up for votes in the full committee. So far, we  have reported from the committee 7 of the 12 annual appropriations  bills, each with overwhelming bipartisan support--I almost want to  reemphasize that: each with overwhelming bipartisan support--at a time  when it is as though nothing can be done in a bipartisan way. I think  we have set the example of the way the Senate was, should be and can  be.   As one who has been in this body for almost 44 years, I like to see  the Senate work the way it should. In fact, we are going to mark up  three of the five remaining bills this week. The chairman and I are  committed to making the appropriations process work again. So far, in  committee, it has. In that respect, I thank, again, my good friend  Senator Shelby for his leadership and bipartisan cooperation, which has  helped us achieve these results so far.   Our best chance for restoring regular order and avoiding the need to  do an omnibus spending bill at the end of the year is to abide by the  bipartisan-bicameral budget agreement and avoid poison pill riders from  the left or the right. The bill before us does just that.   The chairman and I--and we are the ones who have to spend the time on  the floor--want a real debate of the spending measure. Members should  come to the floor, offer amendments, and debate them. Yet, if we are  going to succeed in moving this bill through the Senate, Members on  both sides of the aisle need to show restraint as we did when we marked  up these bills in committee and refrain from offering controversial  legislative matters or other poison pills as amendments. Offer those on  authorizing bills, where they should be, and debate them there.   The appropriations bills that make up the minibus before us contain  funding for important programs and make a real difference in people's  lives, certainly in the lives of those in every Senator's State--in  Vermont and across the Nation. We should not derail this process  because of unrelated policy riders. If we do this--if both sides of the  aisle can show restraint--we will take a very important step in getting  this process back on track and putting the Senate back to where it  should be.   Let's talk about the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs bill.  It dedicates considerable resources to the support and care of our  veterans, including $2 billion to address the maintenance backlog at  our VA hospitals and clinics. We agreed to that in the bipartisan  budget deal, and we have it in this bill. It also has critical funding  for medical care and research, hospital and clinic construction, and  disability and pension programs.   The Energy and Water Development bill invests in our country's water  infrastructure and energy programs. It also provides funding to support  our rural communities and farmers, which will benefit not just Vermont  but the rest of the Nation. All of us have rural areas in our States,  and this will benefit them. I am pleased that the bill supports much  needed repairs and improvements in our environmental infrastructure and  in our energy infrastructure and that it strengthens innovative ways to  deliver these critical assets.   From a parochial point of view, I know it makes Vermont more  resilient to the change in climate and violent weather events. All one  has to do is look at the map. It makes every State more resilient,  which is what we need. Once again, the bill includes strong funding for  the weatherization program and, of course, helps families in Vermont,  the Northeast, and northern States across the country. Families in  Vermont can struggle with high home heating prices during the cold  winter months, when it is not unusual to have days or a week during  which it is below zero.   The bill wisely rejects several of the administration's budget  proposals by making real investments in renewable energy and energy  efficiency programs. That is going to accelerate diversified  [[Page S4015]]  and sustainable energy production in every part of our country and  support American innovation in the private sector as well as the many  world-class research institutions across the country. I want to see  American innovation being supported. This bill will create and sustain  American jobs.   The Legislative Branch bill provides funding for the Senate at large,  as well as to cover the House of Representatives, the Library of  Congress, the Copyright Office, the Architect of the Capitol, and the  Capitol Police. In addition, it supports the Congressional Budget  Office and the Government Accountability Office, which are essential to  our oversight functions. I support this package of bills that came from  the committee, and I urge other Members to do the same.   Let me just mention one issue briefly that relates to veterans'  healthcare. The Military Construction and Veterans Affairs bill has one  serious problem, and Chairman Shelby and I are committed to fixing it.  The bill does not provide money to cover the costs that are associated  with the VA Choice Program, which was transferred to the discretionary  side of the budget under the VA MISSION Act. It will become part of a  new consolidated community care program to be funded in this  bill. Unfortunately, the MISSION Act provides funding for this program  only through May of 2019, leaving the balance unaddressed. To cover the  shortfall, we are going to need an estimated $1.6 billion more in  fiscal year 2019 and an additional $8.6 billion in fiscal year 2020 and  $9.5 billion in fiscal year 2021.    These costs were not accounted for when we negotiated the budget caps  in the bipartisan budget deal, so the chairman and ranking member of  the subcommittee were unable to address the shortfall within their  allocation without cutting funding for other important programs. We do  our veterans no favors if we promise care but then not back it up and  say: Oh, by the way, we are not going to pay for it. Senator Shelby and  I are working to find a solution to provide the flexibility needed to  make sure, having made this promise to our veterans, we can carry out  the promise. We hope to offer an amendment later this week to address  this issue.   In conclusion, I look forward to the debate on the appropriations  bill before us, and I ask Senators--all 100 of us--to work with us to  restore the appropriations process. We can only achieve success if we  return to regular order and pledge to work together. To give an example  that Chairman Shelby and I have set, the 31 members of the Senate  Appropriations Committee voted overwhelmingly on both sides of the  aisle for these bills. So I thank the chairman, and I also thank the  subcommittee chairs and ranking members because they worked like mad,  and they got it done.   With that, I yield the floor.   