 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment.    Mr. Chair, this amendment previously failed by recorded  vote in July of 2016. The amendment taxed ranchers and attempts to  relitigate the Bundy matter.   DOJ was found to have withheld evidence and to have violated these  ranchers' rights. There is no reason to relitigate this matter at this  juncture. The regulations are already in place.   This is an unnecessary political amendment.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, the gentleman brings up exactly the point I  am trying to make. We are trying to relitigate a previously settled  issue. It was actually found that these ranchers' rights were violated  by the Department of Justice.   We started looking--the Hammonds were brought up. When we were  actually looking at this case where they actually tried to look at the  fire danger on their land, and it got beyond their lands and on to  public land, they were fined exclusively and hardlined.   Where is the same type of justice given to the Forest Service or the  BLM when their prescribed burn fires go out of hand and take private  holdings? It is not the same. This isn't about freeloading. This is  about a case where we need to look at how we take care of our public  lands.   Mr. Chair, I ask everybody to vote against this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment that supports  recreational shooting, K-12 education, and responsible energy  development by prohibiting funds for the Ironwood Forest National  Monument that was unilaterally designated under the Antiquities Act.   By looking at the map here, it is very clear that this monument was a  political land grab meant to prevent responsible energy and mineral  production, as well as multiple use on Federal lands. You couldn't  construct something even worse than that.   As you can see, the monument boundary starts in the right corner here  in the yellow and includes a large mineral deposit that includes  molybdenum, manganese, gold, and peripheral lead-zinc-silver.   The boundary then works its way up and also encircles the purple,  which is a significant copper deposit.   Continuing to move up to the green, the monument encompasses  significant amounts of lead, zinc, and silver veins.   Moving further up the map to the next yellow, the monument encircles  the entire Silver Bell Mine and operations, as well as other claims,  and also encompasses massive mineral deposits that contain molybdenum,  manganese, gold, and peripheral lead-zinc-silver.   Moving to the blue and to the top left of the monument, the boundary  almost entirely encircles two large veins that contain barium, lead,  and silver.   Essentially, all the colored areas on the map are off limits to new  energy and mineral exploration and development as a result of the  monument land grab.   Proponents claim the 188,619-acre monument is necessary to protect a  stand of ironwood trees covering 640 acres. Let me repeat that.  Proponents claim the 188,619-acre monument is necessary to protect a  stand of ironwood trees covering 640 acres.   Wow. If this unilateral monument designation was not political, it  would have had a significantly different boundary and been much  smaller.   There is nothing glamorous about this monument, and it was an  unconstitutional taking by then-Secretary Babbitt and the Clinton  administration, pointblank.   The Arizona Mining Association, Arizona Rock Products Association,  Arizona Mining Industry Gets Our Support, and the Southern Arizona  Business Coalition recently asked for this monument to be modified  significantly, stating: ``One-third of the area encompassed in the  Ironwood Monument is either State trust lands or privately owned. These  lands have effectively lost all economic potential as a result of the  national monument designation. . . . At the time of the designation,  the State government estimated that it would lose $100 million in  mineral rights. This does not include financial losses to private  companies or the lost employment potential for the mines.''   Asarco and Liberty Star Uranium and Metals Corporation of Tucson have  also asked for this monument to be significantly altered.   Further, the Ironwood Forest National Monument has caused harm to the  common schools beneficiary, K-12 education, by locking up these lands,  preventing multiple use, and stopping important revenues from flowing  to the educational coffers.   The Ironwood Forest National Monument enacted a complete ban on  recreational shooting. No utility corridors are allowed in the  monument. One-quarter of the monument can be closed to human entry for  over one-third of the year due to the presence of sheep, and nearly  10,000 acres of this monument are completely locked up at all times.  Further, the monument constitutes an attack on ranchers by negatively  impacting grazing.   This monument designation was an unconstitutional taking. Asarco  invested $72 million prior to the monument designation in hopes of  expanding the mine. They will likely invest several hundred million  more, create new jobs, and grow the economy if the mine is no longer  within the monument boundary.   The Arizona Game and Fish Department has not been able to fully  implement vital management activities within the monument boundaries,  including fencing to protect wildlife, predator control, law  enforcement wildlife investigations, and responses to illegal wildlife  activities.   In November, 24 Members of Congress sent President Trump a letter  recommending a recession of this monument amongst other monument  recommendations. That letter was endorsed by the American Farm Bureau  Federation, Americans for Responsible Recreation Access, the National  Cattlemen's Beef Association, and the Public Lands Council.   This amendment is endorsed by the American Exploration and Mining  Association, American Encore, AMIGOS, Asarco Mining, the Competitive  Enterprise Institute, Free Market America, the Arizona Farm Bureau,  Arizona Liberty, the Arizona Pork Council, Concerned Citizens for  America, Eagle Motorcycles, Rim Country Custom Rods, the Southern  Arizona Business Coalition, and Yavapai County Supervisor Jack R.  Smith, amongst others.   Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and ranking member for their time  and for their good work on this bill.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chairman, look at how this monument is connected and  concocted. I think every which way. You couldn't make a worse  definition for a monument.   What it basically does is it goes to the far side to catch these two  minerals over here. Down here in the middle, it goes to the far edge.  This is called gerrymandering for minerals. This is a political bias  based upon takings from the people of Arizona.   Remember, I responded by saying: Listen, one-third of this  designation was private and State lands. These are part of the  dedication to the citizens of Arizona.   So when you look at this, this is the worst concocted. This is the  vanity of, actually, atrocities of monuments gone haywire.   Now, I am happy to work with the gentleman from southern Arizona to  rightsize this monument. I would be happy to do that. But this  concoction is a blatant exercise in overjurisdiction of the Federal  Government and misutilizing the Antiquities Act.   Mr. Chairman, I ask everybody to vote for my amendment.   