 Madam President, I rise today to discuss the confirmation  process for Brett Kavanaugh. By any honest measure, President Trump's  nominee, Judge Kavanaugh, is exceptionally well qualified to serve on  the Supreme Court. When he was nominated to the DC Circuit, he already  had stellar credentials, a keen intellect, and an impressive knowledge  of the law. He was confirmed to the DC Circuit Court in 2006, following  years of Democratic obstruction. I have followed his work closely on  that court for over a decade. His judicial record never ceases to  impress.   A nominee with such a sterling reputation should receive wide  bipartisan support. But over the years, I have seen firsthand the  deterioration of the judicial confirmation process. When Justice  Kennedy announced his retirement, I knew the Democrats would, again,  play politics with the Supreme Court. It is what they have done for  more than three decades. It is a matter of grave concern to me,  especially with an eminently qualified nominee. They are casting about  looking for something--really, anything--to stop Judge Kavanaugh's  confirmation.   Because Democrats want political judges, they politicize the  confirmation process. This is what they did to oppose Justice Neil  Gorsuch when he was nominated. They took a few cases out of the  thousands he had decided and distorted what he had said. They attacked  him as being unfit to serve. They said he was unqualified to be a  Justice, but Justice Gorsuch had an unassailable record as a principled  jurist on the Federal bench.   We fought back against the misrepresentations, the caricatures, and  the exaggerations, and the American people saw through the Democrats'  ruse. They saw the kind of Justice Neil Gorsuch would be--a Justice who  says what the law is, not what he wants it to be, a Justice who  respects the separation of powers, a Justice who will stand up to the  executive and legislative branches when they overreach. I believe the  American people will see the same thing when they look at Judge  Kavanaugh.   The debate over Judge Kavanaugh's confirmation should be a debate  over his qualifications. Does he understand the proper role of a judge  under our Constitution? Does he have the experience needed? Will he  respect our Constitution and the rule of law?   With hundreds of opinions, Judge Kavanaugh has built a reputation as  being one of the most respected and influential judges in the entire  country. His incisive reasoning has led the Supreme Court to adopt his  positions in at least 12 cases.   Fidelity to the Constitution and to the rule of law are hallmarks of  his opinions. Importantly, his vast body of work shows a deep  commitment to the separation of powers. His opinions demonstrate his  commitment to the principle that judges should interpret the law, not  make it.   Judge Kavanaugh should be asked questions about his rulings and his  approach to the law. As a judge, he has developed a reputation for his  preparation in court. I have no doubt that he can stand up under the  most rigorous questioning.   Yet what we have seen so far is a mix of hyperbole, mudslinging, and  distortion. Attacks aimed at Judge Kavanaugh have not focused on  whether he is qualified to serve. They have not focused on whether he  understands the role of a judge. They have not focused on how he will  interpret the Constitution and the laws passed by Congress. When it  comes to what we should be asking about a nominee, what we have seen so  far is not even in the ballpark.   After scouring Judge Kavanaugh's financial disclosure, progressives  thought they had struck gold with a shocking revelation that would,  surely, turn public opinion against him. So  [[Page S5038]]  what salacious scandal did they uncover? What damning evidence did they  find that would dash all hopes of confirmation?   The Presiding Officer is not going to believe this, but they  discovered that Judge Kavanaugh enjoys America's pastime. That is  right. Judge Kavanaugh loves baseball--horrors. Honestly, I couldn't  believe it either. But wait. It gets worse.   Not only does Judge Kavanaugh love baseball, but he was once a season  ticket holder at Nationals Park. OK, but here is the real kicker. Judge  Kavanaugh bought those season tickets with a credit card--with a credit  card of all things. As was the Presiding Officer, I was speechless too.  I have been racking my brain all week trying to figure out how a credit  card-using baseball fan could slip through the cracks of the White  House's vetting process.   Now, I am being facetious to prove a point. We are only 9 days into  the confirmation process, and progressive opposition is already beyond  parody.   Of course, this is nothing new. Everything we have seen so far comes  directly from the Democrats' playbook. Throw every rumor, half-truth,  and exaggeration at the nominee, and just see what sticks. When nothing  sticks, double down on partisan attacks, take past statements out of  context, mischaracterize his positions, and lob a hyperbolic Hail Mary  if you have to. Do everything you can to denigrate, disparage, and  dehumanize the nominee no matter his qualifications or character.    If Democrats continue down this path, we are going to lose all  ability to debate matters of public importance. We cannot expect that  all debate will be well reasoned, but opposition should, at the very  least, be rational. It should never be hysterical. The rhetoric used to  oppose Judge Kavanaugh crosses that line.   Just last week, when speaking about Judge Kavanaugh's impressive  resume, I said you could not knock Yale, Harvard, or Georgetown. Maybe  I spoke too soon. Shortly after the announcement that Judge Kavanaugh  would be the nominee, Yale Law School released a statement with praise  of Judge Kavanaugh from professors and administrators.   One professor even noted that ``politics have deeply harmed our  Supreme Court nomination process,'' but she lauded Judge Kavanaugh as  being a ``true intellectual,'' an ``incomparable mentor,'' and a  ``fair-minded jurist who believes in the rule of law.'' She went on to  say that ``he is humble, collegial, and cares deeply about the federal  courts.''   The response from some Yale Law School students, staff, and alumni  was swift, forceful, uncompromising, and completely ridiculous:  ``People will die if he is confirmed.'' As these Yale alumni were  feverishly opposing the nomination, Judge Kavanaugh was spotted  volunteering his time with a local charity to distribute food to the  poor. His decision to keep his commitment to volunteer the week he was  nominated to the Supreme Court says more about Judge Kavanaugh than any  letter could.   This overwrought reaction, sadly, comes as no surprise. Crying wolf  is the left's trademark strategy in attempts to sabotage Republican  nominees. Back in 1990, a group that opposed then-nominee David Souter  warned that he was a threat to the ``lives, health and livelihoods of  millions of women and their families.'' It wasn't true then, and it  isn't true now.   I hope that the Senate can raise the level of debate as we consider  the nomination. In doing so, we should focus on whether Judge Kavanaugh  is qualified.   I hope my Democratic colleagues can resist the temptation to  politicize this nomination as they have with others in the past. Some  of what we are seeing now has me worried.   We have also heard a lot from Democrats about how important  transparency is to the confirmation process. Because of Judge  Kavanaugh's long record of public service to our Nation, the executive  branch has been asked to produce a large number of documents. Democrats  have been demanding that they be given access to these documents as  quickly as possible.   Some of my colleagues have expressed shock that Deputy Attorney  General Rod Rosenstein requested that assistant U.S. attorneys help to  review these documents. The truth is that the Office of Legal Policy at  the Justice Department always assists with nominations, and that Office  is composed mostly of career attorneys. It is not uncommon for  attorneys from other offices in the Justice Department to help with the  review of nominations.   The government attorneys at the Department of Justice who work on  nominations are extraordinarily thorough. Given the reportedly large  number of documents, it makes sense that to facilitate this process,  the DOJ would seek extra help.   When we spoke last week, Judge Kavanaugh said he was proud of his  opinions, and he hoped people would actually read them rather than just  read about them. I think those who do that will be just as impressed by  Judge Kavanaugh's work as I am. I hope Senators will take the time to  sit down with him.   Judge Kavanaugh has spent more than 23 years in public service. As a  good man, a decent man, and an honest man, Judge Kavanaugh is the type  of person we should all hope is nominated to a seat on the U.S. Supreme  Court. That is why I am so pleased that President Trump nominated Judge  Kavanaugh. I intend to do everything I can to support his nomination,  and I hope that all other Senators will do the same.   We have to quit this mudslinging and mischaracterizing of people's  characters. Judge Kavanaugh is one of the finest people I know. He is  also one of the smartest. He is conservative--no question about that-- but he is honest. To me, these are some of the most important keys to  these judgeship positions. I hope we get rid of the unjust  representations against the judge. I hope we will start treating the  Senate like the great deliberative body it really is.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   