 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I wish to speak today about the so-called  Schumer amendment. Now, that is not the name that some people give it,  but I will give it that name. Abraham Lincoln said: If you call a dog's  tail a leg, how many legs has a dog? Five? No, it has four, because  calling something doesn't make it that.   In the same way, you can call a bill bipartisan because there are  some Republicans on that bill, but if the Republicans have simply  acquiesced to the Democrats' position, it is a Democratic bill. Calling  it bipartisan doesn't make it so.   Let's just walk through a few of the weaknesses of this bill.   No. 1 is the enforcement holiday for illegal immigration. You might  call it the ``olly olly oxen free'' position. That is because it  declares to anyone, worldwide, if you get to the United States in the  next four months, or before June 30, 2018, olly olly oxen free, the  Department of Homeland Security will not enforce our laws against you.   Don't take my word for it. Look at it right here. In fact, it was  done in handwriting last night. I suspect some of my Republican  colleagues on this bill didn't even know that this change was made. It  used to be January 1, 2018, and you had to be present for at least 5\1/ 2\ years. That is not great, but it is better than a prospective  enforcement holiday that says that if you get to this country illegally  in the next 4 months, we will not make you an enforcement priority. So  come on in, everyone. If you get here by June 30, under this amendment,  the Department of Homeland Security will not make it a priority to  enforce our laws against you.   No. 2, let's look at the amnesty that it provides. The President has  been extraordinarily generous in his offer to our Democratic  colleagues. He didn't say a legal status for 690,000 people who are  enrolled in the Obama-era DACA Program. He said citizenship. He said a  full opportunity for citizenship for 1.8 million people--1.8 million  people--who were not just enrolled in the program but would have been  eligible for the program had they enrolled.   This amendment would expand that to almost 3 million to 4 million  people by lifting the age limits and by lifting the age caps--a vast  amnesty, just among those younger people, of a quarter of the people  who are here in this country illegally.   It gets even worse than that.   No. 3, the entire rationale of the DACA Program is that children  ought not pay for the sins of their parents. How about the parents pay  for the sins of the parents? This bill would allow the effective  legalization of the very parents who created this problem in the first  place. The sponsors of this amendment will say: No, no, we prohibit the  parents from getting legal status. Let's look at how they do that. They  say that no person can receive legal status if the Department of  Homeland Security can show they knowingly assisted the entry of a minor  into this country. Tell me how the Department of Homeland Security is  supposed to make that showing. How are they supposed to go back 10, 15,  20, 25 years and show that this illegal immigrant knowingly brought  that person into this country? It is preposterous. It is the exact  reason why so many immigration bills have failed for so many years in  this body--the Democrats write bills they claim do one thing; in  reality, they do the exact opposite.   No. 4, they say that it reforms chain migration or at least makes a  downpayment on it. Here is what it actually does. It briefly delays a  tiny, tiny class of persons from being sponsored by newly legalized  immigrants--only about 25,000 per year of the adult children of green  card holders. It takes those and applies them to the other adult  children, and when those immigrants become citizens--guess what--they  get to sponsor their adult children again. So it does not make a single  change to the practice of extended family chain migration, which is  responsible for so much of the unskilled and low-skilled immigration we  have had in this country over the last 40 years.   It makes no changes whatsoever to the diversity lottery, not a single  one, even though every other provision under serious consideration has  at least eliminated that lottery and reallocated those green cards  toward other purposes, such as clearing out the family-based backlog  and clearing out the high-skilled backlog.   Some people say that it appropriates $25 billion--$2.5 billion a year  for 10 years--for the border wall. It does no such thing. Again, it  says one thing and does another. It gives $2.5 billion for the first  year. It can't be spent on physical barriers. Then, every year after  that, it makes that money contingent on a report and a certification by  the Department of Homeland Security that is purposefully onerous,  difficult to achieve, and therefore means the money likely will not be  available in future years. And, of course, if a Democratic President  comes into office during the 10 years of this bill, we know that his  Department of Homeland Security will never submit that report  certification, and that money will never be spent.   Finally, No. 5, this amendment has no chance of becoming law--zero  chance. It shouldn't pass this Chamber to begin with, but even if that  were to happen, President Trump issued a veto threat just minutes ago.  The House of Representatives is not going to pass this bill. They  probably will not even take it up, as they didn't take it up the last  time the Senate passed a terrible immigration bill.   My friends, this Democratic bill deserves to be roundly defeated.   There is one bill that has a chance to pass the House of  Representatives and get the President's signature; that is, the  President's framework proposal, which, in a very generous and humane  fashion, gives citizenship--not just legal status but citizenship--to  1.8 million young people who were brought here or came here before the  age of accountability.   On the other hand, it mitigates the negative consequences of that  decision, which we all know will happen.   First, to control the increased incentives for illegal immigration,  it provides the money and closes the loopholes necessary to secure our  southern border.   Second, to prevent that newly legalized class of citizens from  sponsoring the very parents who created this problem in the first place  and their siblings and ultimately their grandparents, their aunts and  uncles, cousins, and their nieces and nephews, it ends the practice of  extended family chain migration and says that American citizens can  always sponsor their spouses and their minor kids, but anyone else, any  other adult, should stand on their own two feet if they want to  immigrate to this country.   That is what the President said he will sign. That is, therefore,  what the House of Representatives can pass. That is the bill that  should pass today--the bill that is sponsored by Chairman Grassley of  the Judiciary Committee.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I know there is some dispute about the  name of this amendment, so let's just call it the ``olly olly oxen  free'' amendment because it says to the entire world: If you can get to  our country in the next 4 months, olly olly oxen free--you can stay  forever.   That is right. This bill directs the Department of Homeland Security  not to prioritize enforcement action not only against illegal  immigrants here today but anyone who gets here over the next 4 months.   Second, it is an amnesty that is far broader than the DACA Program-- not 700,000, not 1.8 million, but over 3 million people.   Third, it is even worse than that because it includes their parents  as well. The bill purports to prohibit parents from being legalized,  but it requires the Federal Government to show that the parents did not  knowingly assist the entry of a minor into this country. How can the  government show that 15, 20, 25 years later? And to say nothing of the  fact that it puts onerous conditions on the spending of any money for  security. It does virtually nothing for chain migration and nothing at  all to the diversity lottery. That is why President Trump has issued a  veto threat, and that is why every one of my colleagues should vote no.   