 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, we currently have over $1.4  trillion in student debt, a burden that too many carry with them well  after their time on campus, delaying critical milestones, such as  buying a house or starting a family.   At the core of this problem is insufficient financial literacy at the  time of borrowing, things like understanding that the amount you will  have to pay back is going to be greater than the loan you took out, the  magic of compound interest; learning how to budget for typical  educational expenses and recognizing that paying loans back faster, not  just hitting the minimum amount due, will make the loan less expensive.   When borrowers do not receive this critical information up front,  they are prone to over-borrowing and inefficient repayment, costing our  students, families, and taxpayers far more than it should for access to  a great higher education.   So I applaud Representative Guthrie and Representative Bonamici for  their hard work as this underlying legislation is an essential step  towards enhancing financial awareness and empowering smart decisions.   While right now only about half of all students even remember  receiving the limited counseling they did receive, this bill ensures  students will receive comprehensive counseling each year and before  they agree to take out the loans.   For the first time, low-income students receiving Pell grants will be  included in the counseling, allowing them to maximize this opportunity  for education vouchers.   My amendment builds on the power of this legislation and is  specifically aimed at parents who want to provide the best education  for their child and must navigate the confusing maze of student aid  options currently on the books.   With my amendment, parents will be notified that their child may  qualify for and should consider scholarships, grants, and Federal  workstudy jobs prior to taking out any PLUS loans. These debt-free  alternatives to borrowing exist, yet lack of awareness can lead to a  costly missed opportunity.   A workstudy program provides not only a source of income to cover the  costs of college, but it can be a powerful educational experience and a  complement to learning that takes place in the classroom.   Additionally, my amendment ensures parent borrowers are aware that  they can start paying off the loan while their child is still in school  and can pay interest on the loan while it is in deferment.   Student loan programs should encourage a quick and responsible path  towards becoming debt-free and not incentivize borrowers to pay back as  slowly as possible.   My amendment in this legislation will equip students and families  with greater financial awareness around the true cost of paying back  their loans, protecting them from over-borrowing and improving loan  repayment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague as well  for supporting this amendment.   As students return to their classrooms this fall, parents across the  country are wondering how they can provide the best opportunities to  their children.   Financing a higher education is one of the biggest financial  decisions a family will make. It is essential they are equipped with  the right information and meaningful counseling before they make this  decision.   My amendment ensures parents are able to consider all the options to  pay for their student's education before they decide to take out a PLUS  loan.  [[Page H7859]]    With the right information, a great workstudy job, scholarship, or  grant program will not be left on the table when parents make certain  those decisions to go into debt are responsible ones.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and the  underlying legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.   