 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 1850) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 907 Fourth Avenue in Lake  Odessa, Michigan, as the ``Donna Sauers Besko Post Office'', and ask  for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (H.R. 4407) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 3s101 Rockwell Street in  Warrenville, Illinois, as the ``Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams Post  Office Building'', with the Senate amendments thereto, and concur in  the Senate amendments.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 5205) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 701 6th Street in Hawthorne,  Nevada, as the ``Sergeant Kenneth Eric Bostic Post Office'', and ask  for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 5475) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 108 North Macon Street in  Bevier, Missouri, as  [[Page H10081]]  the ``SO2 Navy SEAL Adam Olin Smith Post Office'', and ask for its  immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 6059) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 51 Willow Street in Lynn,  Massachusetts, as the ``Thomas P. Costin, Jr. Post Office Building'',  and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 6167) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 5707 South Cass Avenue in  Westmont, Illinois, as the ``James William Robinson Jr. Memorial Post  Office Building'', and ask for its immediate consideration in the  House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 6335) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 322 Main Street in Oakville,  Connecticut, as the ``Veterans Memorial Post Office'', and ask for its  immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 6930) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 10 Miller Street in  Plattsburgh, New York, as the ``Ross Bouyea Post Office Building'', and  ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (S. 3209) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 413 Washington Avenue in  Belleville, New Jersey, as the ``Private Henry Svehla Post  [[Page H10082]]  Office Building'', and ask for its immediate consideration in the  House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (S. 3237) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 120 12th Street Lobby in  Columbus, Georgia, as the ``Richard W. Williams, Jr., Chapter of the  Triple Nickles (555th P.I.A.) Post Office'', and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 7230) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 226 West Main Street in Lake  City, South Carolina, as the ``Postmaster Frazier B. Baker Post  Office'', and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 7243) to amend Public Law 115-217 to  change the address of the postal facility designated by such Public Law  in honor of Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe, and for other  purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of House Resolution 1172, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the resolution.   