 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership,  and I thank Congressman McHenry, also.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to just, regretfully, say that this ruling,  Madden v. Midland, is just another layer of Big Brother, a misguided  ruling by some people of good intentions and goodwill, but the net  effect is fewer choices for the American people.   Mr. Speaker, I think we have seen what has happened as a result of  Dodd-Frank. We saw what happened to the American economy. We saw what  happened to the American consumers.   Mr. Speaker, regrettably, it is the low-income, minority people who  have suffered the most in the last decade as a result of the misguided  regulations that were put upon the American people. Big Brother really  doesn't have the answers.   What we do have is the opportunity to provide choices for the  American people, and that is what H.R. 3299 is all about.   Mr. Speaker, in North Carolina, we have lost 50 percent of our banks  because of this misguided regulatory overmanagement by the Federal  Government. There is less access to capital and credit for small  business. There is less access to capital for that individual who has a  real need. Maybe they want to start something, or maybe they have an  emergency in their family.   This is what this bill is all about, and we need to be behind it. We  need to support it. We need to understand that the American people know  how to make good choices. We need to trust the American people and not  trust Big Brother and the Big Government.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   I would like to remind Mr. Pittenger that his State, North Carolina,  again, along with Mr. McHenry, attorneys general have opposed this  bill. They do not like this bill, and I just want to remind them that  they don't have the support of their States in doing so.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs.  Carolyn B. Maloney), the ranking member of the Capital Markets,  Securities, and Investments Subcommittee on the Financial Services  Committee.   Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking  member for yielding and for her extraordinary efforts to protect  consumers by opposing this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong opposition to H.R. 3299. I don't  think that we should be doing anything to take away States' authority  to enforce their own usury laws, which make it illegal for lenders to  charge outrageously high interest rates on their residents.   This is a core consumer protection issue, and if we allow lenders  that aren't subject to the strict Federal regulations for banks to  circumvent State regulations too, then we are just throwing consumers  to the wolves, removing protections.   I know that some people have claimed that this bill would promote  innovation by allowing financial technology companies to better serve  lower income customers; but let's be clear. The only loans that would  be allowed by this bill that aren't already allowed are loans that  violate State usury laws that are put in place in States to protect  their consumers. Why in the world would we want to do that to people?   I am sorry, but there is nothing innovative about usury, and there is  nothing innovative about gouging low-income consumers with outrageous  interest rates. This is a terrible, terrible bill.   So this bill is not about innovation. It is about taking away  protections for consumers from predatory loans. Why in the world would  we want to do that to people?   I urge my colleagues, I urge them to protect consumers and to oppose  this bill.   