 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support  this legislation, H.R. 3642, the Military Sexual Assault Victims  Empowerment Act, also known as the Military SAVE Act, which would help  the Department of Veterans Affairs identify deficiencies and  vulnerabilities in their care for survivors of military sexual trauma  and take corrective actions to improve those services.   According to the findings of the Department of Veterans Affairs'  National Screening Program, 1 in 4 women and 1 in 100 men reported that  they have been victims of military sexual assault during their time  serving in the military. This problem was made personal to me by a  group of women in the Sixth Congressional District of Kentucky, led by  MST survivor Karen Tufts. Sadly, due in part to this emotional stress,  two of these women have since committed suicide.   To the ranking member's concern about quality of care, the problem  with some of these women was that they were revictimized at the VA. In  fact, according to an independent nationwide study, research has found  that female victims of MST are 14 times more likely to commit suicide  than women who have never been assaulted, so we are all about improving  the care of these women.   And while Congress has recently taken several actions to better  protect survivors of MST within the military justice system, many  survivors have expressed concern that services available within the VA  healthcare system are insufficient to address their specific post-MST  needs. That is exactly why we have been working closely with the House  Committee on Veterans' Affairs, veteran service organizations, as well,  and my VA Pilot Program Development Task Force to improve medical care  for survivors of MST in order to help those survivors get the care that  best fits their unique physical and psychological needs.   Specifically, this legislation would allow survivors the ability to  seek treatment, specifically tailored to their MST injuries, by a  community care provider of their choice during a 3-year pilot program.  This pilot program would study the results that direct access care  provides that the VA does not and would help the VA take the necessary  corrective actions to improve its care for survivors of MST.   In fact, our experience is that just the introduction of this  legislation has focused the mind at the VA to improve the care that the  VA provides. As I mentioned before, I did not create this legislation  alone. It has been through the dedicated support and trusted advice of  MST survivors who are members of our Pilot Program Development Task  Force, and I thank them for their contributions, including former  commissioner of the Kentucky Department of Veterans Affairs, Heather  French Henry.   In conclusion, I would like to especially thank Chairman Roe and his  staff for their hard work in support of this legislation and for his  longstanding leadership on veterans issue. Chairman Roe truly cares  about improving the lives of veterans, and this legislation is a  testament to that devotion.   