 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the Financial  Services and General Government appropriations bill for 2019. As  chairman of the subcommittee, I have really enjoyed working with the  ranking member, Senator Coons, and all of the members of the  Appropriations Committee.   However, for many Members of this Chamber who are not on the  Appropriations Committee, today will be their first close look at an  appropriations bill from our subcommittee. It has been months in  process, with many oversight hearings, a lot of debate, a lot of  amendments, a lot of back and forth with a tremendous amount of input  from Members of this body, and it is finally actually on the floor.   It has been nearly 7 years since the Financial Services and General  Government appropriations bill has actually been considered on the  Senate floor. In November of 2011, the Senate began consideration of  the combined appropriations package for Energy and Water, Financial  Services, and State and Foreign Operations. Unfortunately, the floor  consideration of that bill was halted shortly after it began, and  Members were not able to offer amendments or have their voices heard.  We are looking forward to that changing today.   This week's debate will subject the Financial Services and General  Government appropriations bill to public scrutiny and an open amendment  process on the Senate floor for the first time since the subcommittee  was established in 2007. It is too long in coming. I applaud the  leadership of Chairman Shelby and Ranking Member Leahy, who were  determined to see the committee return to regular order.   A little bit of sunshine will help us in this process. I am a firm  believer that openness and transparency result in a better legislative  product. It is my hope that today starts a trend where the  appropriations bills that are seldom seen outside the committee, such  as the Financial Services and Interior appropriations bills, can be  debated openly and amended on the Senate floor.   We have made a concerted effort to make responsible decisions in  allocating resources and to be responsive  [[Page S5236]]  to the requests we have received from Members of both sides of the  aisle, and we welcome continued input and proposed amendments from  other Members.   This Financial Services and General Government bill totals  $23,688,000,000. It includes funding for a diverse group of 27  different independent agencies. It includes the Executive Office of the  President, the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Judiciary, and  the District of Columbia. The bill does not include any budget gimmicks  or empty CHIMPS, or changes in mandatory program spending, which are  often used as a gimmick by appropriations. It does not include those.   The bill provides targeted funding increases for the Treasury  Department to combat terrorism financing, for the Federal courts to  support their administration of justice, and for the GSA's Federal  Buildings Fund, including the acquisition of the headquarters building  for the Department of Transportation, rather than continuing to pay  $49.4 million in annual rental payments for a building that is their  headquarters. We will move back to actually owning that building to  save the taxpayers that money.   This bill also fully funds GSA's request for basic repairs and major  repairs. Basic and major repairs are not glamorous appropriations  accounts, but they are exceptionally important to maintain and protect  the taxpayers' dollars.   The bill also makes critical investments in our Nation's financial  markets, by providing targeted increases for the Securities and  Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.   After years of flat funding for the CFTC, or the Commodity Futures  Trading Commission, including a $1 million cut last year, this bill  provides an increase to the CFTC in recognition of their critical role  overseeing our swaps, futures, and options markets. Support for the  CFTC was a priority for a number of Senators in this Chamber on both  sides of the aisle, and I am pleased that we were able to accommodate  it this year.   The bill provides $11.26 billion to the Internal Revenue Service for  the administration of our Nation's tax laws. Of this amount, $77  million is dedicated to implementing the new Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.  That bill has been enormously successful in helping to turn around our  economy, wherein our GDP growth has grown exponentially over the last  year. Yet we have to fully implement that bill, and the additional $77  million is dedicated to that.   Aside from tax reform, we are able to provide an increase of $75  million in base funding for the IRS. This increase to the Operations  Support account over the fiscal year 2018 enacted level will provide  for investments in information technology infrastructure to reduce  reliance on legacy systems. The total amount for the IRS includes $2.5  billion for Taxpayer Services and $4.86 billion for Enforcement.   We have two critical goals for the IRS--improving taxpayers' access  to quality customer service and addressing the tax gap, which is the  amount owed but actually not paid.   The IRS needs help in the customer service area. It has asked for  additional funding, and we have asked it for additional focus on  customer service. We have given that this time. We have also asked the  IRS to deal with the tax gap, which are taxes owed that individuals do  not pay. This is not a change in tax law; it is enforcing existing tax  law. Our current tax gap is right at $400 billion a year. Addressing  this tax gap is critical to reducing the deficit and restoring our  Nation's fiscal health.   The bill prioritizes the Federal Government's response to the opioid  crisis. Our bill keeps our Nation's focus on the High Intensity Drug  Trafficking Areas Program, with there being $280 million allocated, and  on the Drug-Free Communities Program, with there being $99 million  allocated through the Office of National Drug Control Policy.   The bill provides a funding increase to the U.S. Postal Service  Inspector General to address the growing concern of narcotics  trafficking through the mail system. We have to pay attention to that.  The bill includes $2 million in new funding for the Council of the  Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency for improvements to the  website oversight.gov. If folks have not already gone to oversight.gov  to see the work of our inspectors general, I would encourage them to do  that if they need some additional help. Their work needs to be  highlighted, and we need to actually implement those recommendations.   IGs are on the frontlines of efforts to reduce waste, fraud, and  abuse in the Federal Government, and their recommendations produce  billions of dollars in cost savings. We need to actually see those cost  savings and implement them. Oversight.gov has improved the  accessibility and prominence of their work, and I am confident this  effort will produce even greater savings in the future by maintaining a  database of open IG recommendations at oversight.gov.   Again, I thank my friend Senator Coons and express my appreciation  for the way he and his staff have worked with us this year.   As this bill moves forward, I look forward to hearing from all of our  colleagues about how we can further address their priorities through  the amendment process. We look forward to doing something historic--of  actually passing an FSGG bill on the floor of the Senate and of working  through this process in an open and transparent way.   I yield the floor.   