 I thank the Presiding Officer.   Mr. President, 1 year ago today, the Senate Judiciary Committee  opened its hearing on the nomination of Supreme Court Justice Neil  Gorsuch. The Stanford Law & Policy Review has now published my article  on one of the opposition's arguments made in that hearing and sure to  be repeated should President Trump have the opportunity to make another  Supreme Court nomination.   Today, I want to look at the lower courts because no fewer than 138  positions on the Federal district and appeals courts are vacant. That  does not include 33 vacancies that we already know will occur in the  next year or so. Everyone must understand both the seriousness and the  cause of this crisis.   By itself, 138 is just a number. It is a big number, but it needs a  frame of reference or a standard for us to know whether this number of  judicial vacancies is normal or a serious problem that has to be  addressed. I certainly don't want to be accused of partisanship, so I  will rely solely on the standards and criteria used in the past by my  Democratic colleagues. Let's first use some Democratic standards to  evaluate the number of judicial vacancies that we face today.   One standard is that the Democrats have specifically identified how  many vacancies are unacceptable. In February 2000, with a Democrat in  the White House, the Democrats said that 79 vacancies were ``too  high.'' In September 2012, with the Democrats both in the White House  and controlling the Senate, they declared a ``judicial vacancy crisis''  when there were 78 vacancies.   If 78 vacancies is a crisis, what is the label for 138 vacancies?  This is the highest judicial vacancy total since September 1991, but  more than half of those vacancies were fresh from Congress's having  created new judgeships several months earlier. So I think it is fair to  say that in either total or percentage terms, we face today the most  serious judicial vacancy crisis that anyone in this body has ever seen.   A second Democratic vacancy standard is that, as they did in April  2014, we can compare judicial vacancies today with vacancies at the  same point under previous Presidents. If that Democratic standard is  valid, vacancies today are 35 percent higher than at this point under  President Obama and 46 percent higher than at this point under  President George W. Bush.   There is a third Democratic vacancy standard. In June 2013 and at  least as far back as April 1999, the Democrats have complained that the  Senate was not confirming enough judicial nominees to keep up with  normal attrition. Well, judicial vacancies today are 30 percent higher  than when President Trump took office, and, as I said, at least 33 more  have already been announced.   Finally, the Democrats have frequently said that the 107th Congress-- the first 2 years of the George W. Bush administration--should be our  judicial confirmation benchmark. During that time, the Senate confirmed  an average of just over four judicial nominees per month. The Senate  has so far confirmed 28 of President Trump's district and appeals court  nominees or fewer than two per month.   Take your pick. By any or all of these Democratic standards, we face  a much more serious judicial vacancy crisis than in years past. In  addition to the gravity of this crisis, however, the American people  need to know its cause. I can tell you what is not causing this vacancy  crisis. President Trump started making nominations to the Federal  district and appeals courts on March 21, 2017, just 61 days after  taking office, as you can see on this chart. By August of last year, he  had made more than three times as many judicial nominations as the  average for his five predecessors of both parties. President Trump has  nominated 86 men and women to the Federal bench since he took office 14  months ago.   If the President is making so many nominations, perhaps the problem  lies somewhere in the Senate confirmation process. Once again, my  Democratic colleagues can help figure this out. In November 2013, then- Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy spoke about obstructing  judicial nominees ``in other ways that the public is less aware.'' The  Democrats are using such below-the-public-radar obstruction tactics at  each stage of the confirmation process.   The first stop in the confirmation process is the Senate Judiciary  Committee. Under Chairman Chuck Grassley's leadership, the committee  has held a hearing for 62 of President Trump's judicial nominees--more  than under any of the previous five Presidents at this point. So that  is clearly not the problem. The first sign of Democratic obstruction is  the unwarranted and partisan opposition to reporting judicial  nominations from the Judiciary Committee.    In February 2012, 3 years into the Obama administration, the  Democrats complained that five nominees to the U.S. district court had  been reported by the Judiciary Committee on a party-line vote. This,  they said, departed dramatically from Senate tradition. Today, just 14  months into the Trump administration, eight nominees to the U.S.  district court have been reported by the Judiciary Committee on a  party-line vote. The present rate of such party-line votes in the  Judiciary Committee is more than four times what the Democrats  criticized just a few years ago.   The below-the-radar obstruction tactics continue when the Judiciary  Committee sends judicial nominees to the full Senate. The Democrats,  for example, refuse to cooperate in scheduling confirmation votes. They  can't prevent confirmation votes altogether because they abolished  nomination filibusters in 2013, but if they can't make judicial  confirmations impossible, they are determined to make them very  difficult. Here is how they do it.   The Senate must end debate on a nomination before it can vote on  confirmation. The majority and minority have traditionally cooperated  to end debate and set up confirmation votes. In March 2014, not for the  first time, the Democrats said that refusing consent to schedule votes  on pending nominees was obstruction. When the minority refuses that  consent, the only way to end debate and set up a confirmation vote is  by the formal cloture  [[Page S1814]]  process, which requires a cloture vote and can add up to several days  to the confirmation timeline, as seen here.   Since President Trump took office, the Democrats have forced the  Senate to take 28 cloture votes on judicial nominations, compared to  just two cloture votes at this point under the previous five Presidents  combined. Even when cloture is invoked, Senate rules provide for up to  30 hours of debate before a confirmation vote can occur. Nearly half  the time under President Obama, a judicial nomination cloture vote was  followed by a confirmation vote on the same day. Under President Trump,  that has plummeted to 17 percent. The average time between cloture and  confirmation votes for President Trump's judicial nominations is more  than 55 percent longer than it was under President Obama.   When a judicial nomination gets out of the Judiciary Committee,  survives an unnecessary cloture vote, and then is subjected to  postcloture delay, Democratic obstruction is still not over. In March  2012, the Democrats complained about Senators having voted against  nominees to the U.S. district court who were supported by their own two  Senators. In fact, the Democrats called this a new standard of  obstruction because it departed so far from Senate tradition.   OK. Let's assume for the moment that this Democratic standard is also  valid. At this point in the previous five Presidencies--from President  Reagan to President Obama--U.S. district court nominees had received a  combined total of 10 negative votes. So far, under President Trump, his  confirmed district court nominees have received 72 negative votes.   Two weeks ago, the Pew Research Center released a new analysis  showing that President Trump's confirmed judges have ``faced a record  amount of opposition.'' In fact, this analysis concluded that President  Trump's judges have each received an average of more than 22 negative  votes, ``by far the highest average for any president's judges since  the Senate expanded to its current 100 members in 1959.'' This level of  opposition is more than four times what it was under President Obama-- or should I say oppositional delay.   These tactics don't involve high-profile filibusters or headline- grabbing confirmation defeats but, rather, internal Senate rules and  unwritten traditions. That is why they operate below the radar. Yet the  Democrats have criticized these tactics precisely because they take  their toll. Individually and especially in combination, they can add  days and weeks to the time it takes to confirm a single judicial  nomination even when the final confirmation vote is unanimous.   In November 2013, for example, the Democrats said that taking cloture  votes on unopposed nominees amounted to ``obstruction and abuse of  Senate rules.'' At that point, almost 4 years into the Obama  administration, the Senate had taken one cloture vote on a judicial  nominee who was later confirmed without opposition--just one. We are  only 14 months into the Trump administration, and the Democrats have  already forced the Senate to take five cloture votes on nominees who  were later unanimously confirmed. It has already happened twice this  month. If doing this once amounted to obstruction and abuse, what would  my Democratic colleagues call doing it five times as often in one- fourth the time?   These are just a few of what then-Chairman Leahy called obstruction  tactics that the public may not be aware of. Believe me. There is more  where these came from. As I said, I want to avoid partisanship. Each of  these is a Democratic standard. These are Democratic criteria. If my  colleagues who once thought these were valid standards want to abandon  them now, then perhaps they were also wrong the first time around.  Otherwise, we have to face the conclusions that follow from applying  these Democratic standards and criteria.   We face an unprecedented judicial vacancy crisis. Since President  Trump is making nominations and the Judiciary Committee, under Chairman  Grassley's leadership, is steadily processing them, there remains only  one explanation for the vacancy crisis we face today--plain, old- fashioned, partisan obstruction. The Democrats are manipulating this  process at every stage, using the very tactics that they have loudly  condemned in the past to make confirmations as difficult and time- consuming as possible.   Even in politics, actions speak louder than words. In July 2012, when  there were 76 judicial vacancies, Chairman Leahy said that ``we should  be doing better.'' Today, with nearly twice as many vacancies, I  challenge my Democratic colleagues to put actions to those words.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   