 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak in honor, in  memory, of our colleague Senator John Sidney McCain III. I asked myself  a series of questions as I was trying to prepare for today's comments.   First, who was he? Who was John McCain? John was a man deeply in love  with his country and its promise, a man optimistic that tomorrow would  be better than today, and a man grateful for the chance to serve a  cause greater than himself. His humor was rooted in that hopefulness,  the sometimes sharp sting of his words in debate rooted in his passion  for his cause and his love of the fight, and his restlessness rooted in  impatience to get on with it, to get busy defending liberty or making a  difference in the world to help soften the burdens of millions not yet  free. John was both a romantic and a cynic, as some of have said, in  love with and passionate about the causes he fought for, yet clear-eyed  about the long odds he often faced in a world hostile to our ideals.   In trying to summarize John, just reviewing a few of his titles  barely captures the sweep and complexity of this man--naval aviator,  POW, captain, Congressman, Senator, chairman of the Commerce Committee,  chairman of the Armed Services Committee, Presidential nominee of his  party, statesman, hero.   John also treasured, deeply, two titles rarely mentioned here-- husband and father. He clearly loved his family and was every bit as  privately passionate about them as he was publicly passionate about the  causes he fought for here and around the world.   To Cindy and to all of John's family, thank you so much for sharing  him with us, for sustaining him in his service over 60 years of his  remarkable service to our Nation.   I was so honored to get to know John first as a colleague and then as  a traveling companion and mentor and, in recent years, to be able to  count him as a friend. We didn't always agree, or even often agree, on  a very wide range of policy and political issues. On one thing in  particular, I deeply admired and followed his lead as best I could.  John was convinced what makes America great, what has always made  America great, is its values, its principles; that we stand for  something in the world, not the example of our power but the power of  our example; that only when we fight for those values, when we fight  for the values that define us apart from other powerful nations--for  human rights, for freedom of speech and religious expression, for a  free press, an independent judiciary, open and fair elections, for the  very foundations of democracy as guarantors of human liberty--only then  do we best use our power to act in the world.   What impact did John McCain have on those of us in the Senate and on  our country? John commanded this Chamber when he spoke like few others  I have ever known, and he commanded it precisely because he called us  to our better selves, to put down the tools of petty partisanship so  often on display here and to work together to fashion better solutions  to the problems of our day.   It was a great honor to be his cosponsor on his last immigration  reform bill earlier this year--a bill which offered not partisan  promises but a way forward to fix our immigration system, which has,  for far too long, been badly broken.   Indeed, from immigration to healthcare, national security to foreign  relations, John challenged us, pushed us to act in ways more worthy of  this place and its history as the greatest deliberative body on Earth,  as a full equal to the Executive, our President, as a group elected and  empowered over longer terms to know each other, to respect each other,  and engage with each other in the real and hard and good work of  advancing America's values at home and abroad.   What impact did John McCain have on me, the junior Senator from  Delaware? First, my predecessor, former Senator and Vice President Joe  Biden, let me know, from my first day here, that John was a treasure  and a challenge and that I would, in serving alongside him, have a  unique opportunity to learn from someone whose scope of experience was,  in many ways, unmatched among our current Senate colleagues.   I had the honor of traveling with John, of seeing him at his absolute  best, of seeing him show compassion for Syrian refugees at a camp in  Jordan, hearing him confront corrupt foreign leaders and encourage our  men and women in harm's way, and, most memorably, visiting Vietnam to  see the genuine warmth with which the Vietnamese people and their  leaders regarded him.   I first encountered John overseas on my first codel, or congressional  delegation trip, just a few months into my first term, early in 2011. I  was traveling with Senators Manchin, Corker, and Sanders, and we had  visited Pakistan, Afghanistan, Jordan, and Israel. It was quite a group  and a memorable trip at a time of great conflict, particularly in  Afghanistan and Pakistan. It was our last day in Israel before  returning home. I spotted former Senator Joe Lieberman of Connecticut  at dinner at the David Citadel Hotel, and he waved me over. He and  McCain had just finished a long dinner, and Lieberman asked me to sit  down and talk about our trip, our experiences, and recent developments  in Pakistan and Afghanistan.   McCain barely acknowledged my presence with a gruff grunt and seemed  genuinely distracted and even annoyed as I was answering Joe  Lieberman's questions, McCain looking around the room and barely paying  any attention. After 10 minutes, John snapped to and asked me three  pointed and challenging questions, testing my observations and my  conclusions. Rattled and intimidated, I defended as best I could my  insights before his withering questioning. McCain grunted and stormed  off, and in the silence of his wake he left behind him, Joe Lieberman  leaned over and said: I think he really likes you.   I said: How can you tell?   To which Lieberman responded: He wouldn't have bothered asking you  those questions or waiting for your answers if he didn't think you had  something to say.   There followed invitations to travel, which I accepted less often  than I should have, but three trips were especially memorable. While  visiting a refugee camp in Jordan where hundreds of Syrians had  literally just arrived, fleeing the butchery of Assad's troops, John  wept with compassion for women who recounted their husbands being  murdered before them and their children being taken from them. John  promised to fight for them and their cause relentlessly, and he did.    Just after inauguration last year at the North Atlantic Regional  Security Conference in Halifax, Canada, I got to see John command  respect across the board from political and military leaders from a  dozen countries, and I heard as leaders from allies and partners across  Europe--from the Baltics to the Balkins--pressed him for reassurance  that we would keep our commitments, defend our values, and stand by  their young democracies in the face of Russian aggression.   During that trip, too, Senator McCain, once again, reiterated his  principled, unequivocal stand against the use of torture. His  unwavering commitment on that issue at that critical time was just one  of the many ways John nudged us ever closer to our ideals.   Finally, on an unforgettable trip to Vietnam just last June, I got to  visit the Hanoi Hilton with John to hear his indescribable description  of the deep deprivations of his long captivity and torture and then got  to see in person  [[Page S5968]]  the high regard the people and leaders of Vietnam had for him as a  warrior and a peacemaker, a statesman, and healer of the wounds of that  war.   We admired John for all these things, but working with him in the  Senate, traveling with him, many of us got to know him as not just a  war hero and statesman but a colleague, even a friend. John's temper  was quick and fierce. On more than one occasion, I swear he peeled the  paint off the wall behind me with a fiery stream of profanity-laced  invective, but he also, more often than not, later apologized, came  around, listened, even considered. He was that breed of Senator--too  rare today--who knew how to fight passionately, yet not make it  personal; whom I could respect, even when I thought he was deeply  wrong; who pushed me relentlessly to defend and explain my own  positions and votes.   He showed unusual kindness to my children, my father and stepmother  when they visited, and I was struck by the delight John took in  visiting with schoolchildren and seniors, with people of all kinds of  backgrounds when they visited this Capitol he loved.   He also took wicked delight in teasing, and testing and working with  journalists, always letting them in on the joke or giving them a heads- up when good trouble was brewing.   Most importantly, Senator John McCain was genuinely humble, not the  false modesty of a popular politician who knows he should feign  indifference to the cheers of a crowd. No, John's humility was real, a  demonstrated humility of one who knows he is a flawed and fallen human,  as are we all, and then sets about being open and accountable for his  shortcomings.   John, remarkably, for a modern politician, wrote and spoke about and  acted on the ways in which he fell short. In an excellent recent HBO  biography of him, ``For Whom the Bell Tolls,'' McCain subjected himself  to accountability for chapters in his life I am certain he would have  rather left forgotten in history.   In talking about the 2000 Presidential primaries, rather than simply  blaming his opponents and their dirty tricks for his loss, John took  responsibility for his failure to stand up in South Carolina against  the practice of flying the Confederate flag over their State capitol.   John, even more strikingly, directly addressed his association with  the Keating Five scandal. John McCain was cleared, but he viewed that  scandal as part of the larger and growing problem of campaign finance  that has threatened the ethics of all who serve here. Rather than  moving past it, he owned it and acted on it, angering leaders in both  parties by working relentlessly with Senator Feingold until they passed  the McCain-Feingold campaign finance reform bill.   John also used his hardest personal experience to make some of his  most important contributions. Having himself survived imprisonment and  torture at the hands of his Vietnamese captors, Captain McCain could  easily have returned home after those 5\1/2\ harrowing years in  captivity to serve out his time and retire in comfort. Instead, he  continued his cause of serving our Nation and, while here, worked  tirelessly to champion those unjustly imprisoned around the world.  Dissidents and activists who spoke up for freedom and against dictators  knew no more dedicated friend than Senator McCain, and we on the Senate  Human Rights Caucus intend to carry forward that work.   After 9/11, when our own country was engaged in enhanced  interrogation techniques that could only be called torture, Senator  McCain was irate and insisted we end a practice he knew was both of  limited value and that demeans both tortured and torturer.    John's passion on this point wasn't just the pain of one who had  experienced it himself, it was the pain of someone who loved his  country and felt deeply the shame of episodes like Abu Ghraib and then  worked to address them.   What will it mean to have Senator McCain no longer here with us? My  fear and concern is, we will not soon see another Member of John's  stature join us, a stature John earned over decades of service and a  demonstrated willingness to put country over party and cause over self.   Senator McCain earned his ``Maverick'' title. It would serve all of  us well to remember that even as his principled stands cost him the  support of many in his party and even home State, he won the accolades  of many more here and millions abroad who were delighted to see someone  willing to risk reaching across the aisle and around the world from  those hoping we will continue to fight for the values that best define  America.   What should we do? What should we do to honor the memory and legacy  of Senator McCain? First, fight the dreaded disease that took him from  us, as it did my dear friend Beau Biden, beloved son of my predecessor  Joe--Beau was taken too young--and Senator Ted Kennedy, another great  lion of this Senate who was lost at a time he was needed most. Brain  cancer has robbed us of our best and brightest, and we must work harder  to cure and end this disease.   As has been proposed, I believe we should rename the great Senate  building in which John served for decades, that we might keep his  memory alive for future generations.   I also think we should strengthen and invest in national service, an  expectation that all young Americans will serve their country in some  way, military or civilian, which will take effort and investment, but  service as a young man helped John fall in love with our Nation. At a  time of great division, I can think of nothing greater to remind us of  the spirit of service in which John lived his life than to make it  possible for the hundreds of thousands of young Americans who want to  serve--whether in Teach For America or Habitat for Humanity, the Peace  Corps or our military--by expanding those opportunities for them to  learn skills, commit themselves to our community and country, and earn  tuition funds for college through service.   We must stay engaged internationally and lead by the power of our  example. John would say this requires us to advance not just America's  cherished values, but our interests--to stand against authoritarian  leaders from Russia, China, North Korea, and Iran, and to stand with  our democratic partners and allies like those in NATO.   Last, we have to continue in John's spirit of working across the  aisle. I was struck, while hearing his remarkable speech in  Philadelphia at the National Constitution Center, where my predecessor,  Vice President Biden, spoke movingly in introducing him, and Senator  McCain's acceptance of that award. It should be mandatory viewing at  every high school in America. It was clear these two men, who served  decades alongside each other, genuinely knew each other, knew each  other's families, knew each other's values, respected each other, even  though they rarely, if ever, agreed. We must do that too.   We have to demonstrate that we can work together and, like John, be  cheerful and grateful in our service.   I caught my breath as I walked into this Chamber yesterday, seeing  John's desk draped in black velvet and with white flowers rather than  seeing his remarkable stature, hearing his punctuated speech and his  dramatic call to action that so often rang through this space.   John, I will not soon meet another man like you, and I only hope to  someday deserve the friendship you extended to a young and  inexperienced Senator and to follow your example of genuine humility,  dedication, and passion in tirelessly serving the greatest Nation on  Earth and the best hope for freedom in our world.   Rest well, dear friend. May God Himself hold you in the palm of His  hand and give peace to you and your family.   I yield the floor.   