 Mr. President, today I have submitted a motion to instruct  conferees on the National Defense Authorization Act regarding the  critical importance of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization for the  security of the United States, for our protection. I join my colleagues  this afternoon in support of the motion, which sends an important  message to our allies, our partners, and our adversaries that the  United States is unwavering in its support of Europe--a Europe free  from the threat of external aggression--and in support of the rules- based international order that has promoted international security for  decades.   The motion to instruct provides important guidance at this critical  juncture before the NATO summit in Brussels and the U.S.-Russia summit  in Helsinki. The motion instructs the Senate conferees on the National  Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 to ensure that the final  conference report on the NDAA reaffirms the ironclad U.S. commitment  under article 5 to the collective defense of the alliance. It reaffirms  the U.S. commitment to NATO as a community of shared values, including  liberty, human rights, democracy, and the rule of law.   The motion also calls for the United States to pursue an integrated  approach to strengthen European defense as part of a long-term strategy  that uses all elements of U.S. national power to deter and, if  necessary, to defeat Russian aggression.   It also calls on the Trump administration to urgently complete a  comprehensive, whole-of-government strategy to counter Russian malign  influence activities, as required by last year's National Defense  Authorization Act, and to submit that strategy to Congress without  delay. We are still  [[Page S4864]]  awaiting--for over a year now--this strategy.   Finally, the motion reiterates U.S. support for the rules-based  international order and for expanding and enhancing our alliances and  partnerships, which are some of our greatest security advantages.   No one should ever doubt the U.S. resolve in meeting its commitments  to the mutual defense of the NATO alliance. Unfortunately, this motion  has become necessary because some of our closest allies have come to  question the U.S. commitment to collective self-defense. President  Trump has at times called the alliance ``obsolete'' and has denigrated  NATO as being ``as bad as NAFTA,'' which he strongly opposes. Our  allies are starting to wonder whether they can rely on the United  States to come to their defense in a crisis. Recently, German Foreign  Minister Maas said the ``world order that we once knew . . . no longer  exists.'' He added that ``old pillars of reliability are crumbling''  and that ``alliances dating back decades are being challenged in the  time it takes to write a tweet.''   To make matters worse, the administration's eagerly scheduled summit  meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin, on the heels of the NATO  summit in Brussels, only adds to fears that President Trump does not  share the security concerns of our European allies and partners.  Instead of concentrating on rebuilding alliance cohesion and unity  after his divisive diplomacy at the G7 meeting in Canada, President  Trump appears intent on orchestrating another photo op with an  authoritarian ruler who oppresses his people and threatens the security  of the United States, its allies, and partners--this time in the person  of President Putin.   Meeting with Putin now is, in my view, ill-advised, and President  Trump appears to be ill-informed about the threat Russia poses to the  security of the United States and that of our allies and partners. The  National Defense Strategy, which this administration authored and  promoted, refocused our attention from international terrorist groups  to our two major challenges, Russia and China. Yet the President, in  his actions and words, appears to be undercutting his own National  Defense Strategy.   In addition, I am deeply concerned that President Trump is meeting  one-on-one with a former KGB spymaster like Putin. President Trump's  ``attitude'' will not be enough to challenge Putin over Russia's  aggression against the United States and our allies.   Let's be clear. President Putin is not ``fine.'' As recently  reaffirmed by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, on which I  sit, President Putin directed an attack on our 2016 elections with the  intent of undermining public confidence in our democratic process. To  this day, Russia continues, according to administration intelligence  officials, to target elections in democratic countries, including the  upcoming midterm elections in the United States. Russia's use of hybrid  operations--including disinformation, propaganda, corruption and  financial influence, hidden campaign donations, and even chemical  attacks on civilians in foreign countries--fundamentally threatens our  security and the security of our allies. And Russia's ongoing  aggression against the sovereignty and territorial integrity of  neighboring countries, including Ukraine, is unacceptable and violates  international norms.   In light of this Russian threat, President Trump should take the  opportunity at this important NATO summit to lead the alliance toward  greater solidarity and cohesion. Unfortunately, President Trump's  statements ahead of the summit point in the opposite direction.   I understand and share the concern of many across the political  spectrum that our NATO allies are not spending enough on their own  defense, and many are not on track to meet the pledge to be spending 2  percent of GDP on national defense by 2024. This issue has been raised  by previous administrations, including the Bush and Obama  administrations. But, ultimately, the United States participates in  NATO because we believe the transatlantic partnership is in the U.S.  national security interest and not because other countries are paying  us for protection.   We must look at the whole picture of allied contributions to NATO  operations and to the strategic competition with Russia and China that  I mentioned was the singular point of the National Defense Strategy  approved by President Trump after being prepared by Secretary of  Defense Mattis. The whole picture includes the following:   Our allies stood with us following the September 11, 2001, terrorist  attack, invoking for the first and only time, as my colleagues have  said, the obligation under article 5 of the NATO treaty for collective  self-defense.   As of the end of this year, 7 of the 28 non-U.S. NATO members will  meet the 2 percent of GDP pledge on defense spending. In addition, 18  members have put forth a credible plan to get to 2 percent of GDP by  2024.   Since 2014, all NATO members have halted the decline in their  national defense spending, and total defense expenditures have  increased by more than $87 billion.   U.S. foreign military sales to NATO members are up significantly in  the past few years, from less than $5 billion in 2015 to an estimate of  nearly $40 billion in 2018.   Our NATO partners provide significant host nation support to the tens  of thousands of U.S. troops stationed in Europe, including Germany's  $51 billion in military infrastructure and $1 billion annually in host  nation support to the 33,000 U.S. troops stationed in Germany.   NATO members have deployed thousands of troops on NATO operations in  Afghanistan, Kosovo, the NATO training mission in Iraq, and elsewhere,  with many making the ultimate sacrifice. NATO soldiers have died  serving side by side with U.S. soldiers, sailors, marines, and airmen  in defense of the fundamental values we share, and we cannot ignore  that.   The motion to instruct recognizes that in strategic competition with  near-peers Russia and China--again, the singular feature of the new  National Defense Strategy of this administration--one of the United  States' greatest competitive advantages is our alliances and  partnerships and the benefits they bring to the fight.   I urge my Senate colleagues to support the motion to instruct. This  is not a partisan issue. It is not a Republican issue or a Democratic  issue. It is a national security issue. In fact, the motion supports a  number of provisions in the Senate version of the fiscal year 2019 NDAA  proposed by my Republican colleagues on the Armed Services Committee  that reaffirm the U.S. national security interest in the NATO alliance.   At this critical juncture before the summits in Brussels and  Helsinki, Congress, as a coequal branch of government, has an  opportunity to lead, just as Congress demonstrated leadership in  overwhelmingly passing the Russia sanctions bill as part of the  Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act, or CAATSA, by a  vote of 98 to 2. That bill sent a clear message to Russia that there  are costs to its malign activities and that Russia's behavior must  change.   Similarly, strong Senate support for the motion to instruct will send  an important message to our allies, our partners, and our adversaries.  It will demonstrate solidarity with our NATO allies and partners and  support for the vision of a Europe whole, free, and secure. It will  send a message of support for the rules-based international order and  the need for Russia to stop its disruptive behavior. It sends a message  to President Putin that his behavior is not fine, that there is a  continuing cost to be paid for Russia's malign activities, and that he  will not succeed in dividing the NATO alliance.   In conclusion, I urge my colleagues to send a strong message of U.S.  support for NATO by voting later today for the motion to instruct.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I commend Senator Cornyn and Senator  Feinstein for their extraordinary work on this vital legislation and  urge complete support.   I yield the floor, and I yield back all time.    Mr. President, I have a motion at the desk, and I ask that  it be read.    Mr. President, this would instruct the conferees of the  National Defense Authorization Act conference to support our  traditional relationship with NATO, reaffirm our commitment to work  with them, recognize their work with us as they deploy personnel in  Afghanistan, as they deploy personnel to training missions in Iraq,  and, as members of NATO armed forces, have given their lives to help us  in Afghanistan. It recognizes our traditional, long-term support for  NATO, and it looks forward to continued support.   I urge adoption.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   