 Mr. President, 2 years ago, when Republicans took control  of the White House as well as of Congress, we promised the American  people that growing the economy was going to be our No. 1 priority, and  we got right to work.   Under the Obama administration, American workers and businesses faced  a lot of obstacles, including burdensome regulations and an outdated  Tax Code that acted as a drag on economic growth, so we immediately  focused on removing burdensome regulations. Then we focused on  developing a historic, comprehensive reform of our Tax Code, which was  signed into law last December. Now, the Tax Code isn't necessarily the  first thing people think of when they think of economic growth, but the  Tax Code has a huge impact on our economy.   It helps to determine how much money individuals and families have to  spend and save. It helps to determine whether a small business can  expand and hire. A small business owner who faces a huge tax bill is  highly unlikely to be able to expand her business or hire a new  employee. The Tax Code helps to determine whether large businesses  hire, grow, and invest in the United States. A large business is going  to find it pretty hard to create jobs or improve benefits for employees  if it is struggling to stay competitive against foreign businesses that  pay much less in taxes. A large business is also unlikely to keep jobs  and investment in the United States if the Tax Code makes it vastly  more expensive to hire American workers.   Prior to the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act last December, our  Tax Code was not helping our economy or American families. It was doing  just the opposite so we took action.   We cut tax rates for American families, doubled the child tax credit,  and nearly doubled the standard deduction. We lowered tax rates across  the board for owners of small and medium-sized businesses, farms, and  ranches. We lowered our Nation's massive corporate tax rate, which, up  until January 1, was the highest corporate tax rate in the developed  world. We expanded business owners' ability to recover the cost of  investments they make in their businesses, which frees up cash that  they can reinvest in their operations and their workers, and we brought  the U.S. international tax system into the 21st century so American  businesses would not be operating at a competitive disadvantage next to  their foreign counterparts.   Now we are seeing the results. The economy is thriving. Our economy  grew at a robust 4.2 percent in the second quarter of this year. The  unemployment rate is at its lowest level since 1969--almost 50 years  ago. Think about that. In other words, it has been almost 50 years  since the last time unemployment was at this low level.   More than 1.8 million jobs have been created since the Tax Cuts and  Jobs Act was signed into law. Wages are growing at the best rate in  years, and incomes are up 4.2 percent. Businesses are bringing money  back into the United States, and business investment is up--from an  average of 1.8 percent before the 2016 election to an average of 10  percent so far this year. Small business optimism is at historic  levels. Consumer confidence is at an 18-year high. The list goes on.   Those are a lot of stats, but they basically boil down to one thing;  that is, that life is getting better for American families. Incomes are  growing, and families have access to more jobs and opportunities and  better benefits. That means fewer families have to live paycheck to  paycheck, that an unexpected car repair or doctor bill is less  devastating, that it is easier to afford that family vacation or the  fees for piano lessons, and that more families have money to save for  their kids' college or for their retirement.   That was the goal--getting the economy thriving again so American  families can thrive. I am proud to say, we are succeeding. I am proud  that our policies are making life better for American families. Yet we  are not stopping there. We are going to keep working to secure the  gains we have made for the long term and make sure every American has  access to a future of security and opportunity.   