 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Hill for recognizing me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor John McCain, a family man, a war  hero, United States Senator, and a very, very close friend.   John was a one-of-a-kind, a man with an undeniable spirit, an  incredible gift to work alongside people of different beliefs and  backgrounds for the good of all people.   As a veteran, I recognized John's service went above and beyond the  call of duty.   McCain was not the kind of man to put his brothers in arms at risk to  save his own skin. Even as a POW, he put country first.   His patriotism was inspiring. It was so inspiring that, as a young  airman at the time--I was going to junior college at Victor Valley  College, became the student body president, and the first time they  sent somebody to Washington, D.C., it was me. It was my first trip to  Washington, D.C., and I actually got to meet the man that I had only  read about and really got to know him, know John and his real  character.   It was an honor to be with him in the 2000 campaign and again in the  2008 campaign. In 2008, we spent a lot of time traveling together  throughout the West Coast, even spending some time in my district in  Modesto, California.   Sonia and I were lucky enough to witness John at his happiest on his  ranch in Sedona, working the grill, surrounded by family, to see the  joy in the man's face just flipping shrimp and burgers and being around  family in a very serene, beautiful spot.   John never lost sight of what truly mattered. He was willing to take  on great risk in his political career, as he did in his military one,  not because it was convenient or because it would benefit him, but  because he knew it was the right thing to do.   John and I worked together to create a bipartisan fix for our broken  immigration system. Together, we drafted the Uniting and Securing  America Act, the USA Act, as he introduced it in the Senate, one that  would provide a compromise for children who were brought here through  no fault of their own and deserve an opportunity in this great country.   He and I had sat down initially in 2010 when I was first elected to  Congress to talk about my idea on the ENLIST Act and talk about how you  could show the ultimate act of patriotism and allow these kids in our  high schools to be able to serve in the military. Together, we made  sure our country had a serious discussion about real immigration reform  for the first time in over 20 years.   Here in the U.S. House of Representatives and across the country, we  must not lose sight of the vision John had for this Nation. His America  was one defined by bipartisanship, optimism, and hope, looking forward  to a brighter tomorrow where our Nation can come together as one; and  I, too, believe in that vision.   I will be forever grateful to John for making me part of his  incredible journey, and I pray that the example he set will serve as an  inspiration for this Congress, for our Nation, and for generations to  come.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Hill very much for yielding to me tonight  and for honoring our great friend.   