 Mr. Speaker, I rise today so that we can finish the work  that we started with the VA MISSION Act.   Just yesterday, the President signed the VA MISSION Act into law, and  it is a good bill. But the words on that piece of paper and his  signature, Mr. Speaker, are not what takes care of our veterans. It is  the doctors and nurses in our VA facilitates who do that. The VA  MISSION Act gives us a chance to make their jobs easier and let them do  it better.   But we have to be honest about the fact that it also poses serious  risks because of these strict budget caps. These budget caps were in  place, Mr. Speaker, before we ever did the VA MISSION Act. I don't know  if they were put in place because people had lost faith in the VA, but  I recently visited two VA hospitals in the Pittsburgh area and came  away with a renewed faith in what the VA can do.   I met a man who was a Vietnam veteran, wheelchair-bound, who has  lived in the VA hospital for 3 years. If things were as bad as its  critics say, you might expect a man like that to be downtrodden or  upset with the VA. Instead, when I asked him how he was feeling, tears  came to his eyes and his voice choked with emotion as he described for  me the way that the director of that hospital comes to mass with him  every morning and asks about his family.   We had that conversation in a kitchen built inside that hospital that  looks like the kitchen in any nice home. The nurses bring in food of  their own to cook for the patients of theirs. It operates like a real  family.   This is what it looks like, Mr. Speaker, when we keep our promises to  our veterans and, more accurately, when our doctors and nurses keep  that promise on our behalf.   But all of this is at risk if we do not finish what we started with  the VA MISSION Act. If we do nothing, the money that we have  appropriated for the Veterans Choice Program will bust the strict  budget caps that VA is under, and that will trigger automatic,  indiscriminate cuts across the board.   Mr. Speaker, that man asked me for one thing. He said that next year  on Memorial Day he was hoping that they could have a cookout and that I  would come back and have a hot dog with him.   When that happens 1 year from now, Mr. Speaker, that same VA hospital  may very well be under the strict budget cuts. Something like a cookout  would be seen as an extravagance if you are getting 25 percent, 30  percent cuts across the board. And we will be responsible for that, Mr.  Speaker. That is the only thing that man asked for.   He has been cared for. We have gotten him the care he deserves. We  need to ensure that for the next generation. We can fix that today. We  can exempt the new money in the VA MISSION Act from the strict budget  caps by voting ``no'' on the previous question so that my bill, H.R.  5805, can be made in order.   