 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Pallone for his friendship  and leadership on the committee. He has been an extraordinary leader in  the healthcare space, and I want to publicly thank the gentleman for  his work. As well as to Dr. Burgess: I have been on the committee now  for more than 10 years, and I have watched him and Mr. Walden, Mr.  Barton, and others engage in debate. I know that all of them are  seriously and totally committed to improving health outcomes in this  country, and I thank them all for their leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support S. 292,  the Childhood Cancer Survivorship, Treatment, Access, and Research Act,  commonly referred to as the STAR Act. Along with Mr. McCaul, Jackie  Speier, and Mike Kelly, I introduced H.R. 820, which is the House  companion to S. 292.   Over 85 percent of the House has cosponsored this bill. It is,  therefore, my great honor to serve as cochair of the bipartisan House  Childhood Cancer Caucus. Through the work of this caucus, I have had  the opportunity to work closely with pediatric patient groups and  stakeholders to promote legislation that can help save and improve the  lives of young people.   Passage of the STAR Act has long been a goal of those patients and of  the Childhood Cancer Caucus, and I am grateful that the House is poised  to send this important piece of legislation now to the President's desk  for his signature.   Mr. Speaker, 16,000--16,000--children in the United States are  diagnosed with cancer every year. Many of those have limited treatment  options. The STAR Act, Mr. Speaker, is an important piece of  legislation that will expand the opportunities for childhood cancer  research, improve efforts to identify and track childhood cancer, and  enhance the quality of life of childhood cancer survivors.   Childhood cancer remains the leading cause of death in American  children. As many as two-thirds of childhood cancer survivors suffer  from late effects of their disease or treatment, including secondary  cancers or organ damage. That is why passage and enactment of this  legislation is so important.   The bill enhances research on the late effects of childhood cancers,  improves collaboration among providers so that doctors are better able  to care for survivors as they age, and explores innovative models of  care for childhood cancer survivors.   When enacted, S. 292 will help to advance pediatric cancer research  and child-focused cancer treatments while also improving childhood  cancer surveillance and providing enhanced resources for survivors.  This bill, Mr. Speaker, is the most comprehensive childhood cancer  legislation ever slated to be passed by this Congress.   The STAR Act will give young cancer patients and their families  better access to life-saving treatments and the support they need even  after beating cancer. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this  legislation. Mr. Speaker, I thank all of the leaders of the committee  for their work.   