 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this morning, in Nashville, as I got on  the plane, the headlines were not about tweets or collusion with Russia  or even the Supreme Court nomination. The headline was this: Senate set  to OK bill on opioids.   Within a few minutes, we are about to vote in the Senate on  legislation that Senator McConnell, the majority leader, has called  ``landmark legislation.'' It is legislation that 72 of the 100 Members  of this body have made a contribution to. They are not just  cosponsoring it. They have a piece of this bill. This legislation has  come through five different committees of the Senate, and we have been  working on it for several months.   The reason it is on the front page of the newspapers in Tennessee and  the newspapers in Kansas and the newspapers in Wyoming and the  newspapers in Maine is because opioids are our most serious public  health epidemic, and the Opioid Crisis Response Act that we will be  voting on in a few minutes is the Senate's response to this crisis.   We will be voting on another important piece of legislation that the  Senator from Maine, Ms. Collins, who is here, has talked about, and  Senator McCaskill is a cosponsor. It is the Patient Right to Know Act.  It basically does something that I think almost every American would  think is a good idea. It says that when you go into a drugstore, your  pharmacist must be allowed to tell you that if you can buy your  prescription for $5 by paying out of your own pocket, you should do  that, rather than using your insurance, which might require a $100  copay out of your pocket. Right now, there are contracts between  pharmacy benefit organizations and pharmacists that prohibit your  pharmacist from telling you. Senator Collins deserves a lot of credit  for her leadership in this area, as she does in so many other areas,  and I fully support what she is proposing. It passed unanimously out of  our Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee.   Let's go back for a moment to the Opioid Crisis Response Act, which  we will be voting on within a few minutes. I mentioned that it is on  the front pages of the newspapers today, despite a lot of competition  for other news. I mentioned that Senator McConnell, the Senate majority  leader, had called it ``landmark legislation,'' and I mentioned that it  is because the opioid crisis is the most serious public health epidemic  in our country. It is ravaging virtually every community.   We all have stories that we have heard, that we know, that we have  told--stories like the story of Becky Savage, who testified at one of  the seven hearings before our HELP Committee that her sons had a  graduation party in her basement. She was happy about that. They were  not running around town doing other things; they were in the basement.  Unfortunately, someone had brought opioid pills to the party that got  mixed with alcohol, and she found both her sons dead the next morning.  They were not drug addicts. They were not alcoholics. They were good  boys, but somehow they made a mistake because they and their friends  didn't know the consequences of this opioid epidemic.   That is why five different committees in this body have reported  bills that have made a contribution to the Opioid Crisis Response Act,  which we are about to vote on. That is why 72 different Senators have  provisions in this bill. That is why, last June, the House of  Representatives passed its own version of the bill, also involving  several committees in the House.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for another 5  minutes.    Mr. President, that is why we have had so much support  for this amendment.   The bill is so large, some people have had trouble seeing the  significance of it. Let me quickly mention two aspects of it: One is  money, one is moonshot.   Some people say: Where is the money? This is not a money bill. This  is an authorization bill. The money bills are in the Appropriations  Committee, and they have been generous.   In March, the Congress addressed $4.7 billion in the omnibus  appropriations bill toward opioids. In the bill--which we should  approve tomorrow for the next fiscal year--there will be another $3.8  billion. So that is $8 billion within a few months for the opioids  crisis.   The second is moonshot. Some people say this needs a moonshot. It  does need the energy and resources of a moonshot, but, unfortunately,  this isn't a crisis that we can assign to a Federal agency in  Washington and say: Let's fix it in 10 years. What we can do is  everything we can think of to do to create an environment so that  doctors, nurses, judges, patients, parents, and everybody in  communities that are affected by the opioid crisis can deal with it  there, and we do our best to do that.   For example, Senator Portman's STOP Act addresses fentanyl and other  synthetic, illegal drugs being mailed into this country through our  Postal Service from China. Fentanyl is 50 times more powerful than an  opioid pill, 50 times more dangerous. There is a 70-percent increase in  deaths from overdose by fentanyl in our State of Tennessee.   Here is what I think is the Holy Grail of this crisis; that is,  finding a non-addictive pain medicine or treatment. One hundred million  Americans live with pain; 25 million Americans have chronic pain. They  need help. They need something other than an addictive pain medicine-- something that works. Dr. Francis Collins at the National Institutes of  Health and Scott Gottlieb at the Food and Drug Administration have  advanced research and created fast tracks, and we have provided  hundreds of millions of dollars to find that Holy Grail.   A third is to reduce the prescriptions of opioids that can be  diverted, so you can reduce the chance that you might get a 60-pill  bottle of opioids, use 12, take it home, put it in your medicine  cabinet; then your teenager picks it up and takes it to a party, and  someone is hurt or overdoses. We authorize the Food and Drug  Administration to require manufacturers to sell opioid pills in blister  packs of, say, three or seven. Already, two dozen States have  established their own limits. In Tennessee, it is a limit of three  days.   What are the next steps for this piece of legislation, the Opioid  Crisis Response Act with 72 provisions? We are already working with the  House of Representatives. We are working very well with them. I  appreciate the leadership of Senator McConnell and Senator Schumer in  creating an environment where we can move this bill rapidly. We are  working with Congressman Walden and Congressman Brady in the House and  with Democrats on both sides of seven committees in the Senate on this  phase and several in the House of Representatives.   Our goal is to have all of our language in a combined bill ready by  Friday of this week, along with Congressional Budget Office numbers, so  that the House of Representatives can vote on the bill next week before  they go home. Then we can vote on it the following week--or whenever  Senator McConnell can put it on the floor--and send it to the President  for action.   There are too many Senators for me to thank at the moment for their  leadership as chairmen and ranking members of committees or for their  agreeing to show some restraint in insisting on provisions. Senator  Portman had provisions, Senator Rubio did, Senator Paul did, and  Senator Lee did, but they all said: Let's go ahead and vote on this  today, work out the remaining differences we have over the next few  days with the House, and hope that the  [[Page S6177]]  final version of the bill that comes back from the House is even  stronger.   I am convinced that this piece of legislation, the Opioid Crisis  Response Act of 2018, will help deal with the worst public health  epidemic we have had. We have a sense of bipartisan urgency about  finishing our work in the Senate and combining our efforts with the  House. Their bill is a good bill. I think combining it with ours will  help make it stronger, and we will get our bill to the President.   We may have the same amount of money and the same amount of energy  that we had for the moonshot in the 1960s, but the real work is going  to be done on the frontlines because the only way to deal with the  opioid crisis is community by community by community.   I thank the President.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate proceeds to S. 2554, amendment No. 4011 be made pending.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  committee-reported substitute amendment to S. 2554 be agreed to.    Mr. President, the next vote is on Senator Collins'  amendment on the gag rule with Senator McCaskill.   Following that, we will vote on the Opioid Crisis Act of 2018, which  has the contributions of 72 Senators.   I would like to especially thank Senator McConnell and Senator  Schumer for creating an environment in which we could get this done.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the votes following the  first vote in this series be 10 minutes in length.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   