 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for  his leadership on this issue. I thank those who are sponsoring H.R.  4712.    I was a young man in high school when the Roe v. Wade Supreme Court  decision came down. It ignited a movement to preserve the life of the  unborn. My mother and future mother-in-law began working in the  trenches to see this pernicious and barbaric practice eliminated.  Seeing their example, my wife, my family, and I have worked to protect  these little ones for many years. We have worked for pro-life causes in  the community, internationally, and in the State legislature.   During my tenure in the State legislature, we passed dozens of pro- life bills. I am pleased to say that, since 2009, Arizona has passed  and had signed into law 39 bills promoting the protection of unborn  babies. In fact, Arizona was recently named the top pro-life State in  the Union by Americans United for Life. Even so, Arizona is not without  problems.   I dedicate my support for H.R. 4712 to Aryana Zeitner, whose mother  faked a serious illness so that a doctor would perform an abortion at  22 weeks. Aryana survived the abortion, but she was not given any  medical attention. Doctors, nurses, and presumably her mother, let her  life slowly ebb away. Aryana's life passed after 1 hour and 18 minutes  after the abortion was performed. This bill is for Aryana and others  who should be alive today.   In another instance, a baby with no name survived an abortion. 911 in  the Phoenix area of Arizona received a call from a worker at the  abortion clinic indicating that a post-abortion baby was breathing, but  the clinic did no more than provide oxygen. The baby passed, dying  before arriving at the hospital.   Mr. Speaker, I dedicate this bill to all of the unnamed victims of  abortion.   Mr. Speaker, if a baby survives an abortion, it is not an abortion.  It is a birth. It is inhumane to allow a baby who survives an abortion  to simply die from neglect and inattention.   I urge the passage of the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection  Act, H.R. 4712. I urge leadership to bring H.R. 490, the Heartbeat  Protection Act of 2017, sponsored by 170 Members of this body, to the  floor for a vote as well.   