 Madam President, I also come to speak on this important  piece of legislation and in favor of this important piece of  legislation.   I just visited with Senator Collins, who knows--as so many Members of  this body do--that I practiced medicine for a long time before coming  to the Senate. I took care of a lot of Wyoming families as a practicing  physician.   As a doctor, I often prescribed medication to help my patients fight  disease and to improve their quality of life, so I know the importance  of prescription medication. I also know the importance that pharmacists  play in the lives of their patients as well because the same patients I  am taking care of, the pharmacist is also caring for. In so many ways,  the pharmacist has to be able to speak freely to their patients about  information about their medications. Pharmacists are often that last  line of defense when they place a call to the doctor's office to say:  Mrs. Jones is here. By the way, you prescribed this, but don't forget  that she is allergic to this medication, and there might be some  interaction, or she is already on this medicine, or this patient is on  that medicine.   Pharmacists provide vital and important roles to patients on a daily  basis. It happens all around the country. They need to be able to speak  freely about those things. They need to be able to speak freely about  the things that can save a patient's life and also things that can save  a patient money, and that is what this whole piece of legislation is  about.   I know many patients fail to take medications that their doctors  might prescribe because of the cost involved, the expense of the  medicines. That is why I am so glad to see President Trump make it a  priority to find ways to lower the costs that people pay for their  medicine. The administration actually put out a blueprint for ways we  could address drug costs.   Part of the plan was to eliminate the so-called pharmacy gag clauses.  Pharmacists should not be gagged. They need to be able to talk with the  patients, whether it is about drug interaction, the drug use, how to  take it, how to use it properly, and the costs. These are important  things for a pharmacist to be able to discuss.   These gag clauses are clauses that are sometimes included in  contracts that are not between the patient and the pharmacist. They are  contracts between a drug company and an insurance company. This needs  to be stopped.   The gag clause says that if a patient brings a prescription to the  drugstore to be filled, the pharmacist cannot talk about the cash price  of the drug. It is not allowed. It is wrong.   Maybe someone had an insurance plan where their copay for the  medicine, let's say, was $10, and the prescription they are filling  actually cost them $5 if they paid in cash, but under the gag clause,  the pharmacist is not allowed to say anything about it. Pharmacists  need to be able to speak up. It  [[Page S6173]]  is important. It is important for the patient. It is important for the  integrity of the process.   Right now, the pharmacist can't tell the patient: You know, you can  save a little money if you just paid cash and you didn't bother to use  the insurance along the way. The way things are now, the insurance  company would collect its $10 copayment from the patient. They only  have to pay $5 to the drug company and keep the rest, and the patient  doesn't know anything about it. The patient is left in the dark because  the pharmacist cannot share this important information with the  patient. I believe it is wrong, and that is why I cosponsored the  legislation that is on the floor right now.   The Trump administration has taken a close look at the situation, and  they completely agreed. They said people should know if there is a  simple way they can save money. As we vote on this legislation today, I  am hoping Congress agrees.   Earlier this month, the Senate passed legislation that prohibits the  gag clauses for Medicare plans, and that was the right thing to do. It  passed unanimously, and I am so happy to see that. Today we are taking  the next step. We are going beyond Medicare.   This legislation we are about to vote on eliminates the gag clauses  in insurance plans that people get through their employer, through  their work, or plans they buy on their own. It is not just Medicare  that we took care of before, this takes it to the next step, giving the  pharmacists the freedom to speak.   We are saying with a clear voice today that patients should be able  to talk with their pharmacists and pharmacists should be able to talk  with their patients to know if they are paying the lowest price for  their medications.   I support this bill. I thank the Members who led this bipartisan  effort. It was a privilege to work with Senator Collins, Senator  Stabenow, Senator Cassidy, and Senator McCaskill, who was just on the  floor, to get this done.   I appreciate your attention, Madam President, to this important piece  of legislation. I look forward to voting to support it and getting it  passed today and getting it down to the President for his signature.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   