 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to  the Water Resources Development Act, which will increase funding for  the Army Corps of Engineers' storm and hurricane restoration and impact  minimization program.   As communities across the country come together to rebuild in the  wake of unprecedented storms, this program funds vital coastal  resiliency projects across the Nation. I emphasize ``resiliency''  because part of what this program does is save money by making cost- effective investments now that will prevent that money from having to  be spent on costly recovery efforts in the future.   Over the past year, severe storms and hurricanes have devastated  communities throughout our country, costing us billions of dollars in  recovery efforts. We know that severe weather patterns are occurring at  a more frequent rate, and with the 2018 hurricane season fast  approaching, the cities and towns along our coasts need more resources  to minimize the impacts of flooding, storm surges, and coastal erosion.   What we don't need are more outdated government projects that are  wasting taxpayer dollars. And by cutting these, we fund the increases  to this program. That makes this amendment fully offset and budget  neutral.   Cities and towns in my district and throughout the country are  undergoing studies to assess the feasibility of implementing beach  erosion and control projects under the storm and hurricane restoration  and impact minimization program today. By raising the cap on this  program's authorization, we can ensure that the vital resources  provided by the Army Corps are available to more districts throughout  the country.   There are States across the Nation that have already benefited from  this program, from Alabama to Louisiana, from Alaska to Florida, Ohio,  Virginia, New Jersey, and Indiana. All of these States, in addition to  my home State of Massachusetts, have benefited from this innovative  program.   I am proud to have bipartisan support, and I think we need to come  together to support this commonsense solution that will empower us to  protect our coastal communities by leveraging private sector innovation  to enhance coastal ecosystems, promote recreation, and save taxpayer  dollars.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I would just like to thank the chairman for  his help in supporting this amendment, and ushering it through the  process. I think it is a good amendment, and I am proud to have  bipartisan support for it.   Mr. Chair, I yield the remainder of my time to the gentlewoman from  California (Mrs. Napolitano).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   