 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, yesterday, my wife Robba and I attended the  funeral services of Ed Rolfs of Junction City, KS. I come today to pay  honor to this Kansan, to this great individual, and pay tribute to his  contributions to his community and to our State.   Mr. Rolfs was born on December 13, 1924, in Junction City, KS, where  he lived his entire life. He attended school there and graduated from  Junction City High School. He then attended the University of Kansas  for his undergraduate degree and later received degrees from Columbia  University and the University of Wisconsin-Madison.   Ed was a lifelong student and was always busy. He was an avid reader  and researcher. He studied financial markets and economic trends. He  also stuck to his roots as a farmer, and he worked on the family farm  until his passing this week.   The community and State know him as a strong supporter of schools and  education. He continually supported scholarships and mentored many  young men and women in the Junction City area.   He was a banker, and he began his career at the bank his father first  started in 1915--Central National Bank. In 1967, Ed was promoted. He  was named president of the bank, and he served in that capacity for  over 25 years. He saw a great deal of growth and expansion in the bank  as it spread into communities across the State and region. He was a  president of a big bank, but he was a president of a community bank  that had relationships with its customers. The banking community knew  him to be a visionary leader, and he was, by many accounts, described  as having a brilliant mind. His impact on the bank was more than just  the bottom line; he took care and focused on his employees and their  success.   Ed was a dedicated member of the Junction City community. Junction  City is a community that is surrounded by Fort Riley. It is a community  that understands the importance of civic engagement and understands the  importance of caring for those who serve our Nation and whose families  often remain behind while that service occurs. He was active in his  community.   It is what you, Mr. President, and I know about many communities  across our States in which people devote a significant amount of their  time to making sure that good things happen at home. It is also a  generational thing where you see those the age of Ed make certain that  their lives are more than just their careers.   Ed had been a member of the Rotary Club since 1950. He joined the  Masonic Union Lodge in 1953. He had held the post of president of both  the Rotary Club and the Junction City Chamber of  [[Page S5749]]  Commerce. He was engaged with the Highland Cemetery Association as  president; the Central Charities Foundation, where he was chairman; and  he was a treasurer and trustee of the Kansas Council for Economic  Education.   I have known Ed for many years. I, as well as those who honored him  at his funeral service yesterday, described him as a humble man,  despite his many successes, who kept quiet about those accomplishments.  Over his lifetime, he received many awards, ranging from the Ernst &  Young Entrepreneur of the Year to the Kansas Governor's Art Award in  2007.   He served his country, in addition to his community. It makes us  proud that he was a veteran of both World War II and the Korean  conflict. He was a 73-year member of the American Legion Post No. 45.  Serving and sacrificing for others is simply who Ed Rolfs was.   Ed had a deep understanding of the temporary nature of life. He was a  devoted and lifelong member of the First Presbyterian Church, where he  served in various roles--as treasurer, member of the choir, trustee,  and Sunday school teacher.   A dedicated family man and loving husband, father, grandfather, and  great-grandfather, Ed leaves behind his wife, Eunice, of nearly 70  years. I would use this as an opportunity to indicate to my colleagues  that Eunice is the daughter of Frank Carlson, former Governor and U.S.  Senator from Kansas. They were married for nearly 70 years. He has  three children, four grandchildren, and four great-grandchildren.   One of the things I observe in judging a person on their abilities,  their character, who they are as a human being, is what their family is  like. In any dealings I ever had with Ed Rolfs and his family, I knew  he was good at what was really important in life. He raised a good  family. He and Eunice raised a good family.   Ed represents the kinds of values on which our State was built. His  sense of care and compassion and his service to his community, his  country, his church, and his family have made the world and our part of  the world a better place. He had a vision for a stronger community and  a more prosperous Kansas. He will continue to inspire me personally.   Another observation is that my attendance at the funeral services  yesterday caused me to remind myself that you hope the people who come  to your funeral service are there because they admire and respect you  and honor you and the life you lived. Ed had significant responsibility  and a significant position in the community, but it is unusual to see  so many people of all ages at a funeral. It wasn't about his position;  it was about his relationship with those he knew and cared about.   In the coming weeks, Robba and I will continue to keep Ed and his  wife Eunice, along with their family and friends, in our prayers. As  they celebrated his life at the funeral services on Monday, may we  continue to live our lives in a way that honors the way he lived his  life.   May Ed Rolfs rest in peace.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   