 Mr. Speaker, it is a great day. I came down here, also,  with Congresswoman Eshoo. We chair the bipartisan NextGen 9-1-1 Caucus.  Fifty years is a great anniversary. The caucus has been around 50  years. It is one of those true bipartisan developments. When Anna and I  started, it was Conrad Burns in the Senate and Hillary Clinton on the  Senate side.   When addressing 911 services and the problems that roll out when we  have a successful program, there is nothing perfect. We have to come  back and revisit. But it is like baseball, apple pie, and Chevrolet.  What could be wrong with being focused on getting emergency services to  people in need? That is why 911 is such a great service.   I want to thank my colleague from Texas (Mr. Gohmert) for bringing  this up.   We always have to keep changing and updating. As technology moves  from the dial-up phone to the iPhone and we start doing text and we  start doing video, the NextGen 9-1-1 Caucus works with industry, the  telecommunications sector, and the Peace apps to make sure that  ou first-line responders have the best opportunity to find, as Anna  said, what floor. That is a big issue.    Technology will overcome that some day, and we have to achieve what  we can achieve now, but never shy away from the fact that we can always  refine and get better. This is a good start.   I want to thank my colleague from Texas. I appreciate his work. I do  appreciate my friends on the Democratic side for their commitment and  support on this over the years, not just today.   Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. I will close for our side now,  Mr. Speaker.   Mr. Speaker, I want to first congratulate Representative Gohmert and  Senator Klobuchar for this piece of legislation.   I hope that our friends on the Republican side will work with us to  improve the location accuracy for these multiline systems. I think that  is an important piece of unfinished business that we need to do to make  this bill even better. We support the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   