 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule. I want  to return to the fact that it is a scientific fact that climate change  is occurring and that human activity is the primary cause of that  change.   Its destructive physical and economic effects are already being felt  throughout the United States and, in fact, throughout the world. This  resolution simply denies that reality.   Entire American towns are beginning to be displaced due to sea level  rise, and desperate attempts to save these communities through costly  infrastructure projects are costing American taxpayers millions of  dollars a year.   In my home State of California, wildfire seasons are becoming longer.  Actually, it is not a season. It is now year-round. They are stronger,  they are more destructive, and they are costing, thereto, American  taxpayers millions of dollars each year.   Yet despite these rising costs, rather than working on a solution  towards this pressing problem, House Republicans have put forth a  resolution that denies that climate change is a costly problem and that  we are passing it on to our kids and our grandkids. They put forth a  resolution that attempts to shut the door on any conversation about  policies that can both promote economic growth and at the same time  curb harmful pollution and protect the planet.   Mr. Speaker, let's deal with reality rather than denying reality. The  Safe Climate Caucus members have been calling for real conversations on  the causes, impacts, and solutions of climate change for years.   Instead of proposing ways to reduce carbon pollution or allowing  constructive congressional dialogue on how to avoid costly climate  damages, the Republican majority continues to refuse to even have this  conversation about how to address one of the greatest threats to human  survival on this planet. We have not seen any serious solutions put  forth by Republicans in Congress in nearly a decade.   Mr. Speaker, this resolution is a waste of time, and I urge my  colleagues to vote ``no.''   