 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman McClintock and my  friend from Arizona for their work on this, especially Chairman Bishop  as well. The Natural Resources Committee has been terrific to work with  on this measure over a period of time.   The bill is really an important public safety measure. This is a  life-and-death measure. There are more than 5,000 people who live in  Crooked River Ranch. This is an unincorporated community in central  Oregon. It is wedged between two river systems, river canyons.   You can see it here on this map. I want to point out the two rivers  here. It is actually on a peninsula. It sits up. These are deep  canyons. To the west over here is where the wilderness study area is  that we are talking about. It is juniper. It is cheatgrass. It is  sagebrush. These are the most volatile fuels you can have.   Unlike here on the East Coast, where in the summer you get  thunderstorms and heavy rain with it, out in Oregon, we have humidity.  We call it rain that stays in the ground. But in the summer, we don't  get that. What we get is dry lightning and very little rain. When  lightning strikes occur in that kind of vegetation, it explodes.    I have talked to the firefighters, and I will show you what happens  when this happens. This the terrain. The overstocked juniper, you can  see it over here. This is very volatile terrain. That is grasslands. As  I say, there are all kinds of other volatile fuels in there.   This is at the highest risk category for exposure to catastrophic  wildfire. The wildfire planning community protection plan calls it that  in Jefferson County.   Fire season is already underway in central Oregon. In fact, wildfires  have already burned 120,000 acres so far this year. It has just gotten  started. By the way, that is the equivalent of burning about 2\1/2\  times the entire size of Washington, D.C.   So what does that look like? When fire gets into these junipers, they  basically explode. It is very volatile. Jefferson County Sheriff Jim  Adkins took this picture out of his rig of the Graham fire. This fire  nearby--not right at Crooked River Ranch, but in the same county-- burned a few weeks ago. It burned two homes. Altogether, it burned  about 2,000 acres--2,000 acres--and a couple of homes before they could  get in and get it out.   So what we are doing here with this legislation is removing 832  acres. That is it. Three-thousandths of 1 percent of all the WSAs in  Oregon, three-thousandths of 1 percent of the acreage, 832 acres, we  are saying that we are just going to take it back to the rim of the  canyon, and, on that flat land, you can go in and thin out these  junipers and get it back to where you can do fire management.  [[Page H6069]]    Now, when I have talked to the fire chiefs and crews there, they have  told me: Look, in this community of 5,000, there is one road in and  out.   If you have a fire that blows up like this out on the peninsula, out  on the end, the fire chiefs basically said: If the conditions are wrong  and there is wind, I am not going to put my firefighters' lives at  risk, so we will probably not go in and fight that fire. We will just  try and get people out.   Can you imagine, on a two-lane road, trying to evacuate more than  5,000 people with a monster fire breathing down your back? That is what  we are trying to avoid here.   This WSA was determined in 1992 by the Bureau of Land Management and  the Forest Service to not be suitable for inclusion as wilderness. They  said: No, it doesn't meet the criteria. It should not be included.   But the way the Federal law works, once the agency decides to study  one of these areas, all the restrictions come on the land. As you have  heard from both sides of the aisle--well, at least our side of the  aisle--that means that you can't go in and do mechanical thinning. You  can't do the kind of work we need to do.   By the way, if there is a fire, it takes all kinds of permission to  drop the retardant or to get in there with mechanical means.   All we are saying is, let's back that up 832 acres along the rim  line, send people in, thin this back to where it is in balance and will  not cause devastating wildfire to consume Crooked River Ranch. Let's  look at what happens when that does occur.   You will remember this tragedy from my friend's home State in Santa  Rosa, California. You don't think fires are monsters and killers and  deadly? Look at what happened to this community, the homes and lives  that were lost.   This is what we are trying to prevent from happening at Crooked River  Ranch. With bipartisan support, the House is going to show its will  today, and I think overwhelmingly, to say this is a measured,  thoughtful piece of legislation with enormous support in the community  and the county that will prevent a Santa Rosa from occurring at Crooked  River Ranch.   Remember, there is one way in and one way out, and 5,500 people who  live in this area.   I thank the gentleman from Alaska for his leadership on this. He and  his staff have been terrific.   I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. I know we have  some differences about adding other things in. That can be dealt with,  discussed at another time, but we have a serious and deadly threat  staring us down every summer. We have fires already burning in the  area.   If we want to save lives and prevent deadly fires, this is the bill  to do it. This is the time to do it. Let's get it done.   