 Madam President, I rise today, as we all are, to  recognize a marvelous person in Claire McCaskill. I am going to go back  to 2006, when Claire was running for the U.S. Senate and I was too. The  first time I saw Claire McCaskill on TV was on C-SPAN. She was in a  debate. I thought to myself: My, oh my. This lady has skills--because  it is something I do, I study people who are good and I try to steal as  much as I can from them and there was plenty to steal in her ability to  get to the truth.   Then, Claire and Jim Webb and I all won close elections in 2006 and  showed up in this body. Those of you who know Webb, Webb was maybe the  most intense person I ever have met in my life--an incredible human  being in his own right--and I became good friends with Jim.   Claire, I can't tell you the first time we met, but I can tell you  when we met, it was like we had known one another our whole lives.  Claire had this ability to instill--and still has this ability. I want  to talk in the future, not in the past. Claire has the ability to  welcome you and make you feel as good about yourself as you feel about  her.   We got to be fast friends. She and Joseph are Sharla and my best  friends in this body. In fact, when I got on the train a few weeks  ago--and I probably shouldn't have done this, but it just happened--I  happened to get on the train with Senator-elect Hawley. I didn't know  him. I never met him. I never looked at the debates this time around  when I was campaigning. He introduced himself to me. I will probably  owe him an apology for this, but I said:  [[Page S7559]]  Yes, you just beat my best friend in the U.S. Senate--because she has  been.   She is one of the reasons I have been able to come to this body and  really enjoy it. As everybody said before, she is smart, she is very  articulate, and she has a heart. Those three things are qualities that  serve one well in the U.S. Senate.   And I, for one, am going to miss her presence here and her ability to  tell the truth in a way that you have to be hard of hearing not to  understand what she says because she has been a great Senator over the  lasts 12 years. She has represented Missouri, and because we all have  those two letters in from of our names--``U.S.'' Senator--she has  represented this country in an amazing way. I, for one, will miss her  but will make a point to make sure the relationship we have developed  in this body continues for the rest of our lives.   