 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be  in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I am proud of the advancements we have  made in healthcare in this country--advancements that have been made,  including those in the Affordable Care Act.   At lunch today we had an opportunity to see one of the faces of the  progress that we have made. Elena Hung brought her daughter to our  caucus lunch today, and we had a chance to see how a young girl has  been able to literally survive as a result of the coverage provided  under our healthcare system.   Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, we have found that more  and more Americans have not only been able to get health insurance but  they have been able to get quality health insurance that covers their  essential health benefits and provides them protection against  discriminatory insurance company practices. We are clearly moving to  where healthcare is a right, not a privilege.   I say that fully aware that President Trump's policies have reversed  some of this progress and that he is trying to reverse even more of  this progress. The President's policies have sabotaged the individual  marketplace. As a result, we have seen significant premium increases  caused by actions taken by the Trump administration in eliminating the  individual responsibility, not providing the cost-sharing, and making  it difficult for reinsurance to take place. All those add to the  instability within the individual marketplace, turning it into more of  a high-risk pool, increasing premiums, and causing a lot of insurance  companies to wonder whether they should be in that market at all.   Recently, the Trump administration went one step further--and I would  hope all Americans would be very much outraged--and that is the  protection against preexisting conditions that were included in  insurance policies prior to the adoption of the Affordable Care Act.   With regard to preexisting conditions, most of us have some form of  preexisting condition. You may have high blood pressure, high  cholesterol, asthma, heart condition, or diabetes. You may have had  cancer, or you may have had behavioral health issues. All of those are  preexisting conditions.   According to a recent study by Health and Human Services, there are  as many as 133 million Americans, nonelderly, who would qualify for  preexisting conditions and would be subject to discriminatory actions  by private insurance companies if the protections under the Affordable  Care Act were to vanish.   In my own State of Maryland, that number is about 2.5 million  Americans, nonelderly, that could be subject to discriminatory  practices by insurance companies--320,000 of whom are children.   In June 2018, President Trump's administration broke a longstanding  tradition and practice in this country and announced that it would not  defend the court challenge to the Affordable Care Act. In the case of  Texas v. United States, not only did the Trump administration say that  they would not intervene to protect the constitutionality of the act  passed by Congress but that they would submit a brief to the Court  recommending that protections such as the preexisting conditions  protections that we have under existing law should be held invalid.   Well, the Trump administration is going to the courts asking them to  allow insurance companies to once again discriminate against people in  this country based upon preexisting conditions. That is why we have  insurance, to protect you for what you need.   This is now in the courts, and we will see what will happen with  Texas v. United States in that court, but it could very well end up in  the Supreme Court of the United States. It is very clear that as we  evaluate our judicial appointments, we need to understand the  importance of the decisions they will be called upon to make.   We had a circuit court appointment this afternoon that we were  supposed to vote on, and it has been withdrawn. I am pleased about that  because that individual would not have been sensitive to the rights of  the people of our country.   Now we have a nominee for the Supreme Court of the United States,  Judge Brett Kavanaugh. It is critically  [[Page S5100]]  important that we understand that the Supreme Court of the United  States may very well be considering the case of Texas v. United States  and may very well be considering whether preexisting condition  restrictions that currently exist in law are valid or not.   I think what we should be doing in our evaluation of President  Trump's nominee is to determine whether that person will be an  independent voice on the Supreme Court of the United States,  representing the people of this country, protecting their  constitutional rights against the abuses of power, whether that power  comes from the White House or Capitol Hill or corporate America.   There are so many areas that we should be concerned about. Today, I  am going to talk about healthcare.    Yes, it is very possible that this particular nominee, if confirmed,  could be a deciding vote on preexisting condition restrictions. Judge  Kavanaugh dealt with the Affordable Care Act in 2011 on the DC Circuit,  where there was a challenge to the constitutionality of the Affordable  Care Act. The Court did not hold it invalid, but Judge Kavanaugh was in  the dissent on that opinion, raising concerns to us as to whether he  will side with consumers or special interests as it relates to  protecting consumers and policyholders in this country against the  abusive practices of health insurance companies.   We also, of course, have the concern over women's healthcare issues  and whether women's right of choice will be protected--Roe v. Wade.  Judge Kavanaugh has raised questions as to whether he will follow  precedent. Roe v. Wade is well established, but I have little comfort  as to whether Judge Kavanaugh, in fact, will follow that precedent.  These are issues that, as we start the vetting process with our  interviews and our committee hearings, we really need to drill down on  and understand where Judge Kavanaugh is on these issues.   Then I will bring up the high cost of prescription drugs. One of the  basic protections I would hope our Court would do is to protect  consumers against powerful special interests. We have to make sure, as  we vet Judge Kavanaugh, whether he will side with the people of this  country or with the powerful special interests.   Now, we have a greater role than just vetting the next Supreme Court  nominee. There are things that we can do to protect our healthcare  system. I am talking to many of my colleagues, and many have said, on  both sides of the aisle, that we want to protect against the  preexisting condition restrictions in insurance policies. So why don't  we take action? Let's make sure that we protect the Affordable Care Act  as it relates to denying insurance companies the ability to deny  coverage based upon preexisting conditions.   We could also intervene in the lawsuit that is pending to tell the  Court that we meant what we said: Insurance companies cannot impose  preexisting restrictions on coverage.   Yes, we should deal with the high cost of prescription drugs. There  are things that we can do. We have had suggestions on both sides of the  aisle. The President talked about this during his campaign, but he has  done little to deal with the cost of prescription drugs.   One of the basic things that can be done--economics 101--is to use  the collective purchasing power of the government and the larger market  share to bring down costs. Why are we paying two to three times what  consumers in industrialized nations in the world are paying for the  same drugs? Let's organize our markets so that our consumers can get a  better price. We can pass legislation to make that a reality.   Then, yes, we should take the necessary time in the process of  considering President Trump's nominations to the courts, particularly  for the Supreme Court of the United States. To make sure that we  recognize that the balance of the Court is at stake, let's make sure  that we use as our barometer whether Judge Kavanaugh will represent  your constitutional rights over the powerful, over the abuses of any  President, Congress, or corporate America. We don't want to be a  rubberstamp for President Trump, particularly in these times, when we  have the sensitive Mueller investigation going on, when we have the  President taking so much power.   We saw what he is doing with the borders and what he is doing in so  many ways, violating the basic values of this country. We want to make  sure there is an independent court that will not be beholden to the  President of the United States.   We need to protect the advancements we have made in healthcare,  including protections against preexisting conditions, women's right to  choice, and continue with the work on the high costs of healthcare.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   