 Madam President, I rise to talk about the abuse of  authority that is taking place with the administration's use of section  232 of the Trade Act to implement taxes on the American people. Let me  say this one more time. The President, and the administration, abusing  section 232 of the Trade Act, have decided on their own accord to tax  the American people. They have put in place a 25-percent tariff on  steel and aluminum and are getting ready to do so on some other  products. Yet, this is Congress's responsibility--Congress's  responsibility--to generate tariffs or deal with taxes.   The administration, by citing section 232--a national security  issue--is taxing goods coming into America from Canada, from Europe,  and our allies on a national security basis.   Today I wrote a letter to Secretary Ross, our Secretary of Commerce,  because it is my understanding--actually, today, in a hearing with the  Finance Committee, he said there were 22,506 requests from companies in  the United States asking for exclusions--exclusions--from being taxed  for goods that come in to support their companies.   I will say to my friends here, on what basis do we think these  exclusions might be granted? We have already had an abuse of authority  in using 232. I guess my question to Secretary Ross is, on what basis  is he going to be granting these exclusions? Are they going to be  friends of the administration who get exclusions? Are they going to  deny exclusions to opponents of the administration or are they going to  use the national security reason, if you will, to grant exclusions?   I want to say, again, I think this is our responsibility. I realize  that when additional tariffs go in place in July--when these other  countries retaliate, which is their plan on July 1--my guess is this  issue may become more ripe for action, not unlike what is happening at  the border right now where people are seeing what is occurring and  action is being promoted to solve the problem. I think, once the  tariffs by these other companies kick in against us on July 1--because  we, in a most unusual way, the administration citing national security  against Canada, Mexico, many of our NATO allies and the European  Union--I think this issue is going to become ripe. I think it is going  to become ripe for Senate action and House action.   Again, I will ask people in this room, knowing they cited 232, which  again is an abuse of that authority, are we comfortable with the  criteria that the administration is going to be using on the 22,000-- actually, let me see here. Maybe that is a low number. It is 26,977  issues that have been dealt with, but 22,506 exclusions have been asked  for. In other words, we have companies that are coming to the  administration which is abusing its authority. We have companies that  are going to the administration, asking that they not be impacted by  the taxes that are being placed on their companies, unilaterally by  this administration, with no congressional input.   I say to my colleagues, do we not want to know on what basis they  unilaterally are going to decide not to tax certain companies? In other  words, most companies are being taxed 25 percent. They just decided to  do that themselves. Yet they are going to grant exclusions.   I think this issue is going to wreak havoc on our country. It already  is wreaking havoc on our relationships with friends that have been with  us for many years in defense that have to come our aid, and we have  come to their aid. We have had alliances.   Again, I challenge the Senate to take action on this. There is an  amendment that is broadly supported by people on both sides of the  aisle, with a wide range of ideology, that would say, if we are going  to invoke 232, a national security section, we would vote on that. My  sense is, as this moves along, people are going to want to vote on  that, and I look forward to that day occurring.   With that, I yield the floor.   