 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, once again, I think Washington, DC, has  lost its mind. It is shameful that the minority party has engineered a  government shutdown at the expense of our troops and their families, at  the expense of our veterans, and at the expense of our children's  healthcare. To me, this is politics at its very worst.   Just like every American--the public that is out there--I am  frustrated. I am frustrated that I have to come to the floor to talk  about Congress once again failing the American public by not doing our  jobs.   At the risk of sounding like a broken record, time after time,  Congress has blown past our deadline to complete all the current fiscal  year appropriations and has punted on our responsibilities. Now, today,  the government has been shut down.   For years, I have been talking about how it is Congress's most basic  responsibility to create a budget and pass all the appropriations bills  on time. While some things in the Senate change, others just stay the  same. While the majority has been working to restore normal budgeting  practices, I am disappointed that my colleagues across the aisle have  spent their time doing everything they can to avoid deadlines and  choose routes of not working on appropriations bills and now have shut  down this government. Not only is this disappointing, it is also not a  surprise, given recent history.   I have personally never seen Congress pass all 12 appropriations  bills on time and on its own without an omnibus.   I have said this before, and I want to inform my colleagues that in  recent history, Congress has been able to accomplish its regular budget  and appropriations processes. For example, it happened under President  Clinton with a Republican Congress. It happened under President Reagan  with a Democratic Congress.   I have always said Washington is a pain-free zone that faces no  consequences if Members fail to do their jobs. Maybe it is time to  start facing some pain around here. That is why I have reintroduced-- and have introduced for years--my No Budget, No Pay Act. Regardless of  who is in the majority or who is in the minority, my No Budget, No Pay  legislation says that if Members of Congress do not pass an annual  concurrent budget resolution and all 12 spending bills on time each  year, then they should not get paid. I want to repeat that last part:  If Congress fails to pass all 12 spending bills on time each year, then  they should not get paid.    Both Chambers of Congress should pass all 12 appropriations bills on  time every year. That is doing our job, and if you don't do your job,  you don't get paid. So it is that simple. Most Americans sit around the  kitchen table each night paying their bills. Why should Congress be  different? It is time for some real responsibility and some real  accountability in our Nation's capital.   Since I have introduced No Budget, No Pay, I have been getting a lot  of positive support for this idea outside of Washington, DC. Rob from  Reno, NV, said: ``I'm fully in support of your stand on No Budget, No  Pay . . . because our spending is outrageous, it is ridiculous, and it  is out of control.''   James from Henderson, NV, said: No Budget, No Pay ``is the sort of  accountability that I expect from the nation's leaders.''   Until No Budget, No Pay is passed into law, I don't see any other way  to motivate Members of Congress to do their job and avoid the  government shutdowns and the continuing resolutions in the future. We  must pass the principles outlined in No Budget, No Pay. It will stop  these ridiculous government shutdowns in the future, and it will stop  Members of Congress from being right back here, year after year, making  the same speeches and taking the exact same votes.   I would say to any of my colleagues who are tired of this whole  process that has unfolded, regardless of what specific issues you are  fighting for, support my No Budget, No Pay Act. I believe Congress can  work together again, but it will take some accountability like No  Budget, No Pay to get us there.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   