 Mr. President, I rise to pay tribute to a trio of  excellent staffers, all of whom served with distinction on the Senate  Finance Committee for a number of years and who recently left the  committee to pursue other ventures.   First, Mr. President, I would like to say a few words about Chris  Campbell, a longtime friend and trusted adviser, who until recently  served as the Republican staff director on the committee. Last summer,  he was nominated and confirmed to serve as Assistant Secretary of the  Treasury for Financial Institutions.   I have known Chris for more than 17 years, and I cannot overstate his  importance and contributions to my years of work here in the Senate.  Chris joined my campaign for President back in 2000, where I  immediately recognized his talent and leadership abilities and  appointed him to be my national field director, although he was  relatively young and inexperienced at the time. Needless to say, I  don't blame Chris for how that particular campaign turned out. In fact,  that same year, I asked him to serve as director for my Senate  reelection campaign, which thankfully met with much better results.  After that, he came to Washington to serve on my staff on the Senate  Judiciary Committee.  [[Page S90]]    I have long urged my staffers to get as much education as possible to  enhance their understanding and gain new perspectives. I nagged Chris  about this during my Presidential campaign. Eventually, after working  on my staff for a few years, he wanted to upgrade his bachelor's degree  in political science from the University of California at Santa Barbara  with an MBA from the Thunderbird School of Global Management.   A short time after receiving his MBA and a brief stint in the private  sector, Chris desired to return to public service, and when he returned  to Washington, I hired him back without hesitation and asked him to  serve as my legislative director, a post he held until 2011 when I took  over as the lead Republican on the Finance Committee and appointed him  to be the staff director.   During his time on the committee staff, Chris quarterbacked every  major effort we undertook. This includes successes like the approval of  free-trade agreements, the bipartisan renewal of trade promotion  authority and the modernization of U.S. trade laws, the repeal and  replacement of the Medicare sustainable growth rate, and the long-term  funding of the Federal highway trust fund, just to name a few.   Of course, his work on the long-term tax reform effort was  invaluable. We began our work on tax reform right out of the gate in  2011 and worked with Chairman Baucus and others to drive it forward.  Chris was a key part of all of the work we did over the years to  advance tax reform. While his move to Treasury came just before the  final stages of that effort, I was fortunately able to benefit from his  continued advice and counsel as we moved closer to and eventually  crossed the finish line.   Chris is a shrewd but effective negotiator and a brilliant  legislative strategist. Congressional Quarterly named him one of the  seven most influential non-elected people working in Congress, and Roll  Call put him on its list of the 50 most influential staffers on Capitol  Hill for 7 straight years. Clearly, I am not the only one who  recognizes his abilities. I know the other members of the Finance  Committee--on both sides of the aisle--have also acknowledged and  benefited from his years of work.   Still, even with all of his accomplishments, what stands out most to  me about Chris Campbell is his life story. He is a great example of how  hard work and education can help a person become much more than what  some statistician might predict. Chris grew up in Hemet, CA, as one of  six children who struggled--and that is putting it lightly--to make  ends meet. He didn't grow up with family connections or powerful  benefactors, but thanks to his diligence and determination and no  shortage of natural ability, he became one of the most effective and  influential staffers on Capitol Hill, and he now serves in a key  leadership role in the administration.   While it pained me to see him head off to Treasury, I have been  comforted to know that the President knows how to pick the best people  and that the Department of the Treasury is being well served.   I personally want to thank Chris for his years in working with me,  for his candid and thoughtful advice, and for his commitment to public  service. I wish him all the best in his future endeavors, which I am  quite sure will be just as successful as his time here.   