 Mr. President I want to thank my friend from Pennsylvania  for his comments and for his leadership on issues relative to free  trade and other important issues to our Nation. I just want to  reiterate for a minute, before I ask for this amendment to be called  up, the fact that this particular amendment, No. 1, is cosponsored by  14 people of various ideologies, on both sides of the aisle. Senator  Flake, who is here on the floor, is a cosponsor of this amendment. It  is probably one of the most supported amendments we are going to vote  on as it relates to the farm bill.   Is the farm bill the right place? Absolutely. Farmers around our  country are being hurt by this administration's trade policies, and  more than 20 farm bills could help them. So it is very important for us  to address this issue now.   Some of my friends on the other side of the aisle--by the way, we  have many people on the other side of the aisle supporting this  legislation, this amendment--have said: Well, we don't want to hurt our  ability to impose tariffs on China.   This has nothing to do with that. As the Senator from Pennsylvania  mentioned, the President has used section 201 of the Trade Act to put  in place tariffs on solar panels and on washing machines. He did that  in January. The additional tariffs that he is putting in place on China  are under section 301.   What this amendment narrowly focuses on is the abuse of authority  that the administration is utilizing to put tariffs in place on Canada,  Mexico, and on many of our allies, especially in Europe, and what he is  doing is citing national security. It is dubious. All of us know that  it has nothing whatsoever to do with national security, but the reason  the President is using this is that he doesn't have to prove anything  to use it. Under the other sections, you have to deal with the WTO or  the ITC, and you have to actually make a case for what it is you are  doing.   When you use section 232, no case has to be made. He can just do it.  Therefore, because of this abuse of authority, that is the reason we  believe the President ought to be free to negotiate these.   Sure, he is the leader of our Nation, but once he completes those  negotiations, if he is going to use section 232 of the Trade Act, we  believe he should come to Congress, as was laid out by the Senator from  Pennsylvania.   With that, I ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment  to call up amendment No. 3091.    Madam President, I don't even know where to start. The  Senator from Ohio is a friend of mine. We came in together at the same  time. He has written books on labor and trade, and I respect the fact  that he knows a great deal about the topic. We serve together on the  Banking Committee, and I respect him.   Much of what he just said was focused on China. I have never heard of  a trade policy where you have a country like China, which is, in fact,  dumping steel around the world because it is in their interest--I have  never heard of a trade policy where you punish your friends in order to  get at someone who is doing something to you. So we are punishing  Canada and Mexico.   We are fortunate to live in the neighborhood we live in, to have the  neighbors we have. We are punishing our European allies, who have been  with us for centuries, in order to get at China. It makes no sense.   As a matter of fact, I haven't heard a person who has gone to the  White House to talk about what they are putting in place--a trade  policy--come back over here and be able to articulate anything coherent  about that policy. I haven't heard a single soul be able to explain to  me why we would punish our allies in Europe and our neighbors next door  in order to get at China.   Section 232 has nothing to do with China. That is absolutely not  true; it has nothing to do with China. China is being punished by 201  and 301, and we are punishing our allies by abusing a national security  section called 232. So I don't know what to say.    Let me finish one more thing before I yield, and I will  gladly yield.   People in our Nation are being hurt today. People are being hurt. We  saw the Harley-Davidson issue, where they are going to move some of the  jobs overseas to avoid these tariffs. Other companies are going to be  doing the same.   Right now, farmers are being hurt around our country. On July 1, a  whole other set of countermeasures is coming in from other countries.  On July 6, there will be a whole other set of countermeasures coming  in.   I just want the record to be clear. The Senator from Ohio, my friend,  will not even allow us to vote. If he disagrees with this policy, he  can vote against it. He is not even allowing us to vote on something  that could ease and stop the pain that is being inflicted on our  country by a trade policy that is not coherent, that is being made up  on a daily basis, and that has nothing whatsoever to do with what China  is doing with steel and aluminum.   I don't know what this body has become when you can't even vote on an  issue that is current, that is damaging farmers more than 20 farm bills  could make up for.   With that, I yield the floor to my friend from Pennsylvania.    Madam President, I will be very brief. I know the Senator  from Ohio wants to speak, and the Senator from Wyoming has been  waiting.   People in our Nation are being hurt today. Americans are being taxed  heavily. A tariff is a tax on the American people. What the Senator  from Ohio is doing is saying that the Senate should not even vote on a  measure to alleviate the pain that Americans are going to feel and the  jobs that are going to be  [[Page S4472]]  lost over the next couple of months as this trade war continues.   I am just disappointed. I cannot believe it. With the zeal with which  we both came to the Senate 11\1/2\ years ago to debate and deal with  the big issues of our Nation and to have an amendment that is supported  in a bipartisan way when people know that the trade policy being put  forth by this administration is being made up on a daily basis and they  know that jobs are going to be lost and farmers are already hurt, we  cannot even vote, even though we may disagree, on an amendment.   So on this day, June 27, let it be known that on a bill that is very  relevant because of the pain that farmers are going through, we were  kept from voting on a measure that would have alleviated an incoherent  policy from continuing as it relates to trade.   With that, I yield the floor.    Madam President, this amendment has nothing to do with  China. This amendment deals with Canada, Mexico, our European allies,  and other countries. I guess when we go back home this week and we talk  to our constituents and they talk to us--I had a member of the UAW  write a letter to the editor thanking me for these efforts that are  underway to stop these tariffs that are killing the automobile industry  or will kill the automobile industry that exists in Ohio and Tennessee.  But I guess what I will tell him is, well, we couldn't vote on a simple  measure that would allow Congress to vote up or down on tariffs the  President negotiates. But what we are going to do, while you lose your  jobs, while you pay 25 percent more for steel and aluminum, while these  industries go away, I will tell them: Well, we are going to have  hearings.   With that, I yield the floor.   