 Mr. President, I would like to make just a couple of  comments on my friend's having left the Senate and with respect to the  remarks that he just made.   The Senate has had some very good people over the years, and  currently, but none have been more principled than my friend from  Arizona, Jeff Flake.   It started for us to see when he was a Member of House of  Representatives and at first singlehandedly fought inappropriate  earmarks. He even managed to get himself appointed to the  Appropriations Committee for a while so that he could carry on his  crusade from within. In the end, he was successful.   I was pleased to support him as my successor to the U.S. Senate. He  has his priorities right: faith, family, and country. He has spoken  about both his faith and his family here.   Not very many of us have the opportunity to serve from a town named  after our own family, and that is how far Senator Flake's roots go back  in the State of Arizona.   He has spoken, not just today but on earlier occasions, from his  heart about things that he sees need improvement here in the U.S.  Senate. I think we are all aware of the things of which he speaks, and  it has been appropriate for him to do so because, as he pointed out, in  order for us to be a beacon to others around the world in support of  liberty, individual freedom, we have to demonstrate how it can be  practiced right here in the United States of America.   We would all like to leave this place better than we found it, and it  is not easy to do, but Senator Flake has tried his best.   He also spoke about our democratic republic and our focus on  individual liberty and how that has had an impact around the world and  how others have tried to emulate what we do here. These are universal  principles that we need to focus on. What he has reminded us of here  today is that freedom is not free, and each day we all have to do our  part from wherever we sit to ensure that future generations will enjoy  the kind of freedom that we have had, and that starts with our  representatives in the U.S. Government. It was a fitting subject for a  farewell address, and wise counsel was given, as always.   I want to salute my colleague Jeff Flake as a person, though, as much  as a public servant and Senator. He embodies what is right about the  people of the United States of America. As I said, he has his  priorities right, and he has been willing to serve based upon those  priorities.   I wish him and his family all the best in their next endeavors. I  know because of his dedication to this country and the principles in  which he believes that his service will not end at the end of his time  here in the U.S. Senate, and we will all be beneficiaries of that.   So to my friend and colleague Jeff Flake, Godspeed. I appreciate your  remarks today.   I yield the floor.   