 Mr. Speaker, this moment in time in this previously  respected and hallowed Hall is being diminished in the same manner in  which the White House has recently been diminished. President Trump  recently had a meeting and he referred to the Roosevelt Room, where he  had a meeting with Cabinet members and other Senators, as ``the  studio.'' The studio, as if this is all theater, ``Theatre of the  Absurd.''   Now, the President has a history in entertainment, and he may be  trying to get a lifetime Oscar for the most farcical display or  appearance of an executive since Governor Lepetomane of Mel Brooks  fame.   But this House should not follow in those footsteps and make this  Congress a studio for a show being presented for the right-to-life  people who are marching on this anniversary of Roe v. Wade.   This bill violates regular order, which we were supposed to be  implementing. There was no hearing in the subcommittee, there was no  hearing in the committee, and there have been no amendments allowed.  This is irregular. This is not regular order.   This is a theater, a show put on and produced by Trent Franks, who  left this House under disgrace, and continued by this Republican  administration while this government possibly could go into shutdown.  Yet we are acting like this is not the situation. We have a bill that  will go nowhere in the Senate, that is unnecessary, and that violates  the principles of federalism because most of the principles herein are  reserved to the States and are unnecessary and are an impediment to a  woman's health, in many cases making the Members of Congress doctors  and superimposing their magical medical knowledge over that of  physicians who are attending the pregnant woman and the child.   It is already against the law to murder a child. If the child is  born, it is a child, and to not use the duty of care that a doctor has  would be murder. That is State law, but it is already the law. To  require it to be taken immediately to a hospital could endanger the  child. It should be a decision by the doctor.   This is the theater of the absurd. We should not be in this House  making it into a studio like President Trump has made the White House  into a studio. We should be going through regular order and considering  bills that have a chance to protect the American people and women.   