 Mr. President, there should be no issue of more  importance to Members of Congress than the issue of war and peace and  when it is appropriate to send the young people of our country into  harm's way, knowing that some of them will not return home alive.   It goes without saying that every armed conflict the United States of  America is engaged in must be consistent with the Constitution of the  United States and be lawful.   Let's make no mistake about it--article I, section 8 of the  Constitution states in no uncertain terms that ``Congress shall have  the power to . . . declare war.'' The Founding Fathers gave the power  to declare war to Congress because Congress is that body most  accountable to the people.   For far too long, Congress--under Democratic and Republican  administrations--has abdicated its constitutional role in authorizing  war. The time is long overdue for Congress to reassert its  constitutional authority. If you think that a military intervention  makes sense, then let's have that debate on the floors of the Senate  and the House and cast a vote. But that is not what we have been seeing  for a number of years.   What Senator Lee and Senator Murphy and I are doing with privileged  resolution S.J. Res. 54 is demanding that Congress once again take its  constitutional responsibility for war and peace seriously. I thank  Senators Durbin, Warren, and Booker for coming on board that  resolution. I hope this bipartisan resolution will gain more and more  support in the coming days.   Many Americans are unaware that the people of Yemen are suffering  today in a devastating civil war, with Saudi Arabia and their allies on  one side and Houthi rebels on the other.   In November of last year, the United Nations emergency relief  coordinator said that Yemen was on the brink of ``the largest famine  the world has seen for many decades.'' So far, at least 10,000  civilians have died, 3 million have been displaced, and over 40,000  have been wounded in this war. Fifteen million people lack access to  clean water and sanitation. More than 20 million people in Yemen--over  two-thirds of that country's population--need some kind of humanitarian  support, with nearly 10 million in acute need of assistance. More than  1 million suspected cholera cases have been reported--1 million cholera  cases have been reported--representing potentially the worst cholera  outbreak in world history.   Many Americans probably are not aware that U.S. forces have been  actively engaged in support of the Saudis in this terrible war,  providing intelligence and aerial refueling of planes whose bombs have  killed thousands of people and made this crisis far worse.   We believe--and I speak for Senator Lee and Senator Murphy--that as  Congress has not declared war or authorized military force in this  conflict, U.S. involvement in Yemen is unconstitutional and  unauthorized, and U.S. military support of the Saudi coalition must  end. Without congressional authorization, our engagement in this war  should be restricted to providing desperately needed humanitarian aid  and diplomatic efforts to put an end to this terrible conflict. That is  why yesterday we introduced a joint resolution pursuant to the 1973 War  Powers Resolution calling for an end to U.S. support for the Saudi war  in Yemen.   The War Powers Resolution defines the introduction of U.S. Armed  Forces to include ``the assignment of members of such armed forces to  command, coordinate, participate in the movement of, or accompany the  regular or irregular military forces of any foreign country or  government when such military forces are engaged, or there exists an  imminent threat that such forces will become engaged, in hostilities.''  That is from the War Powers Resolution. Assisting with targeting  intelligence and refueling warplanes as they bomb those targets clearly  meets this definition.   This is not a partisan issue. Support for the Saudi intervention in  Yemen began under a Democratic President and has continued under a  Republican one. Senator Lee is a conservative Republican. I am a  progressive Independent who caucuses with the Democrats.   In November of last year--and it is important that Members of the  Senate hear this--the U.S. House of Representatives, by a vote of 366  to 30, passed a nonbinding resolution stating that U.S. involvement in  the Yemen civil war is unauthorized. Every Member of the Democratic  leadership voted for this. Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi voted for it.  Minority Whip Steny Hoyer voted for it. The ranking member of the House  Foreign Affairs Committee, Eliot Engel, voted for it, as did the  Republican chairman of that committee, Ed Royce.   Here is the bottom line: If the President or Members of Congress  believe that support for this war is in the U.S. interest and that we  should be involved in it, then let them come to the floor of the House  and Senate, make their case, and then let's have a vote.   I believe we have become far too comfortable with the United States  engaging in military interventions all over the world. We have now been  in  [[Page S1302]]  Afghanistan for nearly 17 years--the longest war in American history.  Our troops are now in Syria under what I believe are questionable  authorities, and the administration has indicated that it may broaden  that military mission even more.   The time is long overdue for Congress to reassert its constitutional  role in determining when and where our country goes to war. I am very  proud to be working with Senators Lee, Murphy, and others on this  vitally important issue.   Thank you very much   