 Mr. Speaker, every citizen in our Nation deserves a chance  to achieve their American Dream. For thousands across the country,  their American Dream consists of owning a home or starting their own  business. Some laws have proven helpful in achieving this dream; others  have created obstacles by codifying government overreach.   In 1975, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act was enacted. This important  law exposed and helped eliminate discriminatory lending practices,  particularly against minorities. In short, this law helped more  Americans realize their dream of owning a house.   Over the years, however, the disclosure required by the law has  expanded away from the original intent and has actually become an  obstacle preventing small, medium, and local lenders from helping  aspiring homeowners.   In 2015, the Dodd-Frank-created agency, the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau, or CFPB, demanded from lenders more than double the  amount of data originally required under the Home Mortgage Disclosure  Act. That double-the-data rule took effect on the first of this month.   Larger financial firms are able to adapt. In fact, most, if not all,  continue to be in the home mortgage business; but for smaller financial  firms, for the family-owned bank on Main Street, USA, the double-the- data rule means making fewer mortgages or none at all. This unintended  result is something each of us has heard over and over again in our  home districts.   Again, these are not the Wells Fargos, Bank of Americas, or J.P.  Morgans. These are the small guys on Main Street, in small towns all  across Minnesota and our country.   As a direct result of having fewer and fewer small, medium, and local  lenders in the home mortgage business or offering the capital necessary  for their neighbor's small business to get off the ground, the CFPB's  rule has put the American Dream out of reach for many Americans.   Mr. Speaker, today we have an opportunity to rightsize government  regulation to create more opportunity. We have the opportunity to  encourage small and medium financial institutions in our local  communities to keep their doors open, to make mortgages again, to make  loans to would-be entrepreneurs, in short, to fund the dreams of their  neighbors and friends. We have the opportunity to expand not the law  but, rather and instead, the number of Americans who can own a home or  start their own business.   I first introduced the Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act when I  [[Page H426]]  came to Congress in 2015. It is a bill that will keep the original  intent of the 1975 HMDA law. Nothing will overwrite or exempt any  financial institution, big or small, from reporting data related to  race or gender. It is a bill that will put a stop to the loss of  lenders we see in our home districts by providing desperately needed  regulatory relief for Main Street banks and credit unions. I am proud  to say it is a bill that has been perfected with input from both sides  of the aisle and in both Chambers.   Our goal today shouldn't be to expand the law. Our goal today should  be to expand the number of Americans who want to get one step closer to  achieving their American Dream, whether it is owning a home or starting  a business. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2954 will help us achieve this goal.   If my colleagues share the goal, then I ask you to vote ``yes'' on  H.R. 2954 and pass the Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act.    