 Mr. Speaker, it appears the stated reason  for this resolution, listening to my colleague who just spoke from  South Carolina, is the rule of law, integrity, upholding our democracy,  all things that I think people on both sides of the aisle support and  can get behind.   But, when you read the resolution, you would also think that we have  a nationwide problem of undocumented immigrants voting and influencing  our election. I would expect that, if that is the case, the sponsors of  this legislation would introduce evidence that shows this widespread  problem. I would hope that they are not relying upon the bogus, false  claim that Donald Trump put forward that there are undocumented  voters--3 million of them, he said--which has been panned and rebuked  by every expert in the country.   I would hope they are not relying on the voting rights commission  that Donald Trump put in place after the election that could best be  compared to an airplane that is still at the gate with a lot of  maintenance problems and is probably never, ever going to get off the  ground.   There is zero evidence to support this resolution. But you know who  did interfere in our last election; you know who did seek to influence  the American voter? The Russians.   You know who does not care about the rule of law? The Russians.   Do you know who does not care about integrity at the ballot box? The  Russians.   Our intelligence community unanimously concluded--unanimously, across  the board--that the Russians sought to interfere and influence the last  election. So I thought, well, if my colleagues across the aisle are  interested in addressing integrity at the ballot box, they would accept  an amendment that would also condemn what the Russians did.   They will not accept that amendment, and I would yield to my  colleagues if they were open to accepting that amendment and showing  the American people that they truly are interested in protecting the  integrity of the ballot box.   After this attack on our elections, I put forward legislation with  Elijah Cummings to have an independent commission look back at our  better days where, after September 11, Republicans and Democrats on the  House stairs united and sang ``God Bless America'' but also came  together, worked together, and used unity as an antidote against an  adversary's attack. Only two Republicans have signed on to that bill.   I thought on the Intelligence Committee we could look at who was  responsible, how the Russians did this, identify U.S. persons who  worked with the Russians, and tell the American people how this would  never happen again. Instead, that investigation has been shuttered, and  we learn almost every day from new indictments from the special  counsel's investigation that there is evidence that U.S. persons worked  with the Russians.   I thought on the Judiciary Committee we would look at the government  response to what the Russians were doing.    I thought on the Judiciary Committee we  would look at some of these issues in our democracy. Instead, we have  gone back in time and we have reopened and relitigated the Hillary  Clinton emails.  [[Page H9051]]    This resolution does nothing but divide Americans even further. It  stokes an issue where there is no evidence of it even occurring, and it  fails to address our true common enemy: any adversary, from any country  who would seek to interfere in our election.   Let's not miss this opportunity now to address that threat and unite  and say we are not going to tolerate it.   