 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment. Employee- owned businesses are uniquely structured where the employer and the  shareholders and the executives benefit, as well as the workers.   There are different forms of making sure that employees can  participate in the success and capital growth of a company. Those  include co-ops, cooperatives; ESOPs, which stands for employee stock  ownership plans; stock options; profit sharing. There are a number of  ways to do it.   But some of the key findings are that, over time, employees at  employee-owned businesses, whether they are partially or entirely owned  by employees, have greater success. The companies do better and the  workers do better: higher wages; more savings for retirement; more  sustainability; and more profitability as an enterprise, because it  improves retention rates and employee morale.   I think that employee-owned businesses are an important market- oriented mechanism to reduce the wage gap between executives,  shareholders, and workers. But it can be difficult for a business to  transition to an employee-ownership model or a business structure that  allows for accessing financing and capital markets to make that  transition happen.   That is why I am sponsoring this amendment today to encourage the  Small Business Administration to provide technical assistance, as well  as education and outreach about existing programs, one of which is  called the loan guarantee program, which is available to employee-owned  businesses.   SBA loans are a critical resource for many small businesses, and the  employee-owned loan guarantee program is underutilized because a lot of  lenders don't understand the unique nature of employee-owned  businesses, especially smaller banks.   ESOPs can be a very compelling model, as can the other models of  employee ownership. There are a number of successful employee-owned  companies in the district I am honored to represent in northern  Colorado, including New Belgium Brewing.   SBA loans are actually a critical part of helping companies make that  transition to employee ownership, especially for small and midsized  enterprises.   I encourage the adoption of my amendment to help employee-owned  businesses access financing options that will help small businesses  grow, and help our communities retain community, local employee  ownership of small businesses. I encourage my colleagues on both sides  of the aisle to support this amendment to highlight the role that SBA  can play in making employee ownership options a real-life occurrence  for more companies and people across our country.   Mr. Chairman, of course, there are a number of pieces of legislation,  many of them bipartisan, under the jurisdiction of different committees  with regard to how we can remove barriers to employee ownership in our  economy. But this simple one before us today would simply encourage the  SBA to provide technical assistance under current authorized, funded  programs, to help make sure that there is a greater awareness about the  opportunities of employee ownership, both for economic productivity as  well as for reducing the equity and wage gap in our country.   Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   