 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3996, the Protecting  Access to the Courts for Taxpayers Act. This bipartisan legislation  would ensure that taxpayers who mistakenly file certain claims in the  wrong venue will still have their day in court.   Under current law, when a Federal court does not have jurisdiction  over a case, it typically may transfer that case to the appropriate  Federal court that does have proper jurisdiction. However, due to a  quirk in the law, the United States Tax Court is not authorized to have  misfiled cases transferred to it, even when the Tax Court is the  proper--and, in many cases, the only--court with jurisdiction to hear  the case.   This legislation will remedy that flaw in the law and enable Federal  courts to transfer cases directly to the Tax Court when appropriate.  The need for this bill is not simply a matter of judicial efficiency;  it is fundamentally one of access to justice.   The Tax Court was established to resolve disputes between taxpayers  and the Internal Revenue Service, and many taxpayers choose to  represent themselves in Tax Court proceedings. Unfortunately, these  litigants--lacking legal representation--make procedural errors,  including filing in the wrong court.   In most instances, by the time a taxpayer's claim is dismissed for  lack of jurisdiction, the strict guidelines and deadlines for filing in  the Tax Court--generally 90 days or fewer--have long passed, and the  taxpayer is then barred from filing a claim altogether.   By allowing these cases to be transferred directly to the Tax Court,  H.R. 3996 ensures that the case will retain its original filing date  and the taxpayer will be able to preserve his or her claim. As a result  of this modest but significant amendment to current law, this bill will  protect the right of taxpayers to be heard in court.   I appreciate the efforts of the various Tax Court representatives who  are bringing this issue to our attention and for their guidance in  helping us to develop the legislation.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to acknowledge H.R. 3996's  author, my friend, Representative Darrell Issa, whose leadership on  this issue is to be commended. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to  support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   