 Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R.  8, the Water Resources Development Act of 2018. Our district, centered  in Eastside and Northside Houston and eastern Harris County, was one of  the most highly impacted by Hurricane Harvey. While we have passed  emergency supplemental funding the Port of Houston and the Army Corps  of Engineers have drastic needs for mitigating the damage done by  Harvey.   The Port of Houston is the second busiest in the U.S. in terms of  overall tonnage and the busiest in the U.S. in terms of foreign  tonnage. Silt, from the bayous has drastically limited maneuverability  and depth. The port had recently completed dredging to 45 feet. Many of  the ships can no longer get through the channel due to hurricane  damage. The disaster funding has not reached our ports.   The port currently estimates that first phase of recovery from the  storm will cost an estimated $457 million dollars. The ship channel is  the lifeblood of Houston. The energy renaissance that we have  experienced in this country is also driven by industry that relies on  the Port and the ship channel. It's absolutely essential to our  district that we adequately fund corps projects that get the port back  at their normal capacity.   Decades ago Congress created the Harbor Maintenance Fund, a tax on  goods to keep our ports and harbors in good working order, and every  year appropriators do not appropriate the needed funds. It is past time  that we start putting all the money collected from port economic  activity back into maintaining our ports.   Army Corps of Engineer projects go hand in hand with the health of  our ports as well. Houston is a city of Bayous. When our Bayou's are  damaged in a storm like Harvey the silt flows downstream into the ship  channel. The turning basis, which was hit hard in the Tax Day Floods of  2016 has seen draft restrictions for over 1,300 days now.   These Army Corps projects don't just save money though, they create  jobs. These improvements in this bill aren't theoretical, they're  shovel ready projects the Corps has read to go.   The Army Corps of Engineers recently announced that it was allocating  around $360 million to address high-priority needs for hurricane  ravaged regions but unfortunately while many projects have been  submitted to the Office of Management and Budget, no action has been  take to clear these projects.   I call on Director Mulvaney to take immediate action on these needs  so OMB won't stand as a roadblock to protecting my constituents as we  enter a new hurricane season. I'd like to thank my colleagues on the  Transportation and Infrastructure committee for crafting a Water  Resources Development Act that addresses these pressing issues and urge  my colleagues to support the bill.   