 Mr. President, last night, the Major League Baseball All- Star Game was hosted in Washington. In conjunction with that game, the  Negro Leagues Baseball Museum hosted an event to honor the Homestead  Grays, which was one of the teams from that league. There were great  teams in that league. The Homestead Grays had won the Negro League  World Series in 1943, which was 75 years ago. They had a great exhibit  here in town about that team and about the history of that league.  [[Page S5049]]    The museum, which was founded in 1990, is located in Kansas City, MO.  It is dedicated to highlighting and preserving that important part of  our sports history--the history of African-American baseball. Bob  Kendrick runs that museum, and it is a museum I would encourage all of  my colleagues to visit as the All-Star Game was in Kansas City a few  years ago, and it was one of the venues for Major League Baseball.   When people are in Kansas City, playing the Royals, managers and  coaches often take their players there--players who haven't been there  before and players who want to go back--just for them to have a sense  of what it was like when there was the segregation of baseball and also  some of the great players who played there. The chairman of the board,  Stewart Myers, was here yesterday, and the vice chairman, Adam Sachs,  was here yesterday.   The museum is actually expanding and building the Buck O'Neil  Research and Education Center on the Paseo in Kansas City. Buck O'Neil  was a great Kansas Citian, but he had also been a great part of Negro  Leagues Baseball. In June of this year, vandals broke into the YMCA, on  which a lot of money had already been spent. It was where that part of  the museum, the research center, was going to be housed. The vandals  did more damage than they should have been able to do, and,  unfortunately, there was some water damage in the building. Yet that  effort continues.   The Negro National League was created there in 1920 at that Paseo  YMCA. There was an owners meeting, and the owners decided, It is time  we really put more of a structure into this league. So they established  a league. Before 1920, these African-American teams barnstormed around  the country and played whomever they could play. After 1920, they could  still barnstorm, but there was a league, there was a league  championship, and there was a structure they had not had before.   In 1947, as every baseball fan knows, the Brooklyn Dodgers decided to  integrate baseball, and Jackie Robinson, who had played for the Kansas  City Monarchs, was the first player to step into that challenge of  integrated baseball. The league lasted another 13 years or so. I think  the last team finally folded in the early 1960s.   Some of the greatest baseball and the most exciting baseball ever  played was played in this particular league--names like Satchel Paige,  who said about himself that he was so fast he could turn off the light  in the bedroom and be in bed before it got dark. He was a great  pitcher, and he was a great runner. Buck O'Neil, Satchel Paige, Cool  Papa Bell, Jackie Robinson, and 100 other names in that last 3 years of  the 1940s who joined the Major Leagues are all part of that story.   Missouri teams were an important part of that story. The Monarchs  played for 37 seasons, and I already mentioned that Jackie Robinson  played briefly for the Monarchs before he went to the Dodgers. They won  a dozen league championships. They sent more players than any other  team to the Major Leagues. The St. Louis Stars, who were on the other  side of our State--originally the St. Louis Giants--played 12 seasons.  They won the league championship in 1928, in 1930, and in 1931.   The real focus of the exhibit here this week was on the Homestead  Grays. Now, where did the Homestead Grays come from? I think I already  mentioned they were celebrating the 75th anniversary of winning the  Negro League World Series in 1943. The Homestead Grays were originally  based in Homestead, PA, just outside of Pittsburgh.   In 1940, in 1941, and in 1942, they played at least half of their  games here in Washington. When the Washington Senators were traveling,  the ballpark would be available, and the Homestead Grays would play  games there. By 1943, they were playing about two-thirds of their games  in Washington and generally had more people at their games than the  Washington Senators had at their games. They won nine consecutive  league pennants from 1937 through 1945.   There was even an effort, when the Nationals team was brought here,  to call the Nationals the Washington Grays because of that tremendous  team that had played here. The team owners chose the Nationals because  it was one of the Washington Senators' official nicknames. That is an  important part of our history right there, and we are going to be  celebrating the 100th anniversary of that league in 2020.   I and Congressman Cleaver, who is on the other side of this building,  are looking at ways to draw more attention to this great part of our  story. It is sad because of the segregated elements of it, but it is a  great story because of the entrepreneurship and the sportsmanship and  the competitive nature of that league.    I can tell the Senator is interested. I am pleased to  yield.    Right.    I think that is an important part of the history.   There were a couple of players there last night who had played in the  league, and of course there are fewer of those players all the time. I  have had a chance, as you have had, to meet and talk to them over the  years--to talk about the excitement of that kind of baseball and their  ability to entertain both with their sportsmanship as well as just with  their talent as sportsmen.   I think it was a great league, and it is a great story. I don't know  if the Senator has had a chance to go to the museum in Kansas City, but  as a guy who knew those players and appreciates what that league was  all about, I would certainly love to go there with the Senator  sometime.    I am looking forward, along with others, to celebrating  that century of history. It is an important part of the story to be  told, and I am glad the Senator has helped add to it here today.   