 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Boozman). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President and colleagues, Chairman Hatch was on the  [[Page S327]]  floor a bit ago talking about the Children's Health Insurance Program.  Because his remarks were greatly misleading, I thought it was  important--having heard my good friend, my longtime friend, earlier, I  thought it was important to come to the floor this afternoon and set  the record straight about the Children's Health Insurance Program.   The fact is, the chairman and I did negotiate an important Children's  Health Insurance Program extension back in September--bipartisan--and I  put in a lot of time, both inside this Congress and outside the Halls  of Congress, in order to line up bipartisan support for that effort.  And we did, in fact, in the Finance Committee, have near unanimous  bipartisan support. That was months and months ago.   The fact is, at that point, the Children's Health Insurance Program  could have passed the Congress within days, but unfortunately the  Republicans in the other body had some other ideas. From the moment the  Senate Finance Committee passed the bill in a bipartisan way, the kids  became hostage to the Republican political agenda.   First, the House Republicans tried to force ideological cuts in  important health programs, including Medicare, in order to allow this  deal to go forward. Then they conditioned helping the vulnerable kids  on kicking Americans off their private health insurance. When that  didn't work, they took yet another hostage: vaccines and preventive  health. For some reason, the other body, the House, wanted to cut off  programs that make Americans healthier by preventing disease in the  first place. For obvious reasons, Democrats weren't willing to  sacrifice that hostage, either.   Now, months after there was a bipartisan deal to finally give peace  of mind to these parents and children, the House Republicans have taken  yet another hostage. This time, we are talking about the proper  functioning of the Federal Government.   The Republicans have been stumbling from one continuing resolution to  another continuing resolution since they took power, sacrificing the  readiness of the military, impeding the Federal response to natural  disasters, and handicapping rural hospitals that don't know when they  are going to get paid for the care they provide. We are not going to  sacrifice this hostage, either.   The minority leader, Senator Schumer, has made a good-faith offer to  give the Senate a week to actually come to an agreement to keep the  government functioning. I think this makes sense because the cycle of  destructive, nakedly political, bad-faith governing can't continue.   What we have is a display of the worst of American politics. The fact  is, Republicans control the White House, the Senate, and the House of  Representatives. That means that you get to set the agenda, and you get  to set the schedule. But Republican leaders watched and did nothing as  the deadline for CHIP funding passed in the fall. So what we had at the  end of the year was this picture of how millions of American kids were  lower on the list of the Republican priorities than borrowing $1.5  trillion in order to give additional money to multinational  corporations and the political donor class, when the multinational  corporations were already awash in cash.   Since the fall, there has been a near constant stream of Republicans  appearing on television and in print saying again and again that they  are all for the Children's Health Insurance Program--by God, they just  want to take care of the kids. The fact is, those Republicans speaking  out on television had months to act. They had almost a year. The  program expired 111 days ago, and the Finance Committee passed a  bipartisan bill that really kicked this all off. I felt very strongly  about doing that. The chairman has a long history of working on it, and  I wanted to make sure that we were coming right out of the box and  getting a strong, bipartisan bill, knowing that perhaps the chairman of  the committee would retire. So if there was an up-or-down vote on the  Children's Health Insurance Program in the Senate after we moved last  fall, it would have gotten 80 votes--probably more--and probably 300  votes in the other body, if that bipartisan measure that came out of  the Finance Committee in the fall had had an up-or-down vote. The fact  is, the only reason that hasn't happened is the cynical political  strategy which I have described that evolved over the months since the  Finance Committee acted in a bipartisan way and which has produced this  crisis this body faces now.   Even the President, apparently in a moment of unsupervised so-called  executive time, said that a long-term CHIP bill ought to move forward  unobstructed.   A few weeks ago, the Congress learned--and I made a special push for  this because it was clear, as a result of these ill-advised changes  that were part of the tax bill, that coverage would be more expensive  in the private exchanges and that CHIP would look like an even better  investment than it already was. As a result of that information we  obtained, it, in fact, saves money to make the Children's Health  Insurance Program permanent. Making it permanent, as amazing as it  sounds, is a better deal than a 6-year extension and less of an expense  for the taxpayers.   True fiscal conservatives, in my view, ought to be tripping over  themselves in order to pass a permanent Children's Health Insurance  Program without preconditions. Yet, at every turn in this program for  the future of so many vulnerable kids--9 million kids--what we saw was  not action but Republican leaders taking yet another hostage.   So I want to be clear. I think what we have seen over the last few  months is the exploitation of children by the governing party here in  the Nation's Capital. It is wrong. It is causing needless panic among  millions of families who are caring for sick kids. This is a crisis  made over the last few months by the governing party here in  Washington, and it ought to end here, today, with the governing party,  the Republicans, releasing the hostage, passing--all of us together--a  clean, very short spending bill that would allow this continuing  resolution nonsense to end once and for all.   I believe it is in the country's interest to have a permanent  extension of the Children's Health Insurance Program. It is an  extension that saves the taxpayers money. What you do by making this  program permanent is you give more youngsters in America the  opportunity for better health, which gives them more opportunity to  achieve their full potential in the years ahead.   I will close with this. More than anything else, what I have tried to  do is dedicate my time in public service to working in a bipartisan way  on healthcare. I have always felt that healthcare was the most  important issue. I was director of the senior citizens for almost 7  years. The group was called the Gray Panthers. I ran the legal aid  office. I decided then that if you and your loved ones--my good friend,  the Presiding Officer, has worked with me and did such good work with  us on the veterans bill, another important issue--I always felt that if  you and your family didn't have your health, then everything else  didn't matter. You couldn't go to the football game. You couldn't find  a way to pick up a new skill and have some exciting job options in the  future because if you didn't have your health, it went by the board.    Everything I have tried to do in healthcare--everything--I have tried  to say ought to be bipartisan. Usually there is a set of options for  finding common ground. So often, for example, I felt that my party was  right about wanting to expand coverage because if you don't get  everybody covered, you have a lot of cost-shifting and not much  prevention. I thought Republicans had some valid points, as well, with  respect to a role for the private sector.   When it came time to get the Children's Health Insurance Program  extended and do it in a bipartisan way, I was very pleased to meet the  chairman of our committee, my friend Senator Hatch, in a bipartisan way  for a long-term extension with additional funds. That could have been  done in the fall. Yet, over the months since then--I have described all  of the hurdles, all of the obstacles that Republicans have put in front  of making that bipartisan effort, which, as I just indicated, has  gotten even more attractive with the new estimates that permanent  extensions save money. Republicans have made it harder to take that  bipartisan  [[Page S328]]  work, which was part of what I have always thought was the way to do  health policy, in the fall and make it law. There is still time to do  that. The way we are going to do it is not through the kinds of  misleading statements, unfortunately, we heard this morning on the  floor. We are going to do it by working in a bipartisan fashion.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   