 Mr. President, I am delighted to hear the Senator from  Delaware discuss some aspects of President Bush's time that aren't as  well remembered, including his amendments to the Clean Air Act, on  which the Senator from Delaware and I have worked.   In June of 1992, President George Herbert Walker Bush and his wife  Barbara were walking across the South Lawn on a hot, sunny day to make  a major announcement about school choice. Barbara turned to the  President and said: George, you have on the wrong pants.   The President of the United States turned around, walked back in the  White House, changed into the proper suit, came back out and made the  announcement, one of the biggest of his time as President--to ask the  Congress to provide one-half billion dollars to States and cities like  Milwaukee and Wisconsin, which wanted to give low-income families  choices of better schools for their children.   Before that, I can recall a 3 p.m. or so meeting on January 17, 1991.  The meeting was about educational assessment--a very dull subject. The  President had called it in the Cabinet Room. Governor Carper will  remember educational assessment from his days as Governor. The meeting  went on and on. The President got up and left and came back after about  10 minutes. The rest of us thought very little about it. It turned out  that, later, we found out he was calling Gorbachev in the Soviet Union  to let him know in advance that the United States was about to start  bombing Baghdad at about 5:30 that afternoon U.S. time. He had  constructed and put on the public schedule that meeting on educational  assessment so that the world wouldn't know what was about to happen.   A few weeks later, we were having lunch, and he was mulling over the  prospect of putting 1 million American military men and women on the  ground in the Middle East in the first Gulf war. He had a special  feeling about that because of his background as a combat pilot in World  War II. He knew what it meant to risk even one American life in that  exercise.   All of us have memories and stories we could tell about the  President, but I want to talk about three aspects of his service very  briefly: No. 1, gentleman; No. 2, well prepared; No. 3, pioneer--a  pioneer especially in education.   I have suggested to Jon Meacham, the extraordinary biographer of  President George H.W. Bush, that a better title for his book might be  ``The Last Gentleman.'' Saying that to an author is like saying: You  ought to rename your baby something else. That is not a very prudent  thing to say.   I hope it is not true that he is the last gentleman, but his  temperament and conduct when he won and when he lost in war and in  peace, with adversaries and friends, remind us that you can be tough,  you can win the Presidency, you can be a combat pilot in a world war,  and you can still treat others with respect, which he unfailingly did.   I was thinking last night as we stood outside on the steps and  watched the casket being brought up--a beautiful evening, the sunset  looking out over the Library of Congress, looking out over the Supreme  Court--that with all the rancor we sometimes have here, as we work out  difficult problems, we are pretty lucky to live in this country. We are  pretty lucky to have the form of government that we have. We are  extraordinarily fortunate that we can produce men and women, like  George H.W. Bush, who bring out the best of us, which leads me to my  second point: What I think of when I think of our former President, and  those are the words ``well prepared.''   We have had lots of different kinds of Presidents of the United  States with varying backgrounds, and many have been successful. It is  hard to say exactly what will make a President successful. I actually  think temperament has more to do with it than anything else. What we  had in President George H.W. Bush may have been the best prepared  President in our history: Congressman, candidate for the Senate, head  of his national political party, the first Ambassador to China, head of  the United Nations, Vice President of the United States, head of the  Central Intelligence Agency.   If you are going to put somebody through a training course, a boot  camp in order to be President of the United States, that is what you  would do. You would take someone of extraordinary intellect, someone  who may have graduated, in 3 years, Phi Beta Kappa from Yale, with  extraordinary courage, and someone who could fly combat--the youngest  aviator in World War II. You put them through that boot camp and say:  Now you are the President of the United States.   How fortunate we were that he happened to be the one who came along  then because the things he accomplished in his 4 years, the things he  presided over, the things he led us to do as a country weren't that  easy.   Take the disintegration of the Soviet Union. It is a very dangerous  situation. They have a lot of nuclear weapons in the Soviet Union and a  history of antagonism toward much of Europe and the United States. But  President Bush, because of his temperament and his skill and the  extraordinary team he had around him, presided over that in a way that  allowed Mr. Gorbachev and the Soviet Union to come apart. It could have  easily gone in another direction.   There was the reunification of Germany. You can be sure that France  was skeptical about the reunification of Germany. Wouldn't you be, as  well, if you had been involved in two World Wars in that century with  Germany?  [[Page S7270]]    Margaret Thatcher was quietly opposed to the unification of Germany,  according to Vice President Quayle, who should know about such things.  Mr. Kohl, from Germany, was for it. Our President had to know those  individuals well enough and be adept enough to preside over the  reunification of Germany and the disintegration of the Soviet Union at  the same time.   Balancing the budget wasn't popular within the Republican Party. When  you look at the portraits of the Presidents in the White House, you  often think, what did that President do that went beyond his base--that  his original supporters might not have agreed with but that put the  country first? When you look at Nixon, you think China. When you look  at Reagan, you think the Berlin Wall.   When you look at George Bush, you think a number of things, but one  of the things he did was balance the budget in a way that most  Republicans didn't like. He paid a price for it when he ran for  reelection, but the country and President Clinton, during the 1990s,  benefited greatly from that fact.   Then, as Senator Carper pointed out, he led the amendments of the  Clean Air Act. I was in East Tennessee these last few weeks. We like  the fact that you can see the Great Smoky Mountains, and they are not  the ``great smoggy mountains'' anymore. That is true because of the  Clean Air Act, which, more than anything else, has required coal plants  when they operate to put pollution control equipment on them. They can  still operate. There is nothing to keep a coal plant from operating in  this country as long as you put pollution control equipment for  mercury, nitrogen, and sulfur on it. Then they can be perfectly clean.  That doesn't include carbon, but carbon you can't see. We like to see  the mountains.   There were the decisions that were made that had to do with exhausts  from trucks and cars. America is healthier, cleaner, and we can attract  businesses to our State now that our air is clean. Before that, it was  a problem.   The Americans with Disabilities Act was a difficult law to pass and a  difficult law for many parts of our country to accept and, frankly, pay  for. Think of the lives it has changed. No one who wasn't well-prepared  for the Presidency could have passed that.   As I think of President Bush, I think first of a gentleman; second,  well prepared; finally, a pioneer in education. Most of the time, when  we think of President Bush, we think of his skills in foreign policy  because they were considerable, and the challenges were great. For  example, I didn't mention the Gulf War a moment ago--well, I did in a  couple of cases, but I didn't mention putting 1 million troops on the  ground, getting the rest of the world to pay for most of the war, and  then deciding not to go into Baghdad and get mired down there. Those  were decisions that a skilled, well-prepared man would do.   He was also a pioneer in education, and that is what I would like to  talk about. In 1989, President George H.W. Bush assembled all the  Nation's Governors in Charlottesville to talk about education. Terry  Branstad, the current Ambassador to China, was then the Chairman of the  Governors. Out of that summit came national education goals that every  child by the year 2000 would learn math, science, history, and  geography in a proficient way.    President Bush then came up with America 2000 in the last 2 years of  his term. I was Education Secretary when he launched America 2000. That  was to help States and communities reach those national education goals  State by State, community by community. So we had Nebraska 2000 and  Nashville 2000 as Democrats and Republicans sought to do that. The  importance of it was that President George H.W. Bush understood that to  have lasting reform in education, it has to be owned by the States. It  has to be owned by the community.   We saw that in the recent exercise in common core standards. Common  core was developed by the Governors. It was moving through the country  State by State by State. Then, when the Federal Government mandated it,  in effect, there was a great rebellion because there wasn't buy-in.   It was the same situation with teacher evaluation. I led a fight to  evaluate Tennessee teachers, and it was the hardest thing I was ever  involved in. There was a big fight with the National Education  Association, but we did it, and 10,000 teachers went up the career  ladder. They bought into it. When it is ordered from Washington, they  don't buy into it, and President Bush understood that. So his national  education goals, his voluntary national standards, and his voluntary  national tests were all voluntary. They were not imposed from  Washington, DC. He created an environment, through America 2000, where  States, cities, and communities could adopt them, and they were  lasting.   Most of the steps that States, including my State of Tennessee, have  taken to make schools better in the last 30 years were either started  by or encouraged by George H.W. Bush since the National Governors  Summit in 1989. That includes charter schools. In 1991 and 1992,  President Bush encouraged every community to create start-from-scratch  schools, as he called it, and many did. He created New American Schools  Development Corporation with the help of Deputy Education Secretary  David Kearns and raised about $70 million and gave grants to that.   My last act as Education Secretary for President Bush was to write  every school superintendent and say: Why don't you try one of these new  charter schools that the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party has  created. There were only 10 at the time in 1992. Those start-from- scratch schools suggested by President George H.W. Bush are now 5,000  charter schools in the country or about 5 percent of all the public  schools in America.   Then came school choice. I began with the story of his walking across  the south lawn to announce the GI bill for kids, to give money to  States and districts to encourage school choice. The Democratic  Congress, at the time, didn't appropriate the dollars he asked for, for  start-from-scratch schools, and they didn't appropriate the money for  school choice, but his persistent advocacy using the bully pulpit gave  us national goals, national standards, national tests, accountability  systems, school choice, charter schools--all of that--and the  difference was, he insisted we not have a national school board in the  process.   His successors all tended to have Washington edicts--President  Clinton, President George W. Bush, and President Obama. I can  understand why they felt that way. They were eager to see results, and  so they said let Washington order Texas, Tennessee, and Wisconsin to do  it, but, unfortunately, that backfires. That backfired on common core  and backfired on teacher evaluation. As soon as we stepped back and  used advocacy instead of edicts, as President Bush understood, we got  more lasting results.   He was well prepared, a gentleman, and a pioneer of education. Some  people are suggesting he might have been the most effective one-term  President in the history of the Presidency. He could very well be, when  you add it all up, with the Gulf war handled like it was, the  reunification of Germany, the successful disintegration of the Soviet  Union, the clean air laws, the Americans with Disabilities Act,  pioneering in education with America 2000, balancing the budget. That  is a lot to do in 4 years. Maybe James K. Polk is the only one I can  think of who might give him a good run for his money in terms of that  accolade.   I remember when the Gulf War was over and President Bush came to  speak to the Congress. I will close with this. It was the first time I  had a chance to sit and listen to a Presidential address as a Member of  the Cabinet. I remember thinking after that wonderful victory that was  so well done--with a million men and women on the ground and very few  casualties; the rest of the world paid for most of the war; we avoided  going into Baghdad. It was a very successful operation. The President's  approval rating was at 91 percent. I remember thinking, I wish he would  say: Now that we have won the war, let's turn our attention to home and  apply the same sort of energy to America 2000, and then make America  2000 his entire domestic program. Perhaps it would have been difficult  for Bill Clinton to defeat him that year if that would have been his  domestic agenda. No one will ever know.   What we do know is, he was a gentleman; he was as well prepared as  any  [[Page S7271]]  President in history for the job; he served at a time when we needed  that preparation because the challenges were immense; he was a pioneer  in education; and he may have been the most successful one-term  President in American history--a man who put the country first and whom  we all admired. George H.W. Bush.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   