 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today, I want to talk about an issue that  has gotten a lot of attention in Washington and around the country over  the past week or so, and that is the issue of children who cross our  border, both those who cross the border illegally with their parents  and those who come alone. Those who come alone are known as  unaccompanied children, or UACs.   First, I want to reiterate something I have said a number of times  over the past few weeks, and that is that I oppose the policy of  separating children from their parents. I think it is counter to our  American values. As we will talk about this afternoon, though, it is  also inconsistent with the infrastructure we have in place to be able  to deal with it.   I was pleased to see the administration agree that we should keep  families apprehended at the border together, and I was pleased to see  the Executive order the President issued to that effect yesterday.   I cosponsored legislation on this issue, which has now been  cosponsored by 32 of my Senate colleagues, I am told. It has the  support of almost one-third of this Chamber, which would, in effect,  take the Executive order and put that into law but also make some other  changes that are necessary to ensure that we can have a sustainable  policy with regard to children coming across the border.   I believe we can have strong border security without separating  families at the border. I believe we can enforce our Nation's laws, and  we should, while remaining true to our values. Children should be kept  in a safe, caring environment with their parents while immigration  officials quickly assess each family's individual immigration case.  That is the best solution.   Beyond the moral argument for holding this policy, by the way, the  logistics of separating families is just not practical. Let me talk  about what currently happens with unaccompanied children.   We talked earlier about two categories. One is children who come with  their parents, which has been the issue we have been discussing the  last week. But there is a bigger issue with regard to those children-- in the sense of the number of children who are in the system--and that  is those children who come on their own.   As chairman of the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, or PSI,  I have been investigating over the past couple of years the handling of  UACs. Again, these are kids who come unaccompanied. I have done this,  therefore, both during the Obama administration and during the Trump  administration. From the work we have done over the past 2 years, I can  tell you that the Department of Health and Human Services and the  Department of Homeland Security are not prepared to effectively deal  with even more children, unaccompanied minors or those who come in with  their parents.   There are two key issues that we need to address with unaccompanied  children who enter the United States. First, we need to ensure that if  our government takes charge of these children, they are not trafficked  or abused. These are children. They need to be treated as such.   Second, we need to uphold our rule of law and make sure that our  immigration system actually works. To do that, we need to make sure  that these children appear for their immigration court proceedings. I  am afraid we are failing on both counts now, and that is unacceptable.   Let me explain what I mean. I first got involved in this issue--very  deeply involved--in 2015, a few years ago, when reports came out that  there were eight unaccompanied minors from Guatemala who had come up to  our southern border and crossed over. A ring of human traffickers lured  them to the United States, by the way. The traffickers had gone to  Guatemala, talked to these kids' parents, and told them they would  provide these kids with an education in America. They actually got the  mortgages for some of the homes as payment to pay for the trafficking  and the smuggling debt. Also, the traffickers retained not just the  mortgages for these homes but, when they got the kids in their control,  they said they weren't going to let the kids go until these debts were  totally paid off.   They weren't interested in giving them an education. It turns out  they were just interested in trafficking these kids. Anyway, when the  kids crossed the border, they were apprehended. Their status, as  defined by Federal immigration law, was that of ``unaccompanied  child,'' or UAC. They were considered UACs. This means the Department  of Homeland Security was picking them up--Customs and Border  Protection. Following protocol, they were then transferred to the  Department of Health and Human Services, HHS.   One Federal Department picks them up. They take them to another  Federal Department, called the Department of Health and Human Services.  HHS, or Health and Human Services, is then supposed to keep these kids  for a short period of time, until they can be placed with sponsors.   That is how the system works. The sponsors are then supposed to  ensure that these kids stay safe and get them to their appropriate  immigration legal proceeding. Unfortunately, based on our  investigation, often that does not happen. It certainly didn't happen  in this case. What happened in this case is that our investigation was  able to reveal that these kids--who were brought in from Guatemala by  these traffickers--were taken into custody, had gone to HHS for a  short-term detention facility, and then they were sent to sponsors.   Guess who the sponsors were, who these kids were given to? The  traffickers. They were given to traffickers, not to family members or  friends or someone who could be trusted when you think of a surrogate  family or a foster family. They were put in the custody of the human  traffickers. They didn't vet these people. As a result, the traffickers  took these kids north, took them to my State of Ohio, which is again  how I got involved in this. They took them to an egg farm in Marion,  OH, where these kids lived in squalor conditions. They were required to  work 12 hours a day, 6 or 7 days a week. Their paychecks were often  confiscated by the traffickers. So they were basically getting room and  board. The traffickers threatened these kids and their families with  physical harm if the kids didn't perform these long hours and work  under these terrible conditions.    Fortunately, this trafficking ring was discovered, these kids were  rescued, and they have now been prosecuted. What our investigation  found out, when we tried to figure out how this could possibly have  happened, is that HHS didn't do the background checks on those  sponsors. They also didn't respond to a bunch of red flags that should  have alerted them to problems with these kids and with the sponsors.  For example, HHS missed that a group of sponsors were collecting  multiple kids. That should have been a red flag right there--not just  one child but multiple children. They missed a major red flag when a  social  [[Page S4332]]  worker working with HHS showed up to help one of these kids--or tried  to--and the sponsor turned the social worker away. This is somebody on  contract with HHS. That didn't raise a red flag.   We held a hearing in January 2016. At that hearing, HHS committed  that they were going to do better. This is a Federal agency. To have  this Federal agency give kids to traffickers and have this tragic  situation unfold is unacceptable.   That was during the Obama administration, by the way. Remember, this  is not a partisan issue. During previous administrations and during  this administration, this system has not worked. After that hearing,  HHS and DHS, the Department of Homeland Security, under which we have  the Border Patrol and Customs and Border Protection, committed to  clarifying their respective responsibilities for protecting these kids.   The one thing we found out is that nobody was accountable. So people  were pointing fingers at each other, and the kids were falling between  the cracks. HHS and DHS entered into a 3-page memorandum of agreement  that said that the agencies recognize that they should ensure that  these kids aren't abused or trafficked. The memorandum also said the  agencies would enter into a joint concept of operations, spelling out  their specific responsibilities within a year's time. That would be  done by February of 2017.   That is, of course, what I was looking for and what our committee was  looking for. How are you going to handle these kids? Who is responsible  for them? What is the handoff? Who is accountable?   That was supposed to be due in February of 2017. Today is June 2018.  That operations agreement between the agencies is still not completed.  They missed their own deadline by about a year and a half. They have  promised, by the way, based on a hearing we recently had with HHS, to  complete this agreement and to get it to us--this joint concept of  operations--by July 30. We are expecting it within 4 or 5 weeks. We are  very much looking forward to that.   This was based on a hearing we had in April of this year. We called  DHS and HHS back again to explain what is going on and why we hadn't  seen an agreement, despite virtually every couple of weeks telling us:  It is coming. It is coming.   We wanted to hear how they would work better together to ensure that  these kids were placed in safe environments and be sure they were  following up with these children to ensure that the kids actually went  to their immigration court proceedings.   It is not just about ensuring that they are not abused and  trafficked. Everyone, of course, agrees with that. Everyone should also  agree that they ought to go to their court hearing and make sure the  system works.   We made some progress since that 2016 hearing. For example, under the  Trump administration, HHS started making telephone calls to follow up,  which I think is a good idea. These were 30-day wellness check  telephone calls after they placed an unaccompanied minor with a  sponsor.   HHS testified at our April hearing that from October to December of  last year, they had the data now on the calls they had made. These are  the 30-day calls they were making after these kids go out with their  sponsors. Those calls revealed that about 1,500 children were  unaccounted for. In other words, they placed a call, talked to the  sponsor, and said: How is this child doing?   The sponsor wasn't responsive. They either said: We don't know how  the child is doing; or they couldn't find the sponsor, or they couldn't  find the child.   In some cases, the child had actually run away.   There were 1,500 kids unaccounted for. It doesn't mean they are not  with a family somewhere. It doesn't mean they are going to their court  case, but they couldn't find these kids. That is unacceptable. They are  now working on a bipartisan basis--Republicans and Democrats alike-- with new legislation that will be informed by this concept of  operations, which we hope to have in the next several weeks. That will  lay out how we ought to treat unaccompanied minors and hold someone  accountable--particularly, HHS, who has children in their custody, and  prior to that, DHS, or the Department of Homeland Security--to ensure  that these sorts of instances will not happen again and make sure that  we know where these kids are.   There are lots of experiences. Think about your home State and the  foster care system, which is probably overburdened right now because of  the opioid crisis, but you have a foster care system where foster  parents are actually screened. Part of our legislation, by the way, is  to tell the States where the kids are so the States can play a role in  this as well.   What this all highlights is the fact that the Federal Government is  not doing nearly enough to protect unaccompanied minors from  trafficking and other forms of abuse and not doing enough to ensure  that they get to their court date. Right?   We have a system, and we have these kids in the system. I don't care  what your views are on immigration policy. It doesn't matter whether  you believe that we should have a much more secure border and a wall or  whether you believe that there ought to be more of an open border and a  catch-and-release system. Nobody should want to have these kids treated  like this. Everyone should want to ensure that these kids are cared for  properly and get to their court date and ensure that we don't have the  kinds of tragic instances we had in my home State of Ohio.   I also think it is important not to conflate these two issues  together--the unaccompanied kids and the 1,500 who were unaccounted for  and what has happened over the last several weeks at the border with  separating families from children. We are talking about kids who come  unaccompanied.   Unfortunately, a lot of people have conflated, too. There was a New  York Times story about the fact that 1,500 kids have gone missing, and  somehow that got conflated with a lot of folks online and some folks  even in the Chamber, with this notion that this is about the separation  policy and the zero tolerance policy. It is not. It is something  different. What it says to me is, let's not add more children to a  system that is not working.    In other words, as I said earlier, at the start, we don't have the  infrastructure in place to deal with it. It is one reason I felt  strongly that separating kids from their families was not only the  wrong thing to do in terms of a moral policy but also in terms of our  government's ability to handle it. Even if there were a situation in  which it was important to get this kid away from a family because maybe  there was a sign of abuse or maybe the kid was being trafficked, we  have to have a better system in place to deal with these children who  are unaccompanied or with others who end up in the system.   What had happened under the so-called zero tolerance policy over the  last 6 weeks was that adults who had illegally crossed the border had  been arrested and put in detention facilities. Under what is called the  Flores settlement agreement, from a 1997 court decision, if the adults  had been traveling with children, those children would have had to have  been placed in what the court had said was the least restrictive  setting possible, and it would not have allowed them to often stay with  their moms or dads in detention.   That has been one of the arguments the Trump administration has been  making with the zero tolerance policy and the parents' having gone into  the criminal justice system. With their having gone into that kind of  detention, the kids could not have gone with them because of this court  decision.   It is an issue, there is no question about it. It is the primary  reason, they are saying, they put about 2,000 children into the care of  HHS and DHS and essentially turned them into unaccompanied minors.  Again, they put them into a system that, in my view, isn't working.  What we have seen over the past 2 years is that DHS and HHS have just  not been adequately prepared to keep track of these kids and ensure  that they are being placed in safe environments and getting to their  court hearings.   As soon as I understood what was going on with separating families, I  spoke out and said that this is bad, that we cannot allow this to  happen for both reasons--it is not the moral thing to do, and we don't  have the infrastructure.   On Tuesday, I sent a letter to Attorney General Jeff Sessions and  called on  [[Page S4333]]  him to stop this practice of separating kids from their families, to  give it a pause, so that we can have the opportunity to look at this  issue and develop the right legislation, which we have now introduced.  This letter, by the way, was led by my colleague, Senator Orrin Hatch,  and was signed by 11 of our colleagues.   Again, I commend the administration for the Executive order yesterday  that keeps families together who have been apprehended at the border.  That is a positive first step, but we have to go even further. Because  of this Flores decision we talked about earlier, which is, again, a  settlement agreement that was made back in 1997, Congress is going to  have to step in as well. I think it is likely that the Executive order  will be in litigation immediately because of the Flores decision.   The legislative solution that Congress enacts needs to address the  Flores settlement agreement as it applies to children who arrive with  their parents. In those cases, the settlement agreement currently  requires that these children be separated from their families and be  kept in the least restrictive setting possible instead of staying with  their families if their families are in detention.   The legislation we introduced yesterday, called Keep Families  Together and Enforce the Law Act, has almost a third of the Senate  signing on. It will provide that long-term solution to keep families  together and expedite these immigration cases.   Unlike other proposals which would, in my view, incentivize more  illegal immigration by essentially codifying past practices by which  people were apprehended but then released into the community, this  legislation will actually solve the problem by keeping families  together while ensuring the integrity of our immigration laws. Among  other things, it will override the Flores settlement agreement to  ensure that families will be kept together during their immigration  enforcement proceedings. Importantly, to me, it will also expedite  these proceedings. This is one of the problems that I have seen in the  immigration system. We have so many cases--there is such a backlog and  so much time required to get to a decision--that it creates a lot more  problems in terms of, what do you do with folks who come across the  border? This will expedite and prioritize these family cases.   It will also provide lots more immigration judges. To get a decision  on these people, you need to have more immigration judges and a better  process. More money, frankly, is going to be needed--increased  resources--to be sure that infrastructure is in place to deal with this  issue as quickly as possible and to get an appropriate decision as to  whether the person stays or leaves.   I hope more of my colleagues will sign on to this legislation. I hope  they will do it on a bipartisan basis. I think the Keep Families  Together and Enforce the Law Act is the right position that finds that  common ground between all of us here on the floor who believe we ought  to uphold our immigration laws but also think that families need to  stay together, that we need to have a compassionate approach to this.   There is a consensus now on not separating families--that is good-- but there is also a consensus that we need an immigration system that  works. So let's come together in both Chambers. Let's do the hard work.  Let's get this done. Of course, we need to do broader immigration  reform, as well, but this issue is staring us in the face. Let's keep  families together. Let's provide for an immigration system that works  over the long term, that provides compassionate care for those kids,  that is in line with our country's values and enforces the laws of our  country.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   