 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the  Recognizing Early Childhood Trauma Related to Substance Abuse Act.   I thank the gentleman from Virginia for teaming up with me to protect  and help the most vulnerable victims of the opioid epidemic ravaging  our communities across America and our children.   As a former police officer, I know what the impacts of addiction and  overdoses can do to young family members. The trauma is real, and the  effects can be lifelong for many innocent kids. We know from research  that this type of trauma can affect school performance, behavior, and  the likelihood of substance abuse years later.   Nobody is more deserving of our attention and our resources than  these kids. It is why I was proud to introduce the Recognizing Early  Childhood Trauma Related to Substance Abuse Act with my colleague. This  bipartisan bill will help address and reduce childhood trauma caused by  the abuse of illegal substances by parents and guardians.   The rising abuse of opioids and other illegal drugs is not only  devastating communities across this great Nation; it is jeopardizing  the futures of millions of young children who are living through untold  traumatic experiences. This commonsense bipartisan legislation will  support early childhood professionals, give them the tools they need to  identify trauma, and support kids with age-appropriate resources.   In rural America, skyrocketing overdose rates have had a tremendous  impact on every aspect of our communities, including our schools and  our early-childhood institutions. In Arizona, opioid and heroin  overdose rates have risen sharply since 2012.   It is past time for action to bring resources into our neighborhoods  and tackle these issues. Kids affected by substance abuse disorder need  our attention now to ensure every single one of them has the bright  future they deserve. I am glad Congress agrees and is working across  the aisle to take this important step forward.   I thank the chairman and ranking member for their support on this  bill, and I look forward to its passage and implementation at this  urgent time for families across America and the Nation.   