 Mr. Speaker, as you know, many of us in Congress and the  Nation are working hard to reunite children with their parents. Family  reunification should be a time of joy, but, sadly, that is not always  the case.   One mother waited for 4 months to wrap her arms around her little  boy. Another mother waited 3 months. These should be moments of joy,  yet, when the children did not recognize their parents, this became a  troubling situation.   As a father of four, I know what it is to be loved by your children.  As a father of four, I know what that parent-child relationship is  like. To have children that fail to recognize you after a number of  months because you haven't seen them, well, that is just not right.   The separation of immigrants from their children is just  unconstitutional, un-American, and simply wrong, and I demand that all  families be united immediately.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California for yielding.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include  extraneous materials on the subject matter of this Special Order.    Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the opportunity to address  this body, once again, on the urgency of reuniting migrant children  with their families.   The administration's zero-tolerance policy has caused chaos and  systematically torn immigrant children away from their parents. Many  innocent children are still being held under inhumane conditions at  detention facilities apart from their parents. In total, almost 5,000  children--let me repeat--almost 5,000 children who have been separated  from their parents because of this zero-tolerance policy are still  suffering.   Last month, U.S. District Judge Sabraw ruled that children under the  age of 5 must be reunited with their parents within 14 days. That  deadline was yesterday. It came and passed, and only about half the  children were actually reunited.   Mr. Speaker, this is unacceptable. There needs to be consequences for  the administration's disregard for the law and failure to comply with  the Federal Court order.   The United Nations has noted that children who arrive at the U.S.  border who plead for asylum with their parents is a legal form of entry  according to international law. Many of these children are fleeing from  countries plagued with gang violence and drug wars. The administration  continues to highlight the threat of the MS-13. Yet the administration  does not acknowledge that actually MS-13 is one of the reasons why  children and families are seeking protection in our country.   Asylum seekers are not illegal immigrants. They are individuals  seeking refuge. It is the law to ensure that asylum seekers are given  an opportunity to state their case in front of a judge. Furthermore,  separating children away from their parents is an illegal violation of  human rights.   This violation of human rights is being exacerbated by DHS' poor  recordkeeping. Today the administration does not have the recordkeeping  capability necessary to reunite children with their parents, and,  instead, they are now relying on DNA tests to figure out what child  belongs to what parent.   That is why, Mr. Speaker, 120 of my colleagues and I have called upon  the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services  and Homeland Security to investigate on how the administration plans to  reunite children with their families. We are concerned that there are  no records of the children to reconnect them with their proper parents.   The administration's actions are causing irreparable harm to these  vulnerable children, and it is time for the administration to  immediately reunite these families.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Davis),  who is my good friend and distinguished colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California,  Mr. Salud Carbajal, my good friend and colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California  (Ms. Maxine Waters), my good friend and distinguished colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas, Mr.  Vicente Gonzalez.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York  (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney), my good friend and distinguished colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from  New York for her comments.   Mr. Speaker, just recently, a 14-month-old baby boy was reunited with  his mother. The baby boy was traumatized after being separated for  almost 90 days from his loving mother. Not only did he look like he  wasn't bathed for that time, but he also was covered with lice.   His mom said that her son was not the same since they were reunited.  He hasn't been the same since they have been separated. He cries for  fear of being alone. Her son is afraid of losing his mother again.   Another parent, Milka Pablo, received a different response from her  3-year-old daughter, Darly, when they were reunited in Phoenix after 4  months of being separated. Let me repeat: after being separated for 4  months. Darly did not recognize her mother.   Milka was met with cries of rejection, and Darly, the daughter,  screamed as she tried to wiggle away from her mother's arms.   I cannot believe these small children are subjected to such  conditions. Mr. Speaker, some are as young as 1 year old. One of these  individuals--a 1-year-old--was obligated to appear in front of a judge  for deportation proceedings while separated from his parents.   These children don't have the rights to a court-appointed attorney  and are clearly frightened, yet they are still forced--a 1-year-old--to  appear in front of a judge and answer questions that, clearly, they  cannot comprehend.   Many of these children can barely form sentences, yet they are  expected to talk about the violence-plagued countries they are fleeing.   Even Judge John Richardson told a lawyer representing a 1-year-old  that he was embarrassed to ask a baby questions on whether they  understood the immigration proceedings before them.   The separation of immigrant children from their parents is  unconstitutional and simply wrong. I demand that all families be  reunited immediately.   Mr. Speaker, as you know, contemporary deportation policies are  traumatizing families. The inhumane policy of separating families is  terrorizing parents to detrimental ends. Currently, more than 1,300  families are going through unnecessary and harmful separation enacted  under our current administration.   Last month, Mr. Munoz and his family crossed the border to apply for  asylum. For 40-year-old Marco Antonio Munoz, the fear and anxiety  became overwhelming. After being separated from his wife and 3-year-old  son, Mr. Munoz strangled himself in a detention center in Texas. His  suicide shows the fear they felt during the border crossing and on the  road to safety in the U.S.   The law allows families to escape violence and prosecution by seeking  shelter in the United States. Currently, the administration refers to  asylum as a loophole and family separation as part of a zero-tolerance  policy. This policy of zero tolerance is designed to deter and punish  immigrants seeking asylum, making them illegal.   While we should all focus on the negative effects on the children, we  can't forget the negative effects on the parents as well. Families that  present themselves to border agents seeking asylum have not violated  any laws. However, the administration is criminally prosecuting all  immigrants crossing the U.S.-Mexico border.   These families are following domestic and international laws, making  their prosecution illegal and against our American values. We should  not terrorize these families.   In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, unless you are an American Indian, we are  all immigrants to this country. Whether we ourselves or our forefathers  came to this country, we came to seek freedom, a better life, and a  better future for our families. Asylum seekers, likewise, are not new.  What is new is the zero-tolerance policy.    Zero tolerance is clearly a violation of U.S. laws. It violates  international law. It is inhumane. It is shameful.   I ask that the administration come up with real solutions for these  folks  [[Page H6104]]  seeking asylum. I ask the administration to follow the law, follow  American law, follow international law. Let's do the right thing. Let's  do the American thing. Let's reunite these families.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   