 Madam President, I rise to oppose the nomination of CIA  Director Mike Pompeo to be the Secretary of State.   I voted against confirming Mike Pompeo to be the Director of the  Central Intelligence Agency because he lacked the experience and the  qualifications for the position. His time at the CIA has done nothing  to ensure me that he now has the capabilities to lead the State  Department.   As a Member of the House of Representatives, Mike Pompeo made  repeated discriminatory remarks about Muslim Americans. He has argued  that the Muslim American leaders have a ``special obligation'' to  denounce terrorist attacks, and he has falsely claimed that they have  failed to do that. I am proud to represent dynamic Muslim and Arab- American communities in Michigan. I have seen that these patriotic  communities are often the first to denounce senseless acts of violence  that pervert the Islamic faith.   Mike Pompeo also has close ties to a group that is a Southern Poverty  Law Center ``designated hate group'' because of its anti-Muslim  rhetoric and conspiracy theories. I seriously question the judgment of  an elected official who would work with such a group, and I do not  believe it shows the type of character required in an individual who is  nominated to be our country's top diplomat. How can someone with this  attitude work effectively with our allies and partners in the Middle  East? I don't think he can.   Mr. Pompeo has also supported bringing back waterboarding and other  torture measures that do nothing to keep America safe and go against  our Nation's core values. We now have a President who has said that he  believes that torture ``absolutely'' works.   We can do better than this. America is better than this. I voted to  ban the use of waterboarding and other so-called enhanced interrogation  measures because they do not work, and in fact, they violate basic  human rights, undermine our Nation's counterterrorism missions, and  place our own servicemembers at risk.   Confirming a Secretary of State that has condoned torture is just  another step in our Nation's current retreat from being what President  Ronald Reagan called ``a shining city on the hill.''   I am concerned that Mike Pompeo will also continue the United States'  retreat from a leadership role in addressing climate change--an  existential moral and economic issue that will impact our planet for  generations to come. Director Pompeo has criticized the Paris climate  agreement and has  [[Page S2454]]  made statements that contradict the overwhelming scientific events on  climate change.   Our Nation faces serious global challenges: Russian aggression, North  Korea's nuclear weapons program, instability in the Middle East, and  China's ongoing efforts to expand their power and influence. The world  is looking to the United States for leadership. This is a time when  skill and experienced diplomacy is essential to advance our interests  and our values on the world stage. I do not believe that Director  Pompeo has the necessary experience, diplomatic skills, and values  required to be the Secretary of State. I will oppose his nomination  this afternoon.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   