 Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6140, the ``Advanced Nuclear Fuel  Availability Act,'' is a bipartisan bill sponsored by my Energy and  Commerce colleagues, Bill Flores of Texas, along with Jerry McNerney of  California.   We considered this bill through regular order in Committee and the  Full Committee reported the bill favorably, as amended, by a voice  vote.   Imagine designing a new car that is safer, less expensive, and gets  triple the mileage than anything we see on the road today. But when the  vehicle is ready to hit the road, there is no gas to fill up the tank.   Nuclear innovators face a similar--and very critical--challenge as  they work to bring several promising advanced nuclear technologies to  the market. These new designs require fuels that have different  attributes than what is used in today's fleet of nuclear reactors, but  the fuels are not commercially available.   H.R. 6140 addresses this challenge by ensuring nuclear innovators  will have the advanced fuels needed to develop and demonstrate their  products commercially.   The bill provides a direct path to align advanced nuclear fuel supply  with initial demand for the deployment of next generation nuclear  technologies. It provides for the development of the technical  information necessary to assist the creation of the regulatory and  licensing framework for these fuels.   The bill directs the Secretary of Energy to establish a temporary  program, operating to support a public-private partnership, that will  make what is known as high-assay low-enriched uranium available for use  in the first-of-a-kind advanced nuclear reactor designs. It provides  for the surveys and information necessary to inform the new market  development and cost recovery for initial federal investments.   In short, the Advanced Nuclear Fuel Availability Act takes practical,  targeted steps to ensure the infrastructure will be in place in time to  enable the development and deployment of a new generation of nuclear  technologies in the United States.   This is an important bill for ensuring the nation's international  leadership on nuclear technology, for ensuring our energy security, and  achieving our clean energy goals.   I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 6140.     Mr. Speaker, I stand in support of this legislation today.   I thank my colleague Debbie Dingell. The two of us helped cosponsor  the spousal impoverishment bill, which is part of this bill. There was  no objection to that, and I am delighted that we are getting it done.   But I want to particularly take this time and just thank Joe Barton  for his leadership on the ACE Kids Act.   All of us come here to this House for particular causes that really  grab our interest and attention. Joe Barton has been so good--some  would say like a dog to a Frisbee--in getting the ACE Kids Act to the  House floor. This bill is going to save lives.   It was bipartisan. Frankly, I wanted to move it as part of the 21st  Century Cures Act, but we didn't have a CBO score. We couldn't get it  done.   We had plenty of meetings over the last couple of years on this, and  here it is. We are going to get it done. Hopefully, the Senate is going  to get it done, and we are going to get it to the President's desk.   This is probably the last time that Joe Barton is actually managing a  bill on the House floor, and it is appropriate that this is his bill,  that it is his engine that is moving this train that really is going to  make a difference for families across the country. So I say thank you,  Joe Barton.   