 Mr. Speaker, you know, I am hearing Republicans blame  Democrats, Democrats blame Republicans, people blaming the President,  but you know, I have great respect for the intellectual abilities of  everybody in this body, my colleagues on both sides.   And I think you all know--I certainly know, Mr. Speaker--that the  American people blame all of us for this dysfunction and for the  Federal Government closing. Of course they blame the President, of  course they blame Republicans, and, yes, they also blame Democrats.   Yet here we are continuing to play into the worst fears and  partisanship of the American people, rather than talking about the path  forward. I think we all know what the issues are that separate us, and  they are not that great.   Of course we want to fund the Children's Health Insurance Program. We  heard that from both sides. Let's figure out the plan to do it. Of  course we want to fix deferred action because the President has  canceled the program in March, and we want to find a way to rise to  that challenge, to find a way that aspiring Americans can stay here and  work. Let's do it.   The budget caps and the timing are very important. I understand that  Republicans want to spend more on the military than many Democrats do.  And I have been a constant supporter of trying to find resources that  we don't need in our defense and direct them other ways. Let's  compromise and find a way to do it, but let's not do it while the  government is closed.   Why don't we find a way to do a 2- or 3- or 4-day extension, or at  least get to work, rather than blaming one another on actually solving  these issues, which won't go away?   That is why you find the hesitancy of many of us to say let's just  wait 3 weeks or 4 weeks and hash out the same exact issues that we all  have our opinions on today, because that is much more uncertainty for  the U.S. military, for the American people, for those who rely on basic  government services.   So it is time to actually work together in good faith, to rise to the  responsibility of the office that the American people placed us in, to  find a commonsense way forward that respects our values as an  institution, and to make sure the people are proud of Democrats, proud  of Republicans, and, yes, I dare to say, even proud of the President of  the United States if he plays a constructive role in reopening the  government and solving these pressing issues that face us right here.   