 Mr. President, this evening, the President of the United  States will perform his duty and nominate a person to serve as the next  Supreme Court Justice to fill the vacancy left by Associate Justice  Anthony Kennedy, who announced his retirement at the end of July. I  look forward to joining the President this evening, along with a number  of my colleagues, for that historic announcement. It is an important  day because the person selected will help decide many cases that will  have a deep and lasting impact on American history. Certainly, Justice  Kennedy played that role many times in many close cases.   There are a great many talented men and women who are qualified for  Justice Kennedy's seat, I believe, and that is why the President's  choice is so difficult. All of these candidates who have been  identified as a potential pool of candidates have the intellectual  capacity that has developed over many years, along with a rigorous  understanding of the law. They have demonstrated their analytical  skills in a variety of ways--by studying at top-tier law schools,  clerking for well-respected judges on the courts of appeals and the  Supreme Court, in their public speeches, in the courses they have  taught, in the articles they have published, working at the highest  levels inside government and prominent law firms, and, of course, in  the case of the final four, serving on an appellate bench, which is the  midlevel, intermediate Federal court which, for all practical purposes  in most cases, is the court of last resort since the Supreme Court only  hears roughly 80 or so cases a year.   I know the President has considered a handful of these jurists. He  revealed a list of potential appointees to the Court when he ran for  President, and I think that probably was one reason why he was elected  because when people saw the quality, the experience, and the  qualifications of the individuals he said he would consider for the  Supreme Court, I think it gave them greater confidence he would choose  wisely, given the opportunity as President, to appoint somebody to the  Court.   These individuals who are in the pool of prospective nominees have  come from different academic and professional backgrounds, but I have  no doubt the selection will be a good one primarily because of the one  appointment the President has already made to the Supreme Court, which  is Justice Neil Gorsuch.   Justice Gorsuch did not disappoint those of us who supported his  nomination during his first year on the Court. He has demonstrated not  only the power of his pen but the clarity of his thought and the force  of his legal reasoning. I am sure his predecessor, Justice Scalia,  would be proud of the fact Justice Gorsuch succeeded him on the Court  and has left a record of accomplishments in such a short time.   President Trump and Justice Gorsuch taught us all a valuable lesson  last year. At the end of the day, the decisions of the Supreme Court  should not be much affected by the personalities or the life stories of  the Justices themselves. That is because the interpretation of the law  should always be separate and apart from the people who apply it, and  the Justices and their work must be insulated from the day-to-day  politics that happen inside this Capitol Building and the statehouses  around the country.   The Court is not a partisan or political institution. After all, that  is the way our Founders--the people who created this great country--and  our Founding documents wanted it to be. Wisely, they figured there  needed to be someone who would make a final decision in the event of a  controversy or a lawsuit, but the Court itself should not put a finger  on the scale or be a player in the partisan battles that occur here in  Washington, DC. Indeed, the Court should be and is a separate and equal  branch of government and must stand on its own, apart from the  political biases and persuasions that pervade the District of Columbia.  So I, along with many other people, am excited to hear the President's  choice.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. Fischer), the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain), and the Senator from Alaska (Mr. Sullivan).   