 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Department of  Energy Research and Innovation Act. This bill makes important  investments in science and technology research to ensure the United  States protects its edge in novel, efficient, and commercially viable  energy production.   H.R. 589 makes needed reforms to the national laboratories'  relationship with the private sector to streamline the transfer of  commercially ready technologies to American businesses.   This will allow the benefits of public investment and critical  research to be passed on to American entrepreneurs with greater speed  and reinforced economic growth and job creation.   In addition, this bill directs the Department of Energy to establish  energy innovation hubs to pull together and create efficiencies in key  scientific areas across basic and applied research programs. This bill  also includes authorization of the solar fuels initiative,  incorporating the text of my bill last Congress, the Solar Fuels  Innovation Act.   This provision builds on research that is now being undertaken up and  down the coast of California, from Berkeley to Caltech, to produce  fuels from sunlight. The solar fuel process, also known as artificial  photosynthesis, converts sunlight into energy to create a range of  storable chemical fuels, overcoming the biggest obstacle to maximizing  the benefits of renewable technologies.   Basic research and artificial photosynthesis and related efforts  could lead to a solar fuel system that consolidates solar power and  energy storage in a cohesive process. This would transform the economy  in California and the rest of the Nation. The solar fuels initiative  would solve the critical challenge posed by wasted renewable energy and  enlarge incentives to invest in new solar businesses.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Smith and my colleagues who  have helped me advance this bill for their foresight in identifying  research initiatives that promise new approaches to energy technology  that will be good for our economy and our environment.   