 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, for over half a century, the United States  has been the global leader in space. In that time, we have not only  watched as NASA has sent humans farther than they had ever gone before,  but we have also witnessed a new and growing commercial space sector  that has pushed the bounds of what we thought possible.   As a nation, we can't simply rest on our laurels and take our  leadership for granted. That is why I was proud to be joined by  Senators Bill Nelson and Ed Markey in introducing the Space Frontier  Act, which passed out of the Senate Commerce Committee by voice vote on  August 1, thanks to the leadership of Chairman John Thune, who helped  make space issues a priority for the committee.   The Space Frontier Act builds upon the U.S. Commercial Space Launch  Competitiveness Act that I was proud to work hand in hand with Senator  Nelson as well, that was passed by Congress and signed into law by  President Obama in 2015.   The United States has the potential to grow an incredibly vibrant and  competitive commercial space industry. The FAA reported in 2009 that  commercial space transportation and enabled industries generated $208.3  billion in economic activity.   While the commercial space industry is continuing to grow, it has  been unable to meet its full potential due to outdated regulations and  policies that have the potential to stifle innovation, to restrict  investment, and to drive the American launch sector and nontraditional  space activities to foreign countries abroad.   The Space Frontier Act seeks to address these challenges by reducing  the regulatory barriers that are facing our Nation's commercial space  sector so we can allow companies to continue to grow and establish  U.S.-led commercial economy in space.   The Space Frontier Act also takes the critical step of continuing the  operations and utilization of the International Space Station through  the year 2030; ensures that the United States will not cede low-Earth  orbit to China; it enacts meaningful reforms to modernize our Nation's  launch and reentry regulations; and it streamlines nongovernmental  Earth observation regulations. The bill also ensures that both the  Department of Commerce and the Department of Transportation will take  leading roles in promoting and helping to grow our Nation's commercial  space sector.   I am proud to work hand in hand with my friend and colleague,  Democratic Senator Bill Nelson, in seeing bipartisan agreement continue  in support of America's leadership in space.   I yield the floor to Senator Nelson.    I thank my friend, the senior Senator from Florida, for his  leadership and congratulate him on our success in bringing this body  together and getting this bill passed.   I hope the House will join us and pass it into law later today.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of Calendar No. 686, S. 3277.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the committee- reported substitute amendment be withdrawn, the Cruz substitute  amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to, the bill, as  amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   