 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to introduce my amendment to H.R. 8,  the Water Resources Development Act, to provide the Army Corps of  Engineers greater flexibility and the ability to use a variety of  factors in determining financial assurances with respect to section 404  permitted projects.   The Army Corps currently has considerable discretion at the district  level on whether to require financial assurance or a bond of  unauthorized projects. This includes a firm source of funding from a  project or its history of successful completion of projects. The  exclusion of this relevant data in determining a financial assurance  requirement has led to uneven application of the Corps discretion at  the district levels.   As a result, regulatory and financial requirements can be uncertain  for even one private entity from Corps district to Corps district. My  amendment will give a more uniform framework with a wider scope of  factors used in determining the financial mitigation requirements for a  404 project.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment for regulatory  certainty, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I think, with the comments from the  subcommittee chairman and the chairman's willingness to work through  this as we go through the process, I yield back the balance of my time.   Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment.  [[Page H4816]]     Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, my amendment would expedite the process the  Army Corps of Engineers conducts to study and implement the dredged  material management plans, or DMMPs.   In my home State of Ohio, the Port of Cleveland has had difficulty in  recent years coming to a resolution with the Army Corps of Engineers  over the disposal of dredged material from the Cuyahoga River's Federal  navigation channel. While the channel depth is maintained each year,  the uncertainty from year to year does not provide the confidence  necessary to northeast Ohio's communities, and it does not give the  Port of Cleveland the ability to conduct long-term planning without  considerable and avoidable risks.   To help private and public entities working with the Army Corps on  dredged material management plans, my amendment ensures the Army Corps  works diligently with local partners to conduct the DMMPs in an  efficient manner.   My amendment also directs the Army Corps of Engineers to consider  [[Page H4828]]  alternative uses for and creative tools to collect dredged material,  lightening the load on contained disposal facilities and increasing  their lifespan.   The Port of Cleveland and many entities across the country rely on  these dredged material management plans. They should not have to wait  as long as 4 years for these studies and plans to be completed.   In the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014, we  implemented a 3 by 3 by 3 rule in which studies should cost no more  than $3 million, take no longer than 3 years, and include the district,  division, and headquarters staff concurrently. When DMMPs are  developed, they should be held to the 3 by 3 by 3 rule.   Madam Chair, I offer this amendment to provide a timely process for  DMMP planning and implementation. I ask my colleagues to support this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairman for his  support. He is absolutely right. When these projects are held up,  economic activity can be stifled. We saw this happen in Cleveland. So  it is very important this be adopted in the Water Resources Development  Act.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   