 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as a member of the Senate Armed Services  Committee, I am pleased that we as a committee have once again come  together in a bipartisan fashion to advance the National Defense  Authorization Act, or NDAA, which I believe is a vital piece of  legislation for our national security.   I thank the chairmen and ranking members in both the House and Senate  for their leadership--Senator Inhofe--and the Members on both sides of  the aisle who have continued to work together on this very important  Defense bill.   Congress as an institution continues to come together each year to  show our troops and their families that they have our full support. The  Federal Government's No. 1 responsibility is to provide for the defense  of our Nation.   This year's NDAA, the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization  Act, honors our chairman, who has dedicated his life to serving our  country. Few people are more passionate about our troops and our  military readiness than Chairman McCain, and the courage he has  exhibited during his years of service and in his current battle has  inspired all of us. I am pleased we were able to put together  legislation bearing his name that builds on last year's efforts to  provide adequate tools so our forces can fully rebuild our military and  adequately address the challenges they face.   The most important capability we have is our people, the men and  women in uniform who defend our Nation and the families who give them  the strength to do so. That is why I am pleased that this year's NDAA  includes a 2.6-percent pay raise for our troops.   We are also fortunate that the leader of our Armed Forces, Defense  Secretary James Mattis, has provided us with a national defense  strategy that clearly articulates the current and emerging threats we  as a nation are facing. This strategy focuses on the central challenge  facing our Nation: the reemergence of long-term strategic competition  with our near-peer competitors, such as Russia and China. It is our  duty to provide Secretary Mattis and all of our troops with the tools  they need to execute this strategy.   The world is more dangerous than at any time since the Cold War era.  China and Russia are both strategic competitors. Great uncertainty  still remains on the Korean Peninsula. Iran continues to threaten  Middle Eastern stability. Our forces remain engaged in combat in  Afghanistan and are conducting counterterrorism in multiple areas of  operation.   Our superiority in the maritime, air, ground, space, and cyber  domains--once taken for granted--is constantly challenged by our  strategic and regional competitors.   Even more concerning, the threat of sequestration and repeated  continuing resolutions has prevented our troops from being fully  equipped to prepare and defend against these threats. As a result,  modernization, readiness, and sustainment have all suffered.   It is our duty to provide funding stability and avoid arbitrary  budget caps that constrain defense spending below that which is  required to protect our Nation. Failure to provide adequate, stable  funding disrupts planning, impacts responsible obligation of critical  funding resources, degrades readiness, and inhibits modernization, and  there have been disturbing real-world consequences.   The high operational demand with an insufficient fleet, overburdened  maintenance infrastructure, and an erosion of training all were factors  in a string of recent Navy surface fleet incidents. The Marine Corps  and Air Force have had their own serious readiness issues with the F-18  and the B-1 fleets, which experienced multiple class-A accidents, some  of which caused the loss of life. The shortage of pilots in every  service is a strategic readiness concern that must be addressed.   Our sailors, soldiers, airmen, and marines deserve the very best in  training and equipment. This year's NDAA does that by providing a total  of $716 billion in fiscal year 2019 for national defense.   Voting for this vital legislation is not--I repeat: not--an act of  budget-busting. In fact, in 2010 we spent $714 billion--just $2 billion  less than this year--on national defense, but a dollar went a lot  further back then. Adjusted for inflation, this bill actually  authorizes more than $110 billion less than in 2010 buying power. We  are slowly digging ourselves out of a hole that has hollowed our Armed  Forces. The real budget-busting is being done with mandatory spending,  and we don't even vote on mandatory spending.   Since the Cold War, the stakes for failing to take decisive action  have never been higher. This legislation will enable our Armed Forces  to continue taking necessary steps to rebuild and restore our national  security.   As an example, in the Navy--this year's NDAA builds on last year's  bill to improve ship and aviation readiness and the infrastructure  necessary to support the fleet, which directly addresses a significant  problem the Armed Services Committee has examined in multiple hearings  this year. Significantly, it improves the Navy's capacity to execute  maintenance in naval shipyards by continuing to grow the workforce  while investing in shipyard infrastructure, including facilities,  equipment, and information technology. This increase in workforce will  help the Navy to meet scheduled ship maintenance, support additional  ships, and reduce the backlog that has accumulated from over a decade  of increased operational tempo.   Similar plans to restore readiness will be executed across the force  so long as we honor our commitment to invest in a complete life cycle  acquisition system.   As chairman of the Cybersecurity Subcommittee of the Senate Armed  Services Committee, I am pleased that the NDAA includes important  provisions that take steps to address the serious cyber threat our  Nation faces. This includes providing the Secretary of Defense with the  authority to conduct military operations in cyber space, developing a  program to establish cyber institutes at educational institutions, and  investing in cyber programs in the defense industrial base. These are  important steps we can take to defend the Nation in the cyber domain.   I am also glad that the bill we are considering today includes  strategic measures that I offered to improve officer personnel  management and increase the capabilities of our training ranges  throughout the Department of Defense to better support the objectives  outlined in the national defense strategy. Today, a number of our  personnel and training systems are outdated and fail to provide our  forces with the tools they need on the modern battlefield. This bill  changes that.   While we champion this year's bill, we must also extend our view  beyond fiscal year 2019. We must be prepared for the future while  reacting to the present, especially as it relates to funding. For the  past 3 years, I have served  [[Page S3885]]  as a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, bearing witness to  potential challenges that could threaten our national security if we do  not address arbitrary budget caps placed on our defense. These  arbitrary budget caps have forced the kinds of false choices that are  potentially so devastating for our Armed Forces.   We must also avoid the false choice of paying for readiness while  assuming risk for modernization or vice-versa. We cannot let the  pursuit of the perfect modernization solution prevent us from  implementing mature technologies--to address short-term capability  gaps--now, today.   The bill we are considering today avoids these choices.   In closing, I thank Chairman McCain, Ranking Member Reed, Senator  Inhofe, and my other Armed Services Committee colleagues and everyone  on staff for their work on this year's NDAA.   I look forward to getting this bill to the President's desk in a  timely manner as we continue our strong tradition of coming together on  a bipartisan basis to support our troops and their families so that  they can continue to keep us safe.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   