 Mr. President, I rise today in support of the nomination of  Brett M. Kavanaugh to be our next Associate Justice on the Supreme  Court of the United States.   Confirming Supreme Court Justices is one of the most important and  sacred roles of the Senate. Supreme Court candidates represent  individuals who have reached the highest level of their profession and  are often the brightest legal minds of their generation. Beyond their  stellar resumes, they must have a proven track record of approaching  each case with care and a commitment to upholding our rule of law and  the Constitution. Judge Kavanaugh easily exceeds these standards and is  highly qualified for confirmation to our nation's highest court.   I met with Judge Kavanaugh in July and got the chance to talk with  him about his judicial philosophy and record. During our conversation,  I was struck by his professionalism, commitment to the Constitution,  and vast knowledge of our legal system. We discussed the important  issues facing Wyoming, and I believe he understands my State's unique  challenges. As a rural, western State, we are constantly battling  Federal Government overreach from Washington, DC. Judge Kavanaugh has a  long history of reining in executive agencies that stretch beyond their  statutory authorities, which is a welcome relief for my State. Wyoming  is a State full of citizens who expect our courts to uphold the  Constitution as the framers originally intended it.   I voted to confirm Judge Kavanaugh as a judge to the DC Circuit Court  of Appeals over a decade ago. Since that time, Judge Kavanaugh has  become widely regarded by his peers as one of the most respected  circuit judges in the Nation. He is a prolific writer and has authored  more than 300 opinions, demonstrating his firm commitment to the rule  of law. Having reviewed his record, and based on his experience and  writings, I believe Judge Kavanaugh will fairly and impartially  interpret the law.   Over a decade ago, when the Senate was considering the nominations of  Justice Alito and Chief Justice Roberts, I gave a floor speech where I  stated that ``[W]e have shifted into an era of judges who legislate. We  must return to the elementary doctrines that [recognize] the important  and distinct roles of each branch.'' That sentiment is more true now  than ever. Elected representatives in Congress are held accountable to  the people and must demonstrate their fidelity to their constituents'  concerns to remain in office. There is no such check on our judiciary.  Congress's job is to write the law, and the courts are tasked with  interpreting the law and determining its adherence to the Constitution,  not writing it themselves. I believe Judge Kavanaugh understands this  distinction thoroughly and has a proven track record of refraining from  rewriting laws from the bench. His confirmation to the Supreme Court  will set a new standard for our judicial system that encourages this  type of philosophy, one that shies away from activism and focuses on  the true role of the courts to interpret the law.   I also appreciate Judge Kavanaugh's commitment to service. Since the  beginning of his career, he has spent several decades in various roles  in the public sector, serving our Nation. From the Bush administration  and now to the courts, he has dedicated his life to public service and  served our Nation honorably. He is also a family man who volunteers his  extra time at his church or helping deliver meals to other people. Of  all of the shining spots on Judge Kavanaugh's resume, this may be the  most impressive.   Serious accusations were recently made against Judge Kavanaugh. It is  a Senator's job when giving advice and consent on nominations to give  such accusations, and the people making them, careful consideration. I  do not condone sexual assault in any case, and allegations must be  taken seriously. All parties deserve fair treatment. I believe they got  it, and the committee rendered its decision.   The situation surrounding these accusations included noise and  political pandemonium the likes of which we have thankfully not had too  many occasions to witness in the history of our country. That is why I  was appreciative of how Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley  conducted committee consideration of this nomination. He cut through  the conjecture, speculation, frenzy, and focused the committee on fair  consideration for accusers and accused.   I made my decision to vote for Judge Kavanaugh based on my meeting  with him, his long and meritorious record of public service and as a  judge, which involved multiple FBI background checks, including the  most recent supplemental review, and the Judiciary Committee's work on  the nomination. That work included a day of questions about the  accusations made against Judge Kavanaugh. At the conclusion of this  process, no new facts were revealed and no corroboration of the  accusations was presented.   Like Justice Gorsuch before him, I believe Judge Kavanaugh would  issue decisions adhering to a strict interpretation of the  Constitution, free from outside pressure. I applaud President Trump for  taking his responsibility to nominate qualified Justices so seriously.   Thank you.   