 I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment is really a sense of Congress  that will help support water and wastewater utilities innovating to  meet Clean Water Act targets more effectively and potentially at lower  costs to the utility by working throughout the watershed on water  quality improvements.   Utilities often need to look at costly end-of-pipe treatment to  remove nutrients like phosphorus and nitrogen. These facilities can  cost hundreds of millions of dollars, and this is particularly  important in Ohio where nutrient management is an important concern.   This commonsense approach that many water and wastewater utilities  would like to take is to work with farmers and landowners in the  watershed to help reduce the nutrient runoff in the waterways in the  first place, which in turn helps reduce the cost to utility ratepayers  for water treatment. This would produce a win-win for farmers, local  communities, and utilities. The farmers will receive an additional  revenue stream, and local communities will see lower fees for their  water and wastewater services on their utility bills.   For example, a utility in the city of Green Bay, Wisconsin, has put  this practice to work on a pilot basis, and instead of spending $200  million on phosphorus removal treatment at the end of the pipe, they  are spending an estimated $50 million investing in conservation  practices with local farmers to reduce nutrient loading throughout the  watershed.   This amendment aligns squarely with the objectives of the farm bill  conservation programs and will allow greater leveraging of public- private partnerships, and it would also benefit private entities that  operate within MMDS permits on TMDLs on their loads. They can encourage  them to work with landowners and farmers in the watershed to reduce the  TMDLs and reduce the nutrient load in the watershed completely so we  bring down the whole TMDL issue by working together and instituting  more conservation practices and partnerships with utilities and other  private entities with the local farmers and landowners.   Mr. Chairman, I encourage support of this conservation program to  help provide cleaner water for all of us in the watersheds, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I just want to thank the ranking member for  the support, and I think it is important because there are numerous  examples of where, if we work collaboratively together in a watershed,  we can reduce the nutrient load and also encourage more economic  activity, and it is also beneficial for the farmers and landowners.   Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the support, and I yield back the balance  of my time.   