 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, before coming here, I used to teach a course  at the college level on leadership. At the time, what we tried to do  was establish, over the term of a semester, the qualities of good  leadership. One of them was that in any complex job, any difficult job,  any challenging job, nobody can do it alone. Nobody can do it alone.   That description certainly applies to our job here in the U.S.  Senate--complex, challenging, and difficult--and we don't do it alone.  In fact, all of us have staff. We might let the public think we are  doing all of these good works on their behalf, but the truth is, we are  supported by wonderful people who work long hours, are creative and  able, and really enable us to do the people's work to the extent that  we are successful. That is what I want to talk a little bit about  today.   We don't talk about staff very much, but they are really essential to  the operation of this institution, whether it is the people here on  this floor who allow us to do our daily work on the floor, whether it  is committee staff or, particularly, the personal staff of each  Senator, both in our home State and here in Washington.   I rise today in sadness because this week--or actually the first week  in January--marks the end of a 25-year association for my chief of  staff, Kay Rand, and me. Kay is a young woman from Northern Maine-- Aroostook County--in the most northern part of our State. She grew up  on a potato farm, learned the value of hard work, went to a public  college in the southern part of the State, and she and I have worked  together off and on for 25 years. She was my chief of staff when I  [[Page S7762]]  was Governor, and she has been my chief here in Washington.   Anything I have achieved in my public life has been in many ways  attributable to the work of Kay Rand. She meets all those criteria, and  I was just sitting down and going through the list that we used to come  up with at the end of each semester about the qualities of leadership:  vision, teamwork, empathy, management, communication, optimism,  decisiveness, doing homework, integrity, and character.   Staff members are so important to our functioning here. They are in  many ways our ambassadors. They do research. They give us background. I  call them the ball bearings of the legislative process. They allow it  to function.   Kay is certainly one of those people. She is a superb manager. She  manages not only the office here in Washington but the staff back in  the State--manages personnel matters, encourages, supports, provides  empathy and listening, and she does it like no one I have ever met.   She also has a vision. She is not just a functionary or somebody who  says ``Well, we are just going to do this, this, and this'' or ``We are  going to hire that person.'' She has a vision of public service. She  has a vision of what we can be and what we can do as public servants.  And she never lets me forget that is my job to be a public servant, not  simply an officeholder.   She is a sounding board. She is the person I go to for advice, and  she always has good advice.   By the way, one of the things we used to talk about in my classes was  if you have staff or people who work with you who only tell you what  you want to hear, that is a disaster for your leadership. You have to  cultivate and value and enable people who are willing to tell you when  you are wrong. Indeed, Kay has never had any trouble doing that with  me.   In fact, when I was first elected Governor of Maine, we had the whole  staff and cabinet, including me, do a personality test; you know, what  are your strengths and weaknesses? I don't remember the specifics, but  I do remember that Kay scored 0 on the respect for authority scale. I  know it was a good scale because the chief of police and the adjutant  general both scored 100. That is so important. You have to have  somebody who will tell you when you are on the wrong track, when you  are not following what you said you were going to do, when you are not  really thinking about what the proper issues are or what the proportion  is for those issues. That is why Kay has been so valuable to me over  these 25 years. I could always count on her to tell me the truth. That  is an essential function for someone in a position of that kind of  responsibility with a public official.   She also is a perennial optimist. She always--it is amazing, of all  the years we have been together and the discussions we have had and all  the issues we have talked about, I always felt better at the end of a  conversation with Kay Rand than I did at the beginning, with one  exception. The one exception was when I was in the car, driving from  Bangor to Augusta when I was Governor, and she called me to tell me  that there was a $75 million shortfall in the State budget because of  the recession of 2001. That was not a happy conversation; there was no  way to feel better. Other than that, Kay always had a way of making me  feel better leaving a conversation than I did entering into it.   She also listens, which is an essential part of leadership. By the  way, when you talk about a chief of staff, you are talking about a  leadership position. She listens, and listens empathetically, and  everyone feels that they are valued. That is one of the major things  she has brought to my office and to my life over the past 25 years.   She listens, she shares, and she is empathetic. She has no respect  for authority. She is honest, and she has made an enormous difference  in my life and, I believe, in the life of the people of Maine. She has  never lost her passion for public service, her deep affection for and  understanding of the people of Maine, and the responsibility that those  of us who have been entrusted with the public charge, the public  trust--with the responsibility we have to remember who sent us here, to  remember what the values are, what the issues are, what we can do to  represent the people of Maine. Kay Rand has always reminded me of that  because that is who she is.   Facetiously, I have often said that my standard for leadership can be  summarized in one sentence: Hire good people and take credit for what  they do. I have been doing that for 25 years.   Kay Rand is an extraordinarily able, devoted, and serious public  servant. She is leaving--well-deserved--going back to Bar Harbor, ME.  That is not a bad place to be going back to. I understand it fully.   I just want this Senate to know and the people of Maine to know that  an important public servant is leaving us but has left us and left me  with an everlasting legacy of leadership, integrity, and character.  She, in many ways, has taught me how to lead.   I will miss her. I will miss her as a friend. I will miss her as a  leader in my office. I will miss her as a person who has made such a  difference in my life, in my family's lives, and in the lives of the  people of Maine.   Kay Rand is an extraordinary person. She has done an amazing job for  the people of Maine, for the Senate, and for me. Personally, I will  make it, but it is going to be difficult. It is going to be difficult.  Kay Rand is a very special person, as all of us who know her can  attest.   I yield the floor.    First, Mr. President, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for  bringing forth this proposal that makes so much sense and that, as he  points out, has bipartisan support. In fact, I don't know if I have  ever heard the Senator make so much sense twice in the same time of  being on the floor--about this bill and about Senator Alexander. He is  right on both counts. We are certainly going to miss the Senator from  Tennessee, but like the characters in ``The Adventures of Tom Sawyer,''  when Tom and Huck were in the attic of the church during their own  funerals, he is still here. He is going to be here for another 2 years,  and we are going to get a lot done.   I had a very formative experience as the Governor of Maine. Every  year, we used to go to New York to talk to the rating agencies about  our bond issues and the bond rating. Of course, the desire of any  Governor of any State is to have a good bond rating so that you will  pay less interest.   At one point, I was making a presentation to the bond council and the  rating agencies in New York, and I said: We have low debt, and we don't  take on much in bonds, and we pay them off in 10 years. We are really  keeping the bond indebtedness down.   Then one of these green eyeshade guys stopped me. He said: Governor,  [[Page S7766]]  when you are not fixing things, it is debt just as if it is on your  balance sheet.   That is what we are talking about here. We are talking about a debt  that is going to have to be fixed sooner or later, and we will have to  come up with a method of funding it that will be very creative and that  won't take funds for another purpose. It will be symmetrical because it  will take funds from the utilization of Federal lands to provide the  maintenance and support of other Federal lands for the National Park  System.   The Senator from Ohio mentioned that 330 million people visited our  national parks last year. That happens to be the entire population of  the United States.   We have a wonderful park in Maine--Acadia. We had 3.5 million people  last year at that park. The problem is, I have seen leaky roofs and  roads that need repair, and if we don't do that, we will not be serving  the public, and we will not be serving the next generation of Americans  that wants to enjoy the parks. Now we will have an opportunity to do  so.   It is supported on a bipartisan basis in this body, in the other  body, and by the administration. This is something we ought to be able  to do, and it is a responsibility we have. I would say maintaining what  we have is one of our most fundamental responsibilities, and this is a  bill that will enable us to do that in a way that is responsible  fiscally.   I emphasize that if we don't do this, we will be adding to the  national debt. We are adding to the national debt, and that is going to  have to be paid. Construction costs always go up. So, in effect, it is  going to have to be paid with interest.   Now is the time to take this step in order to maintain the national  parks in the condition that our American public deserves. They expect  us to meet this responsibility. So I want to compliment and thank the  Senator from Ohio, the Senator from Tennessee, as well as our colleague  Mark Warner from Virginia, for bringing this bill forward. We have now  added cosponsors from both sides of the aisle, and we are ready to make  this happen. There is no reason that we can't move forward, hopefully  in this Congress, if not very early in the next Congress.    This is one of those things that is not all that glamorous, repairing  roofs and doing trail maintenance at national parks, but it will mean  something to the people who come. Someday, years from now, a family  will walk through Acadia National Park or Yosemite or the Great Smokies  or the great parks in Ohio, and they won't know who fixed that trail.  They won't know who repaired that visitors' center. They will just know  that they have had one of the most memorable experiences of their life,  and somebody helped that to take place. I just hope that that somebody  is us because we are able to do it. We have the means. We have the  vehicle. Now is the time to move this bill, to do something to pay a  debt that we all have to the American people.   I yield to my esteemed colleague from Tennessee.    My only final comment is to suggest a friendly amendment as  to how to allocate these funds. I suggest alphabetically, and the fact  that Acadia is in Maine is a mere coincidence.   Seriously, I think my two colleagues have made the case. Hopefully,  we are going to be able to move this again through the committee. As  Senator Alexander reported, it has already been considered and reported  favorably by the committee and, hopefully, it will be one of the first  items of business in the new year.   As Senator Portman has said, this is a win. It is a win for the  American people, and I think it will be reassuring that we can, in  fact, find ways to work together on important national problems.  Senator Alexander listed the things that have been done. The only one  he didn't mention was the farm bill that passed last week, I think 87  to 13--heavily negotiated, entirely bipartisan, makes a real difference  for rural America. Here is a chance to make a difference for all of  those who love and treasure our national parks. I look forward to  working with my colleagues to make it happen.   