 Madam President, I just want to thank my colleague, the  majority leader, for his comments about me.   He asked if there were differences between the time that I served  before and this most recent time, and I must say that the thing that I  have noticed most is the kindness with which I have been treated by my  colleagues and by staff--I am talking about colleagues and staff on  both sides of the aisle--and by other people who work here at the  Capitol, including, most especially, the Capitol Police.   I never expected to be welcomed back with that degree of kindness,  and I have commented that it might be a nice thing if we could extend  that same degree of kindness to each other every day, rather than to  just those who come back after a long absence.   But I do very much appreciate your comments, Mr. Leader, and most  especially your leadership and friendship over the years. Thank you  very much.    Mr. President, I thank the chairman of the Senate Armed  Services Committee for engaging in this brief colloquy and for  specifically calling for a hearing a couple of weeks ago at which the  two cochairmen of the National Defense Strategy Commission presented  the findings of the Commission's report. I agree that the hearing,  which was attended by, I believe, every member of the Senate Armed  Services Committee, was a remarkable hearing because the members of the  Commission, represented by the two cochairs, made it clear that their  report--our report--was, indeed, a bipartisan document and nonpartisan,  as cochairman Admiral Roughead said.   Perhaps it would be good to just dwell for a moment on how this  Commission was created, and then we can talk a little bit more about  the report itself because I think one of the biggest factors about the  report is the credibility of the people who helped to design it.   A couple of years ago, the two Armed Services Committees in the House  and Senate put a provision in the National Defense Authorization Act to  create a commission that would be comprised of 12 members--6 of whom to  be appointed by the Senate and 6 of whom to be appointed by the House.  Three each would be appointed by the chairmen and the ranking members  of the two Armed Services Committees so there would be a balance of six  Democrats and six Republicans--I think. I say that because, like  Admiral Roughead, I am not sure of the politics of everybody who served  on the Commission. They all knew my politics, as I was a retired  Republican Senator at the time, and I knew a couple of the other  members of the Commission. Yet, frankly, the politics were left at the  door. We went in and debated about the status of our national security  and, in particular, about the Secretary of Defense's national strategy.   We concluded, first of all, that the Secretary was correct in that we  had to reorient the priorities of our national defense to reflect the  fact that China and Russia now both presented a challenge to the United  States that had not existed in the prior several years but that the  challenge was increasingly difficult to confront and important to  confront because of the attitudes of those two countries and that the  other threats from Iran, from North Korea, and from terrorists, while  still very significant, would be relegated, in effect, to a secondary  position. We thought, in that regard, the Secretary's strategy was  correct, and we commended him for that.   We also found the basic strategy he laid out for confronting the  challenges was satisfactory but with a big caveat, and that was that  unless the Defense Department was adequately reauthorized to confront  these challenges, the strategy could not succeed. So much of what the  Commission dwelt on was what we would need to do in the near and medium  future in order to rebuild our military to successfully defend the  United States against these emerging threats.    Mr. President, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee  is exactly correct. You could illustrate the same things with charts  relating to our Air Force, to our Army, to our Marine Corps--all  elements of our services. It is not just in the number of ships but in  the quality of the ships. Both the Russians and the Chinese, I would  note, have made some significant advances in submarine technology, for  example, that would pose a real threat to the U.S. Navy.   What the Commission concluded was, three major changes were necessary  to the way we fund our military.   The first is, the top line, the total amount Congress appropriates  each year, needs to be increased. We didn't specify a particular  amount, but we noted that just to satisfy the 20-year budget  projections of President Obama's Secretary of Defense, this would  require a minimum of 3- to 5-percent increases annually above the rate  [[Page S7751]]  of inflation; in other words, real growth in the topline spending.   Secondly--and these are two faults of the U.S. Congress--the  Commission pointed to the Congress and said: You have been funding  government for far too long with continuing resolutions rather than  your getting on with the job of passing appropriations bills that  actually note each year's requirements and appropriate an amount of  money to reflect those requirements. The continuing resolutions, or  CRs, make it almost impossible for the planners at the Defense  Department to plan more than just a couple of months in advance, and  when we are talking about enormously long-term acquisitions that cost  billions of dollars, this makes it a very inefficient way and  ineffective way to fund defense.   Finally, we recommended that the Budget Control Act, which currently  controls the way the Congress spends money, needs to have a change in  it. The sequestration trigger in that bill has harmed defense spending  more than anything else. It has resulted in about one-half trillion  dollars, over 10 years, in lost appropriations for the Department of  Defense. That law is still in effect, and it will govern the  appropriations of the last 2 years of the decade of its being in effect  unless Congress repeals it or modifies it. So the third recommendation  is, the sequestration trigger in the Budget Control Act needs to be  eliminated.    Mr. President, I certainly appreciate this comment by the  chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee because the Secretaries  of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs have all said our  strategic deterrent has to be our No. 1 priority. Why is that? It is  because this is the one area in which the entire U.S. security is at  risk. This is the existential threat--the threat that could destroy the  entire United States. Obviously, a nuclear war between either the  United States and China or Russia would be devastating to the entire  world, but because it is a direct threat to the homeland, it has to be  the No. 1 priority.   Yet, as the chairman notes, through our negligence, the  administration's and Congress's past, we have allowed three things to  deteriorate all at the same time, and the bill is now coming due on all  three. Therefore, it is going to be a difficult proposition to get  funded.   The first are the laboratories in which our nuclear weapons were  designed. There was testing and, to some extent, they have been  modified or refurbished and have had their life extended through a  program operated at our National Labs.   The National Labs are in incredible need of modernization. We have a  1946-built facility in which our uranium is being produced, and the  roof is literally falling in--I have been there--in Oak Ridge, TN. In  Los Alamos, there is a great need to make changes, and we have to  create a new facility for the production of plutonium pits. This is all  highly technical, but the bottom line is, our laboratories are in dire  need of refurbishment.   Secondly, the nuclear weapons themselves, designed in the 1950s and  1960s and some as late as the 1970s but built in the 1970s and 1980s,  are in extreme need to be checked for their safety and their security  and to have their life extended by the replacement of certain  components, making certain everything else is in operating order. I was  given as a souvenir a vacuum tube which was taken out of one of our  nuclear weapons, having been replaced with a more modern circuit board.  These are the kinds of things we are doing to extend the life of the  nuclear weapons, and it is not inexpensive.   Third, our triad, our delivery systems--the bomber force, the  intercontinental ballistic missiles, and our nuclear-powered submarines  that carry the missiles that currently represent part of our triad and  our strategic deterrent--have all been allowed to deteriorate and need  replacement at the same time. Instead of doing this seriatim, we are  faced with a bill that is going to come due for all three.   The good news is, through the good efforts of the chairman of the  Armed Services Committee and others, provision has been made in the  past NDAA bills to begin this modernization. It has begun, but barely  begun, and it is going to have to continue for a period of 13 to 15  years, something like that.   The other piece of good news is, while all three components of our  nuclear deterrent are needed and are going to have to be paid for at  roughly the same time, at no time in the budget does the combination of  all three of these things represent more than 6.4 percent of the  defense budget. In fact, in most years, it is 3 to 4 percent.   So for the most strategically important element or component of our  national security, we are really spending a very small amount in  proportion to what we have to spend on everything else. That is one of  the reasons I think the committee has found it so important to ensure  that all three of these things move forward, on time, and in the right  way, so our strategic deterrent will, in fact, deter any potential  adversary from miscalculating and thinking that the cost of aggression  against the United States is worth whatever they might seek to achieve.    I couldn't agree with the chairman more. I applaud the  chairman and the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee for  going to the President, along with Secretary of Defense Mattis, and  talking about the need to continue with his defense modernization,  noting the fact that the improvements the Senator has made in the last  2 years have not rebuilt the military or even begun to close the gap.  It has staunched the flow of blood. It has been like a tourniquet on  the arm to prevent any more loss of blood for the military.   The Senator is absolutely right. What the President then said after  his meeting with the Senator, that he thought a number somewhere around  $750 billion was a more accurate number, is exactly correct. In fact, I  think it would be a little more than $750 billion to represent the 5  percent or 3 percent above the rate of inflation. I will have to do the  math when I sit down here.   The point is, some people think the last 2 years, because you all  were very effective--this is before I came back to the Senate--in  staunching that flow of blood, that, therefore, the fight is over.  Nothing could be further from the truth. Really, a 13- to 15-year  program to rebuild our military has just begun.    Mr. President, let me speak a moment about this act. The  sponsors, as you have just heard, and supporters like Senator Portman  have proceeded with very good intentions. As you just heard, a  compelling case for finding ways to help people who have made a mistake  or more have an opportunity to turn their life around.   One of the reasons I am concerned about the legislation is, all of  the kinds of programs that have been spoken of here to enable people to  learn new skills or change their attitudes about life so they will not  commit crimes again, we will not have more recidivism--one of the  concerns is, there is nothing to prohibit any of these programs from  being done today, and they are being done all over the country in State  prisons, in Federal prisons, and the like.   The concern I have is, the effort to provide rewards for people to  participate in these programs may have more negative than positive  effects, and I think the sponsors of the bill need to look at that in  order to persuade some of us that these rewards are necessary, in  addition to the programs that are already in existence.   The other thing that concerns me is, there is a forgotten person in  this whole equation; that is, the victim of the crime. Ever since I  came to the Senate, I have worked on legislation to support crime  victims. Finally, I think it was my first term in the Senate that  Senator Feinstein and I were successful in getting enacted and signed  into law the Federal crime victims' rights bill. This act provides a  whole series of rights for victims of crime, starting with the right to  be notified--the right to be notified of key events during the criminal  justice process and, at appropriate times, the right to speak or  participate.   As I said, the crime victim seems to be forgotten in this  legislation, which has the good intention of preventing recidivism, but  one of the incentives for people to participate in programs while they  are still in prison is that they can earn, in effect, some credits to  enable them to get out earlier or to go into other kinds of programs  before they are released by participating in these programs, but the  victims don't have to be notified.    With many of the people who are involved here and have been in prison  for a long time, there are reasons for the victims to be concerned  about their impending release. Not to notify the victims, I think,  would be a grave injustice.   One of the amendments Senator Kennedy and Senator Cotton have  proposed is to provide notification. Some have said: Well, this is  redundant because the Crime Victims' Rights Act already requires  notification. Yes, the Crime Victims' Rights Act requires notification  of court proceedings but not the kind of proceedings that are embodied  in the legislation.   Here, the proceedings are before the prison warden, in effect. He or  she is the person who makes the decision, adding these credits up, in  effect, to determine whether the prisoner is eligible for some kind of  early release program. The Crime Victims' Rights Act--and I will quote  it in case folks are interested--provides that the victims have the  ``right to be reasonably heard at any public proceeding in the district  court involving release, plea, sentencing, or any parole proceeding.''   First of all, it has to be public and, secondly, it has to be in  court. That is not the proceeding we are talking about in this  legislation. That is why the amendment of Senator Cotton and Senator  Kennedy is necessary, to ensure that in this context as well, crime  victims are notified of the potential release of the perpetrator of the  crime upon them so, if they wish, they can allow their views to be  known, presumably in some kind of written correspondence to the warden,  which the warden could then take into account or not.   I heard a very odd argument made earlier on the floor in opposition  to this amendment. It was, under the Crime Victims Act, about 10  percent of the crime victims don't care to be notified and, in effect,  they opt out of the notice procedure. Therefore, because of that, there  shouldn't be a notice requirement for this procedure. That is a non  sequitur if I have ever heard one.   There are people who undoubtedly choose to ignore the notice they  have received. For whatever reason, they don't want to go back into the  court or to do anything about the notice they have received. For the  other 90 percent, this is a very meaningful proposition. I think it  would be a very scary proposition for some people not to be notified  that the perpetrator of the crime against them is about to be released,  and they don't know about it and will not have any opportunity to say  anything about it.   The fact that 10 percent of the people may choose to ignore this  notice is no reason not to provide the notice. If you don't want to  receive the notice, there is something real easy you can do with it:  You put it in the wastebasket or, if you are concerned that maybe you  will get notified again and that is a bother to you, you can let the  warden know you don't care to receive any more notices.   This is not a very persuasive argument to me; that because 1 in 10  choose not to do anything with the notice, therefore we shouldn't give  notice to the other 90 percent for whom it may be extraordinarily  meaningful.   To my colleagues, I would say, remember, the only reason people are  in prison is because they have committed a crime against someone, and  that someone is frequently ignored in the criminal justice process.  They shouldn't be ignored anymore.   At least in Federal court, we have provided, by law, a series of  requirements for notification and, in some cases, the right to be heard  that finally recognizes that the victim should have some right to  participate in and, at a minimum, be notified of the proceedings that  involve a case that is only there because they have had a crime  committed against them.   In many cases, it is very meaningful for them to come to closure and  find a sense of justice in our criminal justice system when they are  able to participate in that very same system.  [[Page S7771]]    In the past, we have seem to have gotten away from this. It is like:  Well, it is the prosecutor and it is the defendant and nobody else has  any reason to be involved. Yet, of course, the victims have every  reason to be involved.   To my colleagues who say: Well, it is redundant--no, it is clearly  not redundant. The Federal Crime Victims' Rights Act will not provide a  remedy in the case of the bill before us. If you care about crime  victims, if you believe they should have a right to be informed and to  potentially present their view to the warden if they choose to do so,  then I urge you to support the Cotton and Kennedy amendment.   Finally, I heard an argument that--well, there is a victims' rights  group--I have forgotten the name of it--that opposes this. I don't know  that victims' rights group. I do know this. I have been in touch with a  lot of the advocates for crime victims, and they oppose the underlying  legislation. One of the reasons is because it doesn't account for the  rights of crime victims.   Perhaps the proponents could get a little more support for their  legislation if they would pay attention to the people against whom the  crime was committed in the first instance and at least notify them that  the prisoner is going to be released and give them an opportunity to  respond, if they choose to do so.   I urge my colleagues to support the crime victims' rights amendment  to the underlying bill.   I yield the floor.   