 The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this Saturday marks the 1-year anniversary  of Hurricane Harvey making landfall on the Texas gulf coast. What began  as a wave in the Atlantic in early August of last year morphed into a  tropical disturbance and then strengthened into a full-blown hurricane,  category 4.   This is not your average hurricane by any means, dropping a few  buckets of rain, maybe soaking through floorboards or tearing off a  shingle or two on a roof. This was a juggernaut. First it crashed into  the San Jose Island off the coast of Rockport, with wind gusts measured  as high as 145 miles an hour. It is hard to know what that means until  you see it up close and personal, or so I am told.   Two days after landfall, I saw the wreckage firsthand with Mayor C.J.  Wax and Governor Greg Abbott. On Broadway and North Austin Streets in  Rockport, you could smell the natural gas in the air. Storefronts had  been leveled. Windows had been shattered. Power lines had fallen to the  ground. Entire boats lay upside down on the side of the road, their  sails torn to shreds. Roughly 94 percent of the homes in Rockport were  damaged, and 30 percent were destroyed outright.   Keep in mind, this was just the small town of Rockport. This was only  the beginning. Port Arthur, Beaumont, Victoria, Houston, and many other  communities soon faced the brunt of this terrible storm. Harvey was  relentless, dropping more than 60 inches of rain over the course of  several days in some of those places.   Unlike many hurricanes, it parked itself and stayed put after making  landfall. Trapped between two high-pressure systems with nowhere to go,  the storm went on to shatter records. Some people called it a storm  that comes only once every 1,000 years. Others dubbed it the most  extreme rain event in U.S. history.   For people who don't live on the gulf coast of Texas, who didn't see  the shelters firsthand, as I did with my friend and colleague Senator  Cruz at the NRG Center in Houston, it is really hard to imagine what it  looked and felt like--all the closed roads, flooded homes, and  exhausted faces of people praying for life to return to normal.   Over in Friendswood, which is right outside of Houston, I helped out  what is known as Texas Rubicon, a terrific nonprofit made up of  military veterans. We removed sheetrock and  [[Page S5888]]  hauled debris off a resident's yard. I remember having to wear a  protective mask and gloves because of the contamination, but it was  also in the context of intense heat and mosquitoes and the mud. All of  this was just a small taste of what those in the community had to  endure for days on end.   Then there were folks like Amy, a single mother in Houston. This is a  scene of her house after the hurricane. You can see on August 22, 2018,  a very nice suburban neighborhood, and this was her house or what is  left of her house and the interior of her house after the hurricane  hit.   I think these pictures speak to the resiliency of the Texans I got to  know in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey. Their attitude was, well, we  have been dealt a major setback, but there is no use crying about it.  We have to dig ourselves out of this mess. And that is exactly what  they did, with the help of tens of thousands of volunteers, donors,  philanthropists, business leaders, and Good Samaritans across the  country.   We are grateful to the many rescuers, people like Dan LeBlanc from  Port Arthur, Doug Barnes from Dallas, and Robert Bode for managing  evacuations at the Cypress Glen Nursing Home, which was no easy task.   Here is a picture of those three gentlemen and the great work they  did at the Cypress Glen Nursing Home.   These three had no special expertise in search and rescue, but they  saved close to 100 patients, some of whom were bedridden and required  special boats that could power their life support systems.   Then there were the bakers at El Bolillo in Houston, who provided  bread to flood victims.   Then there was a man we have come to know in Houston as Mattress  Mack, who opened his showroom for the displaced.   There was Officer Steve Perez, a 34-year veteran of the Houston  Police Department, who paid the ultimate sacrifice during rescue  efforts. After the storm hit, he knew the conditions were dangerous,  but he insisted on doing his part to help save those he was sworn to  protect and defend. He said simply: ``We've got work to do.'' We  remember Officer Perez today and always. And we remember all of those  courageous first responders who swung into action.   The outpouring of Texans helping their neighbors over and over again  reminded me of a saying I heard years ago at another natural disaster,  that being a Texan doesn't describe where you are from, it describes  who your family is.   During those tough days and long nights that followed, people were  hurting after losing so much, not only their homes but schools that  their kids attended, schools like Aloe Elementary in Victoria, which I  visited with Principal Hurley and Dr. Jaklich, the district  superintendent.   In the wake of all this devastation, they and many others were  wondering what was being done to recover and rebuild. The short answer  is: a lot. First came the initial response. Unlike Noah, we didn't have  an ark, but we had 104 boats courtesy of the U.S. Coast Guard, which  rescued more than 11,000 people.   FEMA--the Federal Emergency Management Agency--had prepositioned  supplies before the storm and worked to coordinate temporary housing  after it hit. Led by Administrator Brock Long, FEMA did a good job.   Meanwhile, the Environmental Protection Agency worked to restore  drinking water. The Department of Energy worked to restore power. The  Small Business Administration approved disaster loans. The National  Flood Insurance Program expedited claims. Gradually, ports reopened,  schools and roads started to as well. And Governor Abbott immediately  formed the Commission to Rebuild Texas and wisely appointed a great  Texan, John Sharp, to chair it.   Following the emergency response, our job here in Washington was just  beginning. In the weeks and months following landfall, Congress passed  three separate aid bills totaling $147 billion. Of course, this wasn't  just for Hurricane Harvey, it was for the wildfires out West and the  hurricanes in Puerto Rico and Florida as well as Texas.   We also passed a new law allowing Texans to receive tax deductions  for hurricane-related expenses and successfully encouraged FEMA to  reverse a policy that prevented houses of worship from accessing  disaster relief funds. Afterward, we codified this change into law.   Meanwhile, the Department of Housing and Urban Development announced  plans to use $5 billion of the disaster funds to help homeowners  rebuild through the Community Development Block Grant Program. These  resources will help pay for buyouts, the construction of rental  property, and reimbursements for repairs incurred in the wake of the  storm. Once HUD finalizes an additional $5 billion, those funds will  flow to Texas for mitigation purposes.   Of course, there isn't much sense in rebuilding without ensuring the  region can withstand another major weather event in the future. That is  why we made sure that the third disaster aid bill, a response to  multiple hurricanes and wildfires across the country, designated  roughly half of the relevant U.S. Army Corps of Engineer construction  funds for Texas-specific projects.   The Corps, of course, is a Federal entity primarily responsible for  flood mitigation, and after Harvey laid bare just how vulnerable the  Houston region truly is, its expertise became an increasingly valuable  asset.   Thanks to the Corps, as well as State and local partners, as well as  our colleagues here in Congress, some of the most pressing  infrastructure improvements are underway. Across more than 4,000 square  miles between Sabine Pass and Galveston Bay, a series of storm surge  and flood protection measures will update levy systems, and in some  cases, construct new ones.   In places like Clear Creek and Brays Bayou, meanwhile, the funds will  be used to widen channels, construct detention basins replace bridges,  and renovate dams.   Importantly, these projects include cost-share requirements  reflecting the partnership between Texas, local officials, and the  Trump administration to rebuild. Instead of a single infrastructure  project, the result will be a new, multilayered system of improvements  to address our most acute vulnerabilities.   At the same time, the long-term planning with the Texas General Land  Office, as well as the Governor's office and the entire Texas  delegation continues.   Adding to these efforts is the Corps' ongoing Coastal Texas Study,  which Congress has funded and which will provide a comprehensive  strategy for flood mitigation, which is the necessary next step toward  coastal protection because this is not the last hurricane that will hit  the gulf coast of Texas or the huge economic engine known as Houston.   I am confident that having the smartest minds study our coast will  ultimately result in recommendations that Congress can then authorize.  Once that happens, and in coordination with State legislative and local  officials, who, let's not forget, play a very large role, will fight to  ensure our coastal communities flourish and are protected for  generations to come.   We have to face the facts: Harvey was an unthinkable catastrophe, one  of a kind. I can't believe it has already been a year. But for some  down there, though, I am sure it feels like a whole lot longer than  that.   It is my privilege to serve the people of the great State of Texas,  and as part of my job, I have unfortunately had the occasion to see  plenty of heartache and tragedy over the years. Few disasters, however,  have impacted so many Texans and in such a devastating way as Hurricane  Harvey. Over the last year, working together, Texans have begun to heal  and rebuild, but the job isn't finished, so I pledge my efforts to work  to ensure our State remains protected, and I appreciate the work and  support of all of our colleagues as we have met this terrible disaster  with an appropriate Federal response.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Reserving the right to object, Mr. President, the Paul  amendment is a germane amendment. It should be taken up and passed with  a majority vote in the U.S. Senate.   This counterproposal asks that a 60-vote threshold be set for the  Paul amendment, which, obviously, would make it much less likely to  actually pass. What I think makes a whole lot more sense is to have a  vote on the Paul amendment as a stand-alone to defund Planned  Parenthood with a majority vote of 50, but I believe that the Manchin  amendment has problems as well.   Firstly, this Manchin amendment inserts itself into pending  litigation in Federal court, which is being led by my home State of  Texas, by intervening as a party only a few weeks prior to there being  oral arguments. This is a role that is generally reserved for the  executive branch, and I believe that the legislature--the Senate-- should exercise caution and deference to the constitutional role of  other branches before injecting itself into a contested lawsuit at a  late hour.   Secondly, the Manchin amendment asserts that the Senate should defend  all provisions of the Affordable Care Act. While that may be the  position of the senior Senator from West Virginia, I have a number of  concerns and objections to ObamaCare which are well-known, as do so  many of my Republican colleagues. There are many problematic and  possibly illegal provisions of ObamaCare that should not be defended by  this body, as the Manchin amendment would urge.   Finally, I strongly believe in protecting Americans who have  preexisting conditions and in ensuring they have access to affordable  healthcare. Our friends across the aisle act as if the only way you can  protect against preexisting conditions is through ObamaCare. That is  demonstrably false. There is a much better and more reasonable way to  protect Americans who have preexisting conditions other than to shackle  them to ObamaCare. I believe the best way for us to address this is by  legislating--by working together and coming up with legislation that  will actually solve the problem--rather than by injecting ourselves  into ongoing litigation against ObamaCare.   While I am opposed to the extraneous amendment by the senior Senator  from West Virginia, I am completely in support of voting on Senator  Paul's amendment. Frankly, I am a little confused by his statement that  Republicans oppose his amendment when, at this point, I renew the  request of the Senator from Kentucky. Yet I ask that it be set at a 50- vote threshold as a germane amendment to the pending legislation.    I object.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Tennessee (Mr. Corker), the Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz),  the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. Fischer), and the Senator from Arizona  (Mr. McCain).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz)  would have voted ``yea.''   