 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Madam President, I am honored to have the opportunity to  join my colleagues and rise today to speak in tribute to my friend  Senator Bob Corker and in recognition of his remarkable service to our  Nation here in the Senate of the United States. Senator Corker and his  staff have left an astonishing legacy of tireless energy, engagement,  and productivity, and I am thrilled to have a few minutes to follow on  the comments of the majority leader and the senior Senator from his  home State of Tennessee.   When I first came here as a freshman in 2010, I partnered with  Senator Joe Manchin, who was elected at the same time as I was in a  special election. We decided that the first thing we had to do was to  go to Afghanistan and see our troops in harm's way. Having never been a  Senator before, I had no idea how one went about getting to  Afghanistan, but Senator Manchin assured me he had it under control and  it was all going to be just fine.   Just a few weeks later, I ended up on an airplane with two Senators I  had never heard of--Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Bob Corker of  Tennessee. Maybe I had heard of them, but I certainly had never met  them and knew little about them.   As we all got engaged in this trip--we went to Pakistan and  Afghanistan--I learned more and more about Bob Corker. You just heard  it, but I will  [[Page S7327]]  repeat it. Possessing a fierce work ethic, incredible intellect, and a  determination to get things done, Mr. Corker is a builder who reaches  across the aisle, extends his hand, and doesn't relent until there is a  deal done. I can't think of a more frustrating place to try and bring  that attitude than Afghanistan. We were there at a time when our own  law enforcement had just informed us that then-President Hamid Karzai's  half-brother had stolen nearly a half billion dollars from the American  taxpayers. Chairman Corker unleashed on the President of Afghanistan  with a focused communication that I will not soon forget, and that left  me looking around to make sure there were folks from our side in the  room.   He was respectful and supportive of our men and women of the Armed  Forces. He was engaged and purposeful with the leaders of Afghanistan.  In every single meeting we had in Pakistan and Afghanistan and then in  the follow-on in Jordan and Israel, Bob was a blizzard of activity with  purpose. What an introduction that was.   What I realized on our trip is that my background as a county  executive who did a lot in land use and development and Bob's  background as an entrepreneur and a builder and then a mayor and  someone passionate about providing housing to those in need meant that  we had a lot in common. He has an attitude of wanting to get a lot of  things done and refusing to be satisfied with a body where folks talk  too much and accomplish too little. So from that first trip, I  concluded Senator Corker was someone with whom I could really get  things done.   He is the sort of person who has been willing at times to put Nation  above party and to be always committed to his home State of Tennessee.   I do want to make sure I also say thank you to his wife Elizabeth and  to his daughters, Emily and Julia, and his family, including his  grandchildren, who have supported him in this service.   His dozen years in the Senate has left a lasting legacy, and that is  only because he has a family who has loved and supported him even as he  has traveled relentlessly around the world and worked tirelessly to  tackle our budget issues. As a builder, an entrepreneur, and successful  businessman, Bob can read a balance sheet, and he knows that ours is  badly out of whack. As a member of the Budget Committee in my first few  years here, he was relentless at delivering a message to anyone who was  here that we were headed toward a reckoning. That is a piece of  unfinished business that I feel some obligation to try and carry  forward in Mr. Corker's honor.   As you heard his colleagues say, though, it was at moments of Bob's  tireless, relentless energy and his determination to build things and  get things done that he encountered the tragic realities of the world  that most moved him. A trip to Haiti opened his eyes to the profound  need for housing in this region of the world. Much later, a trip to the  Philippines to see the tragedy of young women ensnared by sex  traffickers profoundly touched him and moved him. It is this  combination of a relentless will, great intellect, and a huge heart  that has made Senator Corker--Chairman Corker--such a successful leader  here.   Whether meeting with world leaders, fighting to solve budget issues,  or chairing the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, there is universal  agreement about his passion, his character, and his integrity. That is  because he genuinely listens to people, asks them thoughtful, sometimes  tough, very focused questions, and then gets moving toward solving a  problem.   I asked for a review of the bills that we have worked on, and it is  longer than the time I have allotted. So let me just give a few  highlights. One of the issues that bears mentioning is that in a deeply  divided, often too partisan Congress, where too few Members are willing  to work across the aisle to achieve results, my work on legislation  with Chairman Corker has led to most of the things that I can say with  confidence have made a difference in my short 8 years here.   We recently worked together to reauthorize PEPFAR, President George  W. Bush's emergency program for AIDS relief, in just September of this  year. We worked together--this is really Senator Corker's issue and his  leadership--to pass the End Modern Slavery Initiative Act, a critical  step in fighting the scourge of slavery around the world today. We  worked to pass the Global Food Security Act, which authorized USAID's  Emergency Food Security Program, and we worked tirelessly--work I  intend to continue--to make our food aid more efficient and focused.   There is the Water for the World Act, which promotes safe, clean  drinking water for a billion people around the world and was signed  into law in 2014.   Most recently, there was a bill we spent a great deal of time on and  where his staff was particularly effective, the BUILD Act, which will  deploy $60 billion of American private capital around the world, at no  cost to American taxpayers, in a way that meets the challenges we face  from China, investing everywhere in the world. It allows us to step up  the skills and strength of our private sector to help build and meet  the needs of a growing world. Working to implement the BUILD Act and to  execute on Bob's vision will be one of the things I will tend to this  coming year, as well as making sure that the Electrify Africa Act,  which we worked on together, is implemented this coming year, and this  will be something I look forward to doing.   Working on making sure that the End Modern Slavery Initiative Act is  carried forward this coming Congress is something I look forward to.   What I will deeply miss is time with Senator Corker. It was at Easter  time last year that he asked me on short notice if I thought we should  go to the fastest growing refugee camp in the world, Bidi Bidi, in  Uganda, where more than a quarter-million people were living after  fleeing war-torn South Sudan. I went to my wife and said: I sort of  planned a quiet weekend at home this year, what do you think? She said:  There is no better place on Earth you can be than with Bob Corker. She  and I both have been impressed with his tireless commitment to making a  difference in the world, and the impact of that trip on both of us--of  spending that weekend not in the comfort or quiet of our own homes in  our home States but with people who had just fled violence, torture,  rape, and abuse, and to provide some measure of comfort and confidence  to them and to gain insight into how we are helping around the world-- touched my heart and will affect the whole rest of my service and my  life.   Let me just say this in closing. We have had a remarkable time  serving together in Foreign Relations. Chairman Corker has shown us how  Members of this body should act. We have real differences. He is a  conservative Republican. He is of the opposite party. He comes to  things with different principles. But he has been relentless in finding  solutions, and the problems that face us will not be solved without  leaders like Chairman Corker.   It has been my honor to have the opportunity to work with him on a  few issues. Frankly, I wish more Members were here to talk about all  the other issues--from financial services to the auto industry to  things around the world--that I know are pressing business in this  short lameduck session.   Let me say this. I am eager to see what Chairman Corker does next,  because his relentless energy, huge heart, and great intellect have  made such a lasting difference here. I am eager to find out what he is  determined to build next. There is nothing to which he has bent his  will toward that hasn't been shaped by his character, his integrity,  and his kindness.   It has been a true blessing, Mr. Corker, to serve alongside you and,  in some small way, to try to earn the opportunity to make a difference  in this country and in this world with you. Thank you and thank you for  your service to our Nation.   With that, Madam President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   