 Mr. President, let me tell you how pleased I am for the  people in Maryland that we are now in the process of ending this  government shutdown.   A government shutdown does not benefit anyone. It certainly doesn't  benefit the Federal workers who live in Maryland and the Federal  workers around the Nation. There is the uncertainty that a shutdown  brings. Those who are exempted are asked to work without knowing when  they will get a paycheck. Those who are on furlough don't know whether  they will ever get a paycheck or not. It is not in the interest of our  Federal workforce. It is certainly not in the interest of Federal  contractors, who depend upon contracts that have been put on  suspension. It is not in the interest of the public, who depends upon  governmental services. It ends up costing taxpayers more money.   I am pleased to see that we are on a path to end this shutdown and to  get the government back up and with a path forward. I also am pleased  that we have at least accelerated the deadline for getting a budget  done by 2 weeks.   Many of us have expressed major concern about continuing to operate  under a continuing resolution. That makes no sense. We heard from the  Department of Defense that they cannot keep our country safe on  continuing resolutions. We know that agencies, when they are trying to  plan their mission, cannot operate on continuing resolutions.   For the public, continuing resolutions state that we are going to  operate on last year's budget. It doesn't reflect this year's  priorities, and that is what we should be doing every year.   So in this case, the Republicans control the House, the Senate, and  the White House. We would think that a budget could have been done by  October 1 of last year, which is when the fiscal year began. We are now  approaching 4 months under the fiscal year 2018 budget, and we still  don't have a budget.   One of the parts I am pleased about is that, as we move forward, we  have had really positive discussions that by February 8 it is realistic  to expect that we are going to be able to enact budget numbers so that  the Appropriations Committee can recommend to the full Chamber, and we  can pass, appropriations bills or a CRomnibus or an omnibus that will  allow our agencies to have the remainder of this year's appropriations.   I certainly hope it will include fiscal year 2019--that would  certainly be the best--and that it will be balanced between the needs  of the Department of Defense and the nondefense agencies.   We have critical functions that require to have a full year of  appropriations, which include our national defense, the Department of  Defense, the State Department, the Department of Health and Human  Services, the work that is done in the National Institutes of Health,  food safety and the Food and Drug Administration, and the ability of  the Social Security Administration to deliver checks to our seniors and  to take care of our healthcare needs. All  [[Page S433]]  that requires that we have the predictability of a budget.   I wasn't pleased we had a shutdown, but I am pleased that during this  debate, we had great discussions among Democrats and Republicans that  we are committed to bringing out a budget by February 8 so that we can  give that type of predictability to the people of this country. That  was one of the principal frustrations, that many of us didn't want to  go for another continuing resolution without knowing how we were going  to deal with the budget.    There are some special needs that we have paid particular attention  to that we really also need to get done by no later than February 8.   One of those is the opioid funding. It is in our national interest to  recognize that we have a national crisis. Every community in the  country is suffering from the opioid crisis, and we need to make sure  we have the wherewithal for the Federal Government to be a strong  partner in dealing with this crisis.   Many of my colleagues have talked about disaster relief. We certainly  need to help the communities of Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and deal  with the wildfires in the West. We know we have to get that done now.  We can't wait another month. Let's make sure that by no later than  February 8, we have also dealt with those issues.   In the legislation we are considering now, I am pleased that we will  deal with the Children's Health Insurance Program. I wish it were  permanent. Rather than putting another deadline on the program, we  should try to make it permanent. It has been a bipartisan success in  all of our States, and the Children's Health Insurance Program needs  further attention for permanency.   However, the legislation we are in the process of passing does not  deal with community health centers. We know that most of our children  and their parents who are using the CHIP program are going to be using  health centers. We need to extend the program for our health centers.   There are a lot of extenders out there on which we need to act. Just  to mention one, the one that I have been interested in and have  authored legislation on deals with the therapy cap. A therapy cap means  that those who have the most serious need for therapy services--those  suffering from strokes and those types of injuries--are not able to get  the full services or are at least threatened to not get the services  because of a therapy cap. We have extended it ever since we put it into  law. The cap should never have been put into law. We also need to pay  attention to it in this budget debate. That also needs to be dealt with  by February 8.   My colleagues brought up the serious pension issues that affect the  workers of this country. That needs to be addressed.   There is reason to say that I am pleased that the government is back  up--or will be back up shortly--but we really need to negotiate and not  operate under continuing resolutions.   I think that because of the amount of spotlight that has been put on  these issues, we have a much better chance to get these budget issues  resolved through an appropriations or a CRomnibus or an omnibus rather  than a continuing resolution.   Then there is the issue of the Dreamers that I have talked about  numerous times on the floor of the Senate. The Dreamer issue is urgent.  It is urgent. Many Dreamers' lives have already been affected, and  their lives have been changed as a result of President Trump's  announcement last September that he was putting a 6-month time limit on  when the Dreamers would be subject to deportation. That deadline occurs  in early March.   In the meantime, those who are up for renewal status--there has been  uncertainty as to whether they will be able to continue to reside here  in America, whether they will be able to continue to have a driver's  license or to work. They feel like they have--and they do have--a sign  on their backs saying that they expire on a particular date. That  anxiety needs to end. It should never have been started under President  Trump's edict in September, but we need to respond to that in an urgent  way.   I was very pleased that we have a commitment from the majority leader  that by no later than February 8, if we have not passed the bipartisan  DACA protection, Dreamer protection bill, we will have that bill on the  floor of the Senate in a manner in which the Senate can speak on the  issue.   I am very confident that because of the compromise that has been  negotiated with Senator Graham and Senator Durbin, we will be able to  pass that bill that will protect the Dreamers. What it does is it  allows them to maintain their Dreamer status, and it puts them on a  pathway so they can have permanent citizenship here in the United  States, and they will know their future is here in America. After all,  it is the only country most of them know. That is certainly a very  encouraging sign.   I was also very pleased to hear in the negotiations that took place  that this legislation would also provide the protection for those who  are here in temporary protected status. In some of the cases, President  Trump has extended dates and said: This is the last extension. That  could expire within the next 18 months. In some cases, he has deferred  making that decision for some countries.   What we know about those in temporary protected status is that they  are very similar to the Dreamers. Many know no country but the United  States as their home, and it is important that we protect their status  here in the United States and provide them a pathway for permanency and  citizenship here in the United States. They are part of America, and  they are part of our economy.   In the meantime, I would hope that there would be consensus here and  support from the White House that the enforcement procedures that are  being used against the immigrant community be mindful of the efforts  being made here to provide them a permanent status and that the  priorities on enforcement that we have heard mentioned many times-- which, quite frankly, are very confusing to the immigrant community-- that those priorities would not be aimed at those who are going to be  protected under the legislation we will be considering in the next few  weeks.   We all are pleased that we are now able to move forward to keep the  government open, that we have a commitment to deal with the budget of  our country by February 8 and the Dreamer issue by that date. We have  made real progress.   As Senator Durbin observed--and I must tell you, I think each of us  did also--during this very difficult time, the conversations we have  had among our colleagues on both sides of the aisle have been very  encouraging. I think the Members of this body want to return to the  great traditions of the Senate where we listen to each other, where we  work together, where we compromise, and where we are able to come to  successful completion of our work. Virtually no work has been done, but  too much is on the table right now that needs to get finished. Let's  take advantage of these next few weeks to show the American people that  indeed we will work together in the best interest of our country,  putting partisan politics aside, dealing with our budget issues,  dealing with our immigration issues, dealing with our healthcare  issues, and dealing with our pension issues.   We can do the people's work. Let's get that done, and let's start  right now getting that work completed.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Daines). The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   