 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the bill's sponsor, the  gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. Jenkins), for her leadership in putting  this package together.   What a week to do it. Now, I firmly believe that God has a sense of  humor, and God even has a sense of humor in the collection of our  taxes. Because of an electronic filing system glitch at the IRS,  because of a technology failure, the American people got a reprieve for  24 hours on filing their taxes. And miracle of miracles, we did not  expect this, but a bipartisan bill comes to the floor to address the  technology needs of the IRS. God, indeed, has a sense of humor or a  deep understanding of public policy. But I think God is in all things,  so he certainly is in this.   Now, that glitch of the IRS is just the public acknowledgment of the  desperate need that we know this agency has to be modernized. We  modernized the Tax Code, now we need to modernize the collection of our  taxes as American people. The 21st Century IRS Act is the first  comprehensive, bipartisan step to address this problem. Significant  reforms are contained in this bill.   Now, take, for instance, my provision in the bill, for example. It is  a bicameral, bipartisan piece of legislation that Congressman  Blumenauer and I introduced here in the House and Senators Booker and  Crapo introduced in the Senate. That section of the bill, section 301,  simply says the IRS has to stop using a manual process involving fax  machines to verify income.   Now, the fax machine was a fantastic business product that became a  consumer product in the 1980s. It is great technology, but it is not  modern technology and not the best technology. And so while it may seem  laughable that IRS employees are still sitting around using fax  machines to process things that in the private sector would be done in  an instant, in a second, in less than a second to verify using computer  technology, the not-so-funny part is the impact it has had on the  hardworking American people who are delayed in getting lending needs or  getting their family needs met for financial decisions.   Mortgages, small business loans, student debt refinancing, and  consumer debt, generally, those loans have to get a verification from  the IRS on how much income they made last year. Now, all we are saying  is modernize it, make it the standard of the private sector, and  deliver better for the taxpayers.   It is bipartisan. I am grateful that we have initiatives like that in  this broader package that we will see across the House floor and  hopefully see into law. I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes,'' and I  thank the leadership on both sides of the aisle for making this day  possible.   