 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Wyoming for his  comments and all those who have worked so hard to bring this  legislation to the floor, which we will be voting on later tonight.   Indian water settlements are an invaluable tool to ensure that Tribes  receive the water rights they are entitled  [[Page S2133]]  to and that other water users are given the certainty they require.   In States like my home State of Arizona, water rights have a  substantial impact on the lives and livelihoods of so many residents.  So these measures are critical to communities around the great State of  Arizona.   I rise today to support the legislation I introduced aimed at  ensuring that the previously enacted White Mountain Apache Tribe Water  Rights Quantification Act of 2010 is properly interpreted by the  Department of Interior. This bill clarifies that settlement funds  awarded to the Tribe may be used for a critical rural water system.  This new system is essential for the Tribe and will allow them to  deliver drinking water to their members.   The measure I am proposing today is also time sensitive. The White  Mountain settlement includes an enforceability date that means if this  water system project is not completely approved by May 2021, it becomes  void. In order to realistically meet this deadline, this bill must pass  as soon as possible so that the Tribe has time to complete the  necessary project studies.   This bill also corrects an issue with the National Labor Relations  Act. For nearly 70 years, Tribal governments were exempt from the act,  just like local and State governments and the Federal Government.  However, in 2004 the NLRB inappropriately ruled that Tribes were no  longer exempt. This measure would create parity for Tribal governments,  giving them the same employer rights afforded to other Federal, State,  and local governments.   Importantly, this element of the bill also applies to Tribal  employers on Tribal lands, meaning any tribally owned and operated  institution not on Tribal land would be treated as normal, private- sector employers. This bill also offers two important clarifications-- one of which is desperately needed to allow the White Mountain Apache  Tribe to move forward on a vital rural water system project.   I urge the bill's passage so that we can ensure that Tribes are best  able to serve their people and to improve their communities.   I yield the floor.   