 Mr. President, it is an honor for me to come to the  floor of the Senate and talk for a minute about my friend Thad Cochran.  I know everybody has probably said everything that needs to be said;  just everybody hasn't said it yet. Kind of in the vein of what Senator  Blunt said, everybody says the same thing about Senator Cochran: He is  gracious, smart, gentle, effective, and a great colleague.   I want to tell my colleagues about Thad Cochran. When I came to the  Senate 14 years ago, I had served in every legislative body I could be  elected to where I live. I served in the Georgia House, the Georgia  Senate, the U.S. House, the U.S. Senate--all representative legislative  bodies. In each one of them, I got some advice.   My first year in the Georgia House, 41 years ago, I got some very  good advice. A good friend of mine said: Johnny, I will tell you what  you do. The first year you are here, don't say a word. Just watch  everybody talk. Watch what everybody else does. Look at people you  would like to be like, and for the remainder of your career, be like  that person, because in the end, this business is about relationships  and effectiveness, not about bluster and bragging.   I did pick out a guy; his name was Carl Harrison. Carl Harrison has  since passed away, but he was one of the best friends I have ever had  in life. I watched him in the Georgia Legislature, and I patterned  myself after Carl Harrison, and the success I had was because I  followed a great leader like him.   When I got to the U.S. Senate, I knew I needed leadership. I knew I  needed to find a book or something to tell me how to be a good Senator.  I remembered Carl. I said: You know, I am going to sit in this body. I  have 6 years in this term. Surely I can take a few months for the first  year and kind of figure things out.   So I started watching. I could see the characteristics and the  quality of each and every individual in the Senate, and everybody  offers unique gifts that they have given to this body. I kept watching  Thad Cochran. He was respected. He always had time for you. He never  let you know he had been here a lot longer than you ever thought about  being here, maybe even longer than you had been born. He listened to  you, and if you asked him a question, he gave you an answer.   So I called my wife and I said: Sweetheart, when we come back to  Washington next week, I want to take Thad Cochran to dinner because I  have decided he is the guy I would like to be most like.   I am not making this up; this is exactly what happened.   So we went to Ocean Air. Thad, I don't know if you remember that  night. It was pretty crowded. Thad is not a loud guy, but when Thad  walks in a room, it gets a little bit quieter because everybody knows  wisdom has arrived. My wife and I enjoyed that dinner that night, and  we became great friends.   We had a number of issues on which we engaged each other over the  course of the years, and on all of them, I think we were on the same  side--except catfish. I think I got it wrong on catfish, and I  apologize for that, but I tried to redeem myself.   The highest compliment I can pay is to say that I wanted to be just  like Thad Cochran. So in the 13 years since that dinner at Ocean Air  and in everything I have done and tried to do in the Senate, I have  tried to be like Thad Cochran.   Mark Twain once wrote: When confronted with a difficult decision, do  what is right. You will surprise a few, but you will amaze the rest.   When we have tough decisions to make, when somebody has to cut to the  [[Page S1898]]  chase and point you in the right direction to get the job done, it is  Thad Cochran whom you want in your foxhole. He is the perfect example  for me of a noble life and a noble leader.   I have a favorite poem. It is in a book called ``Leaves of Gold''  from the Methodist Church. I think that poem applies to Thad Cochran  better than any words I can say. The poem goes like this:       I'd rather see a good person      Than hear about one any day.      I'd rather have a good person walk with me      Than merely show the way.      For my eyes are better pupils      And more willing than my ear.      And fine counsel is confusing      But example is always clear.      And the best of all the people      Are the ones that live their creeds.      For to see the good in action      Is what everybody needs.      While I'll be very glad to do it      If you'll let me see it done;      But I can watch your hands in action,      But your tongue too fast may run.      But the lectures you deliver      May be very wise and very true;      But I'd rather get my lecture      By observing what you do.      For I may misunderstand you      And the high advice you give;      But there's no misunderstanding      The way you act and the way you live.    Thad, you have blessed us all by the way you act, the way you live,  and by the example you set. May God bless you and your family. I wish  you the best. And may you always come back, because if you ever need  me, I will be right here for you because you have always been there for  me. God bless you.   I yield the floor.   