 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to set aside  the pending amendment in order to call up amendment No. 2304.    Madam President, this amendment very simply directs  the Postmaster General to issue a Forever Stamp to honor Gold Star  families who have lost a family member in combat. It is about as simple  and straightforward as an amendment to this immensely complex and  costly measure could be.   We are now in the second decade of wars in Iraq and Afghanistan at  humongous costs to our Nation: In treasure, some $5 trillion, and in  lives, close to 7,000 Americans have perished.   On this Flag Day, and at the beginning of the Father's Day weekend, I  ask that this body approve an amendment that very simply would issue  and direct the Postmaster to issue a Forever Stamp commemorating the  sacrifice and loss of our Gold Star families.   All of us in this body have attended funerals. We have seen firsthand  the losses suffered by brave Americans, their families, their loved  ones, their friends, their dads, and their moms. All of us ought to be  joining in paying tribute to those families by directing the Postmaster  General to issue a Forever Stamp, which will be valid for whatever time  it is used.   There is precedent for this kind of stamp. In fact, I was reminded of  it by a friend and constituent, Joe Kaliko of Greenwich, CT, who was  inspired by his childhood stamp collection to suggest a stamp for Gold  Star families, permanently recognizing and commemorating these national  heroes. The stamp was issued in 1947 for Gold Star mothers. It expired  about a year thereafter. Since then, this Nation has never issued such  a stamp again, but there is no better time than now to recognize this  service and sacrifice.   This amendment is a very simple way to pay tribute to Americans who  have lost loved ones in wars that we have permitted and authorized to  go forward. Indeed, this defense bill has more than $700 billion, and a  good part of it will be in support of continued American service and  sacrifice in Iraq and Afghanistan.   So my question to colleagues is: Who knows better about whether this  stamp ought to be issued, the Postmaster General or ourselves? Their  objection is that somehow there is bad precedent here in Congress  authorizing a Forever Stamp. We ought to be proud of that precedent  because this cause is different. Especially as we pass a measure that  will support continued war efforts in defense of our Nation, protecting  our national security, we ought to be especially mindful of the need to  remember and pay tribute to families who have sacrificed loved ones in  the service of our country.   I know that every one of my colleagues joins me in this feeling. I  hope that every one of my colleagues will join me in making that  feeling known to the Postmaster General. This amendment is one way of  doing it.   To all of us whose sons or daughters have served--as two of mine  have--during this period of war, we must be haunted by the idea that we  could be one of those Gold Star families. No doubt, some of my  colleagues have been touched directly and immediately--I would say  almost all of us--by friends, neighbors, or relatives who have suffered  these losses. Let us remember them in this special way, as the Nation  did after World War II. Let us remember the moms and the dads on  Father's Day, on Flag Day, and on every day.   I want to speak more generally about the National Defense  Authorization Act because it is a vital and profoundly significant step  toward sustaining our national defense and security.   In an era of unprecedented threats to our great Nation, the dangers  have never been greater. The need for this defense--particularly in  areas and domains where we are at a disadvantage, like cyber--is  critically important.   The United States is the strongest and greatest Nation in the history  of the world. Militarily, we have no peer. But other nations are  rapidly advancing in many of the spaces and domains where our advantage  was secure. In undersea warfare, in space and cyber and robotic combat,  we must invest.   We need to invest not only in the hardware but also in the people--in  the men and women who fight, who put their lives on the line, who wear  the uniform and, equally, in the men and women who make the arms and  equipment and weapons platforms they take into combat. They should  never have a fair fight. The defense industrial base requires skill and  training so they can make the submarines, helicopters, and Joint Strike  Fighters, which we do in Connecticut and in States around this country.   The men and women who make that stuff are equally important to our  national defense, and their skill training and jobs are vital to our  national security. I think we need to recognize that education and  training are vital parts of our defense, even though they may not be  included in this bill.  [[Page S3938]]    I was proud to author a provision which will ensure that survivors of  military sexual trauma, assault, and harassment are eligible for  ``liberal consideration'' during discharge upgrade petition.   Throughout my service in the Senate, I have worked to improve  discharge upgrade provisions to ensure that servicemember petitions are  treated fairly and expeditiously. This policy change was a crucial next  step in reforming that discharge petition upgrade process.   Another provision I have led will require a zero tolerance policy  toward domestic violence in the military, a long overdue provision  which will ensure that offenders in the armed services are held  accountable and referred to the FBI.   In defending our Nation against Russian cyber attacks, a provision in  this year's NDAA will authorize USCYBERCOM to detect, deter, and defend  against Russian information and weapons cyber warfare campaigns that  target American Government officials. We should be doing vastly more  against cyber attacks from Russia and other adversaries around the  world, rather than coddling or cozying up to them, as this  administration seems to want to do repeatedly. We should be recognizing  they are attacking us, literally, daily in the cyber domain.   This legislation will invest in that defense industrial base, which  is so vital in Connecticut and elsewhere. I am proud that Connecticut  plays such a vital role in our defense industry. Five percent of our  country's defense contract spending is done in Connecticut, and every  dollar is critical to our national security, involving the production  of submarines, electric boats, and F-35 engines at Pratt & Whitney, and  helicopters at Sikorsky, notably the heavy lift CH-53. Submarines,  fighters, and helicopters are proudly produced in this arsenal of  democracy.   Groton, CT, is the submarine capital of the world. This bill will  support submarines and this important naval installation. The NDAA  includes nearly $3.8 billion for the Columbia-class program and $4.4  billion for two Virginia-class submarines. I fought to include an  additional $250 million in funding above the President's request for  over $3 billion in advance procurement of attack submarines to achieve  the Navy's goals of 66 attack submarines for the 355-ship Navy the  Nation needs. These submarines are not a luxury or convenience. They  are the stealthiest, most versatile, strongest weapons platform we  have, capable of delivering surveillance and special operators and  cruise missiles and other vital means of war.   I have also championed more than $10.4 billion in funding for 75 F-35  Joint Strike Fighters across the Air Force, Navy, and Marine Corps  Services for the only fifth-generation fighter in production. I am so  glad the administration is now supporting the F-35, after the President  expressed doubts at the beginning of this administration. The bill also  includes $1 billion for F-35 modernization and spares.   The 2019 NDAA includes very robust funding for helicopter production.  Sikorsky helicopters, made in Stratford, CT, have served our Nation for  decades. It will support collaboration involving the University of  Connecticut and the Navy, $25 million above the President's request in  research and development funding for warship partnerships.   As we consider these floor amendments, I want to emphasize one  amendment that I have filed concerning the current immigration crisis;  specifically, the predicament of unaccompanied minors.   In May, Attorney General Jeff Sessions declared that the Justice  Department would prosecute every person who illegally enters the  country and separate children from their parents. Previously, families  apprehended at the border were released as they waited for civil  deportation hearings, but this new, cruel policy will tear apart  countless families. It has already separated literally thousands of  children of immigrant families from their moms and, yes, on this  Father's Day, from their dads.   These heartless family-separation policies are made even more  inhumane with the announcement that the Trump administration plans to  house these immigrant children, who have been separated from their  parents, on military bases. The only reason the Trump administration is  even considering detaining children on military installations is  because the number they are tearing away from their moms and dads  exceeds the facilities they have available right now. The Department of  Health and Human Services has already visited four military  installations--both in Texas and Arkansas--to assess whether they can  be used to shelter children.   Just this week, we also heard that the Trump administration is  looking to construct ``tent cities''--yes, ``tent cities''--along the  southern border to house unaccompanied migrant children.   This practice ought to make us ashamed and embarrassed as Americans.  It is appalling. I am ashamed that the United States is not only  actively destroying families and indefinitely detaining children but  also using military bases to do this. Turning military installations  into detention camps is a disservice to our brave military men and  women. Using our military installations to in effect imprison children  separated from their parents mocks their purpose and disrespects our  brave men and women in uniform who rightly use them in the defense of  our Nation.   My amendment in the NDAA would explicitly prohibit the Department of  Defense from using any funding authorized in this defense spending  package to revise or rebuild or renovate military bases to house these  undocumented, unaccompanied minors.   I urge my colleagues to speak out about this disgusting and dangerous  policy--not only the separation of children from their moms and dads  but also the use of our cherished military bases for that purpose.   I am also proud to have worked with my colleagues on both sides of  the aisle to stand up to the threat posed by two Chinese  telecommunications companies--Huawei and ZTE. This bipartisan  opposition to their continued business is a testament to our ability to  work across the aisle in defense of our Nation.   Our military and intelligence leaders have repeatedly warned that ZTE  and Huawei threaten the security of our networks due to their close  ties to the Chinese Government. They have also violated our sanctions,  broken our law, and provided equipment and services to rogue regimes,  such as Iran and North Korea.   President Trump and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross may be willing to  overlook ZTE's track record, but Congress will not do so. Our  amendment, which has been included in the managers' package, will  prohibit ZTE and Huawei technologies and equipment from entering the  networks of the U.S. Government and its contractors for the safety and  security of all of us.   It is not just an intellectual point; it is a practical security  measure. These two companies are instruments of Chinese influence, and  they are peddling that influence throughout the world. We will ensure  through this provision that these two telecommunications companies  beholden to the Chinese Government are not a part of our communications  system in this great Nation.   I am proud to support this NDAA.   Madam President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my  defense fellow, a U.S. Marine Corps officer, Alexander Monte, be  granted floor privileges for the length of the current debate on the  National Defense Authorization Act.   