 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here to oppose the nomination of  Kyle Duncan to be a judge on the U.S. Circuit Court for the Fifth  Circuit. The court of appeals for that circuit and every other in our  country is supremely important not only to people who live in its  direct jurisdiction but for all people of our country. Courts of  appeals make decisions that are binding on district courts in that  jurisdiction and also have an impact on other judges and courts  throughout the country at every level.   From day one, the Trump administration has made attacking basic civil  liberties a guiding principle of the policies it supports, including  its judicial nominees. It is inexcusably seeking to turn back the clock  on the progress we have made. We fought back hard against these arcane  and irrational policies, but President Trump's attempt to stack our  courts with extremist judges may, in the end, have the most long- lasting and devastating impact on our Nation. That is why I am here  today, with many of my colleagues, to sound the alarm on Kyle Duncan.  He has been nominated to this court, but he has made a career of  seeking to turn back policies that protect the most vulnerable members  of our country.   He is out of mainstream. In fact, he is out of the stream entirely.  His views are extreme, fringed, and, collectively, they make him unfit  to be a judge on this court that I greatly respect. Out of respect to  members of the court, we should confirm someone only if they meet high  standards.   Kyle Duncan has attacked the voting rights of minority groups--in one  case, even defending a law that a Federal circuit court said targeted  African-American voters with ``almost surgical precision.'' He has  attacked the rights of same-sex couples, leading several efforts  against marriage equality. He has attacked the rights of the  transgender community to be safe in their schools and communities. He  has attacked protections for Dreamers, making it harder for them to  obtain documentation, such as simple driver's licenses.   Over and over, he has attacked women's rights and women's health in a  way that I think disqualifies him for this court. Like so many other  nominees before him, Kyle Duncan is an anti-choice zealot who has shown  time and again that he is more worried about pushing his personal  ideology than faithfully upholding the Constitution. His views on  women's rights and women's healthcare are more than morally repugnant;  they are downright dangerous.   In fact, Kyle Duncan has led the charge in defending unconstitutional  and unnecessary laws that target abortion providers, attempting to  legislate  [[Page S2371]]  them out of existence with little regard for the women who will be  harmed as a result. These laws, which have spread around the country at  an alarming rate, serve no medical purpose. They put barriers between  women and the care they need and deserve. Twice--twice--Mr. Duncan has  falsely argued that these restrictions targeting abortion providers in  Louisiana and Texas were ``medically reasonable'' and based on ``solid  medical ground.'' These laws were rightly struck down both times.  Indeed, these laws are the opposite of medically reasonable. In no way  are they based on medical ground. With this nominee's enthusiastic  support, these unconstitutional State-level restrictions have  proliferated, shutting down women's healthcare providers, delaying much  needed care, and putting women's health at risk.   Kyle Duncan's peddling of misinformation as a lawyer fighting for  these unnecessary and unconstitutional abortion laws is frightening  enough. Imagine what he could do on the bench.   He has fought to undo historic healthcare victories provided by the  Affordable Care Act's birth control mandate. As we know in this  Chamber--and I think we need to acknowledge--this mandate has made a  difference in the lives of an astonishing 64.2 million women who were  able to access birth control with no out-of-pocket costs in the last  year alone. This has given women greater power over their health, their  well-being, their futures, their reproductive decisions, and their  finances.   Yet Mr. Duncan has attacked the birth control mandate repeatedly. He  sought to leave a woman's right to access affordable healthcare to the  whims of her employer. Worse, he has absurdly denied that contraception  is healthcare at all and has said the idea of contraception as a right  is ``disturbing.'' It is a constitutional right. To him, it is  disturbing. What kind of a judge will he be?   Despite what Kyle Duncan believes, birth control is healthcare. A  woman's access to it is a right, and his false, ideologically driven  assaults are wrong.   I will oppose Kyle Duncan's nomination to the Fifth Circuit Court of  Appeals, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   