 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Mitchell for yielding.  [[Page H5325]]    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5925, the Coordinated Response  through Interagency Strategy and Information Sharing Act, or the CRISIS  Act.   This bill reauthorizes the Office of National Drug Control Policy,  which has not been reauthorized in a very long time. It makes needed  overhauls and updates to the office and even streamlines the name of  the office to the Office of National Drug Control, or ONDC.   Mr. Speaker, I commend Chairman Gowdy and Ranking Member Cummings for  working in a bipartisan manner. I also thank Representative Mitchell  and Representative Raskin for working with me to incorporate the first  two recommendations of the President's opioid commission into the  CRISIS Act.   I introduced a separate bill, the Coordinated Overdose and Drug  Epidemic Response to the Emergency Declaration Act, or CODE RED Act,  that authorizes ONDC to address those commission recommendations.   ONDC will now be authorized to implement a coordinated tracking  system of all federally-funded initiatives and grants. This will help  identify barriers and gaps in Federal efforts responding to the opioid  crisis and it identifies places where efforts are being duplicated and  potentially wasted. This legislation improves the grant application  process by standardizing and streamlining it.    The mission here is to deploy Federal resources to localities that  need them quickly and efficiently instead of localities wasting  valuable time and resources filling out various agency applications.   More broadly, the CRISIS Act will foster better government  coordination and strategic planning. ONDC has cross-agency jurisdiction  to coordinate the efforts among different agencies, like HHS and DOJ.  When agencies work together, the force-multiplying effect can make a  huge difference.   We are making progress on the opioid crisis. Bipartisan bills like  the CRISIS Act will help win this fight and help the people engage in  the fight, like the North Hills of Pittsburgh's Tracy Lawless.   Tracy participated in the President's Commission on Combating Drug  Addiction and continues to help find solutions back in Pennsylvania.   Mr. Speaker, I thank her and everyone else who is making a  difference.   