 Mr. President, first, this is an opportunity for me to  commend and thank the Senator from Oklahoma for extraordinary  leadership on the committee. Obviously, we were all inspired by  Chairman McCain and his incredible leadership over the last many,  [[Page S3006]]  many years, but the Senator from Oklahoma has stood up there and really  set a tone--and I think the Presiding Officer understands because he  was there--of very purposeful, very deliberate, very collegial activity  to bring everyone involved into the process. We were operating  basically under the rules of appropriateness for the committee and a  close connection to the Department of Defense because, as Chairman  Inhofe said, this is ultimately about the men and women wearing the  uniform of the United States.   Always, every year--we will pass this bill; I am confident of that  because of the chairman's leadership and because of colleagues like the  Presiding Officer. But each and every year, people see this as the only  train leaving town, and we have to be able to keep in balance that this  is about the Department of Defense and related agencies, like the  National Nuclear Security Administration, for example, and the DOE and  other agencies. We would like to be able to open up the floor to  amendments that are closely connected and have a clear nexus to the  Department of Defense, and the men and women in the Department of  Defense, and then have votes. That is the ideal, and we hope we can do  that.   We might have to spend some time procedurally getting to the bill. We  will get to the bill, and under the leadership of Chairman Inhofe, we  will get the bill done. We hope to be able to accommodate our  colleagues as much as possible with amendments, and I hope these  amendments will be directed once again to the activities, priorities,  and critical needs of the men and women of the Armed Forces and related  agencies. If we do that, I think we will have a very successful and  very productive floor debate, as we did in the committee.   Again, let me thank the Senator from Oklahoma. We both stand ready to  work and get this bill done for the men and women wearing the uniform  of the United States.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, let me again thank Chairman Inhofe. I, too,  will comment that the collaboration and cooperation was superb in the  committee. A great deal of that was the result of his work, and, as I  mentioned before, the inspiration of Chairman McCain.   Mr. President, I join the Senator from Oklahoma to rise and discuss  the fiscal year 2019 national defense authorization bill, which passed  out of the Armed Services Committee on May 23 with a very strong  bipartisan vote.   First, I would like to recognize Chairman McCain, after whom this  bill was named. Senator McCain has guided this committee through  several NDAAs with a steady hand and unyielding leadership. His  commitment to a bipartisan process has been an example of the way  Congress should function, and I am pleased to say this bill, again,  follows in that tradition.   I also want to thank Senator Inhofe, who has ably and graciously led  the committee this year through many hearings and an extremely  efficient markup, which produced the bipartisan bill we are beginning  to consider. We would like to have begun considering it and taking  amendments today, but we will consider it, we will pass it, and we will  continue the outstanding record of annually passing a national defense  act for the men and women in the Armed Forces.   The committee has thoughtfully considered the President's budget  request, held hearings on national security challenges, and received  briefings on emerging threats. The result of this hard work is a bill,  I believe, that will improve the readiness and capability of our Armed  Forces, push back on our adversaries that threaten the democratic  system and the global order, and improve the quality of life for our  servicemembers and their families.   This bill reflects the strategic shift toward prioritizing the  strategic competition with Russia and China. It supports the  President's budget request for resources to deter, and, if necessary,  defend against aggression from near-peer competitors. This includes  $6.3 billion for the European Deterrence Initiative as a continuing  demonstration of our commitment to the security of our European allies  and the deterrence of Russian expansionism. It also requires a 5-year  plan from the Department for the Asia-Pacific Stability Initiative on  the necessary resources and activities to counter China's destabilizing  behavior in the region.   The bill also includes a provision calling on the administration to  urgently complete a comprehensive strategy to counter Russian malign  influence below the level of direct military conflict. Russia attacked  the heart of our democracy in 2016, and our intelligence experts warn  of even more sophisticated Russian attacks targeting this year's  midterm elections. Yet the administration has failed to bring together  our military and nonmilitary tools of national power to counter this  Russian aggression, despite a requirement in last year's NDAA to submit  to Congress a whole-of-government strategy to counter Russian malign  influence.   This bill expresses the sense of the Senate that the administration  should complete a counter-Russian influence strategy without delay.   Over the course of the past year, the committee has held numerous  hearings in which witnesses have told us, in no uncertain terms, that  the President has not tasked the Department of Defense to prepare to  respond to a repeat of Russia's influence campaign. Their ongoing  campaign of misinformation has largely been conducted through cyber  space--a domain that the Department of Defense has specially trained  cyber forces designed to disrupt significant cyber attacks.   It is my belief that the ongoing attacks on our democratic process  constitute such a significant attack. Therefore, it is noteworthy that  the bill includes a provision that would directly and clearly authorize  the Secretary of Defense to employ our cyber mission forces to defend  against Russian attacks on our democracy.   With respect to countering the continued threat by ISIS, the bill  extends the Iraq and Syria Train and Equip Programs at the requested  funding level, while requiring appropriate information with respect to  the partner forces to be trained and the expected level of engagement  with U.S. forces. This is a prudent approach that recognizes the  continued threat from ISIS while ensuring appropriate oversight of  these authorities in a dynamic environment.   I am pleased the bill also includes provisions designed to  incorporate lessons learned from the campaign against ISIS that can be  used to more effectively account for and respond to allegations of  civilian casualties going forward.   As the tip of the spear of our efforts to counter violent extremist  groups like ISIS across the globe, our Special Operations forces  require the best equipment and training possible. The bill authorizes  full funding for the Special Operations Command and includes important  provisions to enhance the ability of the Assistant Secretary of Defense  for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict to act as the service  Secretary-like civilian responsible for the oversight and advocacy for  all our Special Operations forces.   For the Navy and Marine Corps, I believe the bill represents a  continuation of the efforts that are so important for improving our  Armed Forces. The proposals would begin significant efforts to improve  the readiness of Navy and Marine Corps aircraft, ships, tanks, and  other weapons systems.   I am pleased the bill, for the second year, authorizes funds to help  reduce the risk for ramping up submarine construction as we start the  Columbia-class program to replace the Ohio-class strategic missile  submarines.   While I support many of the provisions of the bill regarding the Navy  and Marine Corps, I do have some concerns that the bill makes sizable  reductions in the Marine Corps request for the upgraded amphibious  assault vehicle that will remain the backbone of the Marine Corps'  amphibious assault capability for years to come. I believe this is  shortsighted, and I plan to continue to work with my colleagues on this  issue throughout the process.    For the Air Force, this bill authorizes the A-10 wing replacement  program to ensure the readiness of our A-10 fleet. Additionally, the  bill authorizes $350 million for the Air Force to procure light attack  aircraft and $2.3 billion for 14 KC-46 tankers. It also provides  multiyear procurement authority for the C-130J program.   The bill also has provisions to begin to address the growing  challenge of operating and supporting the F-35 fleet for all services.  I believe this challenge will be with us for a long time, and we have  to take additional actions in the future. We have begun this process.   Finally, JSTARS is the command-and-control aircraft for ground  forces. Presently, the Air Force plans to retire JSTARS with the hope-- not the plan, but the hope--of replacing it in the future with a new  concept. I believe the bill takes a very responsible position by  preventing the Air Force from retiring the current fleet of JSTARS  aircraft, and it provides additional resources to help the Air Force  accelerate developing and fielding new capabilities to replace the  current ground moving target indicator capability provided by JSTARS.  In short, we shouldn't take JSTARS away until we have something very  credible and capable to replace it.   As the Department of Defense prioritizes long-term strategic  competition with China and Russia, the Army will be required to balance  the high-end, near-peer fight while seeking more efficient approaches  to counterterrorism activities. This will be a significant shift for  the Army, given that  [[Page S3009]]  for nearly the past 17 years, they have focused on combat operations in  Iraq, Afghanistan, and, most recently, in Syria.   In addition, the Army has had a spotty track record in recent decades  with major acquisition programs. Coupled with the effects of the Budget  Control Act and sequestration, the Army has had to defer modernizing  platforms aimed at conflict with a peer adversary.   Recognizing the need to overhaul Army acquisition processes, the Army  has created a number of cross-functional teams tasked with breaking  down acquisition stovepipes so that new technologies and modernized  platforms could be delivered to the force in a more effective manner. I  commend the senior leadership of the Army for making acquisition reform  a priority, and I believe the bill that we are considering today  supports investments for critical weapons systems and research and  development activities.   For example, the bill authorizes full funding for the Army's request  for Abrams battle tanks, as well as Army helicopters to include AH-64  Apache helicopters and UH-60M Black Hawks. The bill also makes targeted  investments to improve the range and lethality of Army artillery  systems, and it supports the fielding of active protection systems on  our combat vehicles in order to better protect our soldiers.   Again, there is much in this area that I support, but I am concerned  that some programs were not fully funded, most notably the Joint Light  Tactical Vehicle program. While the Senate must always closely review  the President's annual budget request, we must also be mindful of the  impact to the force. Ensuring that our soldiers have the equipment and  resources they need on the battlefield is our highest priority.   In the area of space, this committee has taken in-depth briefings on  the threats we face to the use of our space systems. While many of the  details are classified, I am satisfied with the investments we are now  making in this area, given that space is increasingly becoming a  contested domain upon which our ground, sea, and air forces rely upon  worldwide. I would only comment to my colleagues that in the last  year's National Defense Authorization Act, we made substantial changes  to the Department's space governance--the way they operate and the  policy development within the Department of Defense--and we should give  the Department the time it needs to implement these new proposals  before we consider additional tasks for the Department.   In the area of acquisition and technology, I am pleased to see that  the bill continues efforts at acquisition streamlining and reform and  tries to strengthen DOD's STEM and acquisition workforces. We continue  to take steps to improve the Pentagon's ability to deploy information  technology systems and embrace modern commercial software production  practices. We also included a number of provisions that will strengthen  the U.S. defense manufacturing industrial base, which is so critical to  our ability to deal with threats around the world.   The committee's bill authorizes significant increases in funding for  science and technology programs, above the President's requested  levels, including supporting critical research areas, like quantum  computing, artificial intelligence, hypersonics, and directed energy.  We are in a full-scale technological race with China, with implications  to both our national security and economic success, and many provisions  in this bill are aimed to help us win that race.   This bill includes efforts to drive the Pentagon to engage more with  our world-leading universities and small businesses to leverage their  innovation and create the technologies that will shape the future  battlefield and drive the economy. Among other things, the bill  establishes a DOD venture capital program to invest in high-tech  startups, as well as permanently reauthorizing the successful Small  Business Innovation Research Program.   In the area of personnel, the bill includes a number of provisions  designed to modernize the military officer personnel management system  by giving the services greater flexibility to commission and promote  individuals with the training and experience in specialized areas  needed by the services.   The bill also addresses domestic violence and child abuse by  establishing a new punitive article in the Uniform Code of Military  Justice, prohibiting domestic violence and requiring programs to  address child abuse and domestic violence on military installations.   The bill addresses the issue of opioid abuse by military personnel  and their families by requiring a pilot program to minimize early  opioid exposure and creating a new program for sharing information  about opioid prescriptions with state prescription-drug monitoring  programs.   The bill also supports a high quality of life for servicemembers and  their families. It authorizes the full 2.6 percent basic pay increase  for all servicemembers, as well as $40 million in Department of Defense  supplemental impact aid and an additional $10 million in impact aid for  military children with severe disabilities.   Additionally, the bill would apply the protections of title IX of the  Education Amendments of 1972 to all DODEA schools, closing a loophole  in coverage of these protections, and it would require a new  comprehensive sexual harassment policy for students in DODEA schools  that provides protections at least equal to those afford by title IX.    I remain concerned, however, that the military services do not  receive the full end-strength increases in this bill that they have  requested. I understand the desire for quality over quantity and agree  that quality is paramount, but I believe the services can achieve the  increases they requested without sacrificing service standards.   I look forward to hearing from the services as we move forward in the  legislative cycle about these provisions and whether they continue to  believe that they can achieve the requested increases without  sacrificing quality.   In the area of strategic systems, this bill continues to support the  modernization of all three legs of the triad: the B-21 bomber, the  ground-based strategic deterrent, and the Columbia-class submarine.  These are all major acquisition programs that will take decades to  field. Bipartisan support is essential for their success as we move  forward, and this bill continues that bipartisan support.   The B-21 will replace the B-52 bomber, which was fielded in 1962 and  will be required to operate well into the 2040s. The ground-based  strategic deterrent will replace the current Minuteman III, which was  fielded in the 1970s and uses electronics that, in many cases, predate  the earliest personal computers. Finally, the Columbia-class submarine  fleet will replace the current fleet of 14 Ohio-class submarines,  starting in 2027, due to the potential for full fatigue. By then, the  first Ohio-class submarine will be 46 years old--the oldest submarine  to have ever sailed in our Navy in its history.   Perhaps the biggest policy issue to be debated in the coming days is  the development and deployment of low-yield nuclear weapons. This bill  authorizes the Defense Department's request for funding for a new low- yield submarine-launched ballistic missile. The request for this weapon  is in response to a revanchist Russia with a military doctrine of  ``escalate to de-escalate,'' which means that if Russia were losing a  conventional war or had attained their objectives and wanted to prevent  counterattacks that would displace them, they would launch a low-yield  weapon and force us to choose between suspension of our military  efforts or deployment of high-yield nuclear weapons, heightening the  possibility of escalation and all-out nuclear war.   This low-yield system raises questions of policy that I believe  require more time to fully analyze and understand. I have spent  countless hours on this issue, and I am not alone. My colleagues in the  committee and many Members of the Senate have spent hours thinking  about the potential issues that could be caused by these proposals. I  am concerned that we have not fully grasped all of the complex  implications inherent to the deployment of such a system. Indeed, there  is an honest disagreement among experts in the field on this issue.   While General Hyten, the commander of Strategic Command and one of  our most prominent, effective, and distinguished officers, makes the  case for  [[Page S3010]]  this system, others, like former Secretary Ernie Moniz, who is also an  expert in the field, says the system is not necessary.   No matter where you fall on the issue, to develop this weapon is a  major change in U.S. policy, and I believe Congress needs to have a say  each step of the way.   Under a law passed on a bipartisan basis in 2003, which I crafted  with Senator John Warner, the administration could do research on a  low-yield weapon but could not develop, produce, or deploy it without  congressional authorization. This bill removes that restriction going  forward and virtually all congressional input on these weapons and  other potential weapons.   Given the policy ramifications of development and submarine  deployment of low-yield nuclear weapons--and, indeed, of any type of  nuclear weapon--I believe that Congress should be involved every step  of the way. So we will be offering an amendment to ensure congressional  oversight of this issue and to continue the process which we are using  today, where Congress will actually debate and vote and consider the  development and deployment of a new nuclear weapon.   Finally, this bill authorizes $639.2 billion in base funding for the  Department of Defense and the Department of Energy, and $68.5 billion  in funding for overseas contingencies operations. I am glad that the  bill remains within the caps set by the Bipartisan Budget Act, which we  passed in February. This will enable the Department to continue to  restore readiness and modernize our forces. However, I will remind my  colleagues that the budget deal only covers fiscal year 2018 and fiscal  year 2019. Sequestration and the original caps will be back next year  unless we again reach an agreement for both defense and nondefense  accounts.   I think all of us have acknowledged that our national security is  broader than simply the accounts in the Department of Defense. Customs  and Border Patrol, the Transportation Security Administration, the  Coast Guard, the State Department, and many other agencies also  contribute to our national security. The investments we propose in this  bill before us will be short-lived if we cannot provide sufficient  resources and stability in years to come for all of these critical  funds in our government.   Let me conclude by, once again, thanking Senator Inhofe and my  colleagues on the committee for working thoughtfully and on a  bipartisan basis to develop this important piece of legislation. I also  thank the staff who worked tirelessly on this bill throughout this year  and will continue to work tirelessly throughout many days ahead.   I look forward to a thoughtful debate on the issues that face our  Department of Defense and our national security.   Finally, I can think of no more appropriate title for this bill than  the John McCain National Defense Authorization Act, to symbolize the  leadership, the inspiration, and the direction that he is still  providing us and will provide us as we move forward.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Marta Aparicio,  a fellow in my office, be granted privileges of the floor until August  3, 2018.   