 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  3030, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2017,  sponsored by my friend Ann Wagner. This bill will greatly strengthen  our efforts to anticipate, prevent, and mitigate genocide, crimes  against humanity, and war crimes.   Wherever there are atrocities being committed, or at risk of being  committed, our foreign service officers are also often serving on the  front lines. What H.R. 3030 would ensure is that they have the right  training to recognize and respond to early warning signs of such  crimes.   This legislation will also strengthen Congressional oversight by  requiring the President to annually report on what is happening on the  ground, how the United States has responded, and recommendations for  strengthening the U.S. response.   I commend my colleague for naming this bill after the late, iconic  Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel. He spoke so powerfully about the  unique, persistent evil of anti-Semitism that generated the Holocaust,  warning that ``the  [[Page H6319]]  antisemite is by definition ideologically fanatic and pathologically  racist . . . an antisemite is someone who has never met me, never heard  of me, yet he hates me.''   Mr. Wiesel and I worked together at the historic 2004 Berlin  conference of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe  (OSCE). There, 55 participating governments committed to taking  specific actions to combat anti-Semitism. In 2002, I led the original  Congressional push to place combating anti-Semitism at the top of the  OSCE agenda, and I was proud to lead this movement once again in 2004,  together with parliamentarians from Germany, the UK, and France--and  Mr. Wiesel.   In his 2004 Berlin keynote address, Mr. Wiesel said, ``We know . . .  that anti-Semitism is dangerous not only to Jews but to countries too,  where it is allowed to flourish . . . When a Jew is slapped in the  face, humankind itself falls to ground . . . Antisemitism is rooted in  hatred; its language is a language of hatred, its doctrine is filled  with hatred--and hatred by its nature, always runs overboard, crossing  geographical boundaries and ethnic affiliations. It is a contagious  disease.''   Mr. Speaker, Mr. Wiesel dedicated his life to exposing the  insidiousness of anti-Semitism and working to prevent other genocides,  including those in Bosnia, Rwanda, and Sudan. Named for him, the Elie  Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act offers new ways for us to  strengthen our fight against genocide, and I am proud to cosponsor this  bill.   