 Mr. President, I am pleased to see President Trump's  clarification today. The Russians did meddle in our election. That is  the consensus not just of the intelligence community, but it is the  consensus here among our own Intelligence Committees of the House and  Senate, led by Republicans.   I will say that Congress has pushed pretty hard against some of the  Russian activity, not just the meddling but the illegal annexation of  Crimea and Russia's continued support of the Assad regime in Syria,  which has caused so much pain and agony. We have passed historic  sanctions around here on Russia. Should we have additional sanctions? I  am certainly open to that, but it is not as if Congress has not acted.   We have also provided, for the first time ever, lethal weapons to the  Ukrainians to be able to push back on the eastern border of Ukraine. I  pleaded with the Obama administration to provide such weapons, and they  never did, and this administration has done so despite protestations  from Russia.   We just funded $350 million or so to protect our electoral security  here in this country and to help our State boards of election to be  able to push back against what I am concerned about, which would be  interference in yet another election cycle in this country. I am glad  that was a bipartisan effort to do so. We have also built up our  military, including putting more resources into Central and Eastern  Europe and more exercises there to push back, including up-armoring our  armored vehicles there because of the threat we now believe is coming  from Russia, not just on the eastern border of Ukraine but throughout  eastern Central Europe.    This administration has actually expelled more Russian diplomats, I  think, than any administration at once, at least. In reaction to the  poisoning in the UK, we expelled more diplomats than any other country.  We also shut down a Russian consulate, I believe, in the State of the  colleague who just spoke, and these are all things that have happened.   The irony is, the actions speak pretty loudly, don't they? It is  unfortunate that our words have not spoken as loudly recently.   Again, I appreciate the President's clarification today. I think we  need to be honest. We need to be straightforward, and that would result  in a better relationship with Russia.   