 Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 1625,  the ``Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018,'' which begins to rebuild  our military. I do not agree with everything in the bill, but the  importance of repairing our planes, ships, and training overrides other  concerns.   For too long, Washington has asked our troops to do more with less,  sending them into harm's way without the training and equipment they  need to defend themselves and the country. We have added mission after  mission while we cut their funding again and again. Those decisions  have brought consequences; experts say our troops are `outranged,  outgunned, and outdated,' `treading water,' and that we are `stretching  the force to the limit.' Secretary Mattis is warning that `our  competitive edge has eroded in every domain of warfare.' We suffered  four times as many deaths to accidents and training missions last year  than we did to hostile fire. President Trump is right to insist on  rebuilding our military, and this bill begins to do just that.   A healthy economy and a robust military are mutually dependent. A  vibrant and innovative economy funds our national defense and ensures  that our technology stays ahead of our adversaries. A strong military  protects the rules-based international order that has been the  foundation of our economic growth since WWII. Unfortunately for too  many years now, funding essential to a robust defense and a healthy  economy has remained at an impasse based on political gamesmanship in  which members of both parties share blame. Our troops have become  collateral damage in this dangerous game of politics, consistently  being held hostage to the political issue of the moment. That is a  shameful practice that has to end.   Congress' work does not end when we write a check. In the months  ahead, we will ensure that the military uses these funds to begin to  rebuild quickly and efficiently. We will pursue reforms to the  Department of Defense that preserve and enhance our fighting edge. We  will continue to take a hard look at Pentagon bureaucracy as we  prioritize rebuilding strength on the front line and cutting fat in the  back office.   Beyond the benefits this bill affords to our military, I also want to  thank Chairman Calvert and Chairman Frelinghuysen for their work to  help address another issue that has affected my constituents and has  been lingering for nearly a century.   The federal government owns a small strip of land along a 116-mile  stretch of the Red River between Oklahoma and Texas. The Bureau of Land  Management (BLM) has never actively managed the small strip of federal  land, and its own estimates of how much they own have varied widely  over the years. As a result, private landowners along the River have  been unsure whether the land that they have held titles to and have  paid taxes on, in some cases for generations, will remain in their  families or be claimed by the federal government.   Earlier this year, the BLM reached a settlement agreement with  several landowners along the Red River that rescinds the incorrect spot  surveys the BLM had conducted over the last decade. It also reaffirms  that the gradient boundary survey method as mandated by the Supreme  Court is the only true, legally defensible way to determine the  ownership boundary in this contested area.   However, the settlement did not require that a gradient boundary  survey be conducted, which leaves a level of uncertainty that can cloud  the titles and threaten the value of privately owned land along the  river. It also leaves open the possibility that a future administration  may again misinterpret the Supreme Court's mandated survey methodology.  An accurate gradient boundary survey along the entire 116-mile stretch  of the Red River is the best, legally defensible way to move this issue  forward to help settle it once and for all--something this bill helps  to achieve.   With the passage of H.R. 428, the ``Red River Gradient Boundary  Survey Act,'' earlier this Congress, this body has affirmed its will  for the BLM to work with the states of Oklahoma and Texas and consult  the affected Indian tribes to help choose and direct surveyors that are  licensed and qualified to conduct official gradient boundary surveys.  With the gradient boundary survey method being unique to this area,  having the states conduct the survey is an idea that first came from  the BLM itself. Doing so will help ensure that all parties involved  will receive a fair and accurate survey.   I look forward to continuing working with Senator Cornyn and the BLM  to ensure that this century-old issue can finally be put to rest.  Private property rights are a foundational cornerstone of our economy  and of our way of life, and it is important that we push to protect  them in every way that we can.   