 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment would prohibit funds from  enforcing the Obama administration EPA methane rule. This rule is  currently facing litigation uncertainty, and Congress must act to block  this job-killing regulation estimated to cost our economy $530 million  annually.   While oil and gas production has increased more than 25 percent since  2005, related methane emissions have actually decreased almost 40  percent during the same time period.   It is counterproductive for the Federal Government to enact harmful  regulations that cause inefficiencies, recklessly spend taxpayer  dollars, and force hardship upon job-creating industries.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Perry).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Calvert).    Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to close.   Well, simply put, I urge our colleagues on both sides to come  together and kill this job-killing regulation and support this  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit funds from  implementing the Obama administration's social cost of carbon rule.  Congress and the American people have repeatedly rejected cap and trade  proposals.   The Obama administration continuously used social cost of carbon  models, which could be easily manipulated in order to attempt to  justify new job-killing regulations.   The House has a clear, strong record of opposition to the social cost  of carbon, voting at least 11 times to block, defund, or oppose the  proposal, including H. Con. Res. 119, which we will be considering  later this week.   A carbon tax would be passed along to consumers, undermining the  success of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act we passed last year.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Montana (Mr. Gianforte).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Perry).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Gohmert).    Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   