 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4754,  the Change Order Transparency for Federal Contractors Act. This is an  important piece of legislation that guarantees that small businesses  have the necessary information regarding change order policies from  Federal agencies.   The work of the Federal Government relies heavily on the support of  our Nation's small businesses. For everything from construction of  important military infrastructure to guaranteeing the proper design for  Federal facilities, small businesses are at the center of  infrastructure for the Federal workplace.   When taking on Federal contracts, small businesses are also taking a  great risk. With Federal funds not always guaranteed in a timely  fashion, change orders make the work that small businesses perform for  the Federal Government complicated and unpredictable.   H.R. 4754 requires agencies to outline in a clear and defined manner  the policies they have regarding change orders. This will make it  easier for small businesses to compete for and understand the contracts  which they are awarded.   It is vital for small-business owners to not only get a seat at the  table, but to also have the same vantage point when competing for  Federal contracts. This legislation will alleviate red tape and open  more doors for opportunity.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to work with my colleague  Don Bacon on this  bipartisan piece of legislation, and I encourage my colleagues to  support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1680,  the Women's Business Centers Improvements Act. This is a critically  important piece of legislation that supports our Nation's women-owned  small businesses.   Women's Business Centers support women-owned businesses through  counseling and technical assistance. This  [[Page H3806]]  network of educational centers is the nexus for women who are either  looking to start a business or looking to grow their business to the  next level.   This bill clarifies the work of the Office of Women's Business  Ownership within the SBA to help women entrepreneurs compete in a  global market.   Specifically, there are more than 11.6 million small businesses owned  by women, who employ nearly 9 million people. Further, there are  roughly 5.4 million businesses owned by women of color, employing over  2.1 million people.   I am proud to work with my colleague, Mr. Stephen Knight, on a  bipartisan bill to increase the level of support for women  businessowners so that we can guarantee that women entrepreneurs have  the on-the-ground resources for them to strive.   I might point out that in the committee we learned that women-owned  businesses are the fastest growing businesses in America.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this nonpartisan  bill, H.R. 1680.   