 Madam President, I thank Chairman Grassley for his  leadership on this issue and for offering the SECURE Act, which I and  some of the other Senators have supported.   I wish to continue this debate where Senator Tillis left off. We have  heard a lot today about the so-called DACA Program, Deferred Action for  Childhood Arrivals, and the negotiations in which we are currently  engaged. Hopefully, those negotiations will reach a solution that will  satisfy all the parties and give certain legal protections to the DACA  population.   We have heard a lot today about border security and the wall. I want  to focus on one other element of a needed, negotiated solution, and  that is chain migration--putting an end, once and for all, to chain  migration. When you give legal status to an illegal immigrant, that is  a permanent change in law; it will never be reversed. Therefore, you  can't simply accept some window dressing at the border--1 year of  funding for demonstration or pilot projects. You have to have a  permanent change in return for a permanent change, and an end to chain  migration will be one of the most important permanent changes to U.S.  immigration law in 52 years.   What is chain migration? Under the current law, which dates back to  1965, if you are a citizen, you can bring any one of your relatives to  this country, not just your spouse and your unmarried minor kids--your  nuclear family--but also your adult kids and their spouses and their  children and your adult brother and your adult sister and your parents  and then their siblings and so on and so forth. That is why it is  called chain migration. Each person is a potential link in a never- ending chain. The vast majority of people who immigrate to our country  legally every single year do so for the sole reason that they just  happen to be related to someone who is already here.   We have heard a lot of talk about the American dream in recent days-- that we are a nation of immigrants; it is part of our core, and that is  absolutely right. We are a nation of immigrants. We are a nation where  blood ties are not supposed to dictate the path of your life, where you  can fulfill your dreams. But we have an immigration system that does  the exact opposite--an immigration system that favors the ties of  blood, the ties of kinship, the ties of clan, and the ties of tribe.  What could be less American than that?   As a result, we have also had a massive wave of low-skilled and  unskilled immigrants, over the last 52 years. Today, of the million- plus immigrants who come here every year, only 1 in 15 comes here  because of education, job skills, or a job offer. That means we have  thousands and thousands of workers, with absolutely no consideration  for what it means for the workers who are already here--the workers who  are American citizens, who are earning a wage. In many cases, the most  recent immigrants are going to face competition from the next wave of  unskilled immigrants, so we are putting downward pressure on their  wages--the wages of people who work with their hands and work on their  feet, who hold the kinds of jobs that require you to take a shower  after you get off work, not before you go to work.   Blue-collar workers have begun to see an increase in their wages over  the last year for the first time in decades, and that is in no small  part because of the administration's efforts to get immigration under  control. But it is not enough to stop there.   The real question is, who should our immigration system work for? It  should work for the American people, the American worker. It should be  crafted for their benefit, not for the benefit of foreigners. We should  have an immigration system that fulfills the needs of our economy, that  focuses on jobs and wages for American citizens here, whether your  parents came over on the Mayflower or whether you just took the oath of  citizenship last week. This is not some radical position. Liberal  Democrats used to believe in that.   I understand that in this debate most of the attention is focused on  the population of about 690,000 illegal immigrants who came here,  through no fault of their own, as young children 15, 20, 30 years ago.  I think the concern for them is very understandable. President Trump  has shown it. My colleagues have shown it today. I share it as well.   President Obama did them a real disservice by unilaterally and  unconstitutionally--therefore unsustainably--giving them legal status  in this country to work. President Trump did the right thing by  recognizing that President Obama lacked that authority and shouldn't  have put them in that position. But nobody in the Senate--I think I can  speak for my other 99 colleagues. Nobody is eager to see these people  face deportation. Yet, at the same time, if we are going to give them  legal status, we have to recognize that inevitably, as an operation of  logic, there are two negative consequences that flow from that. You can  say that you don't mind them, but you can't say that they don't exist.   First, as you have heard from so many others, you are going to  encourage parents from around the world who live in poverty,  oppression, strife, and war to illegally immigrate to this country with  their small children in hopes of giving their children American  citizenship sometime in the future. That is dangerous, and, in my  opinion, it is immoral to offer those kind of inducements.   Second, as I have explained, you will create a whole new category of  American citizens who can now get legal status for their extended  families--to include the very parents who brought them here in  violation of law in the first place. As part of this debate, we have  often heard the old line that children ought not to pay for the crimes  of the parents. Well, if that is the case, can't we at least agree that  parents can pay for the crimes of the parents? They are the ones who  created the situation in the first place.   President Trump has said, as I have noted, that he wants to protect  the DACA population. But at the same time, he has said repeatedly: We  must build a wall and secure our border and end chain migration. I  agree that we have to build a wall on our border.   I have to say, it is a little amusing to see how our Democratic  colleagues have changed their tune on this point. First, they were  complaining for weeks that the President hadn't written a border  security plan yet. They kept asking for a punch list. A punch list is  what your contractor provides you when he is done building your home  [[Page S57]]  but not quite done with every single technical spec. The administration  provided that to them just last week.   Now they are complaining that it is too expensive: It is outrageous,  in the words from the Senator from Illinois. I want to point out that  although the President's proposal would cost $18 billion--it is over 10  years, so $1.8 billion a year--the Senator from Illinois has proposed a  naked amnesty bill that would cost $26 billion over 10 years. That is  right; $18 billion is too much to secure our southern border to build a  wall and provide more agents and buy more technology, but $26 billion  to provide more welfare for illegal immigrants after they get amnesty  is A-OK.   I would also point out that a lot of Democrats supported the Secure  Fence Act just over a decade ago--building over 700 miles the physical  barrier on our southern border. Maybe I can propose new grounds for  starting negotiations. How about we simply agree as a baseline that we  will fully fund the hundreds of miles of physical barriers that the  Senate minority leader voted for just 12 years ago?   They also supported the so-called Gang of 8 bill 5 years ago, which  also would have built hundreds of miles of physical barrier on our  southern border. What has changed since then?   All that being said, building a wall will help stop illegal  immigration, but it will not fix all the problems to the law itself.  That is why I have said, as the President has said, we also have to  deal with that second consequence--ending chain migration.   One trial balloon I have heard floated in recent days is that a  negotiated piece of legislation could eliminate the immigration  preference for the adult, unmarried kids of legal permanent residents,  green card holders. That is perfectly fine. We should do that, for  sure. But to act as if that alone would end chain migration is  preposterous. It will delay a very small part of chain migration--only  delay, only delay a very small part--about 26,000 of the more than  300,000 people who come here a year through family preferences. It  doesn't even touch the preference for the adult, unmarried children of  citizens or parents or siblings of citizens and green card holders  alike.   In other words, once these young people in the DACA population become  citizens, then they will be able to get legal status for their  relatives, which means, far from stopping chain migration, it will  actually accelerate the naturalization process and the chain we are  trying to stop in the first place.   The time has come to end this foolish, unwise, and, indeed, dangerous  policy, as we saw just a few weeks ago in the most recent attempted  terror attack in New York, which had at its initiating point someone  who had come into this country because of chain migration. Not a single  advanced, industrialized nation has such a lax immigration policy as we  do when it comes to immigrant families--not Canada, not the United  Kingdom, not France, not Germany, not New Zealand, not Japan.   If we are actually going to fix this problem--if we are going to do  right by the American worker, if we are going to promote the American  dream and American ideals, then it is time for these mindless family  preferences and chain migration to come to an end.   I yield the floor, and I yield to my colleague from Oklahoma.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oklahoma.   