 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today with a number of my  colleagues to speak out against the Trump administration EPA's dirty  power plan--a  [[Page S5889]]  proposal to replace the Obama administration's Clean Power Plan. This  proposal from this administration fails in at least two aspects: First,  it fails to address climate change, and second, it will put Americans'  health at risk.   Millions of American children are heading back to school in my State  and in your State and in States across the country this week and next  week. All three of my children are grown, but not so long ago, we were  sending them off to school, helping them with their homework, and  making sure they were getting good grades. As far as we know, they  never brought home any failing grades. However, I can't say the same  for the Trump administration with respect to this latest proposal.   A friend of mine recently said: ``If corruption were a class, the  Trump administration would be getting an A-plus.'' Well, in just about  everything else--especially public health and economics--the Trump  administration continues to fail the American people almost every day.  It is clear this administration needs to do a little remedial work,  maybe take some courses again, especially in basic science.   Let's be clear. The science behind climate change is settled. It is  over. Climate change is real. It is happening. It is a growing threat  to America, and it is getting worse every year. Climate change is  leading to rising global temperatures, rising sea levels, and more  intense and frequent weather events. NOAA tells us that extreme weather  events costing $1 billion or more have doubled in frequency over the  past decade, with $425 billion in losses having occurred over the last  5 years alone.   It is now hard to find a part of our country that isn't being  affected in some way by climate change. We see the examples almost  everywhere. Not too far from my home in Delaware is a place called  Ellicott City, MD.   My wife visited there with a bunch of her friends from the DuPont  Company. They are all retired now, and they wanted to go visit there  and actually support the local economy in Ellicott City, the local  people who have been through just terrible devastation. In the last 2  years alone, two 1,000-year floods have devastated Ellicott City, MD,  just north of Washington, DC. There have been two 1,000-year floods in  the last 2 years.   Forest fires fueled by extreme heat and drought continue to ravage  States like Montana, California, and Oregon.   Since we started keeping records, only 49 category 5 hurricanes have  threatened the United States. That is since we started keeping records,  and I think we have been keeping records for maybe a century. Three of  those 49 category 5 hurricanes occurred in the last year. Think of  that. Out of 49 category 5 hurricanes since we have been keeping  track--and I think it has been a century--3 of those were in the last  year. Right now, one of those is threatening the people of Hawaii.   I can go on and on and on. Make no mistake--it is costing Americans  in the form of lost income, lost livelihoods, and sadly, in some cases,  lost lives.   As someone who proudly represents the lowest lying State in the  Nation--Delaware--climate change is not a science lecture for us; it  affects my constituents daily. For us, this issue is intensely  personal. That is why for my entire career in the Senate, I have fought  to find ways to move us away from fossil fuels and reduce carbon  pollution. It started in 2002, when I introduced one of the first bills  in Congress to cap carbon emissions from coal-fired powerplants.   The good news is that we have made some progress in this country.  That is in part due to the large investments that the Obama  administration and Congress made over the last decade in clean energy.  It is also due in part to smart regulations, such as the Clean Power  Plan. I proudly supported those efforts, and I still do.    In addition, many companies across our Nation have stepped up, and  they deserve some credit. Making real investments in clean energy has  turned out to be the right thing and to be a wise investment,  demonstrating that it is possible once again to do well and do good at  the same time.   As a result of these actions, in the last decade, our country  rebounded from one of its greatest economic downturns in history. We  lowered energy costs, reduced air pollution, and added 16 million new  jobs during the Obama administration. We also launched the longest  running economic expansion in the history of our country, which  continues to this day.   We have a chart here that shows that since 1970, the United States  has cut common air pollutants by almost 75 percent, while the U.S. GDP  has grown by over 200 percent.   Instead of building on the Obama administration's forward-looking  environmental standards, this administration has taken pride in tearing  the protections apart. This administration's so-called affordable clean  energy proposal fails to provide industry with the certainty needed to  make clean energy investments for the future, while also providing an  uncertain future for generations to come.   People say, at least where I am from and maybe in North Carolina--my  wife is from North Carolina, and she tells me they say this in North  Carolina as well. You can put lipstick on a pig, but it is still a pig.  No matter what EPA calls this proposal, by the Agency's own account, it  doesn't achieve affordable energy or clean energy, and it definitely  doesn't address climate change. The EPA's proposal, which I think might  more appropriately be called the dirty power plan, is instead another  step by this administration to dismantle the Nation's environmental  protections and protect polluters over the public.   If I were to grade the EPA's proposal to replace the Clean Power  Plan, I would not give it an A, and I would not give it a B, a C, or a  D. I might well give it an F. I take no joy in saying that, but that is  the way--calling balls and strikes, that is pretty much what I would  call it.   A friend of mine--maybe you have a friend like this, too, Mr.  President--a friend of mine, when we ask him how he is doing, sometimes  responds with these words: ``Compared to what?'' When compared against  the Clean Power Plan, using EPA's own numbers, it is easy to see the  dirty power plan's shortcomings.   Let's start with the Clean Power Plan. We have a chart here that says  that ``the Clean Power Plan would create $54 billion per year in public  health and climate benefits.''   Compare that to the dirty power plan. We have another chart. This one  indicates--and this is EPA's own analysis. This is not my analysis, not  the Democratic Party's analysis; this is EPA's own analysis of Trump's  Clean Power Plan replacement. What happens to smog? It goes up. What  happens to soot? It goes up. What happens to mercury? It goes up. What  happens to carbon pollution? It goes up. How about premature deaths per  year? Well, they go up. By a couple? By 100? By 1,000? No, no. Up to  1,400 premature deaths per year.   That is enough for me to say no thank you and to give the dirty power  plan a failing grade, but there is more. The Clean Power Plan would  reduce household energy prices by $85 a year through energy efficiency  investment. The Clean Power Plan also provides long-term certainty for  U.S. businesses, helping American companies make smart investments at  home and compete in the global clean energy market. The dirty power  plan does not help consumers save money on energy costs, does not  provide businesses with certainty, and instead will likely cede clean  energy jobs to places like--you guessed it--China.   Let's recap. When we compare the dirty power plan over there in red  to the Clean Power Plan here in green--cleaner air? The clear winner is  the Clean Power Plan. Saving lives? The clear winner is the Clean Power  Plan. Job creation? The clear winner is the Clean Power Plan. Energy  savings? Again, the clear winner is the Clean Power Plan. Safer  climate? Again, the Clean Power Plan. Where I come from, we call that  running the table. That is why, in my class, if I were the teacher, if  I were assigning grades, this dirty power plan would not get an A, B,  C, or D; it would get a failing grade.   Let's be honest. EPA's dirty power plan proposal is not a climate  change replacement, it is a retreat. Let me say that again. EPA's dirty  power plan proposal from this administration is not a climate change  replacement; it is a retreat. It is a retreat from EPA's most basic  responsibilities to ensure breathable air. It is a retreat as well from  EPA's most basic responsibility to  [[Page S5890]]  usher in economic progress and tackle the greatest environmental crisis  that I think we face on this planet of ours.    The Clean Power Plan, with its long-term certainty and flexibility  structure, is the Federal policy that moves us in the right direction  and fulfills EPA's legal and scientific obligations to address climate  pollution. Repealing the Clean Power Plan and replacing it with a  proposal as ill-conceived as the dirty power plan will have serious  consequences for the health of the public, our economy, and this planet  with which we are entrusted.   The American people deserve better than a dirty power plan, plain and  simple. My colleagues and I are going to do everything in our power to  make sure that happens.   Let me close with this real quick. I see some of my colleagues are  waiting to speak. I would say maybe 10 years or so ago, one of my  colleagues--I think it was either George Voinovich or Lamar Alexander-- was working on legislation to address four air pollutants: sulfur  oxide, nitrogen oxide, mercury, and carbon dioxide. We offered  legislation in response to the George W. Bush administration's  proposal. Those affiliated with SOx, NOX, and mercury-- sulfur oxide, nitrogen oxide, and mercury--called the Bush  administration's proposal Clear Skies. Pretty clever. We added to that  carbon dioxide. We called our proposal Really Clear Skies.   I remember having a meeting in my office about a decade ago. In my  office, we had my colleague, my Republican cosponsor, and we also had  representatives from six, seven, eight, nine utilities from all over  the country debating and discussing whether Clear Skies, the Bush  proposal, or Really Clear Skies, our proposal, made more sense. I will  never forget what one utility CEO said at the end of the discussion. He  might have been from North Carolina. He was from someplace down South.  He said: Senators, here is what you should do. Tell us what the rules  are going to be, give us a reasonable amount of time, some flexibility,  and get out of the way. That is what he said. I will never forget that:  Tell us what the rules will be with respect to air emission, give us a  reasonable amount of time, some flexibility, and get out of the way.   I think that is what the Clean Power Plan did. We need to get back a  lot closer to that proposal. I think it actually mirrors and reflects  the advice we received a decade ago.   My time has expired. I thank my colleagues for their patience.   I am happy to yield to the Senator from Arizona, Mr. Flake.   