 Mr. President, as I was walking into the Chamber tonight,  the press outside was telling me that they had just been told--and I  hope to hear otherwise tomorrow--that the Senate Select Committee on  Intelligence, on which the distinguished Presiding Officer and I both  serve, would not be holding any public hearings on the financial issues  so central to holding the President of the United States accountable.   What I am going to describe for a few minutes is how the executive  branch, particularly officials such as Secretary Mnuchin, are ducking  these issues, and now it appears the President's Republican allies on  the Hill are ducking the issues as well.   I especially believe it is a great mistake for the Senate Select  Committee on Intelligence, on which the distinguished Presiding Officer  and I both serve, to fail to follow up on the follow-the-money  questions. Following the money, as the Presiding Officer knows, is  counterintelligence 101. Right at the heart of our duties on the  Intelligence Committee is our mandate to vigorously pursue issues  relating to counterintelligence. The reason that is so extraordinarily  important, it is money that is one of the best and easiest tools to  compromise people, to take advantage of counterintelligence measures  that, for example, would compromise American public officials.   I believe it is a great mistake for the executive branch,  particularly Treasury Secretary Mnuchin--and as the ranking Democrat on  the Finance Committee, we have jurisdiction over his agency--and the  Senate Select Committee on Intelligence to just punt on these issues  that are central to the question tonight, that Senator Whitehouse  deserves great credit in terms of pursuing, which is holding the  President accountable.   The public, in particular, deserves the full story about financial  entanglements between Russia and the President and his associates.  Obviously, the American people are constantly reading stories in the  press about these connections. The special counsel's indictments of the  Trump campaign manager, Paul Manafort, and the campaign aide, Richard  Gates, contained voluminous information about money laundering and tax  evasion intended to hide money from pro-Russian Ukrainian entities.   The distinguished Presiding Officer and I know a bit about money  laundering because we have introduced bipartisan legislation to deal  with shell companies and money laundering. It is clear that this is a  serious matter because when you are talking about money laundering and  tax evasion, particularly as it relates to national security and  American sovereignty, it has great implications.   Donald Trump and his administration have consistently tried to  prevent the American people from seeing not only his finances but the  activities of Russian oligarchs. The President's allies, both here in  the Senate and elsewhere in Washington, are just going along with it.  Americans need to see both sides of this. They need to understand the  corruption in both Russia and in the United States in order to  determine how they may be connected.   That is why the Congress required the administration to provide--and  I want to emphasize this--a public report on the Russian oligarchs,  their relationship with President Putin, and indications of corruption.  Secretary Mnuchin released nothing other than a list of rich Russians  taken from public sources.   I have wanted to know if the intelligence community had warned the  Secretary of Treasury against releasing what they saw as sensitive  sources or methods. When I asked the leaders of the intelligence  community whether they had weighed in, they all said no. What you have,  in effect, is a whitewashing of the responsibilities of the Secretary  of Treasury, possibly the White House, and possibly senior Republicans  in the Congress on this issue.   I then asked Secretary Mnuchin why the Russian oligarch report was  covered up. I have gotten no answer to that either. This is just part  of the stonewalling that is preventing the public and the Congress from  following the money. In addition, I have inquired of Secretary Mnuchin  about Treasury documents associated with a suspicious real estate  transaction in which a Russian oligarch bought an estate in Florida  from Donald Trump for more than twice what the President paid for it. I  have gotten no response from the Secretary on this matter either.   What you have is a period of time--and I just speak from popular news  accounts--when President Trump bought this property, essentially did  nothing with it. It was at a time when it was very hard in our country  to get access to money, and the President sold it to a Russian oligarch  for tens of millions of dollars beyond what he paid for it.   I was particularly concerned when I read the press accounts of  Florida newspapers with accountants and lawyers and others in the Palm  Beach area saying they thought this transaction smelled. They thought  it was suspicious. They thought it was questionable. They couldn't see  why anybody would pay that amount on top of the purchase price without  there being some more sinister kind of motive.   In addition to getting no response from Secretary Mnuchin on that, I  have also written to Secretary Mnuchin about press reports regarding  connections between the National Rifle Association and yet another  Russian oligarch. I wanted to know if there were records held by the  Department of the Treasury that would shine a light on these reported  connections.   As the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, we have  jurisdiction over the Department of the Treasury and the work done by  the Secretary and his associates. You would think that just as a matter  of courtesy Secretary Mnuchin would respond. We have received no  response on that matter as well.   I intend to pursue this matter until we get some answers. If the  President, his associates, or powerful political entities, like the  NRA, have been corrupted by Russian money, the Congress and the public  need the full story. There needs to be open hearings, and they need to  be in the Senate Intelligence Committee.   The President's associates have not been shy about releasing their  side of the story, and they ought to face questions from Members of  Congress. Secretary Mnuchin needs to testify about whether the  Department of the Treasury knows about these financial entanglements.   I would like to close simply by saying that these questions of  following the money, which I have made my top priority since the period  in which the Intelligence Committee began to dig into these issues, are  central to holding the President accountable. The executive branch and  their allies in the Congress simply cannot justify ducking these  questions, as apparently the press is about to report on the basis of  conversations I had walking into the Chamber.   The American people deserve to know the extent to which Russian money  has corrupted their leaders and their democracy. It is long past time  to open this up and, for the sake of American national security and  sovereignty, get this information out. I intend, as the ranking  Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee and a member of the  Intelligence Committee, to stay with it, the issue of how this  administration and its financial entanglements may have affected  policies important to all Americans.   I yield the floor.   