 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the time.   Let's make no mistake today. The only reason that we are here, today,  talking about an amendment to the Constitution to force Congress to  balance a budget is because of the lack of fiscal responsibility of  this body over the past several years.   Throughout the history of the United States, the United States has  gone into debt during times of national crisis or war, but both parties  understood the danger to our national security and our economy by  sustaining a debt and, therefore, worked together to pay off that debt.  But not in the modern era of Congress, no. We continue to print money,  and we continue to go deeper and deeper into debt.    Make no mistake, the American people understand that this enormous  debt that we have accrued in this country of $21 trillion is a  responsibility of Congress, and it is our responsibility to fix this  problem. Now, a lot of people don't understand how much money $21  trillion really is. That is part of the problem. Our debt is so big  that no one really understands how big this debt is. Let me put it into  perspective.   Regardless of your background or your religious beliefs, if you know  what today's date is, you know historically when Jesus was born. If you  were to go back to the moment that Jesus was born and put $17,000 into  the bank, and you waited 60 seconds and put another $17,000 into the  bank, you waited another 60 seconds and deposited another $17,000 into  the bank, and you continued to put $17,000 into the bank every minute  since Jesus was born, you still wouldn't have enough money to pay off  our national debt today, and that is an atrocity to the American  people.   There is one way to fix this. We can either pass this amendment and  have it ratified, or we can actually have the fortitude to pass a  balanced budget.   The Republican Study Committee will bring to this floor a balanced  budget, as we have many times in the past. And if my colleagues who are  calling us hypocrites are serious about balancing this budget, then  they will come together and vote for a budget that balanced. We have  the authority, we have the power to do that, it is just we don't have  the fortitude or willingness to do what is hard. We owe it to our  grandchildren, and we owe it to our children.   