 Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that my colleagues are here  standing up for the crisis, to solve the crisis on the border.   Securing the United States and the American people, this border, is a  fundamental, constitutional responsibility of the Federal Government.  We have Members of the House and Senate who are still unwilling to  ensure we have control over our borders, unwilling to ensure we know  who enters the United States, and unwilling to enforce our immigration  laws.   Some of the opposition has forgotten their previous support for  border walls back then, before they didn't fundamentally disagree with  border security or the border wall. But now they simply don't want  President Trump or elected Republicans to get a win. What they want is  open borders.   In 2006, some of the Democrats still in the Senate today, including  Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, voted in favor of the Secure Fence Act  to build a southern border wall.    For now, Republicans still control Congress. Rumor is that our  leaders are negotiating a deal to avert a shutdown and fund the  government through February 8. Once again, we are kicking the fight for  border security down the road.   When are we going to stand up and fight, if not now?   Our coalition of Members here have drafted an amendment that would  allow us to deliver on our promise to make the necessary policy changes  to end catch and release, increase the number of immigration judges,  and provide $5 billion in border wall funding.   In all of the debate about borders and illegal immigration, many of  the headlines focus on those who have come here illegally, but I urge  you to remember people on the American side of the border. Remember the  ranchers and residents living along the border who are impacted by  smuggling and trafficking that goes on because of our lack of will in  this body. Remember our Border Patrol agents who risk their lives every  day trying to keep us secure.   I urge my colleagues in the House and our leadership to think about  what is best for America. Is it the status quo, or is it standing up to  fight for the security and sovereignty of our Nation?   Clearly, we must stand up and fight now. I urge my fellow Members to  support funding for the border wall before January 3 comes; and if we  have to, I am willing to stay here to make sure that happens.   