 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I  appreciate all of the work that she does on behalf of our Nation's  military men and women.   Mr. Speaker, here we are again. Once again, this House will vote to  fully fund our Nation's military and critical national security  programs.    I have said this many times before, but I will continue saying it  because the point is so very important: the global threat environment  facing the United States today is greater than at any time since the  conclusion of World War II.   North Korea is continuing to build its nuclear weapon program, which  poses a direct threat to the United States and our servicemembers  stationed abroad.   Terrorist groups, like ISIS and al-Qaida, may be weakened in Iraq and  Syria, but their influence continues to spread to other areas  throughout the Middle East and Africa.   The situation in Afghanistan is deeply concerning. Look no further  than the recent wave of attacks by the Taliban in Kabul.   China is continuing to build up its military and exert aggression in  the South China Sea.   Russia and Putin remain emboldened as they take provocative actions  in Ukraine, throughout Eastern Europe, and even in the Pacific.   Other countries continue to catch up to our Nation's capabilities in  the space domain.   Iran is showing more and more involvement in the Middle East and  continues to support terrorist groups that threaten our allies, like  Israel.   Not to even mention the evolving and serious threats posed to the  United States by state actors and rogue actors when it comes to  cybersecurity.   Despite so many real and wide-ranging threats, our military has not  received the funding that is necessary to keep up.   As the gentlewoman said, we have the smallest Army since before World  War II, the smallest Navy since before World War I, and the smallest  and oldest Air Force we have ever had.   The military does not work like a spigot. You can't just turn it on  when a crisis happens and expect everything to work and all of our  servicemembers to be ready. Training takes time, and building equipment  takes even more time. We have to prepare now for the crisis of  tomorrow.   The commandant of the Marine Corps, General Robert Neller, put it  best when he said:  [[Page H694]]    ``Marines don't get ready when the crisis occurs.''   ``The instability of the current fiscal environment, compounded by  current shortfalls in our operation and maintenance accounts, impact  our ability to maintain a `ready bench.'''   Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson also recently stated that:  ``We are stretching the force to the limit, and we need to start  turning the corner on readiness.''   I could go on for hours talking about the real challenges facing our  military. But, instead of looking back, I want this Congress to look  ahead and solve these problems, instead of just continually talking  about them.   This Defense funding bill includes $659.2 billion in full-year  funding for the Department of Defense. That includes increases in  military operations and maintenance accounts. That includes a 2.4  percent pay raise for our troops, which would be the largest in 8  years. That includes increased funding for missile defense systems and  programs, which is so important, given the threat posed by North Korea.   That includes funding for 11 new Navy ships, including three littoral  combat ships, which are built, in part, by Austal USA in my district.  That includes critical funding for training and readiness operations.   That also includes much-needed money for research and development to  ensure our military continues to have the most innovative and state-of- the-art equipment at their disposal.   All told, this bill would be a landmark step toward rebuilding our  military, standing up to our adversaries, and supporting the men and  women who work every single day to keep the American people safe.   Now, I hear my colleagues on the other side of the aisle saying that  this bill has no chance in the Senate. While I don't understand why our  colleagues and the Senate would not want to fund our military, I have a  strong rebuttal to that argument.   If the Senate wants to add nondefense programs to this bill or make  changes, then they should take this bill up, make whatever changes or  additions that they desire, and send the bill back over to the House.  It simply makes no sense to just declare this bill dead and not take a  vote on it.   I intend to talk to my two home State Senators about passing this  bill, and I expect they will be supportive of this effort because they  understand the need to fund our Nation's military.   But I reject the notion that we shouldn't be passing this bill and  sending it over to the Senate. I am tired of the Senate not acting on  our government funding bills, and I think we should keep sending  funding bills over there until they take one up and actually pass it.  This ridiculous crisis of funding our government from one crisis to the  next must end.   So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation  and, once again, send a military funding bill over to the Senate. Here,  in the House, we must continue to fulfill one of our most basic  responsibilities outlined in the Constitution: to provide for the  common defense.    With this funding bill, we can move back toward a position  of peace through strength, and we can keep American families safe.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the rule and the underlying  legislation.   