 Mr. President, I want to share some comments on what we  saw happen here tonight as it relates to the public lands package. We  saw a glimpse here tonight of, on the one hand, how this institution  can really come together--years of bipartisan work, years of  collaboration on the ground back in our respective States--and come  together to put together a lands package and ask for a simple up-or- down vote tonight in the Senate.   I am very confident that had we had the opportunity to have voted  here tonight, you would have seen this lands package pass the Senate by  at least a 2-to-1 margin. It would have gone to the House, and it would  have passed. It would have gone to President Trump's desk, and I am  confident he would have signed it.   We have been fighting for permanent reauthorization of the Land and  Water Conservation Fund because of what happened right here tonight-- the uncertainty of this institution, where 98 Senators can say ``Let's  move ahead for a vote''; 2 Senators say no, and we weren't able to have  a vote tonight.   It is OK to oppose legislation. That is the American process--for  each of us to come down here and express our respective opinions. Some  will say yes; some will say no. What we were asking for here tonight is  to have that debate on the floor. Let's have that vote on the floor,  and let the Senators respectively speak on behalf of the people who  sent them here in the first place to represent their interests.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund--the reason we need to  permanently reauthorize it is that tonight you could see that we didn't  get it done. In fact, it expired on September 30, and here we are,  halfway through December, and we still do not have the reauthorization  of LWCF. That is why we need to make it permanent; you can't depend on  this institution.   So often, for the transaction required back in our home States, where  we use LWCF funds to access our public lands with a checkerboard-nature  ownership structure of many, many places out West, it takes years to  put together these deals--private landowners, the State, the Federal  Government coming together. When the Federal Government--the U.S.  Congress--can't get its job done, it creates uncertainty. Consequently,  who loses when there is uncertainty? The American people lose.   That is why we need to permanently reauthorize it. It actually  creates more certainty in taking care of a lot of these complex land  issues out West, and it saves taxpayers' dollars.   By the way, as Senator Burr has said over and over again, LWCF  doesn't cost the taxpayer anything. It doesn't cost the taxpayer  anything.   That was in this bill tonight to permanently reauthorize it. It  didn't get done.   As you read through the titles of these various bills, you hear the  stories. There may be what looks like one little line item here in  section 1009, S. 1219. There is some little obscure title that a guy  from Montana has no idea what is going on in Louisiana or Tennessee or  Alaska or Colorado, but I know back in those respective communities,  there is a lot of hard work bringing people together, collaboratives to  come together to put together a bill that we then bring to Congress. We  move it through committees. We have hours of hearings. Literally, there  are probably 100 years of effort at least that have gone into this  legislation tonight that we were not able to have an up-or-down vote  on.   Wildfire Technology Modernization, the Yellowstone Gateway Protection  Act--those are important to me in Montana. I will tell you what. The  people who are closest to the lands ought to have the loudest voice,  and I can tell you, the people in Paradise Valley, south of Livingston,  MT, don't want to see a large money operation near Chico, MT. It is  time to withdraw the rights there and allow that backdoor to  Yellowstone National Park to be protected in perpetuity. That was part  of this land package tonight.   If you take a look at the Sportsmen's Access to Federal Lands, one of  the issues that sets our Nation apart is our public lands. I tell you  what, if you go to Europe, you don't see public lands. If you go  virtually anywhere else in the world, you don't see public lands. It is  a unique American experience that a mom and dad in Montana, a grandma  and grandpa, an aunt and uncle can still go down to Walmart and buy an  elk tag and jump in the pickup, and within 20 to 30 minutes be in elk  country on public lands. That was part of the Sportsmen's Access  package.   We had the Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act. In fact, it is  something that Senator Barrasso put in place here to ensure we have  transparency in the way these funds are spent.   There is the Migratory Bird Framework and Hunting Opportunities for  Veterans Act in here.   My point is there are over 100 bills in here with a lot of careful  thought, a lot of consideration moving through committees. All we  wanted to do tonight is have an up-or-down vote. We didn't get it.   I am grateful that we had a good bipartisan spirit here tonight, that  we were working with leadership in both parties here in the Senate,  both parties in the House, including the future leadership in the  House. We are going to bring this bill back to the floor of the U.S.  Senate in January. We are going to move this through. We are going to  move it to the House. We are going to fight to get this thing on the  President's desk and signed as one of the early acts of Congress in  2019.   It didn't end well tonight with this package, but we are going to  start strong in January. We are not giving up the fight.   I want to thank the staff and the committee leadership on both sides  for helping us get to this point tonight.   Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. We will be back in January,  fighting.   I yield the floor    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to  speak for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous  consent that the Committee on Finance be discharged from further  consideration of S. 3611 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous  consent that the Committee on Commerce, Science, and  Transportation be discharged from the further consideration of  H.R. 5509 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.   Mr. President, I ask . . .      The online Record has been corrected to read:   Mr. President, I know of no other further debate on the bill. The  PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate on the bill? Hearing  none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is,  Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 5509), as amended, was passed.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The  PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.  STRENGTHENING COASTAL COMMUNITIES ACT OF 2018  Mr.  President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on  Environment and Public Works be discharged from further  consideration of H.R. 5787 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration.  Mr.  President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be . . .      The online Record has been corrected to read: The bill was read  the third time. 