 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as we approach tomorrow's hearing with  Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh, I want to be very clear about how the  Republican leadership has handled these incredibly serious and credible  allegations of sexual assault. The Republican leadership has handled  them poorly, unfairly, and disrespectfully.   Leader McConnell has called this entire issue a ``smear campaign''  cooked up by Democrats. That is a blatant falsehood that demeans the  women who have courageously come forward. They came forward, not  Democrats. They did it on their own, not Democrats. And when Leader  McConnell says that it is a smear campaign, he is demeaning these  women. As I have said before--but we have yet to hear--Leader McConnell  owes Dr. Ford an apology for what he has said.   After Republicans on the Judiciary Committee learned of a second  potential allegation against Judge  [[Page S6316]]  Kavanaugh, they renewed their request, of course, to accelerate--to  speed up--the confirmation process.   Chairman Grassley has prohibited witnesses in tomorrow's hearing,  other than Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh, including the one and only  alleged eyewitness to the events in question. Chairman Grassley and  several of his colleagues on the other side have already proposed a  final committee vote on Friday. They proposed the vote before the  hearing occurs. Isn't that prejudgment? And they are acting, when they  propose the vote before the hearing, as if the conclusion was  foreordained and the hearing is just a nuisance to ``plow through.''   Most galling of all: Republican leadership and the White House have  blocked the FBI from reopening an independent background check  investigation into Judge Kavanaugh, a standard procedure for Federal  nominees when new allegations arise. This isn't a new thing that  Democrats are pulling out of a hat. This is something we do all the  time--except in this case, no.   So this isn't a Democratic smear job, as the Leader so callously and  disrespectfully suggested; this is a Republican rush job and, I might  add, a rush job to avoid getting to the truth.   Here is the contradiction in Leader McConnell's logic: Leader  McConnell keeps saying that the allegations by Dr. Ford and other women  are ``uncorroborated''--his word--while, at the same time, he is  blockading the obvious avenues to corroborate them, and that would be  an impartial FBI investigation calling on witnesses to testify. Senator  McConnell's assertion is wrong on its face because sworn statements  corroborating Dr. Ford's account were submitted to the Judiciary  Committee yesterday. If he doesn't believe those statements, it is  simple: Have the FBI go interview those who submitted the statements,  and then they would have to tell the truth under the penalty of  perjury.   So right here and now, I challenge any Member of the Republican  Senate to come to the floor and give one good reason why we shouldn't  allow the FBI to follow up on its background investigation--one good  reason. I haven't heard one. With all the rhetoric, all the screaming,  all the name-calling, all the disrespecting of women who have come  forward--something this Nation knows all too well these days--we  haven't heard one actual reason why there shouldn't be an FBI  investigation.   Will it slow it down? It will take only a few days.   I would remind Leader McConnell that he slowed down a nomination to  the Supreme Court for a year, and now a few days is too much? Give me a  break.   Dr. Ford has asked for an FBI investigation. That shows the faith she  has in her account. Editorial boards across the country have echoed her  call for an FBI investigation. Anita Hill, treated so unfairly in her  day, said that an FBI investigation is essential. And I have to give  some credit: A handful of fair-minded Republican Senators have said  that an FBI investigation is warranted because they know it would get  to the facts. They know it would keep politics out of it. They know it  wouldn't cause much of a delay.   During Justice Thomas's confirmation process, an update to the FBI  background check took 3 days--3 days. Leader McConnell held a Supreme  Court seat open for over 400 days. So why was that OK, and this is not  OK?   Again, I say to my dear friend, Leader McConnell: Give me one good  reason--give the American people one good reason--why we shouldn't ask  the FBI to investigate. If it is a smear job, as he claims, the FBI  will find that out. But they also might find out that it is no smear  job; it is the God's honest truth.   Now, another tactic: The Republican leader has just trotted out old  quotes by Senator Biden pointing out that FBI investigations don't  provide conclusions.   I would say to the leader: That is just the point. The purpose of the  FBI investigation would not be to prove definitively who is right one  way or the other. That is a judgment Senators are to make. The purpose  of the FBI investigation is to provide the Senate with just the facts-- that is what we want, just the facts--to make a more informed decision  and one the American people could have some confidence in. Their  confidence in Judge Kavanaugh and in the process is slipping daily, and  with good reason. Isn't an impartial, fair, timely, and nondilatory FBI  background check investigation fair to both Dr. Ford and Judge  Kavanaugh, taking this out of the arena of politics and making it just  about the facts? You bet it is.   Of course it is the right thing to do. But the Republican leaders and  the White House have blocked it and scheduled a hearing for tomorrow  anyway because, as Leader McConnell promised last week, he is going to  ``plow right through'' these allegations. And the motivation is clear:  They want to put Judge Kavanaugh on the bench as quickly as possible  because they know their nominee has a gigantic credibility problem, and  every day that goes by, more and more Americans realize it.   Judge Kavanaugh has misled the Judiciary Committee on numerous  occasions about his involvement in the ugliest Bush-era controversies,  including on torture, on the confirmation of controversial judges  William Pryor and Charles Pickering, on the sordid affair when Manny  Miranda, a Republican operative, stole Democratic emails. Just today,  Ranking Member Feinstein said that Judge Kavanaugh misled the Judiciary  Committee about an incident with a grand jury during his time working  for Ken Starr.   Telling the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth does  not seem to be Judge Kavanaugh's way, but that is what we need on the  Supreme Court.   Earlier this week, the Nation watched Judge Kavanaugh swear on  national television that he never had so much to drink that he forgot  events. That characterization doesn't track with several descriptions  given by many of his high school and college classmates and when he  says ``I can't recall this, that, and the other thing'' about his  youth.   So the question of credibility looms. Is Judge Kavanaugh willing to  say anything to get confirmed? And are Republican leaders willing to do  anything to get him confirmed? Unfortunately, signs are pointing to  yes.   Most importantly, when the credibility of the nominee is so  questionable, is that the kind of person we want on the Supreme Court?  I don't care if it is a liberal, a conservative, or a moderate. When  the question of credibility is so much in doubt, as it is now with  Judge Kavanaugh, that person should not be sitting on the highest Court  in the land, the arbiter of our laws and often the determiner of right  and wrong. It would be a new lower standard for the Court and for  America.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, moments ago, another serious allegation  of sexual misconduct against Judge Kavanaugh was made public in a sworn  affidavit. There are now multiple, credible, serious, and corroborated  allegations against Judge Kavanaugh made under the penalty of perjury.   The new affidavit by Mrs. Swetnick calls out for a thorough,  impartial, detailed investigation done by our FBI professionals, as do  the allegations made by other women. Yet, currently, there is only a  single hearing--tomorrow, with no witnesses other than Dr. Ford and  Judge Kavanaugh--before a scheduled committee vote and a potential  final Senate floor vote soon thereafter. That is not right. There is no  need for such a rush. These women deserve to be heard in a fair way,  and their claims must be properly investigated. Republicans need to  immediately suspend the proceedings related to Judge Kavanaugh's  nomination, and the President must order the FBI to reopen the  background check investigation.   I strongly believe Judge Kavanaugh should withdraw from  consideration, and the President should withdraw his nomination if  Kavanaugh will not do it voluntarily. If he will not, at the very  least, the hearing and vote should be postponed while the FBI  investigates all of these serious and very troubling allegations.   If our Republican colleagues rush to proceed without an  investigation, it would be a travesty for the honor of the Supreme  Court and the honor of our country.   I yield the floor.   