 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, across the country this week and as is  evident in the Nation's Capital, people are honoring men and women who  serve in law enforcement. If you are visiting the Capitol this week,  you will see more law enforcement officers in many different uniforms  than you would have expected to see, unless you are already here for  law enforcement week.   When the Presiding Officer and I came to the Senate, Senator Coons  from Delaware came at the same time. We started the bipartisan Senate  Law Enforcement Caucus. It is a privilege for me to speak during law  enforcement week as we honor those in law enforcement and to speak on  behalf of Senator Coons and myself at a time when we think it is  particularly important to recognize what law enforcement officers do.   I want to talk a little bit about the law enforcement officers who  lost their lives this year in the line of duty. Too many law  enforcement officers around the country have lost their lives or have  been fatally injured in the line of duty.   Three law enforcement officers in Missouri were killed in the line of  duty in the past year. The Clinton Police Department lost two of those  officers--Officers Gary Lee Michael, Jr., and Christopher Ryan Morton.   Miller County Deputy Sheriff Casey Shoemate also lost his life.  Deputy  [[Page S2663]]  Shoemate was killed last month while responding to a structure fire. He  was in a fatal car accident. He served at the Miller County Sheriff's  Office for 1 year. He is survived by his two children, his fiancee, and  his parents and siblings.   In March, Clinton, MO, Police Officer Christopher Ryan Morton was  shot and killed when he and two other officers responded to an unknown  situation as the result of a 9-1-1 call. As Officer Morton and his  colleagues arrived at the scene, the subject opened fire. The officers  returned fire. They entered the home in an attempt to take the man into  custody. The man continued firing and wounded all three of the  officers. Officer Morton's colleagues survived their injuries, but  Officer Morton's wounds turned out to be fatal. He served the Clinton  Police Department for 3 years. Prior to joining law enforcement, he had  served in the Missouri Army National Guard, and he deployed to Kosovo  and Afghanistan. But it was at home in Clinton, MO, where he lost his  life serving others. He is survived by his parents and his siblings.   In August of last year, another officer, Gary Michael, was shot and  killed during a traffic stop. Officer Michael had stopped a vehicle for  a suspected registration violation, and the driver exited the vehicle  and immediately opened fire. Even though he was mortally wounded,  Officer Michael was able to return fire and wound the subject, who was  later apprehended. He had been with the Clinton Police Department for  only 1 year. He was an Army veteran. He left behind his wife, his three  children, and a grandchild.   In April, the Clinton Police Department placed a tribute to the two  fallen officers in the station. The plaque quotes John 15:13: ``Greater  love has no one than this, that he lay down his life for his friends.''   Officers leave their homes every day likely to face more difficult  situations than most of us face. The families of officers always have  in the back of their minds thoughts about what is going to happen to  the person they love when that person is out there defending us. When  officers put on their uniforms, say goodbye to the people they love,  and walk out the door, they put their lives on the line to try to keep  others safe. We are forever indebted to them. We are indebted to their  families. This debt becomes a responsibility for the sacrifices they  make and the trauma some families face every day. When we see more  police officers ambushed, when we see officers becoming targets more  frequently than they used to be, this is the debt we owe to them and  their families.   Every year in conjunction with National Police Week, the names of  fallen officers like the three I just mentioned are added to the wall  of the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. There are more than  21,000 names on that wall, dating back to the first law enforcement  death in 1791.   This week, Senator Coons and I will be introducing the National Law  Enforcement Museum Commemorative Coin Act. That bill authorizes the  Treasury Department to mint coins to commemorate the opening of the  National Law Enforcement Museum located in Washington, DC. The museum  is scheduled to open later this year and is dedicated to highlighting  and honoring the work of law enforcement past and present. After the  government is reimbursed for costs associated with producing the coin,  proceeds will support the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial  Fund's educational and outreach programs. I certainly hope our  colleagues will join Senator Coons and me--as 15 Members already have-- as we circulate the request to have a coin minted and used in that way.   Men and women of State and local law enforcement put themselves in  harm's way every day to protect our communities. The Federal Government  shares the responsibility of ensuring that they have the training,  equipment, and support they need to do their jobs.   We benefit every day from the people who are law enforcement officers  in and around this building. One of the things they do is obviously  keep the people safe who work here, but they also make the U.S. Capitol  the most open and accessible Capitol in the world. People come here  every day and walk through this building where history has been made  and where the work of democracy still goes on. It wouldn't be possible  for them to do that if it weren't for the police officers who serve and  protect the Capitol and the places around the Capitol where people who  want to see democracy in action come.   The stress and fatigue that law enforcement officers face in the line  of duty can take a heavy toll and can lead to behavioral health issues,  such as anxiety, depression, and post-traumatic stress. They have the  stress that wherever they are can become the frontline when working in  law enforcement. I was proud that the Senate passed by unanimous  consent the Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act during  Police Week just 1 year ago. This bill, which I cosponsored, will help  law enforcement agencies better understand and address the behavioral  health needs of their officers.   On that topic, too often in the last decade, we have expected police  officers to generally be the frontlines of behavioral health delivery.  This is not a job that is best done by police officers and emergency  rooms, but too much of it is still being done that way. Police  departments all over the country have turned into crisis intervention  teams, where they prepare officers--in some cases, every officer in a  department is prepared to be a crisis intervention officer. They must  not only be a law enforcement officer but also the on-site person who  must recognize a mental health problem and deal with that issue  differently than they might if it were another kind of problem.   Recently, I cosponsored the Probation Officer Protection Act, which  would allow Federal probation officers to protect themselves and  enhance their ability to do their job by giving them the authority to  arrest third parties who are interfering with their doing their job as  they try to secure a person who has violated their probation.  Currently, probation officers don't have the authority to arrest a  third party who forcibly interferes with the officer's performance of  his or her official duties.   We recently had Jim Goehring from the Eastern District of Missouri in  our office for a couple of weeks to advise us on this and other issues,  to be our policy adviser on Federal probation issues. I know he and the  people he works with would like to see that bill passed this year.   There are a few things we can do and are doing to honor the men and  women in law enforcement and to help them better meet the real  challenges of their job. They are our first responders. They run toward  danger when others are able to run away. All of us in this Chamber have  an obligation to honor their service not just today, not just during  Police Week, but every day and every week. This is a week set aside for  that, as we see officers here in Washington and at home. It is a good  week to say thank you. Whether it is here or where we live, reaching  out and saying thank you to those who serve us is the right thing to  do.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   