 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I see nobody seeking the floor. I will  speak briefly, but I would urge the Congress--both bodies--to heed the  clear warnings of our intelligence community, and I urge them to take a  meaningful step, an important step, toward defending our democracy.   If we do nothing, we leave our elections vulnerable to an aggressive  foreign adversary fully intent on destabilizing our country. To this  Vermonter, and many of the Senators in the Chamber, it is a simple  choice. It is a solemn responsibility.   Today, the Senate should vote on my amendment to provide $250 million  in grants to the States to help secure their election systems. We have  to send a clear message to Russia and other foreign adversaries that  tampering in our elections will not be tolerated. Simply giving a  speech about it is not enough. We should vote on this.   If there was a missile attack against any of our States, we would  respond immediately. Our democracy is a sacred part of what we cherish  as Americans--all of us, Republicans and Democrats alike--and our  States are under attack.   In fiscal year 2018, Congress came together--Republicans and  Democrats, the House and the Senate--and we appropriated $380 million  for State election security grants in response to our intelligence  community's assessment that Russia interfered in the 2016 election.   In just a few months since then, States and territories--55 in all-- have requested funding, and 100 percent of these funds have been  committed; 90 percent of them having been disbursed to the States.   The need is clear, and we have only scratched the surface. This week,  21 State attorneys general signed a letter pleading with Congress to  appropriate more money to address this imminent threat. Experts agree  that aside from our appropriation last year, Congress has not provided  any new spending on election security grants in years. By not providing  these funds, Congress has allowed our election infrastructure to lag  behind the times and the threat. We are leaving our country vulnerable  to a clear threat to the foundation of this very institution and the  other institutions of American Government.   We spend hundreds of billions of dollars in defending against missile  threats, as we should, or threats from the sea, the air, and the land,  as we should. But here is a very direct threat we can begin to address  with a tiny fraction of what we spend on these other threats.   My amendment will provide the funding needed to help protect our  elections. Our intelligence community has warned us publicly that we  are, once again, being targeted. The Senate should not allow that. We  should vote to defend this institution, the U.S. Senate, and our own  democracy.   In a world where the President of the United States stood shoulder to  shoulder with Vladimir Putin and refused to condemn Russia's attack on  our election and attacked our own law enforcement intelligence  agencies, my amendment is a necessary first step.   I believe in America first, not Russia first. I believe in protecting  America. Our State works very hard to protect our elections. We elect  Republicans and Democrats in our State. In the last election,  Republicans elected a Governor, and I was reelected as a Senator. It is  obvious we split votes, but we count our votes, and we do not have  interference from another country.   Vermont is a small State, and we go under their radar, but anybody  who reads the intelligence knows there is no question Russia has  attacked us before, Russia is continuing to attack this country today,  and Russia will attack this country in November. We must protect it.   I don't believe anybody is seeking recognition.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   