 Mr. Speaker, I acknowledge that Ranking Member Collin  Peterson on the committee has done a good job balancing many special  interests that are profoundly affected by the farm bill; solving a  delicate series of political problems; and holding firm, protecting  vital nutrition programs and things that I care about, that I have been  working on for years, like hemp. But unfortunately, the bill is not  addressing the crisis in American agriculture.   I published a book earlier this year. The Fight for Food had an  alternative farm bill. Some of the provisions have found their way into  it. But this bill does not affect the crisis that we are facing in  American agriculture; having small and medium-sized producers  [[Page H10122]]  being squeezed out; the battle in terms of the chemical warfare in  parts of America with Monsanto products that are threatening  agriculture production; and we are actually seeing violence break out  in terms of being unable to deal with this.   We have a profound problem in terms of the environmental context that  farmers face. Only one in four farmers are going to get access to the  environmental programs they need.   Now, there are some improvements in there, things I have been working  on for years, but the fundamental problem, by flatlining it, we are not  meeting the needs and, in fact, it is going to represent a reduction in  absolute terms.   It does nothing to address the crisis that agriculture is facing  because of climate change and carbon pollution. We have a crop  insurance program that doesn't work for most farmers and ranchers, and  it is grotesquely expensive.   We have had efforts in Congress, committees, outside experts, that  point to ways we can rein in these unjustified subsidies, save money,  and have a program that works for most farmers and ranchers. But sadly,  that will have to wait for another day.   We are not investing in the future. We are not investing in farmers  and ranchers who need the help the most, accelerating research,  accelerating environmental programs, accelerating and investing more in  beginning farmers.   Mr. Speaker, it is not good enough to be able to solve the political  problem, to solve the bill, and prevent the worst abuses that were  being proposed. We need a farm and food bill for Americans who eat, who  pay taxes, and for farmers and ranchers who want to practice on a  sustainable basis on the smaller scale, not massive agricultural  industrial production.   This bill is a missed opportunity. And even though it has got some  good things in it, I am going to vote against it because it is not  nearly good enough.    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's courtesy in  permitting me to speak on the bill. I commend Mr. Peterson, in  particular, for guiding this important piece of legislation that  actually includes many provisions that I have been working with for  over 12 years.   He has been successful in protecting key Democratic priorities,  especially nutrition, and avoiding damaging, poison-pill provisions.  Near and dear to my heart are the reforms for hemp.   But, I am concerned that it does not adequately address the growing  crisis in American agriculture. I spent 3 years going around Oregon  talking to people, putting together our little ``Fight for Food''  booklet and legislation.   We are not dealing with the chemical welfare inspired by Monsanto/ Bayer. We have the Trump tariffs and climate devastation that is  getting more serious by the month. We have a crop insurance program  that is not just wasteful, but fails most farmers and ranchers that I  represent and, indeed, in most States.   While I appreciate the legislative accomplishment that are  represented here, I look forward to starting the next Congress with  then-Chairman Peterson to see if we can build on this foundation to  narrow differences, broaden areas of agreement, do better for our  farmers and ranchers, better for the environment, better for taxpayers  and everyone who eats.   