 Mr. Speaker, let me, first of all, state the obvious. I  am rising to support H.R. 4258, the Family Self-Sufficiency Act.   I would like to thank Chairman Duffy for the spirit of bipartisanship  that he has demonstrated on this and on other legislation as well; and  Mr. Himes, the gentleman from Connecticut, who is managing this piece  of legislation. It is also appropriate to thank the chair and the  ranking member of the committee for giving their support to this piece  of legislation.   H.R. 4258 would make important updates to the Department of Housing  and Urban Development Family Self-Sufficiency program, the FSS program,  which is a voluntary program that encourages residents who use housing  vouchers or who live in public housing to connect with program  coordinators to create self-sufficiency plans, obtain educational  resources, and pursue work opportunities.   This program also creates an interest-bearing escrow account for  participants that can be accessed upon graduation from the program.  Money from this account can be used for job-related expenses or as  savings for a home.   I deviate from my written comments to say that there are a number of  great stories like Tanya's that Mr. Duffy shared. As a 5-year resident  of public housing when I was growing up, during that time my father was  working on three jobs trying to save money for a house and to buy what  became his first car. Our first car was an Oldsmobile Rocket 88--Rocket  88 I want emphasize--and it was the pride of our family and our  community, frankly, when that happened. But it would have been  infinitely easier if there had been some kind of escrow account that my  father could have moved money into to save so that when he found that  lot and the house that he lives in today, that would have been money  right there available for him to pay down on it or pay it off. It seems  like a lot of money then, but the lot was $5,000, and the money that he  could have saved over that period of time could have been so  significant. We managed to do it anyway.   This program would help countless numbers of people who want to take  advantage of the help that the Federal Government can give them with  housing but at the same time work and strive toward independence. That  is what I think the great value of this program is.   I don't want to repeat what has already been said, so I want to just  give you a list of the organizations supporting this legislation: the  Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, Preservation of Affordable  Housing, the National Leased Housing Association, the National Low  Income Housing Coalition, Compass Working Capital, National Association  of Housing Redevelopment Officials, Housing Partnership Network, the  National Housing Trust, and Stewards of Affordable Housing for the  Future.   A similar version of this bill was introduced by Senator Reed and  Senator Blunt from my home State of Missouri over in the Senate, and I  am encouraged by this bipartisanship and the bicameral process.   I am also hopeful that we can continue to work, as Mr. Himes said, on  further improvements of housing resources all across the country, and I  urge my colleagues to support this bill.   