 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  wanted to join him just for a few moments to simply applaud the way in  which he is raising this issue tonight.   I think it is incredibly important because it was Jefferson who  actually said ``that the normal course of things was for government to  gain ground and for liberty to yield.'' And you think about the  significance of the 10th Amendment and what it says. Its words are real  simple: ``Those powers not delegated to the United States by the  Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the  States respectively, or to the people.''   This is a gut-check moment on the degree to which we really believe  in the 10th Amendment, and we really believe in a limited Federal  Government. So I would make very quickly three points: one, what you  are talking about tonight is ultimately about this larger question of  whether States are simply proxies, if you will, worker bees, if you  will, for the Federal Government and nothing more than that.   Are all decisions to be made in simply Washington, D.C., or can they  actually be made at the local level? This issue that you are raising is  ultimately not about marijuana, but it is about local voice and local  control.   For instance, we have an oil drilling issue off the coast of South  Carolina, and a number of us have raised it, not because it was our  idea, but because every single municipality along the coast of South  Carolina came out in unison with different resolutions, different  proclamations that said: We don't want offshore, not so much for  offshore, but for its impacts in the way that we develop as a  coastline. And so this is ultimately about simply this larger question  of: Does Washington make all of the calls, or is there a State  government, a local government, and an individual involvement that  actually are involved in the way that decisions get made?   I would, furthermore, say that this is a gut-check vote on the notion  of federalism. Federalism is hard. The reason our Founding Fathers  didn't want a king or a queen but wanted this massive process called a  Republican and a Democratic voice that went with it was because, though  it is a lot harder, it is a lot fairer--one man, one voice; not all  voices in Washington.   So what I think is interesting, back when I was in a different role  at the State level, I remember different bills coming across my desk  from different counties, for instance, for proposed tax increases. And  staff would say: You have got to veto that. And I would say: No, the  counties are free to make stupid decisions. I don't agree with it. I  think it is a mistake, but counties ought to be able to have the voice  to decide what they want to do.   This is that exact same principle at play at the Federal level. And  by having this quiltwork of different experiments in different States,  and then being able to determine what works and what doesn't work, we  are able to formulate national policy, not from on high, top down, but  from the bottom up.   Finally, I make this simple point: this is about saying the Federal  Government does not decide the complexion of a local business. I think  that what was significant about one of your earlier speakers, Carlos  Curbelo, H.R. 1810--I am a cosponsor of his bill--it simply says, you  have got to treat a local business as a local business. If it is legal  locally, then you have got to treat it as such. And you can't come in  and preempt from a Federal level and decide how local business is going  to operate.  [[Page H474]]    So for a lot of different reasons, I simply applaud what you have  raised tonight. And I thank the gentleman for his voice and his very  strong stand for liberty and conservative principles in doing so.   