 Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairwoman and the  ranking member for their leadership on this bill.   I stand in support of the fiscal year 2019 Defense Appropriations  bill. It funds our critical defense needs. It is a great investment in  our men and women in uniform. It is going to give them the tools they  need to receive. It starts restoring or military's health.   A year ago, we heard about half the Navy aircraft not being able to  fly because of maintenance issues. Out of 58 combat brigades, only five  are ready to fight tonight. Our fighter pilots are getting only one- third of the time they used to get 20 years ago. All of this is  unacceptable. We have had 80 fatalities during routine operations.   We restored military spending by 10 percent last year. This bill  maintains that and keeps up with inflation. It is a great bill that is  going to help restore our military.   There are two points I would like to make with this bill, though.   First, I want to thank the chairwoman for what she and the committee  are doing with the OC-135. The OC-135 open skies aircraft flies out of  Offutt Air Force Base. It is 57 years old. It supports the open skies  mission when we overfly Russia.    It has one of the worst maintenance rates in the United States Air  Force. It frequently breaks down in Russia, putting them in very  awkward, hostile situations with Russians at their bases.   So I thank the Appropriations Committee for getting this funding  process started to replace these aircraft. The Air Force wants it. It  is the right thing to do.   Secondly, this body has made great strides to get our bases in Europe  independent from Russian gas. Our bases are there to deter the  Russians. Yet, some of those bases are dependent on Russian gas. It  doesn't make sense. In time of hostilities, they will just turn that  gas off and put our men and women in uniform in a terrible situation.  [[Page H5719]]    We have made strides to force our military to find alternative  sources of power. But I understand that a colleague on the other side  of the aisle wants to submit an amendment removing those restrictions,  so, once again, we will start using Russian gas. It is wrong. I thank  the chairwoman for opposing the Huffman amendment. I do, too.   This is a great appropriations bill. I stand in support.   