 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today just to join my colleagues in urging the  House to reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund before it  expires this September.   I think former Senator ``Scoop'' Jackson said it best when he  introduced the legislation to create this fund nearly a half century  ago. He said Americans ``go to the open areas.'' The LWCF is what helps  ensure we have open areas in our community where the next generation  can gather.   People in my neck of the woods have 600 more open areas to go to in  Washington State thanks to the Land and Water Conservation Fund's $600  million investment in our region. The Land and Water Conservation Fund  has helped build parks in places like Tacoma and has helped protect  forestland in Kitsap and Mason Counties, without a cost to taxpayers.    Folks come to our region to visit unique places supported by the Land  and Water Conservation Fund, and then they stick around to spend some  money at our local shops and restaurants. So by investing in the Land  and Water Conservation Fund, Congress supports jobs and small  businesses. This is good for our economy.   Congress gets a lot for their money when they invest in the Land and  Water Conservation Fund. This money helps communities attract private  dollars from multiple sources to accomplish big goals. It is the glue  that holds these big projects together.   I would like to highlight a couple of the projects that have had a  big impact in my neck of the woods.   The South Puget Sound Coastal Forest Legacy Project is a partnership  between The Trust for Public Land and Green Diamond Resources Company  that will help protect nearly 10,000 acres of working forestlands along  the Hood Canal. Keeping this land off-limits to development will help  maintain working forest jobs and recreational access to Mason County  trails. It will also protect, roughly, 1,400 acres of shellfish beds  that serve more than 20 shellfish companies and 2,000 recreational and  Tribal harvesters.   The Salt Creek Recreation Area is another great example of what local  communities can achieve thanks to support from the LWCF. I grew up just  down the road from Salt Creek, so I can tell you firsthand what a  difference this park has made for our region. In fact, I took my kiddos  there for an amazing day last summer. From the tide pools and sandy  beaches to the panoramic views, it is no wonder this park has become a  key driver of our growing recreational economy. That project would not  have become a reality without the relatively small--just $250,000--but  vital investment from the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   But the LWCF isn't just about creating opportunity in rural  communities; it supports recreational opportunities in urban areas as  well. Take the Kandle Park and Pool in Tacoma.   Less than a decade ago, this park was just an empty field with a  dilapidated playground; but thanks to support from the LWCF, this park  hosts a modern aquatics facility and sports fields that provide a safe,  fun, and screen-free place for kids to spend their time.   So in my Washington, what I consider the better Washington, we have  seen firsthand that the LWCF grows jobs, supports rural economies, and  connects our urban communities to the outdoors.   So that is what is on the line. At a time when we are starving for  bipartisanship in this place, look no further than H.R. 502. Mr.  Speaker, 229 Members, Democrats and Republicans, have cosponsored this.  We have 100 days to get it done. I hope that we get this done.   