 Mr. President, I rise in support of H.R. 6147, the so- called appropriations ``minibus,'' which includes the fiscal year 2019  Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies  Appropriations bill, as well as three other bills.   I am certainly proud to have worked with Chairman Collins. She has  put together a thoughtful, bipartisan T-HUD Appropriations bill that  reflects the priorities of more than 70 Senators, who provided more  than 800 funding or language recommendations. Her leadership and her  commitment to fairness and to ensuring that all of our colleagues had  the opportunity to help make investments in their States are remarkable  and deeply appreciated.   We looked at all of our colleagues' suggestions and recommendations.  We also received guidance from Chairman Shelby and Vice Chairman Leahy,  and I appreciate their creative and constructive role. As a result, we  were able to produce legislation I am remarkably proud of, and I again  thank the chairman for her great work.   The bill does not include any poison pill riders, which follows the  principle established by Chairman Shelby and Vice Chairman Leahy.   This agreement has given the committee space to evaluate the requests  of the administration and Congress and to provide funding levels that  support national priorities. I strongly urge my colleagues to maintain  this effort and not get diverted by very peripheral and narrow  interests in the form of what is frequently referred to as ``poison  pills.''   Having said that, as the chairman indicated, we welcome amendments  and encourage Senators to file them as soon as possible so we can begin  to work through them. We have already heard from a few colleagues, and  we have several amendments we are preparing to move forward.   Substantively, let me share some of the significant accomplishments  in this year's T-HUD bill. Consistent with the budget agreement, the  bill includes $10.9 billion in budgetary resources above fiscal year  2017 levels to improve our Nation's infrastructure, grow our economy,  and spur job creation.   The bills include $3.3 billion above the levels provided in the FAST  Act for highway programs, including $800 million for a bridge repair  and replacement program.   On rail and transit, we have maintained Amtrak's funding level from  fiscal year 2018, including $650 million for the Northeast Corridor, to  make meaningful state of good repair and safety improvements. We have  also fully funded the need for Capital Investment Grants and have  increased transit formula and competitive grant programs above FAST Act  levels. These modes of transportation are essential to reducing  congestion, driving economic growth, and improving quality of life  throughout the country.   I am also pleased that we have a bill before us that protects rental  assistance for more than 5 million low-income individuals and families,  over half of whom are elderly or disabled, and rejects the  administration's harmful proposals to increase rent burdens and work  requirements for many of our assisted households, who are already  struggling to make ends meet.   The bill also provides $285 million for programs that remediate lead- based paint hazards in low-income and assisted housing. This includes  $25 million to address lead-based paint hazards in public housing and  $45 million for a new Lead Safe Communities Demonstration Program,  which has the potential to reduce the cost of remediating lead-based  paint hazards in homes.   For our Nation's seniors, the bill includes more than $50 million to  develop new senior housing and $10 million to modify low-income  seniors' homes to make them more accessible. In Rhode Island--and we  are not unique--nearly half of our senior households lack an affordable  housing option. This funding will be used to develop innovative housing  strategies and ensure that our Nation's seniors are able to remain in  their communities. It is remarkable. Half of our seniors are without  affordable housing, and that number is only going to grow as the  demographics of this country continue on their present course.   Again, in terms of housing, let me single out an issue where the  chairman has been extraordinarily not only conscientious but also  courageous. That is homelessness among youth, veterans, and survivors  of domestic violence. Chairman Collins has done remarkable work. She  has been building on the work we did together on the HEARTH Act to  develop innovative, targeted ways to comprehensively address  homelessness nationally. I am pleased we are able to include more than  $2.6 billion in assistance for communities to continue to provide  emergency and community-driven solutions to prevent and end  homelessness.   Let me also say a few words about the other bills that are part of  this minibus package--the Agriculture Appropriations bill, the Interior  Appropriations bill, and the Financial Services-General Government  Appropriations bill. Each of these bills includes important funding for  key programs, and each has steered away from the kind of controversial  legislative provisions that would prevent them from moving to the  floor.   I am pleased the Agriculture bill includes critical funding for  nutrition, conservation, and research, including additional funding to  help foster the growth of shellfish aquaculture.   The Interior bill continues to make important investments in  infrastructure through the State Revolving Loan Fund programs for clean  water and drinking water, which Senator Crapo and I have championed on  a bipartisan basis for many years.   The bill highlights the need to establish a maximum contaminant level  for PFAS, a category of chemicals that has been used in a wide variety  of products, including firefighting foam. Frankly, as Ranking Member of  the Armed Services Committee, I have been told of numerous military  facilities across the country where this firefighting foam has been  used for 30 or 40  [[Page S5234]]  years, and now we are beginning to recognize the potential  environmental effects. Dealing with this issue now, or beginning to  deal with it, is a very thoughtful approach.   In addition to providing critical dollars for our national parks,  wildlife refuges, and cultural institutions, this bill also funds the  Southeast New England Program for Coastal Watershed Restoration to  support collaborative and science-based projects that improve the  health of Narragansett Bay and other coastal watersheds in Rhode Island  and Massachusetts.   Finally, the Financial Services-General Government bill makes  important investments in our leading financial regulators--the SEC and  the CFTC--as well as provides funding for the Community Development  Financial Institutions program, the High Intensity Drug Trafficking  Areas program, and the SBA's State Trade Expansion Promotion program.   I commend the chair and ranking member of each of these subcommittees  for their hard work on these bills.   Before I conclude, I note that these smart investments and well- crafted bills would not have been possible without the passage of the  2-year Bipartisan Budget Act, which provided much needed relief from  sequester-level budget caps, but that is only a 2-year deal, which  expires at the end of fiscal year 2019. With the return of harmful  sequester cuts looming in 2020, this bill should serve as a reminder of  why we must pursue another bipartisan agreement to provide relief on  both the defense and nondefense sides of the ledger. Without such a  deal, we will not be able to continue our infrastructure and other  investments that make a positive difference in communities across  America.   Again, let me conclude by thanking, recognizing, and deeply  appreciating the chairman for her extraordinary vision and her  commitment to those values and those issues that are remarkably  demonstrated in this bill: affordable housing for seniors, assistance  for the homeless, and ensuring that we have money for infrastructure.   This bill shows a remarkable commitment to infrastructure across the  country. When the President was campaigning, he talked about a  trillion-dollar infrastructure bill. That has not materialized. What  has materialized is robust funding for infrastructure in this bill, and  that is a direct contribution of the chairman.   I yield the floor.   