 Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the patients, the  patients who face terminal diagnoses but have exhausted all available  known treatment options.   Before us today we have legislation that received 260 bipartisan  votes last week; that was nearly 260 votes to increase patient access  to investigational drugs through a new pathway.   I want to thank Dr. Burgess for his incredible work on our Energy and  Commerce Committee to do our due diligence, to take an issue that is  important to our citizens and our colleagues and make sure that it has  been properly vetted, reviewed, and improved upon from what we got from  the Senate.   Mr. Speaker, 38 States have right-to-try laws, including my own State  of Oregon. This is something that people want and deserve. Wisconsin  will make it number 39 once the bill they have passed gets across  Governor Scott Walker's desk.   While the State policies vary, they have a common goal, and that is  helping vulnerable patients. President Trump praised the movement  during  [[Page H1743]]  the State of the Union, saying: ``People who are terminally ill should  not have to go from country to country to seek a cure--I want them to  have a chance right here at home.''   I have spoken to the President directly about what we are doing here,  and he gave me a shout-out when he was up in New Hampshire the other  day about moving this bill forward. We worked closely with the Vice  President and his team and with Scott Gottlieb, who is the doctor who  heads the FDA, the Food and Drug Administration, to get a really good,  thoughtful product before this House, and they support what we are  doing here. President Trump also highlighted this bill, as I said, when  he was in New Hampshire.   It is important to note that this isn't the first time we have  considered this bill. As you may know, last week, we tried to move this  on the suspension calendar, never imaging that the Democrats would  actually whip against giving dying patients the right to try one of  these drugs. We had 32 Democrats support this legislation, and that is  why we brought it back under regular order in a rule today.   Now, today, there is an existing process, and you have heard about  it--and we looked at this in the committee--for patients to access  unapproved drugs. The FDA oversees expanded access, commonly known as  compassionate use. This program has been critical in helping patients  access experimental drugs. It does work.   Commissioner Gottlieb and the agency should be commended for their  continued work to improve the expanded access program for patients. As  you have heard from my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, this  program works, and works effectively, but it doesn't do it all, and  that is why this legislation is before us.   To improve upon this successful program, the bill before us today  provides liability protections for manufacturers, sponsors, physicians,  clinical investigators, and hospitals that participate in the existing  expanded access program and the new alternative pathway that we create  under this legislation.   This was a very big issue for those who needed to be brought into  participation who otherwise might have sat on the sidelines and never  made these drugs available. This provision removes one of the biggest  hurdles that patients face and that was identified by the Government  Accountability Office; it is the biggest hurdle they face in getting  access to experimental therapies: manufacturers' hesitancy to  participate. That is the hurdle we are trying to overcome today in a  safe way.   The bill also creates a new alternative pathway for patients who do  not qualify for a clinical trial. This legislation strengthens patient  protections with clearer informed consent and adverse event reporting.  The bill also ensures the FDA is notified when a patient receives an  unapproved drug through the new alternative pathway to ensure proper  oversight.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues in the House, and  especially Dr. Burgess on the Health Subcommittee, but also  Representative Brian Fitzpatrick;  Andy Biggs, who is behind me; Morgan  Griffith; and our Vice President, Mike Pence. I am grateful for their  work and for their understanding that our job here in the House is to  do our work: to hear from people who are affected or might be affected,  to improve upon products, to go through regular order, and to bring  this bill to you today.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues in the House to support this  legislation.   