 Mr. President, I take this time to propound a unanimous  consent request concerning our Federal workforce. The reason for doing  this is we have gone through shutdowns before. It has been our view  that our Federal workforce should receive their pay. That has been a  bipartisan effort after each of the shutdowns.   I can tell my colleagues our Federal workforce is concerned. They are  concerned as to those who are on furlough, whether they will receive  their paychecks when the government opens up again. I was pleased to  see a comment come out of the White House, where the White House said  they support the pay for our Federal workforce. I think it is important  we give them that assurance.   I understand there is disagreement as to what has happened to date  and how we are going to reopen government, but let's not make our  Federal workforce have anxiety where they should not have it. Our  Federal workforce has suffered long enough under furloughs and CRs and  pay raises that have been less than cost of living and shutdowns, et  cetera.   So I would hope, on a bipartisan basis, that we could do what we have  done every shutdown; that is, to tell our Federal workforce that when  we resolve these issues, we will make sure they are paid if they are  furloughed today.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 290, S. 2274; I further ask unanimous  consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, if I might,  what Democrats and, I hope, Republicans have been trying to do is to  get a budget for this country. That is what we have been saying. Let's  stay here and negotiate the budget. Let's pass a very short-term CR.  Let's get these budget numbers done so that not only on defense but on  nondefense we can provide the support they need.   I came to the floor to make sure our Federal workforce knows we are  behind them and to make sure they understand that whether they are  furloughed or not, they are going to be paid for their services. That  is what we have always done together.   I take this time because I want to get a budget for the entire  country. We are not going to be able to divide the issue and say we are  going to take care of some but not all. That was not the purpose of my  unanimous consent request.   Therefore, for those reasons, I object.   