 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, I would like to, first of all, thank the Rules  Committee for making my amendment in order, as well as Chairwoman  Granger and Ranking Member Visclosky for their hard work on this very  important bill.   Mr. Chairman, I offered this bipartisan amendment with my good friend  and colleague, Mr. Gallagher, in support of the electromagnetic  railgun, a technology that has been described as ``revolutionary'' and  a potential multimission ``game changer'' for long-range land-attack,  ballistic missile and cruise missile defense, and antisurface warfare.   In brief, this weapon system uses magnetic fields to launch a guided  projectile with sufficient kinetic energy to travel significantly  farther than conventional explosive propellants. Railguns also have  more lethality at range than traditional gunfire.   They are considerably more cost effective. Whereas low-cost kinetic  defenses run around $400,000 per round, surface-to-air interceptors and  guided hypervelocity projectiles can cost less than 10 percent as much.   Mr. Chairman, these technologies have matured to a point where they  can provide military capabilities for the warfighter now for Army,  Marine Corps, and Navy applications, addressing critical gaps in U.S.  air defense against growing threats from peer and near peer  competitors.   Mr. Chairman, we must recognize that the best mix of air and missile  defense will consist of complementary kinetic and nonkinetic weapon  systems, enhancing our capability to defeat larger salvos of air and  missile threats.   So railgun has already demonstrated the capability to launch  projectiles at higher velocity than conventional naval guns, which  provides extended range, improved response time, and enhanced  lethality. Appropriating the transition funding for these efforts will  sincerely help in achieving these objectives for both our ground and  naval forces.   For the last several years, this amendment has been passed out of the  House with bipartisan support in order to give the Department the  appropriate resources to continue development and integration of this  extremely promising technology. I hope the House will do the same this  year.   I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman's input, but I  will remind the gentleman that significant progress has been made on  directed energy as well. And although the gentleman raises the point  that there are additional funds for directed energy and, potentially,  for railguns does not guarantee that the funds are going to be used for  railgun itself.   Right now, the Army, Navy, and Air Force have made significant  progress in directed energy capabilities that have been under R&D in  the labs for years and are at the point where they are ready to mature  and be deployed in the hands of the warfighter.   What this amendment ensures is that the funds actually will go to  railgun and see that technology, as well, mature so we can more quickly  get it into the hands of the warfighter, whether it is for the Navy or  for the Army.   I would also mention to the gentleman, point out, that our  adversaries are not standing still on this technology. China is, in  fact, fielding an electromagnetic railgun as we speak, and the United  States, in my opinion, could be falling behind in that technology.   So while I appreciate the gentleman's input, I strongly disagree, and  I hope that my colleagues will join with me in supporting the  amendment, enhancing support for electromagnetic railgun so that  America continues to lead in this vital technology.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I would remind my colleagues this is a  bipartisan amendment. I encourage my colleagues to support the  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   