 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas for coordinating  this opportunity to stand in solidarity on the House floor and  memorialize a dear family friend and my former boss, George Herbert  Walker Bush, our 41st President.   President Bush was a great sportsman, a man of warm and goofy humor,  and a man who in every instance put himself in the position of serving  others.   He was willing to enlist and became the Navy's youngest aviator. A  brave aviator, indeed, he was, flying some 58 combat missions.   But at every stage of his life until he passed on to be with Barbara  and Robin on November 30 at the age of 94, Bush 41 continued to put  himself in the position of serving others. That is his legacy, helping  spread a thousand points of light--American helping American, Americans  helping the less fortunate, Americans reaching out across the ocean to  help those in time of need.   As I noted, he was a great sportsman. He loved speed, fast boats like  the Fidelity, fast planes like his Avenger Barbara III. He was said to  be Grumman's best customer after losing three planes as a naval  aviator. Even in sports that were known for being relaxing, Mr.  Speaker, he made them fast: 18 holes of ready golf, or cart polo, as it  was referred to, in minutes, not hours; supercompetitive doubles tennis  and fishing. He always loved fishing--that is, when he wasn't  skydiving.    But this sportsman, gentleman, servant leader accomplished an  extraordinary portfolio of successes in his single term of 4 years as  our President.   Called upon by the media and many to dance atop the crumbled Berlin  Wall, President Bush did not dance. Instead, he put his shoulder down  and produced an agreement that, in turn, has produced extraordinary  growth and prosperity among the peoples of Europe. There is no greater  memorial to this success than to walk down the streets today of Warsaw,  Prague, or Budapest and see the economic vitality of free-market  capitalism at work.   But there were other exceptional moments in the international  portfolio, including the completion of the North American Free Trade  Agreement; the reinforcement of the Monroe Doctrine by ejecting the  threatening thug Manuel Noriega from Panama; the delicate punishment of  China while balancing our relationship during the regime's horrible,  murderous actions in Tiananmen Square; and ending the years of tension  between the United States and our ally Japan by creating the Structural  Impediments Initiative that opened Japanese markets by removing  nontariff barriers to American exports and services.   On the domestic front, this man of the House, Bush 41, developed an  outstanding creative agenda, starting first with cleaning up the  failure of the S&L crisis of the 1980s. He proposed the Americans with  Disabilities Act that was accepted by Congress and has provided  millions of Americans with more opportunities for work and access. His  Clean Air Act amendments set the standard in the world for cleaning up  acid rain challenges using market mechanisms, benefiting not only  America but our neighbor to the north, Canada. He left office with a  reputation of constraining government spending and responsible  budgeting.   But, of course, along the way, there were heartbreaks, beginning with  the failure to have his close friend, Senator John Tower, confirmed as  Secretary of Defense for ridiculous and spurious partisan reasons.   On Capitol Hill, President Bush 41 struggled with incredible  partisanship from Senate Leader George Mitchell and House Majority  Leader Dick Gephardt, but he treasured his friendships of cooperation  and success with Members like John Murtha, Dan Rostenkowski, and  Speaker Tip O'Neill.   Mr. Speaker, George Bush 41 treasured God, faith, and family. He  prided himself in the Army mantra of duty, honor, and country. In his  memorial service at Washington National Cathedral, historian Jon  Meacham stated that he believed Bush 41 was striving every day to  justify why he had been saved on that day off Chichi Jima. Thus, his  focus on service as well as his commandments: Don't blame others and  always share the credit--warm admonitions from his beloved mom.   So, Mr. Speaker, I stand today with my friends from Texas to salute  George Bush, a good and faithful servant who ran a full and fast life.  I was lucky to know him, work for him, and recognize him for being the  exceptional man of character that he was. Our country is blessed to  have him as our Commander in Chief and our 41st President of the United  States.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas for yielding.   