 Mr. Speaker, we are told it is the most wonderful time  of the year: Christmas. As a Nation, we have celebrated it with family,  with breaks from work, and with a bit of pomp in our Nation's Capital.  But why? It has not always been the case.   When Americans began to settle in the Colonies, they came with varied  religious backgrounds. To the Pilgrims and Puritans, the idea of  celebrating a holy day associated with the churches that had persecuted  them in Europe was repulsive. But to those high churches long  established--such as Anglican, Episcopal, and Catholic--Christmas was  observed widespread.   In the fabric of our Nation, the low church settlers dwelt more in  New England, where Christmas was not observed, and the high church  settlers were more in the South, where it was. Still, it was not until  1837, when Louisiana made Christmas a State holiday, that Christmas was  officially recognized.   In time, more States began official recognition. In 1870, Christmas  became a national holiday. Its lack of recognition was not for a lack  of understanding for the importance of the birth of Christ. Rather, it  was out of respect to the various Christian beliefs making up our  national fabric.   It was not until 1889 that a Christmas tree adorned the White House,  and the first official Christmas tree lighting ceremony did not occur  until 1923, under President Calvin Coolidge. The first White House  Christmas card did not appear until 1953, under President Dwight  Eisenhower.   Still, our Nation and our leaders have always made great effort to  express the importance of the birth of Christ. Here is what a few of  nearly all of our Presidents have said about the birth of Christ:   Calvin Coolidge: ``For many generations, Christmas has been joyously  observed . . . because on that day was born one who grew to be the only  perfect man and became the Savior of the world. No other influence in  human experience has compared with the birth and life of Christ.''   Franklin Roosevelt: ``Here, at home, we will celebrate this Christmas  Day in our traditional American way--because of its deep spiritual  meaning to us; because the teachings of Christ are fundamental in our  lives; and because we want our youngest generation to grow up knowing  the significance of this tradition and the story of the coming of the  immortal Prince of Peace and Good Will. But, in perhaps every home in  the United States, sad and anxious thoughts will be continually with  the millions of our loved ones who are suffering hardships and misery,  and who are risking their very lives to preserve for us and for all  mankind the fruits of His teachings and the foundations of civilization  itself.''   Harry Truman: ``In love, which is the very essence of the message of  the Prince of Peace, the world would find a solution for all its ills.  I do not believe there is one problem in this country or in the world  today which could not be settled if approached through the teaching of  the Sermon on the 