 Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by thanking the  chairman and the ranking member. I also want to thank their staffs for  putting in incredibly long hours. This isn't just a weeklong process.  This has been months long in the making. So I want to thank all the  Members and staff who made this moment possible.   Mr. Speaker, this measure before us is about as critical as it gets;  it really is. It addresses the priorities that we have been discussing  in this Chamber for a long time.   We talked about the need to rebuild our military. We all agree on the  need to rebuild our military. This bill provides the largest increase  in defense spending in 15 years.   Why?   Frankly because our military has been hollowed out for many years.   We are boosting resources for training, for equipment, for  maintenance, for base operations. It means new naval ships, new  fighters, new Apache and Black Hawk helicopters. It means we are  finally building a 21st century fighting force.   We agree on the need to support our servicemembers and our veterans.  This funds the biggest pay raise for our military in 8 years.   We have men and women who are fighting for us day in, year in, year  out. I saw a woman, a lieutenant colonel, a week ago in the Army, who  has done seven combat tours. This is what the people who are  volunteering in our armed services are doing for us, and we are finally  making right by them by helping them with a pay raise.   It provides record funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs to  make sure that our veterans receive better care at better facilities.   Remember those long waiting lists?   No more. This works on that.   We agree on the urgent need to make our schools safer. This bill  includes the Fix NICS bill to improve firearm and background checks. It  includes the Stop School Violence Act, which this House passed just  last week, I think, 407-10, if I am not mistaken. It provides funding  for early intervention, mental health, school security programs. Both  are provisions that the Parkland families asked Congress to include in  this legislation. It is part of the Sandy Hook Promise.   We agree on the need to fight the opioid epidemic that is ravaging  communities across this country. Every single Member in this House has  a firsthand story on what the opioid crisis is doing to their  communities. We have got to get on top of this problem. This bill makes  critical investments in treatment and in prevention to fight this  scourge of addiction that is ravaging our country.   We agree on the need to secure our homeland. This bill expands  resources for law enforcement, for border security, for immigration  enforcement. It provides resources for 95 miles of physical barriers  along our southwest border, which actually exceeds the administration's  request.   We agree on the need to rebuild our Nation's infrastructure. It  includes funding for long overdue improvements to our highways, our  railroads, our airports, our infrastructure.   And guess what.   There are no earmarks for specific projects in this bill.   The House has worked to reform our forestry laws for years. You see  on the news these horrible forest fires that are getting more severe by  the year, and it is because we have not been able to manage our  forests. This finally has the legislation we need to help manage our  forests so we can help protect the West from these catastrophic forest  fires.   The House passed the Taylor Force Act to restrict assistance to the  Palestinian Authority unless it stops subsidizing terrorism. This bill  implements that legislation. The PA is literally making payments to the  families of suicide bombers. It is like a bonus for terrorism.   That bill is in here. All of these things are important. They are  critical things that we have all been talking about.   What brings me here to ask all of my colleagues for a ``yes'' vote is  this: What this ultimately is about is giving our military the tools  and the resources it needs to do its job.   This week, the House paused to honor two naval aviators who died in a  training crash off of Key West, the two F-18 pilots. We paused to honor  seven servicemembers lost in a helicopter crash in western Iraq last  week. That is nine of our servicemembers lost in equipment failures and  accidents last week.   We continue to lose more American personnel to training accidents and  incidents than we do to enemy fire. That is unacceptable, and it is  preventable.   Mr. Speaker, we should not wait one more day, not one more hour to go  by without giving our men and women in uniform what they have earned  and what they deserve. Give them the pay raise that they earned. Give  them the equipment and the hours of training that they need to be safe.  They are putting their lives on the line for us. Let's make sure they  put their lives on the line for us with the proper amount of training,  with the proper amount of equipment, so that we can keep our country  and our people safe.   Vote ``yes'' for our military. Vote ``yes'' for the safety and the  security of this country. Vote ``yes.''   