 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to urge my colleagues to confirm  Brian Montgomery as Federal Housing Commissioner. The Federal Housing  Administration or FHA plays an important role in today's housing  finance market, promoting homeownership and ensuring access to  affordable mortgage credit for millions of Americans.   When FHA operates in a safe, viable manner, it can help many  deserving people gain a foothold in our housing market who otherwise  would not have been able to do so. FHA also plays a countercyclical  role in the mortgage marketplace, providing market liquidity in times  when traditional sources of home financing dry up, as they did a decade  ago.   Since 1934, the FHA has insured mortgages for more than 40 million  families. Today, the FHA is the largest mortgage insurer in the world.  It is also the primary facilitator of reverse mortgages and supports a  nationwide network of housing counseling agencies. Yet for nearly 4  years it has not had a Senate-confirmed leader.   Fortunately, the time has finally come to fill this vacancy. I know  Brian Montgomery will do a terrific job. Brian Montgomery is an ideal  candidate to take up the mantle because he has done it before.   Mr. Montgomery provided steadfast leadership at the helm of FHA  between 2005 and 2009, under Presidents Bush and Obama, during one of  the most trying times the housing markets had ever seen.   His nearly unanimous support from housing stakeholders speaks to this  strong track record of experience and expertise. Once confirmed, Mr.  Montgomery can hit the ground running, moving FHA forward in pursuit of  its continuing mission.   I look forward to continued conversations with him on opportunities  to improve America's housing finance system, which continues to be  urgently needed. I also look forward to working with him on how we can  make HUD programs more effective and more efficient, with better  stewardship of taxpayer dollars.   Thirteen years ago, this body confirmed Mr. Montgomery on a voice  vote to serve as FHA Commissioner. I ask my colleagues to once again  confirm him to this critical role.   Thank you.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I rise in support of the nominations of Ms.  Jelena McWilliams to be Chair and a member of the Federal Deposit  Insurance Corporation.   As one of the three primary Federal financial regulators, the FDIC  plays a critical role in the U.S. financial system, particularly for  community banks. As head of the FDIC, Ms. McWilliams will be  responsible for administering the Deposit Insurance Fund and ensuring  the safety and soundness of the financial system while also promoting  economic growth. She will also contribute to deliberations on financial  stability as a member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council.   In having focused extensively on financial institutions throughout  her career in both the private and public sectors, Ms. McWilliams is  supremely qualified for this position.   She has a unique view of the U.S. regulatory system and its regulated  entities, most recently serving as the chief legal officer, executive  vice president, and corporate secretary for Fifth Third Bank, which is  a regional bank based in Ohio. Prior to that, she served as a valuable  member of the Banking Committee's staff for both Senator Shelby and me.  Ms. McWilliams also worked as an attorney at the Federal Reserve during  the financial crisis and on the Small Business Committee under former  Senator Snowe.   Many of my colleagues and I can personally attest to her  qualifications, her good judgment, and her expertise, which will be an  asset to the FDIC and to the country.   At her nomination hearing in January, Ms. McWilliams demonstrated a  deep knowledge of the issues overseen by the FDIC as well as a  commitment to carrying out its mission. She discussed how her personal  experience has shaped her conviction in the FDIC's unique  responsibility as a deposit insurer, noting that one of the side  effects of the civil war that broke apart the former Yugoslavia was a  collapse of its financial system. Her parents, who still lived there,  had their savings disappear overnight when a local bank closed its  doors. Yugoslavia had no deposit insurance, and her then 68-year-old  father returned to work as a day laborer.   As she stated at her hearing, ``I can assure you that the core  mission of the FDIC resonates profoundly with me and, if confirmed, I  will not take its mission or my duties lightly.''   Ms. McWilliams has conveyed a strong desire to encourage economic  growth and facilitate new bank creation by continuing to address the  disproportionate regulatory burden that is faced by community banks.  Additionally, she acknowledged the need to expand Americans' access to  credit and the banking system.   If confirmed as a member and Chair of the FDIC, I look forward to  having the opportunity to work with Ms. McWilliams on these important  issues. I strongly support her nominations today, and I urge my  colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   