 Mr. Chairman, I want to thank our ranking member, Mr.  Tonko.   I rise in support of H.R. 3053. Congress first passed the Nuclear  Waste Policy Act back in 1982, but more than 35 years later, we still  do not have a national solution to address the safe storage of spent  nuclear fuel. Instead, it continues to sit on site at our Nation's  nuclear power plants.   This becomes a concern as more and more nuclear power reactors are  scheduled to shut down in the coming years, including the Oyster Creek  Nuclear Generating Station in New Jersey. As these reactors shut down,  the surrounding communities are realizing that the nuclear waste  currently stored at these sites will be there indefinitely when the  plant closes, absent a workable national solution. This situation  underscores the need for interim storage solutions to bridge the gap  until a permanent repository is licensed and constructed.   The bill before us today is a bipartisan compromise that was reported  out of the Energy and Commerce Committee by a vote of 49-4. Democrats  on the committee, especially Representative Matsui, worked with Mr.  Tonko to craft a bipartisan compromise that establishes an interim  storage pilot program, which will allow for consolidated temporary  storage of spent nuclear fuel, with priority given to waste currently  stored at decommissioned nuclear power plants.   This will allow us to consolidate waste at a single site instead of  121 sites in communities around the country. One consolidated site will  help ensure it is managed more safely and securely, while allowing  communities with decommissioned plants to begin working towards  redeveloping those sites.   Now, some of the opponents of this bill have focused on claims that  spent nuclear fuel could be transported through many congressional  districts across the country, and that is true. Spent nuclear fuel will  ultimately need to be transported from power plants to an interim  storage facility or repository. But moving nuclear material by rail and  truck has occurred frequently for decades, and the NRC notes that  thousands of shipments have occurred over decades without incident.   So regardless of your position on the Yucca Mountain project--I know  people feel strongly on both sides of that, but regardless, spent  nuclear fuel will need to be transported somewhere in the U.S. unless  all of the spent fuel is to be left at the site of a nuclear power  plant that may no longer even produce power.   Mr. Chairman, this bill is a balanced bill that I support, just as it  is also supported by the AFL-CIO, the IBEW, and the other building  trades. It will begin the process of moving waste out of communities,  particularly those home to a shut down nuclear power plant. It will  also help fulfill the commitment to taxpayers who have paid more than  $50 billion dollars into the nuclear waste program.   So I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill. I thank both Mr.  Shimkus, the  [[Page H3893]]  main sponsor who worked so hard; obviously, Mr. Tonko; Ms. Matsui; and,  of course, the chairman of our committee, Mr. Walden, as well.   