 Mr. Speaker, I will be brief.   A few hours ago, the Senate passed this agreement with a very big  bipartisan vote: 75 percent of the Senate Democrats, 68 percent of the  Senate Republicans, Republicans and Democrats coming together on a true  compromise measure. I think that is a thing to celebrate.   It accomplishes what so many of us had been fighting for. First and  foremost, this agreement accomplishes getting the resources that we  need to rebuild our military. Also, this includes long-delayed disaster  funding to aid recovery from the hurricanes and the wildfires; money to  fight opioids, something that knows no partisan boundaries; and the  extension of important healthcare programs.   This agreement will also allow us to step off this carousel of short- term funding bills that do nothing but hurt our military and stymie our  ability to focus on other important agenda items. And I think that has  been noted here tonight.   You know, most Americans are not even awake yet, or maybe they are  just getting up for the first shift. By the time they catch up with the  news this morning, they will see one of two things, depending upon what  choice we make here right now.   Either Congress will have done its most basic responsibility: funding  the government and taking care of our brave men and women in uniform. I  really believe that that is what the majority of this people in this  body want to see happen.   Or they will see a second needless shutdown in a matter of weeks.  Entirely needless.   Republicans will deliver more than our share of votes this morning. I  urge my friends in the minority to stand with us on this bipartisan  bill.   My commitment to working together on an immigration measure that we  can make law is a sincere commitment. Let me repeat. My commitment to  working together on an immigration measure that we can make law is a  sincere commitment. We will solve this DACA problem.   Once we get this budget agreement done--and we will get this done, no  matter how long it takes for us to stay here--we will focus on bringing  that debate to this floor and finding a solution. But we cannot do that  unless we pass this budget agreement.   Our military can no longer be held hostage in this process. So, for  this morning, let's honor our troops. Let's do our most basic job and  let's pass this bill.   