 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer my amendment to restore  funding for the southern New England estuaries program.   I plan to offer and withdraw this amendment in hopes that we can  continue this discussion and work out a solution that will continue  support for this program that is deeply meaningful to our region.   I am honored to be joined in this amendment by Congressmen Cicilline,  Keating, and Kennedy, all of whom know how important this EPA funding  is to Rhode Island and Massachusetts.   Mr. Chairman, estuaries support life. They are the fragile but vital  ecosystems where saltwater and freshwater mix together, and they  support a robust number of species. In Rhode Island, these coastal and  tidal areas provide environmental balance, but they are increasingly  threatened by human activity. We need to continue to support their  restoration, less they regress and become permanently damaged.   Over the past several years, we have seen the success of EPA's  southern New England program. With projects since fiscal year 2014,  these funds have helped protect and restore watersheds in the  Narragansett Bay, Mount Hope Bay, and Buzzards Bay. They have supported  coastal areas in South County, Rhode Island, and along Cape Cod and the  islands.   The EPA's geographic programs have worked in other parts of the  country as well, from the Puget Sound to the Chesapeake Bay, and they  are working in New England.   Mr. Chairman, as I have said in the past, our estuaries are the lungs  of our coastal areas. These EPA funds continue to help our New England  estuaries recover and to thrive.   While I plan to withdraw this amendment, I hope that Chairman Calvert  and I can work together to preserve this needed program.    Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from California.    Mr. Chair, I am grateful for the chairman's comments,  and I hope we can, as the gentleman said, work together on this, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   Mr. Chair, I withdraw the amendment.   