 Madam President, reserving the right to object.    Let me just mention that we have a list of about 40  amendments that have gone through the process and have been cleared on  both sides. These four were not among those.   I am still holding out hope to be able to get not just those but also  a managers' amendment. However, that had to be something that has gone  through the process, and these have not. So I do respectfully object.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the vote on  the motion to waive the budget act with respect to the Sanders' point  of order occur at 5:30 p.m. today.    Mr. President, first of all, let me just agree with the  comments that were made by Senator Reed. He has been great to work  with. I am glad he mentioned all the help of his staff. People don't  realize how, on a bill this size--this is the largest bill we will  consider probably this year--how much staff is involved. It is both  Republican and Democratic staff. It is one of the few things we do  around here that really isn't partisan. I think the Senator from Rhode  Island and I were only apart from each other on maybe 10 or 11  amendments. By the way, on amendments, I do want to comment how many  amendments we took care of during the committee hearing. So we have had  a lot of activity on the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization  Act for 2019.   Throughout the last 2 weeks, we have debated this legislation on the  Senate floor in an open process. We have said over and over, we want to  have open amendments, and we want to have people bring amendments down.  We have a system that is probably not going to be changed, but there is  going to be some activity this next year by several of us, if we are  going to be involved in next year's authorization bill for the year  2020, to see if we can't address a major problem; that is, we have  allowed a system to take place where 1 person can stop 99 people from  having an amendment. That is wrong.   In January, President Trump and Secretary Mattis announced the new  national defense strategy that rightfully identified that we are  returning to a world of great power and competition when dominated by  the capabilities relative to China and Russia. We talked about that,  the power they have. We have talked about an article that was written  just recently that said that if we got into a fight of Russia versus  NATO, most likely NATO would lose to Russia. We have watched China in  the South China Sea putting together islands where it is almost as if  they are preparing for World War III. I was there in the South China  Sea, and our people made it very clear--and I am talking about allies  of ours--that they are not sure which would win. We have China out  there illegally building islands and putting us in a position where we  don't really know what their intentions are. All we know is, everything  on those islands--we are talking about over 3,000 now--that they are  put in a position where they are preparing for a world war.   It is not like it used to be. Now we are in a situation where a  country can have a rocket that can hit an American city. So times have  changed. We need to be prepared to respond to threats of terrorism from  rogue states, like Iran and North Korea. The National Defense Strategy  is clear. We need to make strategic investments now in the areas where  we are falling behind--and we are behind.   Since the release of the National Defense Strategy, I have traveled  to visit our allies in both Eastern Europe and Asia. They all  understand the threat of growing aggression from China and Russia. I  have spoken with our commanders in the field, our military leaders, and  our troops in the mess halls in Afghanistan and all around the world.  Perhaps most importantly, you can really get more from them than you  can from a hearing here in Washington.   The Senate Armed Services Committee was tasked with implementing the  national defense strategy. The result is the John S. McCain National  Defense Authorization Act. We made tough choices about where and how to  invest our resources, but I am pleased with the work we have done to  restore America as the leader of the free world.   We are making the needed investments in training, maintenance, and  modernization. Any time you are starving the military, those are the  three areas you see first--maintenance and modernization and, of  course, that also means training. We are in the process of doing this,  and that is what this bill is all about. We are changing this. We have  addressed that by catching up where we were falling behind--artillery,  hypersonics, the nuclear triad.   Most people in the real world assume that America has the best system  of anybody else. Their systems--plural--are better.   Artillery, for example, is measured by rapid fire and range. In terms  of rapid fire and range, both Russia and China are better than we are.  Hypersonics is a new system, a weapon five times the speed of sound. It  is still under development. We are working on it. However, we are  behind both China and Russia. They are ahead of us in this training. In  the nuclear triad, we haven't done anything in the last 10 years, while  both China and Russia are actually ahead of us. It is not like it used  to be, where we did have the very best of everything.   So we are standing up to China by strengthening our position across  the Pacific region. This bill provides support to our allies who stand  up against China's military and economic coercion and procures  deployable airbase systems to enhance credible combat power.   The NDAA also calls out China for illegally creating fortified  islands in the South China Sea for military purposes. That is what they  are for. Nothing is on there, except preparing for some military  activity. The NDAA modernizes the Committee on Foreign Investment to  address national security concerns and to stop China from trying to  [[Page S3972]]  steal sensitive technology from the United States companies.   The NDAA counters Russia's growing aggression and influence across  Eastern Europe by directing a study on permanently stationing U.S.  forces in Poland and conducting a study on Russia's maligned influence  around the world. It continues limitations on U.S.-Russia military  cooperation, provides defensive lethal aid to Ukraine, and allows the  U.S. Cyber Command to respond to Russia's continued cyber attacks.   It keeps faith with our troops by providing a 2.6-percent military  pay raise, the highest in nearly 10 years, modernizing the officer  personnel system, and supporting our troops and military families.   There is no doubt in my mind that this bill will make American  families safer and will stand up for our democratic values around the  world.   I thank my partner in this, the Democratic leader of the committee.  He talked about the staff that we have been working with and  complimented them--John McCain's committee staff: Chris Brose, Samantha  Clark, Rachel Hoff, Mark Montgomery, Erik Swabb, James Hickey, Diem  Salmon, Greg Lilly, Adam Barker, Augusta Binns-Berkey, Lauren Davis,  Allen Edwards, Jackie Kerber, Matt Lampert, Allison Lazarus, John  Lehman, Daniel Lerner, Sean O'Keefe, Brad Patout, Jason Potter, Will  Quinn, Dustin Walker, Gwyneth Woolwine, Leah Brewer, Gabriel Noronha,  Nick Hatcher, Katie Magnus, Lindsay Markle, Cara Mumford, Madison  Sparber, and Arthur Tellis; from our staff: Luke Holland, Tony Pankuch,  Leacy Burke, Adrienne Jackson, Chris Ryan, and Laurie Fitch; and the  floor staff: Laura Dove, Robert Duncan, Chris Tuck, Tony Hanagan, Chloe  Barz, Mike Smith, and Katherine Kilroy. They have actually worked long,  long hours. On a bill like this, they are out there all night long.   But let me say, as I started, that there is something wrong with a  system that will allow one Member of the Senate to preclude 99 Members  from getting their amendments through. This is not right. I am not sure  how to resolve it, but I would just say--and I think that my good  friend from Rhode Island would agree--that we can work out something to  keep that from happening or to minimize it.   It is not quite as bad as it sounds, when we say we didn't have any  amendments on the floor. We had countless amendments in committee. We  had many amendments on the floor. There were 47 amendments that were  folded into the bill, and that is after it came to the floor. So we did  consider those, but we didn't vote on any amendments, and that is what  we should be doing. We stand here and plead with people to bring their  amendments down so we can have an open amendment process, and then one  person objects. There is something wrong with that system.   So I thank the chairman and the ranking member of the Senate Armed  Services Committee for their continued leadership. I thank my friend  from Rhode Island, Senator Reed, for his leadership and commitment to  bipartisan collaboration throughout the process. We shared a commitment  to open debate and amendments.   Secondly, and most significant, I recognize the chairman of the  Senate Armed Services Committee, Senator McCain, for his leadership.  Most of the stuff in this bill has come through the deliberation and  leadership of Senator McCain. We can clearly see that this bill  reflects his priorities and policy initiatives he has fought for as our  chairman. His commitment to government oversight and accountability and  American leadership around the world is evident on every page. We miss  his voice in the Chamber today, but today's vote is a true tribute to  his lasting legacy to our Nation, and I urge our colleagues to join me.   We are going to cast two votes. At some point in this process, I am  going to make another effort. We have a list of 47 amendments that have  been cleared on both sides, and Democrats and Republicans are all for  this. We want to have an opportunity to have these passed in a package.  I am hopeful that there will not be a Member of this body who will  object and object to 47 people having their amendments, which have been  cleared, actually pass.   We are getting close to the time when we will be voting. I think  there ought to be one last shot--maybe not. This is a very significant  vote coming up.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I have a bipartisan list of amendments  that have been cleared from both sides. We have been talking about  wanting to have these presented, and there is no objection to any of  them. So I ask unanimous consent that notwithstanding the adoption of  the substitute amendment, the amendments be called up en bloc. There  are 44 amendments. I further ask consent that these amendments be  agreed to en bloc and the motions to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table. I send the list to the desk.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Richard J.  Schrider, a legislative fellow in the office of Senator Ernst, be  granted floor privileges for the remainder of the 115th Congress.   