 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman  from Kentucky for organizing this evening and talking about how the Tax  Cuts and Jobs Act is helping the hardworking people of Tennessee.   I think we all know that, in December, with President Trump's strong  support, this Congress passed the first major reform of our Tax Code in  31 years. We all knew that bringing these historic changes to the Tax  Code would improve the quality of life for Tennesseans and millions of  Americans. Quite frankly, the Tax Code is simpler and fairer to  everyone.   Jobs are being created, and paychecks are bigger. We are all enjoying  a robust economy that is the best it has been in a long time. Just last  week, in my district in west Tennessee, in the Eighth Congressional  District of Tennessee, two major announcements were made in my  district. In Lake County, Excel Boat Company announced they will be  opening a manufacturing plant that will bring 200 good-paying jobs and  a total economic development investment of $9 million.   Additionally, in my district, a South Korean manufacturer announced a  $13 million investment in Martin, Tennessee, and 220 job opportunities  at the company's first United States-based location.    Prior to that, just 1 month after the passage of the Tax Cuts and  Jobs Act, FedEx announced an investment of more than $200 million to  raise wages for their employees. Then 2 months later, FedEx continued  their post-tax reform action and committed over $1 billion to expand  their express hub in Memphis.   Another company in the Eighth Congressional District, Dot Foods,  which has a location in Dyersburg, Tennessee, announced $500 in bonuses  for each of their 4,800 full-time employees nationwide.   I am also proud of First Horizon Corporation, also known as First  Tennessee Bank, which is based in Tennessee, with branches all across  the  [[Page H3774]]  Volunteer State. They invested tax reform savings in their workforce.  Not only did the bank give eligible employees a bonus, they also  increased their minimum wage to $15 an hour. This was because of tax  reform.   Now, a way to raise the minimum wage is to increase economic  opportunities, economic possibilities, just, frankly, making the  economic environment better.   Then there was the announcement by Tyson Foods, who gave a bonus to  their frontline workers, or, as they call them, the backbone of their  business. I have got a chart here of Tennessee, and you can see that,  in Tennessee, the typical family of four is going to see a tax cut of  over $2,000. That is real money.   I think about an employer that I visited with in my district who  said--he may have 8 or 10 employees--he said he noticed when he was  doing his employees' payroll--and they get paid each and every week--he  noticed they were getting an additional $15 to $20 per week. So, if  somebody is getting an additional $20 per week per pay period, that is  $1,000 a year.   The typical family of four in Tennessee is getting a tax cut of  $2,023. Think of it this way: across the Nation, across our country,  more than 4 million workers and counting have received a bonus, a pay  raise, or increased retirement benefits.   Mr. Speaker, it is becoming increasingly clear that tax reform is  working and the America economic engine is off and running again. The  most recent Federal jobs report shows the fastest wage growth since the  2008 recession, and the unemployment rate has dropped to a 17-year low.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Speaker Ryan. I want to thank Chairman  Brady and especially President Donald Trump on their leadership in  passing this landmark legislation. And, again, I want to thank the  gentleman from Kentucky for all of his help in organizing tonight to  remind the people of this country the hard work that the President has  done, the hard work that this Congress has done--the House of  Representatives, and the Senate--so that we can improve our economy and  we can return hard-earned money to the people, because they best know  how to spend their money, not the bureaucrats in Washington.   