 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, you know that he may call himself a freshman, but Mr.  Ferguson--Dr. Ferguson has made his weight felt around here since day  one. He ran on a commonsense platform that said: Dadgummit, let's just  go and get something done. Let's go and make a difference. Let's stop  fussing about it. Let's start doing something about it.   He has developed a reputation as a doer, and I am proud to serve with  him. I appreciate him putting together this opportunity tonight.   Mr. Speaker, we talk about tax reform as if it is a line item  somewhere. The truth is that it is a feeling. It is a collective sigh  of relief that has gone on in every single congressional district  represented here.   We have all gotten those calls. I got one just the other day, Mr.  Speaker, from a father whose adult daughter had fallen on hard times  and has a tough time making the bills work. As someone who had been  strapped for the last, 6, 7, 8 years, he was trying to figure out how  he was going to help his daughter make the bill balance when he wound  up with $1,000 bonus from one of our local employers. It came at  exactly the right time to make a difference in his family's life.   It is that collective sigh of relief that better days are coming  tomorrow than we had yesterday. I have heard it from the biggest  companies in the district and I have heard it from the smallest  companies in the district.   The Home Depot is a proud Georgia company. My friend, Mr. Loudermilk  mentioned it is headquartered in his district. We have got about seven  stores in my district and a distribution facility in our district. Mr.  Speaker, $1,000 bonuses from The Home Depot went not to their upper- level management employees, but to their rank-and-file hourly employees  at the store. That is real money in somebody's pocket back home. Now,  that's just the kind of company that Home Depot is.   We remember that during the economic crisis, when folks were cutting  back on everything to try to make the books balance. They kept that  program going on Saturday mornings, where you could come out with your  kids, where you could build a birdhouse together, where you could build  a train together, where you could come together as a family. Even when  you didn't have enough dollars to go to a ball game, you could come to  your local Home Depot and be present with your children. That is the  kind of company they are.   Same thing with UPS. My friend from Georgia knows, UPS has a proud  tradition. We won them over from Connecticut. Years ago, Oz Nelson made  that decision. Folks in UPS brown, 1,700 employees in my district, are  getting bonuses because UPS now has more money to go around.   Now, all the money didn't go into bonuses. Let's be clear, it didn't.  UPS put $5 billion in their pension fund.   Mr. Speaker, how many times have we talked about pension funds being  underfunded in this country and wanting somebody to do something about  it?   UPS got some extra dollars and they put those dollars in the pension  fund for their employees.   They announced last month, Mr. Speaker, 14 additional 747 purchases.  Now, Boeing is not headquartered in my district, but if you live in  Washington State or you live in South Carolina, the news that 14 more  planes are going to be purchased means something to those families, to  those suppliers, to those subcontractors.   Four new 767s being purchased as a result of extra money that wasn't  coming to the Federal Government that is, instead, being reinvested.   My friend from Georgia said it best: companies are now, for the first  time in a long time, making decisions based on what is best for them,  for their customers, for their employees, and for their communities.   Mr. Speaker, we can argue about what kind of public policy we should  have, but can't we agree that one where we are prioritizing people and  communities first is one that we can all be proud of?  [[Page H1688]]    I was pleased to support the bill. I am pleased to be down here with  my friend from Georgia tonight talking about the impacts. I am grateful  both to the Chair, Mr. Speaker, and to my friend from Georgia, for your  leadership on this tax reform issue, for making it possible.   