 Mr. President, today I want to make a few remarks on S.  2155, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection  Act.   Section 213 of S. 2155, making online banking initiation legal and  easy--the intent of this provision, which I introduced as an amendment  during Committee consideration of S. 2155, is to facilitate the ability  of financial institutions to reach new and potentially underserved  consumers by making it possible to offer products and services to  consumers through online and mobile applications. I would like to  clarify that, with respect to references in this provision to  ``copies,'' ``scans,'' or other reproductions of a consumer's  government-issued identification, this is, intended to apply to all  methods of obtaining information from an identification card, including  color and black-and-white copies.   Section 215 of S. 2155, reducing identity fraud--with respect to  section 215 of the bill, ``reducing identity fraud,'' the intent is to  provide options for permitted entities to crosscheck consumer  information with the Social Security Administration, SSA, in such a way  that is efficient for those entities, as well as the SSA. In  particular, the intent of this provision is to allow a service provider  or other permitted entity to contact the SSA's Consent Based Social  Security Number Verification database pursuant to appropriate consent  provided to a permitted entity--such as a creditor--and to then provide  the ``yes/no'' response from SSA to permitted entities who request such  information in the future. In this way, creditors can receive the  important validation of a name, date of birth, and Social Security  number as part of the consumer report they receive when underwriting a  credit application. This would result in fewer inquiries made to and  received by the SSA. Furthermore, as mentioned, this provision would  require consumer consent as part of the normal credit application  process, similar to how creditors request consumer consent to obtain  consumer credit reports in connection with an application. Under  section 215, consumer consent can now be given via electronic signature  obtained by the creditor or other permitted entities. Nothing in this  provision would require consumers to fill out extra forms, provide  extra signatures, or do anything that would significantly alter their  expectations for a seamless application experience. The goal is to  inform consumers of the possible inquiry to the SSA and allow them to  provide consent via the chosen method by the creditor, which now  includes electronic signature.   The second point I would like to clarify regarding section 215 is the  importance of ensuring the SSA will implement this section with all  deliberate speed, with no unreasonable delay to the process. As the  author of this provision, it is my expectation that the SSA will have  the database described in this section operational within 1 year of the  bill's enactment, assuming the appropriate reserve of user fees. Every  day that goes by without the  [[Page S1715]]  SSA implementing the changes called for in section 215 will lead to  more children unknowingly becoming victims of synthetic identity theft  and having their credit ruined.   Section 310 of S. 2155, credit score competition--the word  ``competition'' in the title of section 310, ``credit score  competition,'' is the heart of the intent of this part of the bill.   When enacted into law, Section 310 will put in place a mechanism by  which credit score model developers may submit their models to Fannie  Mae and Freddie Mac for validation for use by the enterprises, if the  models meet validation criteria that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have  established. Lenders will be able to choose the model that they wish to  use. The end result of enactment of section 310 of S. 2155 will be a  competitive market between the developers of empirically derived,  demonstrably predictive, and statistically sound credit scoring models,  with appropriate regulatory oversight from the Federal Housing Finance  Agency under which both consumers and lenders would benefit. A lack of  such a market thus far in the mortgage finance arena has stifled  innovation in credit scoring.   Section 310 allows for more than one credit score model provider to  have a validated model for use by the enterprises. The Director of the  FHFA is given the responsibility to see that the validation process is  undertaken in a timely manner for all applicants and that the  methodology and results behind each validation decision is released to  the public.   Unlike the request for input the FHFA issued in December 2017 on this  subject, section 310 does not make specific reference to any credit  score model provider. That is deliberate. Section 310 opens the  enterprises up to use any model that is able to pass the validation  process.   Some critics have raised the specter that providing mortgage lenders  the opportunity to choose among credit scoring models validated and  approved by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac might trigger ``a race to the  bottom.'' That is prohibited under section 310, as validated models are  first deemed to not threaten the safety and soundness of the  enterprises in order to be used.   