 Mr. President, reserving the right to object and to take  a couple minutes to give the Members the facts they need to make a  decision tonight, I want to say a couple things.   I am chairman of the Veterans' Affairs Committee. There are many  Members in this Chamber who know their responsibility to that committee  is greater than any other. I come down tonight to speak on an issue  that has been bothering me and has been festering for years, but nobody  has ever done anything about it. Nobody has ever done the hard work of  saying this is what we need to do, and this is why we need to do it  this way.   Well, the House has finally done it this year, and we have done it.   Granted, this is a UC motion and not a debate on the floor. It is  because we finally addressed all the issues everybody said about the  blue water bill that they didn't like, except that some people would  like to say it differently.   Some people want another study even though we have studied it enough  to do it. Some people want to wait until the VA says they need to do  this, that, or the other. Some people say the VA could call and will  tell you the other. Somebody said we don't even have the right numbers  of how many people this might affect. Nobody has the right number about  how many people will get sick in the future from a disease we don't  know exists until the time they contract it.   What happened in this case is very simple. The Veterans'  Administration, years ago, decided if someone contracted one of the  cancers of which a contributing factor was napalm and Agent Orange,  they qualified for benefits, except if they served on the blue water,  which is not the rivers, and didn't serve on the ground, then they  didn't. So in other words, we have ground troops who fought in Vietnam.  We have river fighters in Vietnam who get the benefit. If you served on  a Navy ship carrying napalm, but you never touched the ground and only  stayed on the blue water, you are not eligible. So we have two classes  of victims who are veterans of the United States of America who fought  and risked their lives who have been trying for years to get an equal  treatment with their other brothers.  [[Page S7380]]    This was done for many. I am not going to go over the things I have  heard because some of them are outrageous. Nonetheless, everybody  looked for a way to try and get some of the benefit back once the VA  had it taken over.   What the Congress is about to do--and the House has now passed a bill  unanimously this year that will benefit this motion. The Senate has had  two hearings, and we have done a lot of work on it. I have done a lot  of work on it because I knew how big the issue was. I talked to the  people in the VA. I realize everybody in here can go find somebody who  says they don't like it. There are people at the VA who don't like it,  but let me tell you what I don't like: I don't like having two classes  of beneficiaries for disease and health. I don't like not shooting  straight with the same people who ought to qualify for the same thing.  I really don't like putting off the decision 1 more year until we get  one more study. This thing has been studied as long as it needs to be  studied. We have the best information we possibly can get. I tried my  best to give some of the Members the exact information they asked me  for, but the CVA will not give it to me because they don't have it  because it is predictive in the future, not present experience.   So I would ask every Member, before they consider casting a ``no''  vote against this UC, to think about what you are doing. You are saying  no to those who had a benefit taken away from them by the VA itself.  You are putting off a decision we are going to have to make in the  future. You are not allowing us to do what we really ought to do. I  would ask each of you to search your heart, search your past, and think  about the veterans in your State and cast a vote for doing the right  thing for the right people at the right time and not object to the  motion made by the Senator from New York.   I have no objection.   