 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Chairman Shuster and  Ranking Member DeFazio for their hard work, and also Mr. Larsen as  well.   I have to confess that mentally in my mind I have a list of  Republicans I wish wouldn't run for office again, but I am proud and  happy to say that, Mr. Shuster, you are not on that list. I just want  to congratulate you on your good work not only on this bill, but in the  past on a lot of issues that affect not only the constituents in your  district, but also people across this country. Thank you for your  service.   I was hoping that I might come to the floor today to talk about ways  that we might prevent terrorists and criminal organizations from  registering aircraft in the United States. There is a Department of  Transportation Inspector General report that is well known to Members  here that basically lays out the case for more closely scrutinizing the  registration of U.S. aircraft. They came up with a few glaring examples  that I will mention here.   Recently, it was discovered that Hezbollah, through a front person,  also from Lebanon, registered an aircraft here in the United States  with no landing permit. In addition, we had another aircraft registered  through the FAA through Wells Fargo Bank, which we understand was  located in Tripoli International Airport in Libya, with no landing  permit, just hours before the U.N. Security Council met to approve a  no-fly zone over that country.   Similarly, we had an aircraft owned by the brother of Ghana's  president but registered by the Bank of Utah, which mysteriously  appeared in Tehran, Iran, in 2014, bearing an American flag emblem.  This occurred, obviously, in the midst of U.S. and international  sanctions. Prohibiting the travel of U.S. aircraft to Iran was the law  at that point. The FAA could not explain who was operating the plane or  who owned it, and the lack of transparency and accountability in the  FAA's registration system is a serious national security threat.   Now, there was a time when Democrats and Republicans could work on  amendments like that and they would  [[Page H3681]]  be accepted. I am still mystified as to where the opposition came from.   Also, public health and safety demands that the FAA take immediate  steps to mitigate the impact of concentrated flight paths which come in  and out of major airports around the country. They have got a new  system called a NextGen RNAV system that concentrates the flights over  very narrow strips of neighborhoods and in the areas adjacent to those  airports. And we can do a lot, Mr. Chairman, to mitigate that damage.  But that is not in this bill.   What I am here to talk about is retrofitting aircraft with noise  mitigation devices known as vortex generators. These devices are  lightweight and divert wind from the vents on the underside of an  aircraft's wing to significantly reduce noise during descent. European  carriers such as Lufthansa, British Airways, and Air France have  already adapted their older Airbus aircraft with these devices, and new  models now come equipped with them. My amendment, which is cosponsored  by several of my colleagues on the Congressional Quiet Skies Caucus,  would ensure that American air carriers are following suit.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this  amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Washington (Mr. Larsen).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   