 Mr. Speaker, for reasons well explained by the preceding  speakers, I am pleased to join in supporting this resolution and to  commend Mr. Chabot for introducing it. I was pleased to introduce it  along with him and along with the chair, the ranking member, and  several other Members of this House.   This resolution deals with Burma, whose government chooses to call  itself Myanmar, but we officially take the position that the country  retains its name of Burma. This resolution calls out the Burmese  military for their acts of ethnic cleansing against the Rohingya and  highlights the cases of two journalists who were imprisoned for simply  trying to shed light on these historic stories.   One of my priorities as ranking member of the Asia and the Pacific  Subcommittee has been to focus attention on the 700,000 Rohingya who  have been forced to flee Burma and relocate to Bangladesh, one of the  world's poorest countries.   They have not fled because they wanted to leave home. They have not  fled because Bangladesh is someplace where it is easy to make a living.  They have fled to refugee camps because they have no choice, for the  Rohingya communities have faced widespread attacks, rapes, killings,  and burning of villages, all orchestrated by the Burmese military.   Not only that, but the Burmese State takes the position that the  Rohingya are not citizens of their country because they can't prove  that their great-grandparents were born in the country.   So, if someone is born in Burma, their parents were born in Burma,  they could even prove their grandparents were born in Burma, they are  denied a Burmese passport.   Now, this resolution uses the term ``genocide,'' not a word we should  throw around, but in this case it is clearly a test that has been met.   In reports by the Public International Law & Policy Group and by our  own Holocaust museum, the evidence is there that the United Nations'  definition of genocide has been met.   The United Nations' Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of  the Crime of Genocide defines ``genocide'' as acts committed with the  intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnic, racial, or  religious group. That is exactly what the Burmese military is doing,  and denying citizenship is just part of that effort.   This resolution sends an important message to the Burmese military,  and it also focuses on two Reuters journalists who exposed the mass  murder in the village of Indin. Those two journalists are Wa Lone and  Kyaw Soe Oo, who were interviewing eyewitnesses to this crime. This is  part of the Burmese genocide of the Rohingya.   But instead of applauding their bravery, the Burmese Government  arrested them and accused them of violating the Official Secrets Act.  Of course, we understand that a government that is committing genocide  wants to declare that genocide to be a state secret.   And so, for that as their only crime, these two journalists have been  sentenced to 7 years of hard labor in prison.   There is only one just outcome here. State Counselor Aung San Suu Kyi  and President Win Myint must pardon these journalists. They must  acknowledge that the Burmese military is committing atrocities against  the Rohingya. They must provide the Rohingya papers of citizenship.   We need to pass this resolution, hopefully unanimously, to say that  genocide must be stopped and the two journalists must be released.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Royce for introducing H.  Res. 1149, which recognizes the importance of our alliance with South  Korea.   As ranking member of the Asia and the Pacific Subcommittee and a  member of the Congressional Caucus on Korea, I am pleased to cosponsor  this resolution with several other Members of Congress.   The U.S. and South Korea share common values--democracy, commitment  to justice--but we also share a unique bond of history. The United  States military and South Korean troops fought side by side to defend  the Korean Peninsula before the Armistice Agreement of 1953. Today, we  continue to cooperate in order to defend the Korean Peninsula. In fact,  South Korea currently hosts 28,500 American Active Duty military  personnel.   Only 35 miles separate Seoul from North Korea, and when I was there  with the chairman, we noticed that property values are considerably  lower on the north side of Seoul than on the south side of Seoul. While  we have substantial conventional forces there, no number of soldiers  can deal with the biggest threat from North Korea; namely, its nuclear  arsenal.   Now, I know it has been tweeted that we no longer face a nuclear  threat from North Korea, would that that be so. Secretary of State  Pompeo has recently stated that North Korea continues to make more  fissile material, no doubt using that to make more nuclear bombs, even  several every year. And satellite imagery shows that North Korea is  continuing to build and expand bases for intercontinental ballistic  missiles.   So we are standing shoulder to shoulder with South Korea, but we face  a real threat from North Korea, and we will not be able to deal with  that threat without the assistance of both South Korea and Japan.   This resolution reaffirms the need for the United States and South  Korea to stand shoulder to shoulder in continuing to apply necessary  economic pressure on North Korea. Toward that end, I would say that we  have scaled back in substance, if not in legal form, our sanctions  against North Korea, perhaps falsely believing that a few words  exchanged in Singapore are a reason to do so.   Recently, we have sent a letter to the administration, a bipartisan  letter urging them to sanction major Chinese banks, not just small  ones, that have done business with North Korea in violation of U.S. law  and U.N. sanctions.   Now, it is important also to look at the Korean American community,  and I am pleased that the resolution recognizes the importance of the  bridges created by the American Korean community between the United  States and the Republic of Korea.   I recently led a letter urging President Trump and President Moon to  make a major priority among North Korea, the United States, and South  Korea allowing American citizens, some 100,000 of them, who have  relatives in North Korea to at least be allowed to visit their  relatives and, even before that, at least be allowed to talk to them  over the phone. We must recognize the potential for the Korean American  community to serve the cause of peace and to help establish a dialogue.   Again, I thank Chairman Royce for his leadership on this measure and  urge its adoption.    Mr. Speaker, as ranking member of the Asia and the  Pacific Subcommittee, I rise to support H. Res. 1157, which reaffirms  the strong commitment of the United States to the countries and  territories of the Pacific Islands region. I want to applaud  Representative Bordallo for introducing this, and I am proud to join  with others as a cosponsor.   First, this resolution sends an important message to the 300,000  Americans who call the region home. Our fellow Americans in Guam, the  Northern Mariana Islands, and American Samoa, for them, this measure  recognizes that they are a critical part of our Nation's fabric.   Indeed, when North Korea threatened to launch missiles at a U.S.  territory, it said that it would hit Guam. We cannot forget about these  Pacific territories and, in Congress, we have an obligation to make  sure that their voices are heard in these Halls.   This resolution also specifically encourages continued support for  the Compacts of Free Association which we currently have with the  Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands,  and Palau. Currently, the United States provides, under these compacts,  essential governmental functions, including defense.   While our compact with Palau was recently renewed, the Compacts of  Free Association with the Federated States of Micronesia and the  Marshall Islands will expire in 2023. We in Congress should not wait.  We should ensure that the compacts are expeditiously renewed. These  arrangements not only help encourage the development of Palau,  Micronesia, and the Marshall Islands, but also serve our core national  security interests.   I know firsthand that we cannot take our Pacific partnerships for  granted--not just in the compact states, but across the region, because  other states around the region are facing entreaties from the Chinese  Government.   The Chinese Government states that the Pacific Islands are a core  component of their One Belt, One Road initiative, which seeks to  ensnare small nations into Beijing's debt traps.   We know that China is stepping up its military involvement in the  region, recently placing acoustic sensors in the Mariana Trench to  track American submarine movements.   As the resolution recognizes, the solution to this challenge is for  the U.S. to strengthen its engagement. We must ``increase the frequency  of high-level bilateral and multilateral visits with leaders of Pacific  Islands'' and find issues to work on in common.   For example, many of the Pacific Island nations face an existential  threat from rising sea levels. Accordingly, this resolution calls for  us to work with these countries to address the negative impacts of  climate change. Many of the territories or islands of these countries  actually face submersion as a result of rising sea levels. In doing so,  we would work with our partners around the world.   While China employs bully tactics to unilaterally assert itself in  the Pacific, the United States sets an example by working closely with  the island nations and with Australia and New Zealand to promote  sustainable development across the region.   I want to thank Representative Bordallo again for her leadership on  this issue. This resolution is an overdue affirmation of our commitment  to the prosperity of the American territories in the Pacific and to the  strengthening of the relationships between the United States and the  nations of the region.   