 Mr. President, over the last couple of weeks, many of us  have had an opportunity to spend more time at home than we do just  going back and forth a few days a week.   While I was there, I had the opportunity to talk to small business  owners, employees--people who are seeing their paychecks for the first  time reflecting what we have done with the tax bill. Both in my  hometown of Springfield, MO, and around our State, I also heard a level  of optimism that was very encouraging.   One of the people I talked to was on the national board of  manufacturers. A recent poll of the manufacturers looking at their  confidence level reflected that it was the highest it has ever been in  all of the time they have been polling on how they see the future.   Mr. President, where you and I live, in an economy that makes things  and grows things, we always do better. We are a productive part of the  country. We don't do quite as well in an advice economy, but we are not  opposed to an advice-giving economy. We have people who give advice.  But, frankly, if you put that on top of truly productive capacity and a  marketplace that meets that capacity, we always do very well.   As I talked to people, I heard consistently two reasons that people  feel their optimism is justified and understandably growing. One reason  is the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. No matter what was said about the Tax  Cuts and Jobs Act, people who were told it wouldn't help them are  finding out, when they get their first paychecks, that it is helping  them. People who were told that the  [[Page S2062]]  investment opportunities that would encourage them to grow their small  businesses wouldn't be there for them are finding out that they are  there for them, and they see those things coming. The economy is  generally seeing money stay where we live that otherwise would have  gone to Washington, DC. Forty-three different entities have come to our  offices with ideas about what they are doing.   The 53,000 State employees in our State--the payroll deduction would  indicate that this year, $32\1/2\ million from just that group of  employees that was sent to Washington, DC, last year--it will stay in  Missouri this year.   I mentioned on the floor not too long ago that one of our counties  had reported that their county payroll--that the average county  employee would take home $1,800 more this year, with the same paycheck  to start with. That is beyond what they would have taken home last  year. For all of those county employees put together, in Boone County,  MO, it would mean that $946,000 will stay in Boone County that  previously would have gone to Washington, DC. That makes a difference  in the economy of the county because there are a lot of other people  beyond those 485 employees who see the same kinds of things happening  to them, but it really makes a difference for families. That take-home  pay difference that some people here in the Senate and other places in  this building would suggest won't matter to families--it turns out it  matters a lot. And I will say again that it particularly matters a lot  if you don't have it. If you have all kinds of money, it is easy to  say: Well, $200 a month--what difference does that make? Let me assure  you, it makes a difference if you don't have it. Lots of families and  individuals are beginning to see the ability to do more things with  their own money.   The second thing I consistently heard about was just the difference  in the regulation atmosphere. Earlier this week, a dozen Federal  agencies came together in an effort to improve the environmental review  process to allow infrastructure projects to go on more quickly--not  only to diminish the time it takes to get a project started but also to  be able to, with more certainty, go out and start the process of  bidding and acquiring and the things you need to do to make that  happen.   There were a dozen Federal agencies working together with a common  purpose, asking: What can we do to make this system work better? We  have had up to 29 statutes and 5 Executive orders that resulted in a  number of different decisions under Federal law that allow those  projects to move forward more quickly.   We had a discussion in the Commerce Committee this morning with one  of the nominees for the Surface Transportation Board who had been  instrumental in helping put together a more streamlined way to get  things done if, for instance, you were putting something back exactly  where it had been. It makes sense to everybody in America that if you  are building a bridge where there was a bridge, it should take less of  an environmental impact study than if you are building a bridge where  there has never been a bridge before. But until right now, those two  things were not treated in a significantly different way; they were  treated in the same way. Now, because of legislation that we passed and  the President signed, they will be treated in a different way, as they  should have been.   Location is a great advantage to our whole country. Again, in the  middle of the country, where I live, I have seen--I think it may be our  greatest competitive advantage--access not only to the national  marketplace but to the world marketplace. Generally, we have the same  things in America. Things that allow us to put infrastructure in place  more readily and make it more affordable to get it done in a quicker  way are all good things.   This week, one of the nominees we will be voting on is the Deputy  Administrator for the Environmental Protection Agency. Over the last  decade, based on theirs own estimate, the Environmental Protection  Agency imposed somewhere between $43 and $51 billion in regulatory  costs annually. You have to be an incredibly strong economy to absorb  another $50 billion in regulatory costs from one agency. And that is  their estimate; you could get other estimates that say: Oh, no, it is  going to be a lot more costly than that. These are the costs they are  willing to admit to.   The current administration has turned the page. I hope that the new  Deputy Administrator becomes an active part of that. I think the EPA  has been on the forefront of really looking at the kinds of things that  are holding back the economy and trying to do things that make sense.   The EPA Administrator, Administrator Pruitt, quickly got on the job  of dismantling two of the most costly and burdensome regulations that  may have ever been proposed by any Federal agency. One is the waters of  the United States, where the EPA decided that virtually all of the  water in the country was somehow related to navigable water. Some of it  might eventually run into navigable water, but the law says that the  EPA has the authority to regulate navigable water.   The EPA said: Oh, no, that means any water that could ever run into  any water that could ever run into any water that could ever run into  navigable water.   In our State, that meant that 99.7 percent of the State would have  been under the EPA authority, if they wanted to exercise it, for things  that would have slowed down the economy, made it harder to resurface  your driveway or dig a utility pole or put fertilizer on your field or  get a building permit.   It was a ridiculous proposal, and Administrator Pruitt and the EPA  understood that it is ridiculous--just as, by the way, the courts did.  The reason this had not gone into effect yet is largely because the  courts basically said to the EPA, in many instances: You don't have the  authority to do that. This change was made because the EPA realized  that they didn't have the authority. Frankly, if they did have the  authority, it would have been a bad idea.   There was a power plan that would have been so excessive that, in the  State where I live, the utility bill would have doubled in about 10 or  12 years--a power plan that would have added up to $39 billion in  compliance costs, every single penny of which would have been passed  along in your utility bill and mine, all of it added to the utility  bill in ways that just, frankly, didn't make sense.   The EPA has moved away from that but not away from the idea of  regulation or environmental control. In fact, Administrator Pruitt came  to the Thomas Hill Energy Center in our State in April of last year to  hear directly from workers, from the electric co-op members that  provide electricity to many of our rural residents, and from ag leaders  about the impact of that. He listened to that and went back--I am sure  he did that in other places--and withdrew that rule but at the same  time proposed a solution for West Lake Landfill, which has been on the  critical ``we need to take care of this'' list for 30 years.   The job of the EPA is not to strangle the economy. The job of the EPA  is to make the environment more protected by doing the things that the  EPA was designed to do. I think that is what they have been doing-- looking at the rules that don't make sense, trying to be sure that we  don't do things at the Federal level that cost people their jobs, their  livelihood, and their opportunities for no reason at all.   I had a meeting this week--it was Friday a week ago--at the Missouri  State University, where the head of the Missouri Department of  Agriculture, Chris Chinn, and the Missouri Farm Bureau president, Blake  Hurst, and I answered questions for about 45 minutes from a crowd there  to talk about agriculture and the future of agriculture. Not a single  question was asked about the farm bill. The questions were basically  about trade, rural broadband, and regulation. I think you could go to  lots of other places and say: What do you want to talk about that you  are most concerned about with the Federal Government, and two or three  of those topics would come up again.   Last year the Senate used the Congressional Review Act to block 15  new major rules that had come up late in the previous administration.  That act had been used exactly one time since it was put into law, in  1995 or 1996. It had been used exactly one time during the entire life  of the law until we were able to look at it and use it 15 times last  year to eliminate rules that would  [[Page S2063]]  have cost our economy $36 billion in compliance costs. They were not  rules that we had before. In the case of the last administration, the  country had gone along without these rules even being proposed for 7\1/ 2\ years but, suddenly, on the way out the door, there were all these  new things that would have held the economy back in a way that,  frankly, nobody would want to have to do if they were still there to  take responsibility for it. So we are looking at what we can do in  regulation, looking at what we can do in transportation, looking at  what we can do to make us more competitive and allow things to happen  so the taxpayers have the benefit of a process that works for them  instead of a process that works with them.   Rolling back unnecessary redtape isn't just important for  infrastructure. It isn't just important for individuals. It is also  important for strengthening our economy. I think we are seeing that  happen. These people who are willing to serve, like some of the  individuals we will be voting on this week, are people who are willing  to give of themselves and their time, their effort, and their energy to  work for the citizens of our country. We should be grateful to them,  but we should also be sure that we are watching carefully to be sure  that they continue to do the kinds of things that create opportunity  and competition.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   