 Mr. President, I join my colleagues on the floor this  afternoon to address the mounting concerns we have with the foreign  policy of the Trump administration. I want to thank my colleague,  Senator Menendez of New Jersey, the ranking member of the Foreign  Relations Committee, and comment at the outset on two things that have  been widely said that I don't think are true.   First is that Democrats are bottling up the President's vitally  needed nominees for senior ambassadorial positions  [[Page S1824]]  or senior Department of State nominations and that we are holding key  nominees.   Frankly, nothing could be further from the truth. Earlier today, in a  business meeting, our Foreign Relations Committee, which works well on  a bipartisan basis, voted out a whole series of Ambassadors, treaties,  and Assistant Secretaries of State.   Second, I heard it said by some pundits that Democrats wish President  Trump ill, that we are working to do everything we can to hold him back  and prevent him from being successful.   Let me start by saying that I think all of us know that we are  strongest when we stand together and work together. All of us have at  some point heard the old adage that politics should stop at the water's  edge, and nothing would make me happier then to see our foreign policy,  our military, and our diplomatic efforts succeed around the world.   I do not wish our President ill or our State Department a lack of  success, but I think it deserves mentioning for the few minutes I am  taking on the floor today that President Trump, who promised as a  candidate to be unpredictable and nontraditional, has overperformed in  that category. His foreign policy has been defined by inconsistency,  volatility, unpredictability, and at times, a failure to advance our  values. This comes exactly at a time, as my colleague from Connecticut  was just reciting, when our allies and partners crave stability and  leadership and when the threats to our democratic way of life from  Russia and China are on the rise.   Trump's ``shock and awe'' style of governing was demonstrated  recently by his abrupt firing of the Secretary of State in a tweet and  his further humiliation of the Secretary of State in stories that  dribbled out about exactly how and when and where he was fired. We  should not be conducting foreign policy in the same way that one might  host a reality TV show like ``The Apprentice.''   In just a year, as I have attended a variety of conferences and  meetings around the world, I have been struck by the number of ways in  which the President has undermined alliances and friendships that have  taken decades to build. Let me briefly review a few of the ways our  European and Asian allies have been puzzled or confounded--by our  withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership; by imposing a travel  plan on citizens from majority Muslim countries; by withdrawing from  the Paris climate accord; by imposing tariffs on steel and aluminum,  including against our close North American and European allies; by  questioning our commitments to NATO; and by denigrating an entire  continent when discussing the value of potential immigrants from  Africa.    Real and consistent leadership around the world that reflects  American values is needed now more than ever. In the dozen countries I  have visited for regional security conferences in the past year, I have  heard the same from our vital allies. Senator McCain and I traveled to  Halifax in Canada and to Singapore in Southeast Asia for a series of  bilateral meetings of representatives of close and trusted allies.  Senator Flake and I have traveled to Africa. Senator Graham and I have  traveled to the Middle East. In all of these trips, what I have heard  is that our allies are concerned, that they need reassurance about how  and where we stand, and that in many cases, yes, they are beginning to  move on past us and to reach accommodations with China or Russia,  having concluded that we are not committed to engagement with the  world.   Every time I go on a visit to a foreign embassy--an embassy of the  United States overseas--I sit down with our Foreign Service officers  and I ask about their work and service, and I am overwhelmingly  impressed with the professionalism and dedication of our career  development professionals and our diplomats. Yet, overwhelmingly, the  big number of vacancies at the State Department and a budget that  proposes a more than 30-percent cut in the State Department and USAID  have had a significant, demoralizing impact on these people whom we  count on to advance America's interest and values around the world.   Let me also say briefly that on the continent of Africa, where I have  spent a great deal of my time on the Foreign Relations Committee, we  are missing Ambassadors to some of the biggest and most important  countries--South Africa and Tanzania being just two, for example. It is  a continent where China's pervasive presence is not being countered by  an America that is robustly engaged. Why does this matter? Because in  this century, Africa will become the fastest growing and largest market  for our goods and should be the continent in which we have the closest  alliances and partnership. But instead of building partnerships and  helping to extend markets here at home, the Trump administration is  squandering the current momentum and watching from the sidelines as  democratic norms deteriorate.   As a member of both the Appropriations and Foreign Relations  Committees, I was gravely concerned that for a second year in a row,  the Trump administration budget proposed deep cuts in diplomacy and  development. We must recognize that while these investments serve a  humanitarian purpose, they also make us stronger by spreading American  values, safer by building coalitions, less susceptible to terrorism by  creating a more stable world, and more prosperous by creating stronger  export markets for our goods. If we want to remain a global leader, we  need a strong State Department and USAID that are sufficiently funded.   Let me turn to the matter of Russia before I conclude. Throughout his  administration, President Trump has not only turned away from some of  our critical allies and weakened our commitments to international  coalitions but has also refused to head-on, clearly address the real  and multifaceted threats we face from Russia.   Russia's activities, as has been testified to by senior  administration officials over many hearings, now are directly  interfering with our democracy--our last election and likely our next  election, as well as those of our closest allies throughout the world.  Rather than sending a clear and forceful signal to Russia that our  political affairs are not to be meddled with, President Trump has  instead at times turned aside from this challenge and failed to address  it.   Let me conclude by simply saying that now more than ever, the United  States must lead in the world, and I look forward to working with my  colleagues on the Foreign Relations Committee on a bipartisan basis to  advance our interests.   Thank you, Mr. President.   With that, I yield the floor.   