 Madam President, our Nation's middle class was built by  the hard work of American workers. At a time when our country has  become increasingly polarized, we should all be able to agree that  everybody should have a fair chance to succeed if they are willing to  work hard and play by the rules.   These truly American values have inspired generations of workers who  stand together and collectively bargain for basic workplace protections  such as fair wages, safe workplaces, and reasonable hours. These  protections allow American workers and their families to be productive  members of the economy and achieve their version of the American dream,  but the American dream only exists if hard work is rewarded with the  opportunity to earn a good living, provide for your loved ones, and,  when it is all said and done, be able to retire with dignity.   This is deeply personal to me. As a nurse's aide, my mother found  opportunity and led the effort to organize her workplace. She went on  to serve as an SEIU union steward.   Unfortunately, in the years since I grew up in Rochester Hills, it  feels as though the American dream has moved out of the reach for too  many American families. Joining or staying in the middle class can be a  daily struggle.   We must fight every day to support and build the middle class, not  chip away at fundamental worker rights. The laws, regulations, and  administrative decisions that come out of Washington have a direct  impact on American workers, unions, and the middle class.   The National Labor Relations Board plays a central role in protecting  the rights of American workers. The NLRB was created to safeguard their  ability to unionize and engage in collective bargaining for fair  workplace conditions.   To work as intended, the NLRB must be made up of members deeply  committed to representing the interests of American workers.  Unfortunately, the nominee we will be considering shortly, Mr. John  Ring, does not share this commitment. In fact, he is the third labor  attorney President Trump has nominated to the committee with zero--let  me say that again--zero track record of representing workers. He has  only represented clients on the corporate and management side of labor  issues.   During Mr. Ring's tenure at one of the country's largest firms, he  advised corporations on how to undermine worker protections. He also  posted blogs opposing commonsense reforms to modernize union election  procedures, classifying the NLRB actions as ``some of the biggest  assaults on employer rights in recent history.''   Mr. Ring would join recently confirmed Board member William Emanuel,  who quickly ran into ethics trouble based on his history of  representing corporations. Just 5 months after Mr. Emanuel's  appointment, the NLRB was forced to vacate a major decision related to  employer liability due to his conflicts of interest. Yet the  administration continues full steam ahead with new nominees with  extensive corporate ties and conflicts of interest.   This administration is also breaking precedent and all conception of  fairness by refusing to nominate new NLRB members in bipartisan pairs.  Despite a pending Democratic vacancy on the panel, the President and  Senate majority leader have instead chosen a partisan approach-- doubling down on the one-sided nature of a supposedly independent  Federal agency. This is simply an unacceptable development, and it is  an ongoing effort to silence our Nation's workers. Protecting American  workers, the American middle class, and the American dream should not  be a partisan issue.   I am deeply concerned with Mr. Ring's appointment to the NLRB. If  confirmed to the five-member Board, the voting majority of an agency  charged with protecting workers' voices will be stacked with members  who are focused on undermining fundamental worker rights. I think  employers should be treated fairly but not at the expense of our  Nation's workers and the American middle class. We need a balanced and  fair NLRB, and we need NLRB members who will stick up for American  workers and the middle class. Mr. Ring will not be that kind of NLRB  member. The administration and the majority are actively preventing  seating someone who will stand up for workers.   I will be voting against Mr. Ring's confirmation, and I urge my  colleagues to do the same.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   