 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the chairman of the Agriculture Committee  having this bill in such good form for us today, but I have an  amendment which addresses the forests in the West.   We are facing an unprecedented fire season this year. The drought has  been extreme in many of the western States. We are facing decades of  management by a Forest Service that decided that we can manage forests  in the West, where we have arid climates and not enough rainfall, the  same as we have managed in the East, where they have plenty of  rainfall.   As we find the droughts continuing, we have trees that are stressed  by disease, by the drought, by pests, and, then when catastrophe  strikes, when a fire actually starts, it just burns the entire  landscape. Usually, these forests are not going to be regrown for  decades. They will have soft undergrowth brush that comes up in the  meantime, but no large trees, no national forests, as we know it. They  are overgrown. The thinning projects that would restore forest health  aren't happening due to the lengthy delays, costly regulations, and  litigation.   The Forest Service budget has stayed pretty constant, but the  thinning projects, the cutting, the balanced thinning projects that  would restore the health to our western forests, have declined  precipitously since the 1990s. From the 1950s to the mid 1990s, timber  harvest averaged somewhere between 10 and 12 billion board feet. From  1996 until now, they have only harvested between 1.5 and 3.3 billion  board feet. This has occurred while the Forest Service budgets, again,  have been enough to accommodate the programs.   But in 1993, the spotted owl was listed as endangered. The scientific  understanding, at that point, was that the spotted owl would go extinct  because of the logging, because we were cutting trees. About 80 percent  of the timber industry across the Nation was killed. In New Mexico, we  used to have 123 mills. Those were reduced down to one or two that are  still operational today. That is the devastating impact that the  decision on the spotted owl had.   Twenty years later, President Obama, and then-Director Ashe,  determined that: Oh, logging wasn't the problem. It was other  predators.   So they killed the logging industry. They killed the thinning of  projects in the West over a mistake in their scientific assumptions.  The government is directly at fault for thousands of acres of timber  that are being burned annually across the West.   The Forest Service is forced to do expensive and time-consuming  surveys in project areas every 5 years. They are hesitant to manage  because of how close they are to the nesting area of the spotted owls,  even though the understanding has been given that logging is not the  problem.   In the Mescalero, which butts up against the Lincoln National  Forest--both are approximately the same size, about a million acres-- the spotted owls are actually moving en masse across to the thinned  areas in the Mescalero. The fire, instead of burning up habitat, drops  down. When it is burning through the Lincoln, it hits Mescalero, drops  down, and becomes a grass fire. Every indication tells us that we are  managing incorrectly, but still, the Forest Service is not able to do  large projects.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Thompson).    Mr. Chairman, my friend from Pennsylvania was pointing  out about the problem with storm waters running off. Bonito Lake, in  the middle of the Lincoln National Forest, close to Ruidoso, provides  water for Holloman Air Force Base and for Alamogordo. It is 75 feet  deep, just a small lake in the middle of the forest.   After the fire, the Little Bear fire, the next rain put 50 feet of  fill into  [[Page H4215]]  that lake. So, 75 feet; 50 feet now has mud and debris in it. All the  fish were killed, and it is no longer usable for drinking water. That  is what is going on in the West. Our watersheds are destroyed, our  forests are destroyed, and our grazing habitat is destroyed, all  because of the management of the forests.   This amendment does a very simple thing: It allows the Forest Service  to go in and do large-scale projects. Typically, they will be in a  million acre forest, cleaning 30 to 50 acres at a time. This allows  them to get very large-scale projects to where we can restore the  health of our forests. It is a commonsense amendment.   Mr. Chairman, again, I urge adoption of my amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   