 Mr. President, I would like to summarize. The Presiding  Officer and I have had a front row seat in this process. We both serve  on the Judiciary Committee.   I think oftentimes people come to the floor, and they want to just  give the American public a little slice of what is going on that  benefits their narrative rather than stepping back and thinking about  what has happened since early July when Judge Kavanaugh was nominated  to be on the Supreme Court. That happened on July 9.   Before July 9, there were many people on the other side of the aisle  who had already announced their opposition not to Judge Kavanaugh but  to anyone whom President Trump would nominate. We know who they are.  They are very well publicized. I understand that. As a Member of the  Democratic conference, I wouldn't deny them their  [[Page S6570]]  right to do that. They oppose the President and anything he stands for.   Then, on July 10, there was a press conference, now that we knew who  the nominee was, and a majority of the Democratic Members also said  they opposed him. As a matter of fact, the minority leader said he  would fight the nomination with everything he has, and he has, but  there are some pieces to the mechanics that I think are important for  people to understand.   Briefly, after Judge Kavanaugh was nominated, the chair and the  ranking member got together, and they tried to come up with a framework  for releasing as many documents as possible. In fact, that went on for  2 or 3 weeks. In fact, the documents some of my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle said the Republicans refused to produce were going to  be made available on a very focused basis but with what they call  search terms--the way to get into those 100,000 secret documents they  are talking about. We estimate that if our colleagues on the other side  of the aisle would have done what they have traditionally done--that  is, come up with an agreement on document production--they would have  gained a lot of insights into the documents we considered relevant but  not necessarily the documents they would like to use to create another  political narrative, but they refused to cooperate, and we moved  forward. As a matter of fact, we moved forward and provided more  documents for this Supreme Court nominee than the total number of  documents provided for all, in total, of the last three or four Supreme  Court nominees.   We also went on to question--they call it questions for the record.  What that means is that any member on the committee is entitled to  compel the nominee to answer questions after the hearing. Judge  Kavanaugh was subjected to over 1,200 questions for the record, under  oath, that he had to submit back to the committee members. Those  questions for the record are a multiple of any one nominee in the past;  and, in fact, I understand it is probably the sum total of questions  for the record that all the nominees on the bench were subjected to.   So the questions were asked. The documents were presented. All of  that document production was going on in the latter part of July and  August; the first tranche of documents came in about the second week of  August.   What else was going on in the latter part of July and August? A  letter, which was first submitted to a Congresswoman from California,  was then routed to the ranking member, the senior Senator from  California, at the end of July--a document that was expected to be held  in confidence. It is a document we now know was authored by Dr. Ford,  provided to the Judiciary Committee, with the understanding that her  name would not become public.   In the past, the chair and the ranking member have a great  relationship. They have a trusting relationship. In the past, when you  had something you thought was material to the consideration of a  nominee, a ranking member and a chair would try to figure out how to  actually assess that information to treat the person in question--in  this case, Dr. Ford--fairly and to hold her information in confidence.  That didn't happen here. Actually, there was no communication with the  chair by the ranking member.   A few weeks into it, we do know there was some consultation from what  Dr. Ford says was a committee staffer to retain an attorney who has a  very well-publicized reputation for being partisan. I don't have any  problem with that because we have partisan attorneys on both sides of  the aisle, but at the recommendation of the committee staff, which is  what Dr. Ford said under oath, they retained an attorney who is working  pro bono.   Now, I am really wondering whether some--not all but some--of the  people on the other side of the aisle genuinely cared about what I  believe is a traumatic experience in Dr. Ford's life, genuinely care  about trying to go through a process that would provide Dr. Ford with  some closure because if they had, maybe they would have gotten someone  who could interview her in the way that people experienced with sex  crimes interview persons who have experienced a traumatic event. These  attorneys who were retained didn't do that. Maybe, when the attorneys  she retained, who are pro bono attorneys--that means they are not being  paid, they are doing it at no cost or at least no cost to Dr. Ford--if  the attorneys really cared about Dr. Ford versus the outcome, maybe  they should have recommended to Dr. Ford to have the hearing, but that  didn't happen either.   Now we move further through, and at the hearing--we had 32 hours of  hearings. The letter was known to the ranking member. I don't believe  it was known to any other member on the committee--32 hours of  hearings. Each one of us had two rounds, virtually an hour to ask  questions of Judge Kavanaugh, not even an abstracted series of  questions protecting the identity of Dr. Ford but questions that could  have potentially raised the issues we now saw after the hearing.  Thirty-two hours of hearings, nothing mentioned. An hour and a half  private hearing that, unfortunately, Senator Feinstein, for whatever  reason, wasn't able to attend, never brought up. After the hearing,  then we heard about these allegations.   Now, I have had some people on the other side of the aisle say we  rushed the committee process. The fact is, it was delayed for 2 weeks  after we found out about the allegation; 1 week was to get to a point  to where we could accommodate Dr. Ford and have her come and testify  before the committee. Chairman Grassley was criticized by some of the  folks on my side of the aisle because they said he shouldn't be  accommodating, delaying; set a deadline and moving forward. He didn't.  He spent the weekend trying to figure out a setting, a method, that Dr.  Ford would be comfortable with.   Let me back up a week earlier. A week earlier, the chairman and the  committee offered to Dr. Ford to go to California to interview her  outside of the lights, outside of the circus that sometimes occurs  here, and have the attorneys present during the interview. In the  hearing we had with Dr. Ford, the question was asked: Were you aware  that the committee offered to come to California in a confidential  setting and allow you to give your testimony? Her response to that  question was: I did not understand that. So that really raises a lot of  doubts in my mind about either the competence or the agenda of her  counsel.   So now, at this point, I believe there are two sets of people who are  opposed to Judge Kavanaugh's nomination. There are some who just  genuinely disagree with his judicial philosophy. I actually vote for  some judges when I disagree with their judicial philosophy. There are  some on the agenda that I will again, but I am going to vote for them-- and I am going to get criticized by people on the right side of the  aisle--because they are considered unanimously ``well qualified'' and  just because I don't like the way they rule in certain cases, that is  not enough reason to vote against them, but maybe for people on the  other side of the aisle there is.   Then there is another group of people over there who I genuinely  believe have used witnesses, have used this process, to just advance a  political message and a political agenda.   Another reason I believe that is how the narrative changes depending  on what sticks. We have received the additional background  investigation. I should mention Judge Kavanaugh has had seven  background investigations over the last 25 years. I saw a stack of  documents in a secure facility that is about that thick; I would  estimate 600 to 1,000 pages of prior Federal FBI background  investigations to clear him for other roles he has had, as well as in  this case. Over 25 years talking to 150 people, some as recently as  about 10 years, or less than 10 years after he was in college, and not  a whiff of any of the allegations we have seen put forward--not a  single note.   So as more information comes up, we see the narrative going from the  weight of the allegations--because, honestly, in every instance where  an accuser has made an allegation and said these people were present,  those people have been interviewed if they were willing to, and none of  them have corroborated the allegations that were made--none. In the  followup investigation, it even further undermined the sort of  inference you draw when somebody says: Yes, these people were there.  Check with them. We went back  [[Page S6571]]  and checked with them, and it further undermined the veracity of the  allegations that were made.   Now it looks like the narrative on the allegations is beginning to  wane, so now the new narrative--and this is the last I will be talking  about--is that, well, even if the allegations are untrue, the way Judge  Kavanaugh behaved in the hearing--he was angry--raises a question about  his judicial temperament.   Ladies and gentlemen, first, the American Bar Association has voted  Judge Kavanaugh unanimously ``well qualified'' twice. In at least the  most recent rating, they even spoke specifically to his temperament on  the bench. I saw his temperament during the hearing for 32 hours. He  sat in that chair in some cases for 2 or 3 hours without getting up and  was patient when some unfair questions were being asked. He was cut off  repeatedly, and he maintained his composure. He did well in about 31,  32 hours' worth of testimony.   Last week, I didn't see Judge Kavanaugh in the hearing; I saw Brett  Kavanaugh. I saw a father, I saw a husband, I saw a son who was  defending his honor. I saw somebody dragged through the mud without a  single allegation with any corroborating testimony defending himself as  a human being, and he did well for about 2 hours.   One final note. I firmly believe that Judge Kavanaugh is going to go  to the Bench, and I firmly believe that because of his independence, he  is going to make some rulings that I am not going to like, but he is  going to do it for the right reasons.   What he is going to say is ``Instead of treating us like a nine- member legislature, go do your job, Congress. Change the law if you  want me to have a different opinion'' when it comes to the Court. We  should now be in that light, thinking about how we work together on a  bipartisan basis to change things that we don't like, not expecting a  nine-member legislature to do our job.   This has been a very difficult process. I know it has been  extraordinarily difficult for the Kavanaugh family and for Dr. Ford. I  pray for Dr. Ford's peace. I hope she finds closure. I hope there is  some way she will be able to reexamine the facts of that summer in 1982  or 1983 and identify precisely what happened, precisely who can  corroborate it, and have someone held accountable for that act. But I  don't believe by any stretch of the imagination, based on the  information presented to us, that that is Judge Brett Kavanaugh. For  that reason, I will be voting no tomorrow--I will not be voting no  tomorrow; I will be voting yes tomorrow.   I yield the floor.   