 Mr. President, I call up the substitute amendment No.  3224.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading  of the amendment be dispensed with.    Mr. President, I rise today as the Senate considers  legislation on an issue that is critically important to our Nation--the  Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, the farm bill.   The goal, the responsibility, the absolute requirement is to provide  farmers, ranchers, and growers--everyone within America's valued food  chain--certainty and predictability during these very, very difficult  times. We are, indeed, in a rough patch with regard to agriculture.   Many of my colleagues have introduced legislation over the last year  that addresses priorities and stakeholders in their States. The bill  that passed the Agriculture Committee with a strong 20-to-1 vote  earlier this month addresses many of those concerns. In fact, the Ag  Committee-passed product includes portions of 65 stand-alone bills, and  an additional 73 amendments were adopted in the committee. We have also  included 18 amendments in today's substitute amendment.   Needless to say, we have worked to include as many priorities from  Members both on and off the Ag Committee, and we want to continue to  work with Members to address their concerns. That is why we are here.   We are endeavoring to craft a farm bill that meets the needs of  producers across all regions and all crops. All of agriculture is  struggling, not just one or two commodities. We must have a bill that  works across all of our great Nation. That means, with bipartisan  support, we must do our job. We must pass a bill that provides our  farmers, ranchers, and rural communities the much needed certainty and  predictability they deserve.   I appreciate the bipartisan support that we have had to date of those  on the Ag Committee who voted to report a bill in such a strong  manner--and other Members of the Senate--and I look forward to working  with my colleagues on continuing to move this process forward. I will  not say that it is an emergency, but we have to move this bill to  provide farmers certainty and predictability during the very tough  times they face.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I wish to list the amendments that are  included in the substitute that my distinguished colleague Senator  Stabenow and I and our diligent staff have been working on. They are as  follows: Senator Jones, No. 3081; Senator Smith, No. 3082; Senator  Kennedy, No. 3097; Senator Murkowski, No. 3110; Senator Hatch, No.  3125; Senator Merkley, No. 3147; Senator Tester, No. 3148; Senator  Gillibrand, No. 3154; Senator Gardner, No. 3157; Senator Moran, No.  3159; Senator Collins, No. 3160; Senator Peters, No. 3164; Senator  Shaheen, No. 3172; Senator Feinstein, No. 3177; Senator Cornyn, No.  3186; Senator Cantwell and Senator Crapo, No. 3209; and Senator  Gardner, again, No. 3218; and Senator Grassley.   I wish to note that this represents 18 amendments put in the  substitute--extremely bipartisan. I have read ``Republican,''  ``Democrat,'' ``Democrat,'' ``Republican'' all through these 18  amendments. We have proceeded that way in committee. We are proceeding  this way on the floor. I urge Members to bring their amendments to the  floor for consideration, and, hopefully, the amendments will be of a  nature that we can consider them without controversy. I know people  have strong concerns about whatever amendment they submit.   Again, the ultimate goal is to do this quickly and to provide farmers  certainty and predictability during this difficult time they are going  through. I hope Members will keep that in mind with regard to any  amendment they may be considering.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in  order to call up the following amendments to the substitute amendment  No. 3224: the amendment by Senator Lee, No. 3074, and the amendment by  Senator Durbin, No. 3103.    Mr. President, I would only add at this point--and I  think Members who have paid attention to this debate at all or to this  particular issue are probably a little tired of hearing this, but maybe  there are some who haven't really grasped the issue. We have to get a  farm bill.   We are the Agriculture Committee. Agriculture is in dire need of this  farm bill--the farmers, the ranchers, the growers, their lenders, and  everybody up the food chain. Our situation being what it is, I  certainly hope that improves.   Many people, of course, are interested in opening up any bill to  amendments, having regular order, and voting on their amendments. I  understand that. I think there are about 146 amendments we have agreed  to. We are reaching out to people and urging them to come forward and,  on a bipartisan basis, agree on these amendments or modify them and  then agree to them. So it isn't as if we have not done that.   At some point, we have to pass this bill. The issue is so paramount  and the situation is so dire--on behalf of the folks who produce the  food and fiber for this country in a troubled and hungry world to at  least go on for another year--that it is paramount over any other  issue, despite the fact that some people want to come in under a reform  they believe would be very salutary, and I understand that. Again, we  have to pass this bill.   With that observation, I hope people can understand and we can get  some agreement with regard to some of these issues. None of my remarks  are intended to impugn in any way the interest of the distinguished  Senator from Florida.   I yield the floor.    Will the Senator yield?    Mr. President, I rise in support of my colleague's  amendment.   As Senator Thune indicated, this amendment proposes to make changes  to the Conservation Reserve Program. Goodness knows that we have been  working on that for several years. As a matter of fact, I can even  remember back in the House when I was the original sponsor of the  Conservation Reserve Program and when Senator Thune was Congressman  Thune and continued that effort.   We provide additional flexibilities for the management of routine  haying and grazing, which the Senator has pointed out.   The amendment provides greater clarity for when and how often  producers can conduct the active management of their CRP land. I  strongly support that, as do all of the members of the committee.   These flexibilities not only provide a benefit to the producer but a  more active management of CRP also has a mutual benefit to the wildlife  that relies upon the habitat created by CRP.   What the distinguished Senator has pointed out is exactly right in  that during the Ag Committee markup, both Senator Stabenow and I  committed to working with him on this priority. I am pleased the  amendment reflects that bipartisan agreement that has the support of  the grower and wildlife organizations. I thank my colleague for working  with Senator Stabenow and me on this amendment. I support it and urge  my colleagues to do so as well.    Thanks, dude.   