 Mr. President, well, not exactly. Yesterday I spoke about  the big banks that have violated our banking laws time and again, banks  like Wells Fargo and Citigroup. I talked about foreign banks like  Santander and Deutsche Bank--the President's personal German bank, I  might add. Santander, a Spanish bank, has foreclosed on the cars of  American service men and women when they are overseas serving our  country, and we are rewarding that Spanish bank. We are rewarding a  Swiss bank that has broken international law in support of Iran. We are  rewarding these foreign banks.   I liked this bill at the beginning. I have been working on these  issues with Chairman Crapo, whom I respect--I really do--for some  years, and we worked on coming up with a bill that would help community  banks and the midsized regional banks, three of which are located in  the Presiding Officer's boyhood State and my State of Ohio--Fifth  Third, KeyCorp, and Huntington. We wanted to do those things.   You know, in this place, when we work on something to help the small  guy, the big guy thinks: Well, don't leave me out. I want to be part of  this. I want to get my things too.   So we start helping community banks, we start helping the little guy,  and all of a sudden, Wall Street gets its hand out, just like on the  tax bill. I guess I believed my colleagues on the tax bill when they  said it was a middle-class tax cut bill. Well, it kind of didn't end up  that way. By the end, 81 percent of the tax benefits went to the  richest 1 percent.   That is what we do. We start here. We go back home, and we talk about  helping the middle class and helping the little guy. No matter whether  she punches a time clock or works construction, we want to help middle- income people. But you know what--by the time the lobbyists swoop in,  by the time they are here, and they start talking to their friends and  start doing what they do, then all of a sudden, these bills help the  big guy. They help Wall Street. It is no surprise; it has happened here  before.   I particularly think we would learn about it when it comes to what  happened 10 years ago. There are some pretty smart people in the  Senate, but they have some kind of illness that I don't entirely  understand called collective amnesia. They forget. They forget what  happened 10 years ago.   Where I live, Cleveland, OH, and where the Presiding Officer grew up  in greater Cleveland, in my neighborhood, ZIP Code 44105, in early  2007, in the first half of that year, more people lost their homes  through foreclosure than any other ZIP Code in the United States of  America. The neighborhood that I live in is not a gated community. I  live in an area of about 200 relatively new homes. When I drive about  500 yards in any direction, I see the blight that came because of what  Wall Street and, frankly, this Congress and the regulators, the Bush  regulators--I can mention names; it is all public record--did to our  economy. And 10 years later, we have kind of forgotten about all that.   Well, the people who lost their homes haven't forgotten about it. The  people who lost their jobs haven't forgotten about it. The people who  lost their retirement savings haven't forgotten about it. It is just a  bunch of Members of Congress, a bunch of Republican members of the  Banking Committee, a bunch of Members on that side of the aisle--almost  all of whom, I believe, are supporting this bill--they seem to have  forgotten what happened to the economy 10 years ago.   After starting with a relatively simple and benign, let's help the  community banks and the credit unions--which I want to do, too, and  have a voting record to prove it--and help some of the smaller  regionals, such as Huntington and Fifth Third and Key Corp in my State,  it just sort of got out of hand.   Well, now they are coming back and saying: Well, we will make a  couple of changes. Let's talk about these couple of changes that  Houdini would be proud of, sort of some sleight-of-hand kinds of  changes. In fact, these changes have made the bill worse, and I will  explain.    Last September, we learned that Equifax had allowed hackers to  exploit a known security flaw and make off with names, birth dates,  Social Security numbers, and all matter of private information of 143  millions Americans. There are probably 50 people in the Gallery. If the  national averages hold out, 25 of them were wronged by Equifax. They  were fraudulently or incompetently--perhaps through incompetence-- attacked by Equifax. In my State, it was about 5 million people. Around  the country, it was about 143 million. In fact, most of the people in  the Gallery are adults, so it is more than half the adult population  that was wronged by Equifax. Half the country is vulnerable to identity  theft.   Americans are furious with Equifax, as they should be, but this  amendment that apparently is in the substitute bill for reasons I can't  fathom includes provisions designed to help Equifax. It is not just  that this body doesn't punish Equifax and that these executives have no  contrition--of course nobody went to jail.   The people we send to jail in this country--we almost never send  people to jail for financial fraud. They dress well, they are  sophisticated, they belong to the right country clubs, and they would  never go to jail. Let me back off on that for a moment and talk again  about Equifax.   Equifax and other credit reporting agencies apparently have been  upset about a proposal to give men and women in the military credit  monitoring. Think of that. Equifax executives didn't like that there  was a proposal to give the people serving this country credit  monitoring.   I understand what Santander did; they repossessed autos of men and  women from Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton and from other  places who were overseas serving. They repossessed their cars, and we  rewarded them, so I guess Equifax thought, well, there is a good trend  here, a good precedent there. We don't want to give men and women in  the military credit monitoring.   So we have an amendment to fix that. A small gesture to the people  who serve our country, though, seemed too much for the Republicans and  too much for Equifax. In exchange for this token benefit, they demanded  that consumers and servicemembers give up their right to take Equifax  to court. So Equifax is willing to do a little bit for people, just a  little bit, but damn it, you can't sue us then. That was the deal--you  can't sue us. We will give you a little bit of credit monitoring, but  in return, you can't sue us for anything. I am not a lawyer, but that  is called a right to action. So the next time the company's  recklessness exposes sensitive financial data, sorry, you can't sue us.  Sorry about that; that is the way it goes.   In the end, Equifax--shocking--got exactly what it wanted. Equifax  let your data loose and ruined your credit score, but you won't be able  to sue them. Sorry about that.   It gets worse. Equifax--a company that can't even safely store  consumers' data--and that is their job; that is what they are hired to  do, even though we don't individually choose them. The company spent  nearly as much on executive salaries as it did on cyber security. So  this company's job is to protect private data, but they didn't really  invest that much in cyber security  [[Page S1543]]  because, for whatever reason, they paid their executives about the same  amount of money.   Now Equifax wants in on the credit-scoring business. Along with two  other major credit reporting agencies, it has created a product to  compete with Fair Isaac's FICO score.   The Federal Housing Finance Agency has a process in place to try to  broaden the factors it looks at in determining creditworthiness, but,  as Director Mel Watt testified in the Banking Committee, it is  complicated and it is time-consuming. Understandably, FHFA wants to get  it right, and so do the lenders that sell loans to Fannie and Freddie.  But instead of allowing FHFA to take the time it needs to get it right,  this bill ignores that, and it sets up its own process. We have not  taken any testimony on this legislation from market participants or  from the government agency. I have my hunch, though, as to who is  pushing for it. Guess who is one of the biggest beneficiaries of this  change. The pages would know the answer to that, if they are listening.  Equifax, of course.   I know my colleagues were well-intentioned. It would be great if we  had additional ways of determining whether someone is creditworthy and  if we could give more Americans the opportunity to become homeowners.  But determining creditworthiness and balancing access to credit with  the need to make sure we don't end up with millions of foreclosures is  complicated. That is why we have FHFA, and that is why we have a  process in place.   We know there are problems with the current system, and more data  would improve our efforts to combat discrimination in housing. The  Center for Investigative Reporting just completed a valuable study of  tens of millions of mortgage records and found out that across the  country, people of color are far more likely to be turned down for a  loan, even when you take into account factors like income and the size  of the loan. I will repeat that. Holding all things equal except for  race, people of color are far more likely to be turned down for a loan.  We know that.   The trade associations for lenders argued that the study was flawed  because more data--data like credit scores and debt-to-income ratios-- was needed to prove discrimination. The good news is that Dodd-Frank  did that. It required this very kind of data to be collected, and  beginning in January, banks and credit unions began reporting it.   Problem solved, right? Well, once the more detailed data set is  available and large enough, watchdogs can then undertake better  analysis, target the bad actors, and allow the good lenders--and most  of them are--to continue with their business without a regulator  knocking on their door. But who are we kidding? This bill wants to do  away with that too. I thought we had solved the problem. The substitute  would repeal the reporting required by Dodd-Frank for 85 percent of all  banks.   Backers of the substitute will claim it has addressed complaints that  this effort will undermine enforcement of civil rights laws, but it  hasn't. Backers will point to a provision which says that banks that  flunk the Community Reinvestment Act exam and get a rating of  substantial noncompliance are ineligible for the reduced reporting of  mortgage data. That sounds good, but in all of 2017, out of the  thousands of Community Reinvestment Act exams, only two banks out of  thousands flunked. When we have reason to believe banks all across the  country are discriminating in their lending, even if it is  unintentional--and sometimes it is--looking at data from two banks out  of thousands isn't going to tell us a whole lot.   The substitute would maintain current laws for banks that are given a  ``needs to improve'' rating on their CRA exam over two consecutive exam  cycles. Let's say a bank is engaged in discriminatory lending. The  examiner gives it a ``needs to improve'' rating. This amendment says:  No harm, no foul; the first one is free. Really? A few years later,  when the next exam rolls around, if the bank is still discriminating,  only then will it have to submit to the amount of data required today.  So this amendment says it is OK for a bank to engage in legally  sanctioned discrimination for years before it faces any consequences.  Why would we do that in this bill?   In sharp contrast to the slow-motion response to discrimination, when  it is the bank that wants the data from the Federal Government, the  sponsors of this bill can't move fast enough. It is like everything  around here--when Wall Street says ``jump,'' most of this Senate jumps,  and frankly, straight down the hall in the House of Representatives,  they jump faster and higher.   There was a bill introduced just this Monday, referred to the Finance  Committee, that would allow credit card companies to tap the Social  Security Administration database to verify identities. There hasn't  been a hearing on it, and it hasn't gotten attention, but guess what-- it is in the substitute bill. So the banking majority can move very  fast when it comes to helping the banks; they can't move so fast when  it comes to prohibiting discrimination against people of color. I  suppose I understand why, but that is pretty outrageous. The demand on  SSA would explode. Will the system be able to handle it? Will the  public interfere? Will this public interface be one more way that  hackers could gain access to the Social Security database? I don't know  because there has been no time for the Finance Committee to look at  this bill. Protecting people's Social Security numbers is the last  place--the last place--where we should be rushing things to please the  big banks.    Whether it is a State as conservative as Tennessee or as liberal as  California, I am guessing most Americans don't want Congress to rush  something through that might expose their Social Security numbers  without really understanding it through congressional hearings and  examination.   This would all be bad enough, but it is not just Equifax that gets  goodies in this bill. This bill is a gift to foreign megabanks.  Yesterday we saw a new provision on foreign banks included in the  substitute to clarify the legislation, but it doesn't fix the issue.  The substitute includes a figleaf to try to convince the public that  this bill doesn't do what it actually does do.   This provision provides some vague and ambiguous language that puts  the question to the Fed. In this bill, we say: You can regulate the  foreign banks or you don't have to regulate the foreign banks; it is up  to the new Federal regulators. It is your choice. The legislation  doesn't require the Fed to keep strong rules in place that are already  in place. It doesn't stop the foreign banks from suing the Fed if it  doesn't obey the request.   We are expected to trust Randal Quarles to be tough on foreign  banks--most of you don't know Randal Quarles. I have had conversations  with him. He is a smart man. He is well educated. He is a nice guy--but  that is not a bet I want to make. That is not a bet Congress should  make.   Just this week, Governor Quarles spoke at an international banking  conference, and he promised--it was an international banking  conference. That would probably not be with Wells Fargo, probably not  JPMorgan Chase, probably not Bank of America; it would probably be with  Santander, UBS, Swiss Bank, or Barclays--the British bank--or the  President's personal bank, the German bank, Deutsche Bank. Those are  who attended. He said, if we really want to fix the foreign bank  issue--he said he plans to deregulate those foreign banks.   I know the supporters of this bill think they can sort of obfuscate-- I don't think they are lying. I think they are just obfuscating and not  really being straightforward about what this bill does for foreign  banks, and I know they did this for foreign banks because I asked  Treasury Secretary Mnuchin--Senator Corker was in the room with the  Banking Committee--and he said: Yes, we plan to deregulate the foreign  banks.   We know that. We know that from other former regulators: Paul  Volcker, former head of the Federal Reserve appointed by both President  Carter and President Reagan; we know that from people like Sarah Bloom  Raskin, who was a member of the Board of Governors at the Federal  Reserve; we know that from professors and other regulators. I know  Sheila Bair, a Republican nominee appointed by President Bush to run  the FDIC, is concerned about this bill. We know that.   So if we want to fix the foreign bank issue, let's just adopt my  amendment. Let's fix it. It is simple: No favors for  [[Page S1544]]  the biggest global banks here in the United States. Don't give the  regulators the option because we know whom the regulators for the banks  are. We know most of the regulators for the banks used to work on Wall  Street. You go to the White House, and the White House looks like a  retreat for Wall Street executives.   We want to write strong laws, clear laws. We don't need to place  blind trust in the people who have failed us before--Quarles, Mick  Mulvaney, Otting, and Mnuchin. We are expecting these people who have  been strong in their public announcements to be right in their public  actions? We are entrusting these people who have profited--I could name  the names. We are entrusting these people who now have public service  jobs and who have profited from Wall Street malfeasance to protect our  economy and our country from Wall Street malfeasance.   I take the side of Paul Volcker, Sheila Bair, Tom Hoenig, Barney  Frank, Sarah Bloom Raskin, Phil Angelides, Antonio Weiss, and Michael  Barr. They are all people who have counseled us--all good public  officials, all former regulators. Not quite half, but a number of them  are Republicans, and some are Democrats. They are all people who  counseled us to vote no on this bill and whose concerns have not been  addressed by this substitute.   In addition, the substitute raises $675 million to pay for the  privilege of deregulating the banks, but all it could manage on lead  poisoning in housing was a report from HUD.   Where are our priorities? The Congressional Budget Office said this  bill makes it more likely they will need a bailout, more likely to lead  to a bailout for the big banks. So $675 million of taxpayer money is  squandered instead of doing infrastructure, instead of dealing with  lead. That is part of the issue we dealt with in our committee. That is  why I supported Secretary Carson for his confirmation, because I  thought he was going to do something about lead. Shame on me for  believing that, when I have seen nothing so far.   Instead of those $675 million going to Wall Street, wouldn't it be  great if we could direct those hundreds of millions of dollars to  prevent children from developing developmental disabilities brought on  by lead?   Remember, I talked about my ZIP Code, 44105. Look at those houses.  Drive through Cleveland. Drive through Memphis. Drive through Omaha.  Drive through all kinds of cities in this country. You will see houses  that were built in 1950 or before, and 80 or 90 percent of them have  toxic levels of lead. We have sentenced millions of American children  to live in those homes.   This is called the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee. We  have done nothing in this committee for the last 5 years--not a damn  thing--about getting that lead out of those homes and stopping the  poisoning of children. We could be doing that but instead we are giving  more to Wall Street.   This substitute doesn't make this bill better. By papering over its  fundamental problems, by treating servicemembers as second-class  citizens--think of Santander, think of the amendment Senator Reed from  Rhode Island is working on--we are opening up the Social Security  system to possible threats. It represents a step backward.   I urge my colleagues to reject the substitute and the underlying  bill.   I yield the floor.   