 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am, in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, my amendment simply requires a company to  have a policy in place to claw back executives' incentive-based pay if  it is materially noncompliant with financial reporting requirements.  Now, those words matter because the words ``materially noncompliant''  mean something in the accounting world. It has to be a big change, not  just some minor, little accounting error.   This amendment really should be noncontroversial. It is outrageous,  not to mention shortsighted, that almost a decade after the crisis that  wrecked the economy we still don't have commonsense safeguards in place  to ensure that CEOs do not turn a blind eye to problems that lead to a  public restatement of their company's financials.   This is not something hypothetical. It happens on a pretty regular  basis. It is not relegated to just the past. Everybody here is pretty  familiar with Wells Fargo Bank. It has generated scandal after scandal  by ripping off its own  [[Page H1167]]  consumers. Last year, the bank settled an 11-year lawsuit with the  Department of Justice because it overcharged veterans who applied for  home loan refinancing. At the same time, we learned of hundreds of  thousands of car loan customers charged for car insurance that they  never agreed to purchase.   In 2016, we learned of millions of fake deposits and credit card  statements opened up by Wells Fargo and then charging their customers.  Last September, the bank failed to refund insurance payments made by  customers who paid off their car loans early. And most recently, we  found out that they delayed mortgage closing dates in order to jack up  their own fees.   These abuses come on top of $10 billion in fines by that bank that  has been paid in recent years for everything from mortgage fraud,  illegal marketing, kickback schemes, insider trading, racial  discrimination, and student loan scams. Yet the bank believes that this  kind of consistent misconduct is not materially financially important  enough to require a restatement.   Wells Fargo has only ever clawed back a few tiny dollars from its  executives. All this recommit does is simply says that if you commit an  act that requires a material change in your public statements, you  shouldn't profit by it. That is all. Not basic pay; just the incentive  pay tied to those actions.   The underlying bill goes in the opposite direction. It makes it more  likely that there will be material inaccuracies in certain public  companies' financial statements. If this is what Congress is going to  do, we should, at the very least, not incentivize that bad behavior.  Title III of this bill allows new public companies to get out of  independent audit requirements for 10 years--ten years.   Now, we all think, well, that is fine for a small company. Small  company? Up to $700 million of company shares? That is a small company?  Those are significant companies that put lots of people at risk,  shareholders and investors.   In 2002, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act--I want to repeat, the Sarbanes-Oxley  Act because Mike Oxley was the Republican chair of the Financial  Services Committee at the time--requires companies to issue stock to  publicly report their internal control structures and procedures for  financial reporting. Those reports have to be attested to and covered  in an audit report.   There is a reason why an independent audit of large corporations is a  good thing: it makes it harder for them to hide bad actions. This  recommit, again, it is simple. It doesn't change the underlying bill.  It simply says: If a corporation makes a material change to its  publicly stated financial records and an executive's incentive pay has  been tied to the profits made off of that now-changed policy, the  company has to have a policy in place whereby to claw back those ill- gotten profits. I don't think that is controversial. I don't think that  is partisan. I don't think that is antibusiness. I don't think that is  overregulation. It is simply fair.   We don't let bank robbers keep their money. We don't let other people  who commit wrongdoings keep the profits that they have. Why should we  let corporations who go out of their way--some, not all, only a handful  go out of their way--to make sure that they hide their bad actions,  report them badly? And when they get caught and have to report them  appropriately, they still get to keep the ill-gotten gains.   That is all this recommit does. It is simple. It is straightforward.  And I would hope that my friends on not just the other side but on both  sides of this aisle see this as a thoughtful, insightful, and  commonsense approach to amend this bill.   Mr. Speaker, with that, I yield back the remainder of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   