 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the modified  version of my amendment at the desk be considered.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment contains the relevant  provisions of the Reef Assassin Act, which would attack the lionfish  problem that is very pervasive in the warm waters of the Gulf of Mexico  and the Atlantic Ocean.   Lionfish are an invasive species that are decimating our reef fish.  One lionfish can consume up to 65 juvenile reef fish in one sitting. A  female lionfish can release up to as many as 10 million eggs over the  course of one lifetime.   This legislation would allow our resources to be used to protect our  resource by creating an incentive for fishers who harvest the lionfish  and then turn them in to participating States that would choose, on a  volunteer program, to be able to issue tags for one prized, coveted  reef fish--a triggerfish, a gag grouper, or a red snapper--in the event  that 100 lionfish tails were produced. Anyone who goes and slays 100  lionfish certainly has saved far more than one of our prized reef fish.   That is why it is my belief that this amendment makes a great deal of  sense for our environment and also for the overall health of our  fisheries.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr.  Soto), the Democrat lead on the Reef Assassin Act.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana for  offering his insight and his views. It is certainly my hope that any  animal that is delicious, like the lionfish, but that is also invasive  and destructive to our environment, would be one that we would be able  to work together across the aisle to harvest out of existence, so that  we protect our environment and protect our coveted reef fish.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for  yielding, and I also thank my colleague, the gentlewoman from Florida,  Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, for her lifetime of service.   Ileana Ros-Lehtinen was my State Representative the day I was born.  This is a fact she does not frequently like being reminded of, but it  shows the duration and the level of her commitment to the community in  south Florida, to the country, and to the world.   What I always remember Ileana's service for is the commitment that  she had to vulnerable people. Whether it was children who were in need  of good schools or seniors in need of hospice care, Ileana could always  be counted on to fight for the vulnerable, for those who might not have  the fancy lobbyists  [[Page H6106]]  or the powerful special interests in their corner. But when Ileana was  in someone's corner, they had a pretty good chance to be successful,  whether it has been in the Halls of Congress or in our State capital in  Tallahassee.   I am perhaps most moved by the role model that Ileana has set for  women all over the world. Recently, I had the opportunity to travel  with Ileana to Jordan, where there are the initial sprout-ups of  democracy. Ileana met with young women who had an interest in the  political process, running for office, campaigning, organizing in their  neighborhoods and in their communities for a better life.   They were able to bear witness to this amazing American lady who had  done so much, who had broken through so many barriers. It showed,  through her life, the great potential that women have all over this  world to be able to make such a meaningful contribution to their  governments and to their communities.   For all Floridians, and particularly those in south Florida who have  benefited from Ily's great service, I just want to thank her, thank her  family.   I want to wish my friend, Dexter Douglas, Ileana's spouse, the best  of luck in all the extra time he will have with Ily. I know they are  looking forward to spending time with their children and grandchildren,  and I look forward to Ileana's next chapter because I know that, even  in her retirement from the Congress, she will never stop fighting for  vulnerable people in my State, in our country, and all around the  world.   