 Mr. Chairman, for many, this is an emotional debate. I  would concede the point that this is not a silver bullet.   What we are talking about in particular are a few species of salmon  that are on the verge of extinction, and whether or not this bill  passes will determine their future. It already extirpated a run at  Ballard Locks.   We have a place in Oregon called Willamette Falls, 120 miles from the  mouth of the Columbia River. Historically, there have been no sea lions  there. There have been no changes in that structure in 100 years.    Yet, the passage of wild salmon, which was normally 5,000 to 8,000,  has dropped down to 500 because of the predation with 40 sea lions  hanging out, munching, basically, at the fish ladder.   Here is where sea lions are at. The optimal population is between  this red line and this blue line. They actually have exceeded that blue  line, which means they have recently exceeded and now are maybe  dropping back to the maximum sustainable population.   We are talking about a few hundred problem animals, which then teach  other animals where they can get a free lunch. That is really the key  here. This is based in science. We have a probability of 89 percent of  extinction of the Willamette winter steelhead that go over Willamette  Falls because of the sea lions that hang out there.   They have tried everything: sonic guns, harassment, removal. They  took them 300 miles away. They swim pretty good; they are back in 5  days. And they tell other sea lions along the way: Hey, come on, follow  me. I know a great place to go.   If we were to remove just a few of these problem sea lions, it is  very likely that it will be a long time before another set of sea lions  learns to go 120 miles up the river to the Willamette Falls.    Mr. Chair, so the conditions are that these would have  to be problem sea lions that have been marked; they have been removed;  they have been harassed; they have come back; and they have to be 112  miles up the river. This is not a normal condition, that sea creatures  are 112 miles up a freshwater river.   There are critical areas on the Columbia, up by the dams, up by the  Willamette Falls, and in some of the tributaries, which are the most  productive salmon grounds in the country where they are starting to  hang out. And they are eating almost exclusively salmon, steelhead, and  now sturgeon, which are also a threatened species.   As my colleague from Oregon said, NOAA will review the permit. We  will have public comment. They will have a task force to review the  application and make recommendations or modifications.   There will be a NEPA review. That was one of the critical elements.  It was a problem with the earlier bill, and a number of us insisted  upon a NEPA review. NOAA will approve or deny the permit with  conditions, and that will be monitored on an annual basis.   Again, the argument that, well, other sea lions are just going to  take their place, has not been proven by science. In fact, there are  only a couple of hundred that are these problem creatures and are going  upstream. Ultimately, others will follow them and become habituated. If  we can remove the worst of the problem ones, then perhaps we won't drop  down. In fact, the recent estimates are we are down to a 6 percent  chance of survival--this is a little out of date--of the winter  steelhead because of this year's predation.   There is another chart. I don't have it here. It shows, yes, the  structures were built 100 years ago. That impeded the winter steelhead.  There has been a fish ladder. Locks were built there for navigation.  That hasn't changed in 100 years. So the populations were healthy at  5,000 to 8,000. Suddenly, now we are down to 512.   Something is happening. It is the sea lions.   