 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, if we didn't have enough to worry about,  as the Presiding Officer and this Senator have to worry about cyber  security in our capacity on the Armed Services Committee; if we didn't  have enough to worry about, with all that is happening where Americans  are being threatened to be exchanged--some of our diplomats--for  questioning, which, in effect, would be putting them outside of the  United States and suddenly subjected to being scooped up and kidnapped,  to be put into the Russian criminal situation; if we didn't have enough  to be worried about, with everything the American people are facing  every day, including a trade war that is starting to hurt the economies  of hard-working American families; if we didn't have enough to worry  about, wouldn't it be nice that we would only have to worry about that?  But now we have to worry about 3D printing--printing hard plastic guns  that cannot be detected by all the detectors at the airports that we  are frequently encountering as we go through TSA. And that is not even  speaking of all of the protections that are around this building, right  here, in trying to keep harm from being done to otherwise hard-working  Americans, a lot of them right here in this Capitol complex. But  replicate this throughout all of the governmental entities, including  courthouses, city halls, obviously airports, seaports, the entrances  into military bases, and it goes on. How about courtrooms--it goes on  and on.   Now there is the capability of 3D printing, and the blueprints for  putting together a 3D printed gun are now going to be allowed to go up  on the internet on August 1. I don't understand why that is being  allowed.   It is true that there are plans that are out there, because when  there is anything, it is going to get out there on the internet. But to  say as a matter of governmental policy that we are not going to try to  stop something that we try to stop every day in our activities, such as  going into an airport or a government building, and we are going to  suddenly put the plans out there so that people can go around and  manufacture, with hard plastic, a gun that looks like this or some  variant thereof. If you grab the handle here, you can see, there is the  trigger. If you do that, you suddenly have a lethal weapon that can't  be detected by a metal detector.   What are we coming to? It is hard to overstate how dangerous these  plastic guns can be. And you say: Well, maybe it is just like the Clint  Eastwood movie about 25 years ago that depicted the Secret Service  protecting the President. You say: Well, you could catch the bullet,  even though that bullet got through, disguised as a keychain.   Now you don't have to have metal bullets because you can create such  a hard plastic that it would serve the same purpose, and we are going  to put up on the internet plans on how to put this together and to  manufacture it.   It goes without saying that the metal detectors can't detect plastic,  which means that a person concealing a deadly weapon could sail through  security screenings without setting any alerts off.   So with everything we have invested in TSA--we have aviation as our  jurisdiction on the Commerce Committee, of which Senator Thune is the  chairman--people can walk onto airplanes with deadly plastic guns.  People could walk into schools.   What have we been doing since there have been all of these shootings  in schools? We have been talking about hardening schools. It wouldn't  do any good if people could walk into schools with deadly plastic guns.  We wouldn't know about it. Somebody could come into this building.  Somebody could be sitting right up there in that Senate Gallery, and we  wouldn't know about it.   Many of us have recognized this danger for years. It was prophetic in  that Clint Eastwood movie. In fact, we have a law on the books that  requires all firearms to be manufactured with a metal part recognized  by metal detectors. But there is a loophole in that law. Manufacturers  can skirt the rules by simply attaching a removable metal piece to a  plastic gun, and the consumer can remove that metal removable part.   So this Senator will file a bill that would close that loophole by  requiring at least one major component of the gun be made with enough  metal to be detectable by a standard airport security screener. That is  just common sense.   But that doesn't get to the greater problem of putting the plans out  on the internet. These plastic guns are a clear and present danger to  the security of our communities, and the Trump administration has just  acted to make it easier for people to manufacture these plastic guns in  private, endangering everybody.   Last week, the Justice Department and the State Department abruptly  settled a 3-year-long battle to prevent a self-proclaimed anarchist  from posting blueprints on how to make 3D printed guns, including an  AR-15 semiautomatic rifle, online for the public to access and  download.   Let me say what that was. The U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S.  State Department abruptly settled a legal battle to prevent that. The  administration's decision in that settlement paves the way for the man  to post his blueprints online on August 1. Once those blueprints go  live, we will never get them back. When the genie gets out of the  bottle, you can't stuff him back in.   The administration's decision is inexplicable, and it is dangerous.  That is why this Senator and, I suspect, some other Senators have  written to the Department of Justice demanding answers from the AG as  to why his lawyers capitulated, after years of winning in the courts,  to the deranged demands of plastic gun designers hell-bent on  fundamentally undermining American security. I can't say it any clearer  or any blunter.   That is why I am speaking out today, and that is why I am speaking  with the Administrator of TSA tomorrow to urge him to consider how in  the world he is going to catch these at the airports. That is why I am  filing a bill as soon as possible to severely restrict the  [[Page S5345]]  publication of detailed, technical schematics for these deadly 3D- printed firearms. We already impose strict restrictions on posting bomb  instructions online. If you can't post bomb instructions, why in the  world should you be able to post instructions on how to manufacture  that?   So this Senator from Florida is here urging the Trump administration  to suspend that settlement immediately. Our colleagues are going to  fight tooth and nail to prevent these blueprints from getting  published, but the power to stop the blueprints before August 1 rests  squarely with the Trump administration.   I never thought I would have to come to the Senate floor to make a  speech like this, but this is no-fooling time, and the clock is  ticking. This is July 25, and the deadline for when those prints will  go up on the internet is August 1.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   