 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5197, the  Alternatives to Opioids, ALTO, in the Emergency Department Act.   I would like to thank Chairman Walden and Ranking Member Pallone for  their work, not only today, but leading up to today. This is moving  quickly on us. They have reviewed the legislation very carefully and  have offered very, very good advice on all of these pieces of  legislation. The leadership here is outstanding.   Mr. Speaker, I want to give a special thank you to my colleague,   David McKinley, who sponsored this legislation with me and has been an  essential partner.   I am glad to see this body come together in a bipartisan manner to  address a problem that is ravaging every corner of our districts.   I believe the bills being considered today should be seen as only a  small part of an ongoing discussion and, more importantly, resources  needed to reverse the unyielding trend of this epidemic.   Opioids are contributing to 115 people dying a day. If you go back to  the HIV epidemic at the end of the 1980s and early 1990s, you will see  similar numbers. Until we educated ourselves and people, we still were  in the 19th century with that disease. In the 1990s, we had no idea how  to solve that epidemic, and we finally did.   Today, we do know how to prevent, how to halt, and how to reverse the  horrific trend of substance use disorder, which continues to be on the  rise.   We need to make sure the front lines have the resources to address  it. I believe a major piece of the equation is prevention. That is why  I introduced this Alternatives to Opioids legislation, which enjoys  strong bipartisan support.   The ALTO program was pioneered at St. Joseph's Medical Center in the  city I have lived in all my life, Paterson, New Jersey. They started in  the emergency room, Mr. Speaker, and now they are moving to other  departments to use alternatives that are legitimate.   The president of that hospital, Kevin Slavin, and the head of  Emergency Medicine, Dr. Mark Rosenberg, implemented innovative  protocols to use  [[Page H5069]]  nonopioid treatments to address some of the most common painful  conditions, like acute backache and headaches.   In its first 2 years, St. Joe's ALTO model has already led to an 82  percent reduction in opioid prescriptions. I think that is a big deal.   St. Joseph's has been replicating this model, as I said, beyond the  emergency department to other departments. They are also teaching ALTO  to other States and other hospitals that are now seeing similar  success.   While ending the opioid epidemic will require a multifaceted  approach, the initial success of this program and others like it are  worthy of broader study and implementation. I recommend that, Mr.  Speaker.   This bill establishes a demonstration program to test alternative  pain management. Those protocols should be limited to the use of  opioids in emergency departments. The Secretary of Health and Human  Services will then report on the results of the program and make  recommendations for broader implementation.   This bill will empower healthcare providers to prevent unnecessary  opioids from getting into patients' hands and ultimately stop countless  overdoses.   My motto for dealing with a zero tolerance, which I taught in the  classroom, is the fact that we need to prevent these things from  happening: No market, no sale. That is the center of everything I do in  terms of drug prevention, because we are not going to pass enough  legislation until the culture itself rids our inner sanctums of having  to deal with our devils and have to deal with those things that get us  off track every day, whether you are a student or an adult.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlemen for their cooperation.   