 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his gracious  comments. I appreciate the time, and I appreciate the fulsome praise.   I do want to talk just a little bit about process because I think, if  you are not on the Appropriations Committee, you probably haven't been  able to follow a lot of this. And, frankly, this process can be made  better; there is no doubt about it. I suspect, processwise, my friend  from Massachusetts and I are not very far apart on where we think it  ought to end up. But I do want the full body to understand what we went  through to get to this point.   First, it is important to remember that all 12 subcommittees of the  Appropriations Committee produced legislation last year. There were  full hearings and fulsome debate, and each subcommittee reported out  their product. Then the full committee dealt with each subcommittee's  report and presentation, and in doing so, all amendments were open from  both parties.   Eventually, of course, all those 12 were put into a single bill.  There were hundreds of amendments from both sides of the aisle that  were made in order in that process. That bill was brought to the House  floor in mid-September, and it was passed.   So, the House effectively did all of its work. It did the hearings;  it did the markups; it reported it to the floor; and it moved it across  the floor. We have been waiting for about 180 days for the Senate to  respond. I could point some fingers. I am not going to. They didn't get  a single appropriations bill across the floor, and only a few out of  the full committee.   We have finally, about 4 weeks ago, had a bipartisan negotiation at  the leadership level that reset the numbers: a big increase from the  Budget Control Act for defense spending. That is something Republicans  very much wanted, and many Democrats did as well. And, frankly, also,  an increase from nondefense discretionary spending as well--so new  numbers.   At that point, we began what is a pretty normal appropriations  process at the committee level. That is the so-called four-corner  prospect, when the ranking member of each subcommittee and the chairman  of that committee sit down with their Senate counterparts and negotiate  the differences between what were effectively Senate committee bills,  but bills that the House had moved fully across the floor.   There is a great deal of give-and-take in that. When you go as far as  you can to the subcommittee level, you kick them upstairs to the  chairman at the next level. They negotiate, and they solve those.   I can give you an example. In Labor-HHS, we had 12 issues unresolved  in a $170 billion bill. That is actually awfully good. They were moved  up to full committee. Nine of those issues were resolved there.  Eventually, three more were kicked up to the leadership level, and they  were all resolved there.   That happens for each and every subcommittee. So there is a great  deal of give-and-take.   Frankly, we begin this process knowing it needs to be a bipartisan  product in the end. You have to have 60 votes in the United States  Senate. There are 51 Republicans. Frankly, over here, obviously, they  will take both Republican and Democratic votes. So there is a good deal  of give-and-take in this particular process.   At the end of the day, we have got a bipartisan bill that both the  chairman and the ranking member brought before us last night. Again, as  I mentioned earlier, from a Republican standpoint, you are probably  most pleased with the defense number. That is something we have wanted  and the administration wanted.    But in the nondefense area, there are many, many things that both  sides agree on are very important for the national well-being: a $3  billion increase at the National Institutes of Health, the largest  increase in a generation; substantially more money on opioids, a crisis  we know affects all of our districts, $3 billion this year and $3  billion next year spread over a number of subcommittee jurisdictions.   There is a substantial increase in early childhood education and  childcare, something, again, that people on both sides of the aisle  feel strongly about. There is lots of money for mental health to follow  up on some of the initiatives that were laid out in the 21st Century  Cures Act, again, a bipartisan product. Now you are seeing bipartisan  appropriations to try and match the money with the legislation that was  created by the Committee on Energy and Commerce.   There is money for school safety. This is probably the largest single  increase we have had. I think last year under, title 4, we did about  $400 million. This bill has $1.1 billion, a pretty substantial increase  in something I think we all care about. So, again, it has been pretty  extraordinary.   Also, I want to point out--we are all proud of our respective  committees--that Chairman Frelinghuysen and Ranking Member Lowey  produced an omnibus last year in April or May. They have done three  supplementals for the disaster relief. They now have produced this  omnibus which will fund the government for fiscal year 2018, and they  are hard at work on the next one. So they have been extraordinarily  productive.   My friend is right. I wish more of this work got piecemeal to the  floor so we could look at each bill. Hopefully, we can do that going  forward since we now have a top-line agreement between the two sides  for fiscal year 2019 as to what the bill will be.    Mr. Speaker, we have the possibility of having a more  regular measure. But whether that can be achieved or not, I don't know.  In passing this bill, we have at least laid the groundwork for it.   I particularly want to single out Chairman Frelinghuysen and Ranking  Member Lowey because they have shown how Congress can work together.  They have managed all 12 of these bills--multiple bills in multiple  areas--and gotten them to the floor and across the floor in a  bipartisan manner.   So, if we can do the same thing in the body as a whole, I think there  would be much more appreciation and understanding and, frankly, much  more input. That would be a good thing. My friend is right about that.  But if we are going to do that, I would also add we have to think  through how many amendments there will be.   How much floor time do you want to give us?   If you are going to come down here with 200 or 300 amendments on each  side of the aisle, I guarantee you that all you will be doing is  appropriations for the whole year. As appropriators, we might like  that. As legislators in other areas, you might not. I think there has  got to be some leadership give-and-take on what the appropriate  structure is going forward.   But none of that should take away, number one, that the rule itself  is  [[Page H1764]]  bringing to the floor an extraordinarily important product. If we don't  get that product passed here on a bipartisan basis and in the Senate by  midnight tomorrow night, both parties will have participated in  shutting down the government of the United States. I don't think that  is something either of us want to do. As a matter of fact, each of us  have tried this once or twice, and we now know it is not a very  productive way to proceed.   I think we have got an opportunity, by passing of the rule--and I  urge passage of the rule--and then the underlying legislation, to do  some really good things for the American people to fulfill our  obligations.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the chairman, for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I have a formal statement I will include in the Record,  but I want to begin by praising Chairman Frelinghuysen; Ranking Member  Nita Lowey; the staff; my negotiating counterpart and wonderful ranking  member, Ms. DeLauro. It has been a collaborative effort, and it is one  that you can be extraordinarily proud of in terms of having gotten all  our bills done on time and presented and across this floor, having  worked on a pretty short time frame when the Senate finally came to the  ability to negotiate. We were waiting about 180 days for that. They  finally got there. And in 4 weeks, you got the work done. It is an  exceptional product.   From a Republican standpoint, the big win is defense. We all want to  defend the country, but that was probably the top Republican priority  in the bill, and we more than met our obligation in that respect.   I want to focus, in the little time I have left, on some things I am  particularly proud of in the Labor, Health and Human Services,  Education, and Related Agencies portion of this legislation:   $3 billion increase in the National Institutes of Health. That is the  largest increase in 20 years.   $3 billion for opioids, a common problem in all our districts,  something that we all care about.   $3 billion, roughly, in round numbers, for early childhood education  and early childhood care. Again, dollars well spent.   Major increase in mental health funding, actually beginning to match  appropriations with some of the authorization done in the 21st Century  Cures, one of the great achievements of the last Congress.   Tremendous increase in money for school safety grants, from $400  million to $1.1 billion.   The Pell increase, which has been referred to by several people.   More money for career and technical education, more money for  apprenticeships. All things that will create a more productive economy.   We can go on and on. But the reality is, in a very difficult time, in  a very partisan era, we will have Members from both sides of the aisle  passing an important piece of legislation and the administration, which  has urged its passing, doing the same. I urge the passage.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the FY2018  Agreement that will fund our government for the remainder of the fiscal  year. The agreement is consistent with the direction given by House  Republican Leadership under the bipartisan budget deal.   Funding increases within the Labor HHS portion of the agreement, for  which I am responsible, are targeted toward key conservative priorities  that all Republicans can support:   Enhancing biomedical research,   Increasing our Nation's biodefense capabilities,   Helping states and local governments combat the opioid crisis,   Giving local schools flexible funds to respond to school safety and  other locally-generated needs,   And helping young adults and displaced workers train for and secure  new jobs in fields that will grow our economy.   At the same time, the bill holds down spending for controversial  items, such as punitive labor enforcement agencies, family planning  funds, and Washington bureaucracy.   I'm proud to say the agreement continues all existing pro-life  provisions, including the Hyde amendment prohibiting federal funding  from being used for abortions, the Dickey-Wicker amendment prohibiting  stem cell research on human embryos, and the Weldon amendment providing  conscience protection for doctors, nurses and others who do not wish to  participate in abortions.   Additionally, the agreement rejects language pushed by Democrats  which would have tied the hands of the Trump Administration and forced  the Administration to continue funding for Planned Parenthood and other  controversial family planning grantees. The Trump Administration has  already announced termination of these grants.  [[Page H2026]]    The bill includes $37 billion for the National Institutes of Health  (NIH), a $3 billion increase over FY17, which will continue progress  toward finding cures for cancer, Alzheimer's disease and other life- shortening conditions.   The agreement includes a billion in increased funding for biodefense  activities to protect Americans from threats, both man-made and  naturally-occurring, and includes an increase of $3 billion for states,  tribes, local governments, nonprofits and faith-based groups to help  prevent, treat and stop the opioid epidemic that is damaging our  country.   The agreement maintains a longstanding provision prohibiting funds  from being used to support gun control and does not include any  dedicated funds to support gun control research.   The agreement increases funding for training in high-growth job  fields, including nursing, dentistry, primary health care and mental  health. The agreement targets programs toward veterans, young adults  and displaced workers struggling to enter new career fields, including  increasing apprenticeship programs by $50 million.   The agreement increases funding for child care vouchers and early  head start programs to enable these workers to find high quality care  for their children that will allow them to enter or return to the  workforce.   The agreement includes additional funds for adoption incentives,  meals on wheels, family caregivers support, and independent living  centers so that adults with disabilities can remain employed and in  their own homes.   The agreement includes flexible funding for mental health programs  designed by local governments and schools that will enable them to find  creative solutions to increase school safety, including a $700 million  increase, up to $1.1 billion, for a newly-authorized student support  and academic enrichment grant program. This fund can also be used by  schools for other locally-determined needs, such as teacher training,  computer programming courses, or arts programs.   The agreement includes an increase of $75 million for career and  technical education programs to help young people enter careers in  fields that do not require a four year college degree.   The agreement also increases the maximum Pell grant by $175, to a  total of $6,095, enabling college students and others returning for a  degree greater choices in a higher education program that will meet  their needs. The agreement also includes targeted increases for first- generation students to enter and succeed in college, growing our  economy and breaking the cycle of government dependency.   Mr. Speaker, this agreement targets the funding increases approved by  House Republican Leadership toward conservative priorities that will  protect all Americans and enhance our Nation's health and economic  prosperity. I urge my colleagues to support it.   