 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. Titus, and I thank the chairman  for bringing the bill to the floor. I rise in strong support.   Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor every year that I have the  opportunity to introduce this resolution and to support it on the  floor.   I just heard the remarks of the gentlewoman from Nevada. I thank her  very much for her support, and I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania  for his remarks.   This is the 77th year our region's Soap Box Derby will be a fun and  educational event that brings families together. It will be held on  Saturday, June 16, as I am sure has already been said, and you will see  soap box racers from ages 8 to 17 compete in three divisions: stock,  super stock, and masters.   The winner from each one of these divisions, Mr. Speaker, will go on  to compete at the national All-American Soap Box Derby, held each year  in Akron, Ohio.   I was very proud of last year's winners from Maryland's Fifth  District, 11-year-olds Ian Jameson in the stock class and Ryan Jameson  in super stock. These twin brothers are from Hollywood, Maryland, the  county in which I live, which is the most southern county in our State.  They worked hard on their soap box racers, as did all the other young  people who participated.   Ian Jameson went on to win fourth place at the All-American Soap Box  Derby in Akron. Maryland's Fifth District has been home to several  Greater Washington Soap Box Derby champions in recent years, including  the winners from 2007, 2008, 2009, 2012, 2013, and 2014.   Is there any doubt in any Member's mind why I am so supportive of the  Soap Box Derby? We do very well in the derby. Our racers even won  national championships in 2007 and 2008.   I feel confident that the Fifth District racers will continue to  shine this year.   Soap box derbies have been called the greatest amateur racing event  in the world. They have a long tradition in our country, and many  Americans carry fond memories of building soap box racers with their  parents or other relatives when they were young.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise in strong support of this All- American activity that will happen right here on the Nation's Capitol  Hill.    Mr. Speaker, I am constrained to say that the gentlewoman  mentioned the progrowth administration. We had some 98 months of growth  following the worst recession she and I have experienced in our  lifetimes under the policies of the Bush administration.   Mr. Speaker, in the wake of the worst financial collapse since the  Great Depression, the Congress enacted, over the opposition of our  friends in the Republican Party, mostly, the Dodd-Frank reforms to  safeguard our economy and safeguard consumers.   When we passed Dodd-Frank in 2010, no one believed it was perfect. No  legislation is ever perfect. There is nothing wrong with evaluating  Dodd-Frank 8 years after it was enacted to determine what is working  well and where we might improve.   Many Democrats, myself included, support providing regulatory relief  to community banks, and we ought to do that in a bipartisan fashion-- not just a few bipartisan participants, but in a bipartisan fashion.   I have talked to the ranking member. She has indicated that that is  something that she supports as well. However, the bill on the floor  today goes much further and would weaken the rules that Dodd-Frank put  in place.   It would undermine the regulatory framework for all banks. This would  roll back parts of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, stress tests for  large banks, and bank capital requirements.   It would also, as has been noted, raise the threshold for the  automatic designation of systemically important financial institutions  from $50 billion to $250 billion.   The changes that are proposed risk making our Nation's financial  system vulnerable to another crisis that would require yet another  taxpayer bailout.    Mr. Speaker, because of that and because I would like to  see a truly bipartisan bill supported overwhelmingly on both sides of  the aisle to make sure that our community banks are not impacted in a  way that was never intended nor should it be intended by the Congress,  I therefore urge opposition to this particular piece of legislation,  and I thank Ranking Member Waters for her hard work in making its  consequences clear.   