 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1119, the  ``Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment Act''.   The SENSE Act continues yesterday's latest effort by Republicans to  undermine the commonsense protections found in the Clean Air Act in  order to give special breaks to polluters at the expense of public  health. The winner of today's Republican special breaks are power  plants that burn waste coal.   The SENSE Act would give power plants that burn waste coal for energy  a free pass on critical public health protections that keep dangerous  toxins out of the air.   It does this by giving waste coal power plants a carve-out from the  pollution control requirements of EPA's Mercury and Air Toxic  Standards--or MATS Rule. This rule represents the first national  standards to address power plant emissions of toxic air pollutants like  mercury, arsenic, dioxin, sulfur dioxide and hydrochloric acid.   The SENSE Act provides a weaker compliance option for MATS that would  give waste coal facilities license to pollute more than they should.  And, the bill would lock in this weaker standard for the foreseeable  future.   That means a small number of waste coal units would be allowed to  avoid controlling harmful pollution in perpetuity, regardless of any  subsequent developments in control technologies, or new information on  the health effects of their pollution. Passing this bill means waste  coal power plants would never have to clean up their act, putting the  health and safety of those nearby and downwind in jeopardy.   So, why are we even discussing such a ridiculous sweetheart deal?  Because the waste coal industry says they need, and deserve, a  legislative earmark, just for using the coal that wasn't good enough to  burn in other power plants.   But that claim doesn't pass the smell test.   EPA determined, and the D.C. Circuit Court agreed, that since  emissions from waste coal units are no different than emissions from  other coal-fired power plants, there is no justification for special  treatment. Many of the waste coal plants already meet the requirements  of the MATS rule, because in reality, waste coal plants are among the  best performing coal-fired power plants in the country.   I see no justification for giving waste coal plants the ability to  pollute more than other facilities, as the SENSE act would allow.   These special breaks are especially offensive to me since I represent  a down-wind state. Pollution generated west of New Jersey moves into  our air shed threatening the public health and welfare of my  constituents. It also increases the burden on New Jersey businesses  that would ultimately be required to do  [[Page H1487]]  more and spend more to compensate for the extra pollution generated by  these plants.   The Republicans claim that EPA is over-regulating business. But, time  and again, the courts have found that EPA is actually failing to  regulate pollutants known to cause harm. This Mercury and Air Toxics  rule has been in development and litigation for nearly 20 years--the  time it takes for a child to reach adulthood. That's more than enough  delay, enough mercury, and enough toxic air pollution. It's time to  clean it up.   Republican-led attacks on clean air protections will not create jobs,  nor will they magically build infrastructure. All a Yes vote on this  dirty air bill will do is boost profits for Republican allies, and make  it easier for corporate polluters to contaminate the air in our  neighborhoods. Meanwhile our children's health is threatened and their  future is sold out, all in the name of more corporate profits.   I strongly oppose the SENSE Act, and urge all of my colleagues to  join me in voting No.   