 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this is National Police Week, a time for  recognizing the men and women in law enforcement who serve and protect  our Nation. National Police Week is a solemn occasion to honor those  who tragically lost their lives while serving in the line of duty. The  names of those men and women are carved on the walls of the National  Law Enforcement Officers Memorial.   Each year during this week, families and colleagues of the fallen  travel to our Nation's Capital for this special commemoration. This  year, 360 names will be added, including four officers who served the  citizens of Arkansas. We remember Arkansans whose names are newly  etched onto the walls of this treasured memorial. I would like to  recognize these heroes.   Drew County Sheriff's Deputy Timothy Braden gave his life while  serving and protecting the citizens of Arkansas. Deputy Braden,  unfortunately, passed away in a car crash after attempting to stop a  vehicle whose driver had refused to stop, leading him on a high-speed  chase.   Deputy Braden had recently joined the Drew County Sheriff's Office  after serving 3 years at the McGehee Police Department. His commitment  to enforcing the law, helping those in need, and protecting the  community touched the lives of those with whom he served. They will  remember him as a kind and hard-working officer who performed his job  with a positive attitude.   Lieutenant Patrick Weatherford of the Newport Police Department had  responded to a call of a vehicle break-in when he was fatally shot. He  had proudly served in law enforcement for 15 years. Throughout his time  in uniform, he continued to pursue opportunities to better serve the  community. He was a 2016 graduate of the FBI National Academy and was  working toward a master's degree in criminal justice.   I would also like to honor the dedication and service of Kevin  Mainhart, a Yell County Sheriff's deputy. He was responding to a  domestic disturbance call and initiated a traffic stop of a vehicle  connected to the situation when he was fatally shot. Deputy Mainhart  had spent more than 20 years serving and protecting Arkansas  communities in law enforcement and was a veteran of the Air Force.   The selfless service of Keith Bradford, Sr., Turrell police chief, is  also worthy of recognition. The chief is one of 231 members of the law  enforcement community who died in a previous year, but his sacrifice  will be documented on the memorial this year.   Chief Bradford helped launch the law enforcement agency in 2012. In  2014, he responded to a call to assist officers from another local  jurisdiction with a high-speed chase. He checked the safety of the  officers, but according to a police report, Chief Bradford was left  shaken. Hours later, he suffered a fatal heart attack. Chief Bradford  had dedicated more than 20 years of his life to law enforcement.   Each of these officers demonstrated courage and determination in the  face of danger. These heroes, like all members of the law enforcement  community, commit their lives to protecting the public. In their  profession, there is no such thing as an off-duty officer. Answering a  call for help is ingrained in who they are.   As a member of the Senate Law Enforcement Caucus, I am committed to  providing our first responders with tools, resources, and training to  help them prepare for unpredictable circumstances. These men and women  are brave and selfless heroes who risk their lives every day to keep  our communities safe.   This Congress, I was proud to cosponsor the Honoring Hometown Heroes  Act to give their home States the opportunity to provide a fitting  tribute for their service, should they make the ultimate sacrifice.  This bill would allow Governors to order the American flag to fly at  halfstaff in recognition of first responders who are killed in the line  of duty. Those who are called to serve and protect have earned this  honor.   I am pleased that it was included as a provision in the Bipartisan  Budget Act of 2018 that was signed into law earlier this year. We can  all agree that these courageous first responders deserve this powerful  acknowledgement in recognition of their sacrifice.   On behalf of all Arkansans, I thank law enforcement officers at the  local, State, and Federal levels for all they do to keep us safe. We  appreciate your dedication and the heroism you display each and every  day. Thank you for doing whatever it takes to protect and serve your  families, neighbors, and fellow citizens.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   