 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, a few weeks ago, there was a lot of media  attention on the caravan from Central America coming up through Mexico  and making its way to the United States intending to declare asylum or  to cross the border illegally. This is kind of interesting because  people don't realize that we have within our laws that if a person  declares asylum, it has to be acted upon as a matter of routine. We  have heard all about people declaring asylum. They get a court date,  and then they are not showing up for court. We know that happens--it is  really a no-brainer--but nonetheless it has been going on and on and  on.   In fact, the law prescribes that anyone coming to this country to  seek asylum will be coming into the country through other countries,  and they must first go to whatever country they go through before  coming to the United States. In other words, someone coming from  Central America, if they are coming through Mexico, should not go to  the United States but to Mexico to seek asylum.   Now, asylum is not very well-defined. Anyone can come in and say: My  life is in danger, and therefore I need the opportunity to come across  the border into the United States. We all know what happens. Back in my  real life, I spent some 20 years on the border. I was a builder- developer, and I know how the border works. I know the border agents. I  have spent time down there. They wonder why we don't have a solution.   Anyway, we are told that migrants are escaping violence and  persecution, but once they get to this country and someone asks, they  say, no, in reality, they are seeking the economic opportunities that  we taxpayers are paying for in the United States or they maybe want to  reunite with their families. I think anyone within earshot right now  would want to do the same thing for their families. So this has been  going on for a long time, and while this caravan has rightfully  garnered a lot of attention, it is really part of a much larger  problem.   In fiscal year 2018 alone, more than 396,000 people were caught  illegally crossing our southern border by Customs and Border Protection  agents--an average of more than 7,500 a week. They come because they  know our border is porous and, if caught, they can always game our  legal system and stay. They have been doing it now for years. While the  problems are not new, the caravan brings a renewed spotlight to our  vulnerabilities. We have to secure our borders, and we have to tackle  the policies that encourage abuse of our immigration system.   After decades of seeing our border breached over and over again,  voters responded very actively to President Trump when he was pledging  to address our immigration crisis by building a wall. Here is the  thing: Walls work. We know they work. We are about the only one who  doesn't have walls. We are talking about walls that have been in  discussion, proposed by this President and proposed by many of us in  this body. DHS estimates a wall will deter 90 percent of illegal  crossers. So walls do work. We know they work. Nearly 2,000 miles--the  figure they have been using and I believe is pretty accurate--will take  an estimated $25 billion to fully secure our southern border.   I have heard my colleagues describe how we couldn't pay for a wall  and, after all, we don't need to grow our deficit or use tax dollars to  pay for it. That is why I am introducing the Wall Act of 2018, to build  the wall and secure our border. We have talked this over and determined  this will work. It is very simple. It provides $25 billion--actually,  more than that--for a wall by eliminating Federal benefits going to  illegal immigrants.   We have a lot of liberals in both bodies of Congress who are going to  say we can't do that. Liberals are always great about giving things  away, and I think of Margaret Thatcher when I think about this:  Socialism is a wonderful thing, until we run out of other people's  money to give away. That is exactly what is happening right now.   Under current law, noncitizens who are not allowed to work are able  to receive the earned-income tax credit--a refundable tax credit. They  are eligible because applicants do not need to provide work-authorized  Social Security numbers. Very simply, prior to 2003, the Social  Security Administration routinely issued Social Security numbers to  anyone needing a driver's license or a bank account. We have stopped  that now, but those numbers still exist and allow for illegal  immigrants to obtain Social Security numbers and receive this  refundable tax credit and possibly other Federal benefits.   More significantly, the bill we are introducing would require the tax  filers themselves to provide a work-authorized Social Security number  to receive the refundable child tax credit. Now, under the law, filers  only have to provide a Social Security number for a dependent they are  claiming to receive a tax credit and a refundable portion. That is  under the current law. An illegal parent with legal dependents at the  end of a tax year could get a child tax credit check for as much as  $1,400 per child, and that check comes from Uncle Sam. By closing these  loopholes, we can save billions of dollars a year. We can also save  even more taxpayer dollars by ensuring the integrity of other Federal  welfare programs like SNAP and TANF. By mandating that all States use  the E-Verify system, we can add an additional layer of integrity to  ensure the legal work-eligible status of benefit recipients.   These are commonsense reforms. You have to ask the question, Why  would we not do this? Only those legally in this country and eligible  for work should be receiving Federal benefits that are intended to get  people out of poverty and get them back to work. This is something that  actually would work, and they are all common sense. It is one of the  things that falls into the category of ``why don't we do it.'' We have  an opportunity to go ahead and do it now. Only those who are legally in  this country and eligible for work should be receiving Federal benefits  intended to get people out of poverty and into jobs.   Finally, in this bill is actually an additional amount that is out  there that we should be taking advantage of. This bill will increase  the minimum penalty for every illegal border crossing. Over the past 5  years, there has been an average of 500,000 illegal border crossings  each year. By raising the minimum penalty on illegal border crossings,  the Federal Government would raise revenue by as much as $15 billion  over a 10-year period. All of this more than pays for a wall.   Our President rightfully demanded a wall not be paid for with hard- working Americans' tax dollars, and my bill fulfills that commitment by  not altering a single earned benefit for any American citizen or lawful  immigrant.   I was having a news conference last week on this bill. Someone said:  Well, the President has said Mexico should pay for it. In a way, this  fulfills that commitment, too, because it is being paid for by benefits  that would otherwise go to illegals who would not be getting the  benefits. So it is the best of both worlds, and it is a solution to the  problem. It is what American families deserve, but even more, it is  what the hard-working, lawful men and women who are abiding by our  immigration process deserve.   So that is the bill we are going to be introducing and we will be  hearing a lot about. One thing people say has not been resolved is, how  do you come up with $25 billion for a wall? It is easy. It can be done.  The figures match. It is the right thing to do for our lawful  Americans.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   