 Mr. President, I rise in support of the Defense  appropriations bill being considered by the Senate. With this important  measure, we are greatly enhancing our national defense by providing the  actual funds our warfighters need to maintain a decisive advantage over  our adversaries.   As home to one-third of our strategic ground-based nuclear arsenal,  Montana plays a critical role in deterring aggression, enabling  diplomacy, and maintaining a posture of peace through strength.   While serving in the U.S. Senate, I have visited Malmstrom Air Force  Base in Great Falls, MT, several times. I have toured the missile  fields and the silos. I have had the honor of sitting down and speaking  with the men and women who maintain this important nuclear deterrent.  Their hard work and their professionalism are unmatched. We owe it to  them to support their work and give them the tools they need to be  successful.   It is so important that we advance the deployment and the development  of the next ground-based strategic deterrent. This bill achieves that  goal by replacing Montana's current Minuteman Missile, as well as the  UH-1N replacement helicopter that services our missile fields. It also  recognizes the important work Montana's university researchers and  small businesses do in support of our Nation's military readiness.   Montanans are quite proud of the critical role our State plays in  defending this great Nation. This bill strengthens and enhances that  role.   As a member of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, I am pleased  to note that it makes substantial investments in emerging technologies,  such as hypersonics, directed energy, artificial intelligence, and  cyber security. In particular, we are providing additional funding for  new cyber units within the National Guard that will be available to the  States under title 32 authority.   I worked with my colleagues here in the Senate to secure these  additional funds because I believe the National Guard will play an  increasingly important role in defending our Nation against government- backed cyber attacks from nations like China, Russia,  [[Page S5808]]  North Korea, and Iran. These nations target critical civilian networks  like schools, hospitals, or private businesses, where the military's  authority is limited. Only the National Guard has the unique ability to  provide assistance on request by a State's Governor.   These new units will fill a critical need and increase the  effectiveness of our military's existing cyber defense forces. They  will also bring in new skill sets and new perspectives from citizen  soldiers who work in cyber-related professions.   In closing, I wish to urge my colleagues to support the measure  before us today to empower our servicemen and our servicewomen and  ensure that our Nation's military capabilities are unmatched by our  adversaries.   With that, I yield the floor.   