 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from  Pennsylvania for yielding. I won't be coming and running, though; but,  nonetheless, I appreciate the kind words.   I am going to talk in a little different direction than from most of  the previous speakers.   Mr. Speaker, as you know, I am a country boy. I live in the country.  Hunting is a rite of passage for most people who live in the country.   For the record, this past Friday, I hunted rabbit with three  ministers, two deputy sheriffs, a county commissioner, and just a bunch  of everyday people. But I don't need an assault weapon to hunt rabbit  with.   So this notion that somehow an infringement on my Second Amendment  right to bear arms is associated with a killing weapon, a weapon that  was designed for war, a weapon that is designed to reap carnage in  whatever environment that it is in--for those of us who hunt deer, who  hunt ducks, who hunt pheasants, we look at this whole discussion and  ask: Who are these people who want 30-, 40-, 50-shot clips in a gun?  What are they hunting?   Those of us who are outdoorsmen, those of us who love the  environment, we are not supportive of this notion that these kind of  guns are made for outdoors. They are not. So it is a false premise, Mr.  Speaker, that somehow my rights are being abridged.   Now, as important with this is this notion that somehow we are not  safe unless I own a gun like this. Well, the people that I hunt with,  they have absolutely no problem applying for whatever license they are  required to have to own their guns. They don't have a problem with  waiting so that they can clear up whatever question it is from the  standpoint of owning a gun.    They really don't have a problem with saying gun shows should be  outlawed because those are places where people sell guns, and sometimes  there is a question about the legality of the guns they are selling.   Background checks. You know, if I have to have a background check for  financing of anything. Then why shouldn't I have a background check to  own a weapon?   A bump stock. Now, until what had occurred in Las Vegas, most of us  had never heard of a bump stock. I mean, it was just some kind of  exotic thing you put on a gun to make it an automatic weapon. But,  again, all those things, to those of us who hunt, that is not who we  are.   I marvel at some of my colleagues who probably couldn't hit anything  with a gun, but they want to stand up and defend people who buy assault  weapons. I challenge them to come, get up at 4:30, 5 in the morning,  and let's go to the woods and let's do what real hunters do. Let's not  just get on TV and brag about my Second Amendment rights, and then put  on a $500 suit and go on downtown and don't go to the woods.   What we saw in Florida, it was absolutely tragic. Errors occurred. We  need to fix it. But I dare to say--and I absolutely hope I am wrong-- when the comments subside, I doubt that we will have any legislation  brought forward to address this assault weapon problem we have in this  country. I doubt that we will have any legislation brought forward to  look at the loopholes associated with purchasing guns. I doubt that we  will have the age limit raised on individuals purchasing guns. The will  is not here. I wish my colleagues could man up, or woman up, and do the  right thing.   I am training my grandson, who is 12 years old, the right way to own  a gun, to handle a gun, to do the things that are correct. He will have  to go through gun safety classes before he gets his license. But more  importantly is he understands that this weapon is either for sport or  protection. But, you know, I don't need an AR-15. I have deer rifles. I  have shotguns. That is what sportsmen use.   So all this killing that is going on is bad, and I really wish we  would take the emotions out and say, let's just get rid of these high- powered weapons that are killing machines.   I could go on and on, but I won't. But I can just say that it is a  problem, and I don't think the will is here in this body to address it.  Every time a tragedy occurs, we take a moment of silence and we do  nothing.    This AR-15?    Well, it is a weapon designed to kill.  It is a weapon designed for war.   My friends who are in law enforcement, I want them to have weapons  like that to defend themselves here; but we have made these guns  street-legal, so there is the potential that our friends in law  enforcement are going to run up on people who have guns as powerful, if  not more powerful than they are.   That gun is not made for hunting. It is not made for anything other  than to kill. I want my soldiers who are fighting wars to have weapons  like that.   But, again, for us to try to stretch the margin, that that is a  Second Amendment right to bear arms, it is not any arm. Again, it is a  killing machine. And if anybody has ever had an opportunity to fire  one, which I have, it is not accurate at all; but it will spray a lot  of bullets out and will do some killing, like we just saw in Florida  and a lot of other places.   It is not who we are as a nation. We are a better people than that.  But adults are going to have to do the right thing. Otherwise, the  young people of this country will do it for us.   