 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Madam President, I rise today to call on each of us to  take seriously one of our most important duties as Senators--our  constitutional duty to provide advice and consent on Presidential  appointments to the Supreme Court.   As we all know, over the last 3 years, the longstanding tradition of  building bipartisan consensus in the Senate around nominees to our  highest Court was flown into the ash heap of history. The majority  leader and Senate Republicans completely dismantled the rules that made  advice and consent real in the Senate--all to steal a Supreme Court  nominee from our last President. By making nominations to the highest  Court--perhaps the most consequential votes we take as Senators-- subject to only a simple-majority vote, Republicans rigged the system  to make it possible for the most extreme nominees to make it all the  way to the Bench.   Before they broke the rules, requiring 60 votes ensured that both  parties would have a real seat at the table and that mainstream  nominees would be nominated and confirmed with the advice and consent  of the Senate. Now we have been told that we must accept the resulting  new normal of a politicalized and completely partisan selection process  to fill any new vacant seat on the Court.   I, for one, refuse to legitimize this broken process. Under these  broken rules, the minority party--even in as closely divided a Senate  as we currently have today--has effectively zero ability to say: Wait.  Hold up. There is something about this nominee that is too extreme or  too disqualifying for a lifetime appointment to the highest Court in  the land.   That is not democratic. That is not what the Founders had in mind  when they created the Senate as a deliberative body. This body was  intended by the Founders to be the methodical answer to the fiery  passions of the day, not an amplifier of them.   I fear that this broken system will create potentially disastrous  consequences for the health of our democracy as a whole. It has already  resulted in a crisis of confidence where the public no longer views our  Supreme Court as independent. Frankly, the public is correct--not just  because of the precedent it set and hostility that it created but also  because of the nominee before us.   Because President Trump knew going in that he would not need a single  Democratic vote, he went straight to a predetermined list of names  given to him by the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society.  That meant that the President only considered nominees who fulfilled  all of the ultraconservative special-interest litmus tests. This  ensures that each of the judges he considered opposed women's  [[Page S5806]]  healthcare, environmental protections, and workers' rights. You don't  have to take my word for that; President Trump was very explicit on the  campaign trail in saying that he would only choose from this list of  extreme conservatives for the Supreme Court. Without real advice and  consent, there is no counterbalance and no real voice for Americans who  don't want to see the country unrecognizably changed forever by his  ultraconservative Court-packing.   We have been asked to go through the motions of a broken and partisan  confirmation process for a nominee with a troubling and dangerous track  record. If confirmed, a Justice Brett Kavanaugh would be a deciding  vote on so many important issues that I have no doubt will come before  the Supreme Court. Would a confirmation process in which both parties  had a real seat at the table produce a nominee who believes that  polluters should be able to poison our air and water unchecked; a  nominee who does not believe women have the right to make decisions  about their own private healthcare needs; a nominee who has ruled  against well-established rights of privacy? No. And that is precisely  the point.   Judge Kavanaugh's hyperpartisan opinions formed over a lifetime as a  Republican DC operative will influence his decisions from the Bench. He  is out of touch with consensus views held by the American people, and  his extreme views could drastically alter our daily lives.   Judge Kavanaugh is exactly the type of ideologue and politically  motivated nominee we can expect to see not just for this seat but for  all Supreme Court seats moving forward if we allow the Senate rules for  providing advice and consent to remain in tatters. But I worry that by  rushing this through on a completely party-line vote, we are enabling  an even greater threat to our democratic institutions and to our  Republic itself, and that is because, from what we do know about his  judicial record, work experience, and writings, Judge Kavanaugh  believes in giving a disturbing amount of deference to the executive  branch and to the President of the United States.    Judge Kavanaugh has written and delivered very clear statements  saying that he believes a sitting President should not have to face  prosecution, criminal investigation, subpoenas, or civil litigation. To  be clear, this judge believes the President is above the law. This is  the United States of America. No one--I repeat, no one--is above the  law.   It really makes you wonder why President Trump would pick him for a  potentially deciding vote on the Supreme Court, doesn't it. Do I need  to remind you that our President and members of his campaign team  remain under Federal investigation for coordinating with the Russian  Government's interference in our election?   Just yesterday, the President's longtime attorney and his campaign  chairman were each declared guilty in eight separate Federal crimes. In  his guilty plea for campaign finance violations, the President's former  attorney, Michael Cohen, implicated the President himself in  coordinating payoffs to women who alleged affairs in an effort to  influence the election.   Look, combine all of President Trump's ongoing legal troubles with  his unbalanced and impulsive style of governing, and there are many  plausible and even likely questions about the scope of the executive  branch's authority that could come before the Supreme Court. Especially  after yesterday's major developments, this is no longer purely  hypothetical. We don't know enough about how Judge Kavanaugh might rule  on these questions, but what we do know is deeply concerning.   Judge Kavanaugh has questioned whether Presidents should be forced to  answer to civil lawsuits, criminal investigations, or questions from a  prosecutor while they are in office. That, to me, is unbelievable. In  another example before he became a judge, Kavanaugh said that he  thought the Supreme Court had made an ``erroneous decision'' when it  unanimously ruled that President Nixon needed to turn over White House  tapes that ultimately proved the role that he played in covering up the  Watergate scandal. Kavanaugh has also stated that he opposed the post- Watergate special counsel law and implied that nothing limits the  President's authority to terminate a special counsel with or without  cause.   It is easy to see how Judge Kavanaugh's views on Executive power are  especially dangerous in the current times. This view of an executive  branch untethered from the checks and balances that form the very norms  of our political system should terrify Senators on both sides of the  aisle who believe that the separation of powers is a cornerstone of our  American democracy.   On top of this, we need to know more about Judge Kavanaugh's actions  when he was in the executive branch. As a high-ranking official in the  George W. Bush White House, Judge Kavanaugh served on the legal team  and as Staff Secretary to President Bush during controversial abuses of  Executive power. Senate Republicans have so far obstructed requests to  review all of the records that would show what role Kavanaugh played in  determining the legality of President Bush's policies. What side did he  take as the Bush administration's CIA used illegal torture techniques,  such as waterboarding? Was he aware of the Bush administration's  warrantless mass surveillance of Americans' phone and internet records?  These are unanswered questions until we are able to review relevant  Presidential records--the same types of reviews we have been able to do  for past nominees when there was real advice and consent.   The National Archives told Senator Grassley, the chairman of the  Judiciary Committee, that it cannot physically process all of the  relevant records until October. Yet Senate Republicans have scheduled  confirmation hearings and then a likely confirmation vote for Judge  Kavanaugh to begin in early September.   We should never proceed on a confirmation vote for a lifetime  appointment to the Supreme Court until we have done our due diligence  in reviewing every relevant document on a nominee's record. We should  not proceed on Judge Kavanaugh's nomination until we have clear answers  to highly important questions about his actions in the Bush White  House. Under a functioning confirmation process, the need to review  these records would not even be up for debate. It is just plain common  sense and part of our constitutional duty to carefully, to methodically  review the qualifications of nominees as part of providing advice and  consent.    Unfortunately, as is obvious to anyone watching this process unfold,  the United States is no longer operating under rules that ensure a fair  process. Instead, Republicans are rushing to push this nomination  through at a breakneck pace so that they can confirm Judge Kavanaugh  before this fall's election regardless of legitimate questions about  his record, regardless of the dangerous consequences of his extreme  views on so many issues.   At a time when our democratic institutions themselves are under  attack--from undermining the free press to there being foreign  influence in our elections--we should be very careful in weighing who  sits on this, the Nation's highest Court.   Once again, I plead with my colleagues that we can do better than  this. We must restore advice and consent in the Senate before we  confirm any nominee who will be tainted by this partisan, broken  system. I call on each of us to work together to create a better system  and to restore a bipartisan process on which we can build consensus to  see us through these politically turbulent times. Until we restore a  fair confirmation process, I will fight alongside the American people,  who are demanding that we do our jobs that they elected us to do and  with the seriousness required to get this right.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   