 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from  Georgia for yielding and for his tremendous leadership on this issue.   Here in America, if you work hard and play by the rules, you should  be able to provide a comfortable living for yourself and for your  family; but for  [[Page H667]]  far too many American workers, that basic contract has been broken.   Since the early 1970s, the productivity of the American worker has  increased in excess of 285 percent; but during that same period of  time, wages have increased by less than 10 percent. So the productivity  gains of the American worker have not gone to the American worker;  instead, they have gone to the privileged few, to millionaires and  billionaires and to big corporations to subsidize the lifestyles of the  rich and shameless. That is the America that we are dealing with right  now.   Some may explain it as a result of globalization; some may say it is  fully negotiated trade deals; some may say it is the outsourcing of  good-paying American jobs; some may say it is the rise of automation.  Certainly, all of those factors are implicated, but the decline in  unionization has been a significant, if not decisive, reason that so  many people have been struggling to achieve the American Dream.   And now the Supremes, in their wisdom, want to give us another raw  deal, rightwing hit to benefit the wealthy and the well-off to the  detriment of hardworking Americans. So let's hope that Justice Kennedy  does the right thing, that five Justices on the Supreme Court see  themselves to not interfere and overturn settled law for the purpose of  continuing a march to benefit the privileged few to the detriment of  hardworking Americans.   Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. I thank the gentleman so much for his  comments.   It is with great pleasure that I yield to the gentlewoman from  Delaware (Ms. Blunt Rochester), who also served as the former secretary  of labor of Delaware, whom I have worked with on our Agriculture  Committee.   Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding  and for the opportunity to speak at this Special Order hour.   Mr. Speaker, as the former secretary of labor and head of personnel  for the State of Delaware, I am here this evening on the floor of the  House to lend my voice in support of the thousands of men and women  across the country who are dedicated public servants who currently  belong to public sector labor unions; who teach our children, pave our  roads, protect us, care for our seniors; who don't receive huge  salaries; who don't work in palatial offices; and whose very right to  organize and collectively bargain is under attack.   At the end of February, the Supreme Court is set to hear a case,  Janus v. AFSCME Council 31, which is simply another attempt to weaken  the rights of public sector employees in the fight for better pay, paid  sick leave, and the ability to one day retire with dignity.   Mr. Speaker, the plaintiff in this case seeks to bar the ability for  public sector unions from collecting fair share fees. Fair share fees  are collected from public sector employees to help their unions  negotiate for better wages, benefits, and protections.   It is important to note that no union can be effective at negotiating  with employers unless the employees who reap the benefits of these  negotiations pay for the collective bargaining--even if they are not  members of the union.   The Supreme Court has already ensured that a union's political  activities and their collective bargaining activities are separate from  their fair share dues. No public sector worker is being asked to  contribute funds to causes to which they do not agree. It should be  noted that unions go through painstaking detail to ensure that no funds  are misused.   When our first responders, teachers, and public sector workers come  together and form strong unions, they win benefits, like better working  conditions, better wages, healthcare, and retirement security, which  also benefit nonunion members.   As our economy shifts and the wealth gap grows, the protective power  of unions must be strengthened, not weakened. Without the freedom to  come together, working people would not have the power in numbers they  need to make our communities and our country more prosperous.   Mr. Speaker, it is my hope that the Justices will see the value,  need, and success of public sector collective bargaining and that  everyone must pay their fair share.   Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is very important to  recognize that Ms. Sheila Jackson Lee is a senior member of the  Judiciary Committee as well and has vowed to lead this fight in the  committee, and we appreciate that.   It gives me great pleasure to yield to the gentlewoman from Orlando,  Florida (Mrs. Demings). And may I say, Mr. Speaker, that Mrs. Demings  is the former chief of police of Orlando. Who better to speak to the  damage that this Supreme Court Janus decision could have on our police  officers than the former chief of police.   