 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, folks are voting today in Florida. As a  matter of fact, they have been voting for some weeks since Florida  started voting by mail, which started a couple of weeks ago. They are  voting in early voting--a period of time of up to 2 weeks prior to the  August 28 primary. They are voting early in these elections. They are  exercising their most fundamental right, which is to vote.   Of course, there is so much at stake for Florida and our country in  this year's elections. Last month, a Federal judge in Florida  overturned a 2014 ban on early voting, and it was a ban on college  campuses. Back in 2014, the legislature passed and the Governor signed  into law a series of restrictions to make it harder to vote instead of  easier. One of them, which was then implemented by the Division of  Elections--secretary of state--was that there could not be a voting  place on a college campus. Well, we have State universities, just as  other States do, that have huge numbers of students. Of course, if you  want to make it easier for students to vote, instead of their having to  go out in the community, it is quite logical to have a place for them  to vote on the campus.   Well, there was an attempt in the past to ban the voting. The  particular case I weighed in on a few years ago was one in which they  were banning voting from the student union building at the University  of Florida in Gainesville--a campus, by the way, that enrolls some tens  of thousands of students. In a scathing opinion, a Federal judge  overturned that ruling, saying that the ban by Florida law was  unconstitutional and that it seemed to put in place a prohibition on a  geographical location for voting as a means by which to hinder younger  voters--specifically, students--from casting their ballots.   Because of the Federal judge's ruling, there will now be an early  voting location on the campus of the University of Florida for the  upcoming general election this coming November. According to press  reports, it doesn't look as though that is going to be the case in all  places around Florida's colleges and universities. We just read a  newspaper report that said that the supervisor of elections in Duval  County--that is Jacksonville--says he might not be able to set up an  early voting location on the campus of the University of Florida in  time for the general election due to logistical and financial concerns.  I hope that the Federal judge's ruling in this case makes very clear  his displeasure about not making it convenient for students to vote by  refusing to set up a precinct on the university campus location. I am  hopeful that the logistical and other issues can be resolved as quickly  as possible and that Florida's universities can host early voting  during the general election.   Early voting is key to ensuring access to the ballot for all voters.  We have found that with early voting and voting by mail, increasingly  larger percentages of the voting electorate are utilizing that  opportunity to vote instead of waiting until the last day, election  day, November 6. Unfortunately, we have seen some efforts in Florida  over the last decade to curb access to early voting, particularly among  young, low-income, and minority voters. We ought to make it easier to  vote, not harder.   I hope that in the multiplicity of universities and colleges all  around Florida, that the supervisors of elections will pay attention to  the Federal judge's ruling and act accordingly.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum   