 Mr. President, last week, the House voted  overwhelmingly, by a vote of 366 to 52, to extend the National Flood  Insurance Program for 4 months, until November 30, 2018. The purpose is  to allow for the continued reform efforts of this program so as to make  it more accountable, more affordable, and more sustainable. Two weeks  ago, the Senate demonstrated almost unanimous support for a 6-month  extension of the National Flood Insurance Program, by a vote of 94 to  5.   The NFIP, as the Flood Insurance Program is called, insures  properties in every State--approximately 6 million homes and businesses  and over $1.2 trillion in assets. The current law has it set to expire  at 11:59 p.m. tomorrow, on July 31. If the NFIP is not extended, people  will not be able to renew their flood insurance policies or purchase  new ones. That means more will be uninsured during the peak of  hurricane season. That is not acceptable. According to the National  Association of Realtors, letting the NFIP expire would cost up to  40,000 property sales per month, or about 1,330 home sales per day.   Last week, the Senate tried to pass the short-term extension that the  House had passed by unanimous consent, but we were unable to. So, on  Friday, cloture was filed in the Senate on the 4-month extension that  the House passed. The problem is that the cloture vote will not occur  until Wednesday, setting up the final passage of the extension on  Thursday. That means that the NFIP would lapse for 2 days.   This is totally avoidable. Its delay does nothing to advance reforms  within the NFIP, many of which I proposed a year ago in a long-term  reauthorization bill that I had introduced with colleagues from New  York and West Virginia. A lapse does disrupt real estate transactions  for the 2,600 Americans who are trying to close on their homes--perhaps  on their first homes--over the next couple of days. By the way, these  are not million-dollar properties, for 98.5 percent of NFIP properties  are in parishes or counties with median household incomes of below  $100,000, and 62 percent are in parishes or counties with median  household incomes below the national average of $54,000.   Congress has always honored the flood insurance policies that NFIP  policyholders have had. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to expedite the  consideration of the National Flood Insurance Program's 4-month  extension and pass it by unanimous consent.   I yield the floor.   