 Mr. President, as we all know, right now the government  is in a shutdown. It is unfortunate. I certainly don't think it should  have happened last night.   But I think there is some good news. Watching some of the speeches  today, we see a lot of ideas coming to the floor, a lot of bipartisan  ideas on a lot of key issues that hopefully our country is going to  make some progress on. Let me give a few examples for those who have  been watching and those who haven't.   The Presiding Officer, my friend from Arizona--I am not trying to  embarrass him or anything. I watched his speech a couple hours ago on  the way forward and what we can do to break through this unfortunate  circumstance we have right now, and he certainly has a lot of good  ideas. I commend him and appreciate his leadership on those issues.   My good friend, the Senator from Maine, Senator King, was down here  talking about continuing resolutions and these huge omnibuses, and I  would agree with him completely. As a matter of fact, Senator King and  I had a long discussion on the floor last night about how the system is  broken. There are a number of Senators--I think some of the newer  Senators--who see it that way. This is no way to move forward, to fund  our government with these continuing resolutions and huge omnibuses at  the end of the year. So a number of us--and I think it is bipartisan-- want to look at reforms to fix this. Senator Perdue of Georgia has been  leading efforts. I think it is very important--and I certainly am part  of that group--to look at longer term fixes.   The Senator from Michigan came down and talked about community health  centers. Community health centers are incredibly important for my State  of Alaska. Ten percent of all community health centers in the country-- 160--are in my State. So I couldn't agree more about the necessity to  move forward on more stable funding.   A number of Senators were just down on the floor giving very  passionate remarks about the Children's Health Insurance Program, CHIP.  Again, it is very important in my State. A lot of people in this  country are concerned about the reauthorization of CHIP, and there were  some passionate statements on the floor. I would say to my colleagues  respectfully, and I respect all of them and welcome the opportunity to  work with all of them, they didn't actually address one issue. When  they said that a lot of Americans have been worried about this  happening for the last 3 months, they didn't actually say why they  didn't vote to reauthorize it last night for a 6-year reauthorization.   The Senator from Ohio talked about how people were worried and  concerned. Well, guess what--last night he had the opportunity to get  rid of their worries and concerns. And when they woke up this morning,  they were still worried and concerned, and so are my Alaskan  constituents, which is why I voted for the bill last night. Had they  voted for the bill on CHIP, the worries and concerns would have gone  away.   So there were a lot of passionate speeches on this issue, but not one  of them actually said: But here is why I didn't vote for it last night.  It would be good to know what the answer to that is.   But I really wanted to come to the floor again to emphasize something  I have made a few remarks on in the last couple of days on the floor  because it is something that I am concerned about, and it is something  I want the American people to recognize, and it is a big issue for me.   I think the American people need to be skeptical when they hear on  the floor the minority leader and part of his leadership team with  their new talking points about their focus on the military and military  spending and rebuilding our military.   In the run-up to the shutdown, we had started to see the minority  leader and some of the leadership team trotting out new talking points.  They went like this: With the shutdown approaching, we are really,  really concerned about the military and readiness and funding for our  troops and their families and rebuilding the military.   In fact, in the last 3 days, I think I have heard more from the  leadership of the other side on this issue than I have in my 3 years in  the Senate. I think the minority leader in the last 3 days is starting  to sound like my good friend from Arizona, Senator McCain, this body's  true champion of the military and military funding.   I actually welcome this change of heart by the minority leader. There  is a group of us in the Senate--many who serve on the Armed Services  Committee, led by Senator McCain--who have been focused on increasing  funding for our troops. A lot of it is Republicans, but it is also some  Democrats. I see my good friend from West Virginia is on the floor. He  is certainly one of them. He is on that committee. We talk about this  issue a lot. Senator King was on the floor again. He is focused on this  issue. It is an issue that a lot of us in this body have been focused  on daily, whether on the Armed Services or in other committees. The  Senator from West Virginia and I also serve on the Committee on  Veterans' Affairs together. For me, it is one of the most important  issues that we can focus on in this body--the national defense of our  country.    I have had the honor of serving in the Marine Corps for almost a  quarter of a century. For my State--the great State of Alaska--these  issues are enormously important to my constituents. We have more  veterans per capita than any other State in the country, thousands of  Active Duty and Reserve troops, thousands of civilians who support  them, and numerous bases in Alaska because of our strategic location. A  number of us really care about these issues regarding the military and  funding and supporting our troops.   As I mentioned, I welcome the Democratic leader's new focus in the  last 72 hours on military readiness and full funding as we put forward  a national defense authorization bill that really started to rebuild  our military and support our troops and their families. But I must  admit that I am a little bit skeptical. As a matter of fact, I am very  skeptical. I think the American people who are watching these debates  and listening--whether on TV or in the Gallery--when you see these new  talking points of concern from the Democratic leader about our troops  and funding, you should be skeptical too. Why? What is really going on  here? Why all this new talk?   Again, there has been more in 72 hours than I have seen as a  Presiding Officer and watching C-SPAN in 3 years from the Democratic  leader on how important it is to fund our troops. I think he might be  overcompensating. I think they might be a bit worried. I think they may  be feeling a bit defensive. I think they might be trying to preempt  arguments that their policies of late are actually really harmful to  the military, our troops, and their families.   If you look at the record, their policies of late have been really  harmful to our military, our troops, and our families. And this is the  most important point. Actions on this issue speak louder than words.  Policies that are being promoted are a lot more important to look at  than newly crafted, slick talking points.   Let me provide a few examples. The most recent was last night. We had  a government shutdown. We didn't need to have a government shutdown,  but we had a government shutdown. It was driven by the Democratic  leader. The people who are hurt the most on this, by far, are our  troops and the civilians who support them. We all know this.  [[Page S380]]    As of today, guess what. The lance corporal in the Marine Corps, who  is deployed overseas in Iraq, is not getting paid. A lance corporal  doesn't make a lot of money. Well, he is not getting paid. He is  risking his life for his country. He is in combat, protecting our  national interests, and he doesn't get paid. That happened last night.   We talk about how bad a continuing resolution is. Again, the  Democratic leader was saying: Hey, a continuing resolution is really  bad for our troops. That is why I am so skeptical of it. I want to  protect the troops.   Wrong. A continuing resolution is really bad for our troops; there is  no doubt about it. But what is worse is a government shutdown. Ask any  military leader. Ask any military leader what the disruption that  happened on the Senate floor last night does to our readiness and our  ability to protect this country.   I have served in the Reserves and on Active Duty for almost 25 years.  I remember, in 2013, getting ready for Reserve duty training. We didn't  even know if we were going to train or not--no emails. We had no idea  what was going to happen when the government was shut down. It was  chaos, just as the Democratic leader predicted it would be.   Here is another one--survivor benefits. A survivor benefit goes to a  spouse or child of someone who is related to one of our heroes who was  killed in the line of duty. It is really important that we, as a  government, take care of those families. Guess what happened last night  when we shut down the government. Survivor benefits were stopped; they  are not being paid.   Again, stay skeptical on this idea that ``Hey, we really are--new  points, we really are supporting our troops.'' Last night was a case in  point where actions speak louder than words--not supporting the troops  at all.   The civilians--in my State we have hundreds, if not thousands, of  patriotic civilian members of the military or civilians who support the  military--many of whom are retired military--who are now not going to  go to work on Monday, if we are still shut down, at the military bases  to support our troops. That is not helping our troops.   Let me give another example of where actions speak louder than words.  We have been having very difficult discussions, and they are tough. It  is one of the reasons we need to fix our budget process as to what  level we should be increasing funding for the military. Those on the  Armed Services Committee have authorized a significant increase. Again,  it was bipartisan on the NDAA bill, but the Democratic leader has been  demanding in these negotiations what he calls parity.   It sounds simple. What does that mean? Let me give you a little  background on that. From 2010 to 2016, we cut our defense spending by  25 percent as national security threats to our country increase. There  is nobody who disputes that. ISIS, Iran, Russia, China, North Korea-- these are all challenges facing us right now, and we have been cutting  our spending and cutting troops, dramatically cutting troops.   I think pretty much everybody in this body is saying: Whoa, bad idea.  We shouldn't do that.   In the NDAA, we dramatically increased our authorization for the  military. That was a good step--very bipartisan. But in these  negotiations we have been having over the last several months, the  demand from the Democratic leaders was, any increase in the Department  of Defense budget has to be met with an equivalent increase in domestic  agencies. In other words, if you want to increase the budget for the  Marine Corps, increase the budget for the EPA.   I think most Americans don't agree with that. It certainly doesn't  show some kind of newfound respect for supporting our troops. But that  is what is happening right now. Again, actions speak louder than words.   Let me provide one final example of actions that certainly don't seem  to be supporting our military, speaking louder than words.  Unfortunately, the other side is starting to have a practice, a regular  practice, of filibustering spending for our troops. Let me explain  this. In 2015, a number of us were newly elected, and we said: We need  a better budget process. Obviously, we are seeing that it is not  working well. Let's go through regular order. Let's get the  Appropriations Committee to work really hard and put out 12  appropriations bills, which they debate in the appropriations  committee. Then, let's bring them to the floor and vote on them. That  is a way to avoid this crazy omnibus, continuing resolution debacle  that we find ourselves in today and most of the time. We were really  focused on doing that. We tried.   As a matter of fact, the Appropriations Committee did a great job. It  was a lot of hard work--very bipartisan. They reported out 12  appropriations bills by the spring of 2015. Most of those bills were  very bipartisan.   What we thought was, all right, that is a good start. Everyone seems  to want to do that. Let's bring up the bill that is actually important.  In 2015, with the rise of ISIS, our troops are in combat. Let's bring  up the Defense appropriations bill, which came out of committee  unanimously. Every Senator on the appropriations committee--Democrat  and Republican--voted for that.   Let's bring that to the floor. We did.   Let's have a debate. We are going to fund our military--these new  talking points about our supporting our troops.   What happened that summer? The Democratic leadership filibustered the  spending for our troops. They wouldn't let us vote on the bill. They  wouldn't let it come to the floor. They stopped funding for our troops.   A number of us were upset. I know some of the Democrats were upset by  this because they didn't all support it. You need only 41 to  filibuster, as we saw last night.   A number of us said: Well, let's keep bringing it up. They can't be  serious. Our troops are in combat. Everyone knows we have national  security threats.   The bill came out of committee unanimously. Let's bring it up again.  I guarantee you, if their constituents back home, whatever State they  are from, whatever party they are--Democrat, Republican--knew that  their Senator was filibustering the spending for their national  security, the troops, and their families, they probably wouldn't be  very happy.   We brought it to the floor again and again and again--five times.  Guess what. Every time, the Democratic leadership filibustered spending  for our troops.   I guarantee you, there was probably 80 percent support in this  country, or more: Hey, let's vote on that. It came out of committee  unanimously. The troops are protecting us all over the world. Let's  vote on that.   We never got to vote on it.   In conclusion, the next time the minority leader comes to the floor  during this debate, emphasizing his concerns about our troops and their  funding and the need to rebuild them and their well-being,  Shakespeare's insights about protesting a bit too much should come to  mind. Be skeptical. Be skeptical. Actions speak louder than words. This  has not been a focus of the Democratic leadership.   Here is what I believe is happening. Given their actions--including  what happened last night, which really harms our military, and  everybody knows it--the specter of the Democratic party once again  becoming equated with America's anti-military, which occurred in the  1970s, is haunting them.   Again, I serve on the Armed Services Committee. I serve with  wonderful Senators--Democrats and Republicans--who support the  military, who support our veterans being on the Committee on Veterans'  Affairs, and I know the vast majority in this body support our troops.  But the actions of the leadership on the other side don't show that.  Yet they are trotting out new talking points about their newfound focus  of rebuilding the military and taking care of our troops and their  families.   Let me make this final suggestion. The best way to actually show that  to the American people, all of whom support it, is not through newly  crafted, slick talking points but through actions and policies that  truly and sincerely focus on what we all agree we need to do, which is  rebuild our military, rebuild readiness, take care of the troops and  their families. We can start by ending this ill-conceived government  shutdown as soon as possible as one concrete action to actually do  that.  [[Page S381]]    I yield the floor.   