 Mr. President, this week people in Virginia and Maryland  are waking up to the first rate filings by private insurance companies  in 2018. The numbers are simply stunning.   I am coming to the floor today to talk about what is going to be a  very unhappy spring and summer for healthcare consumers all across the  country, as health insurance companies--having now dealt with a full  year and a half of President Trump's sabotage of the American  healthcare system--are going to be looking at gigantic, unaffordable  premium hikes for private healthcare insurance.   I wanted to come down today, as we are starting to get into these  rate filings, as our constituents are starting to ask why they are  facing premium increases of, in some cases, up to 90 percent--think  about that. Think about getting a notice from your insurance company  telling you that in 1 year, your premium is going to double. The cost  of getting health insurance is going to double. I feel it is time to  come down and talk about why this is happening, why you are seeing  these radical rate hikes being proposed from insurance companies.   I want to walk through, for my colleagues, this very deliberate  campaign of sabotage that this administration and congressional  Republicans have waged against the Affordable Care Act and the American  healthcare system writ large.   It starts on January 20. Within hours of being inaugurated, President  Trump issues an Executive order in which he directs all of his Federal  agencies to use their administrative powers to begin dismantling the  Affordable Care  [[Page S2562]]  Act ``to the maximum extent permitted by law.''   This is before there is any proposal for what should substitute for a  piece of legislation that insured 20 million people who didn't have  insurance before the Affordable Care Act. It was before we knew that  replacement would, in fact, uninsure, not 20 million people but 30  million people and drive up rates by double digits.   On the first day, President Trump tells his agencies to start  dismantling and attacking the Affordable Care Act. At this point, the  Affordable Care Act is so wrapped into the healthcare system of this  country that when attacking the Affordable Care Act, you are attacking  the entirety of the healthcare system.   On January 26, 2017, the administration announces that it will stop  advertising the open enrollment period for the Affordable Care Act. The  administration says: We are no longer going to tell Americans that they  have an option to become insured or to get less expensive coverage  through the healthcare exchanges set up around the country or through  the national exchange, leaving millions of Americans in the dark.   Next, the President starts to threaten insurance companies-- threatening to pull the subsidies that Congress approved allowing for  premiums to be reduced for lower income beneficiaries. The Trump  administration starts threatening to pull those cost-sharing reduction  payments in April of 2017. Eventually, in October of last year, the  administration follows through on that threat and ends payments to  insurance companies to help reduce cost-sharing for beneficiaries,  driving up the cost of insurance all across the country.   If you listen to health insurance executives talk to you about why  they are passing on these big premium increases, they will tell you  that one of the biggest reasons is the end of this program to help  defray the costs for lower income individuals. Also, in 2017, about the  same time he starts threatening to reduce these payments, the President  cuts in half the open enrollment period. There is no reason to cut in  half the open enrollment period other than you just don't want people  to get insurance. It is a deliberate sabotage.    Cutting in half the enrollment period is simply a mechanism to try to  deny people the ability to get healthcare. There is no practical or  logistical benefit to reducing the amount of time people have to buy  healthcare, just as there is no practical benefit to cutting off all  the advertising for the healthcare exchanges other than you don't want  people to sign up.   In July of 2017, the Department of Health and Human Services starts  to unveil videos--23 of them in all--featuring individuals explaining  how the Affordable Care Act has hurt the American healthcare system.  They used their Twitter account to amplify these anti-ACA messages, and  they removed any content promoting the exchanges from the website. Once  again, it is just a spiteful attack on Americans who want to get health  insurance and now will not know about it because of these attacks and  removal of that content.   Open enrollment outreach funding was reduced in August of 2017 by as  much as 90 percent. So the helpful people you used to have trying to  figure out whether you qualified for Medicaid or whether you qualified  for a subsidy or a tax credit are no longer available because that  money was taken away.   Then there was the big legislative intervention, the repeal of the  individual mandate. The individual mandate was repealed as part of the  tax bill, even though CBO told Congress: If you do that, 13 million  people will lose insurance. With full knowledge that the repeal of the  mandate would result in 13 million Americans losing their health  insurance, Congress went forward with it. CBO also said it will result  in double-digit premium increases. Congress was told, if you take this  step, 13 million will lose coverage, and premiums will go up. Congress  still moved forward with it, and it was passed as part of the tax bill,  with no Democratic votes.   Finally, the President most recently unveiled what he called the  short-term health insurance plan rule. These are more commonly referred  to as junk plans. These are plans that last up to a year but don't need  to comply with Federal regulations; for instance, regulations that  require insurance companies to actually give you coverage for things  like mental illness or maternity care or regulations that require  insurance companies to protect people with preexisting conditions. All  of those superpopular benefits in the Affordable Care Act--the ones the  Republicans were so nervous to remove--are now no longer available to  many Americans. Because of this short-term plan rule, these junk plans  are going to be much more widely available.   So you have this very coordinated, very deliberate attack on the  American healthcare system: the Executive order in January of 2017,  directing all Federal agencies to start undermining the American  healthcare system; in April of 2017, the cut in the open enrollment  period; in May, the votes start happening on the floor of the Senate to  take insurance away from 23 million people--one of the bills took away  insurance from 30 million people; in December, the repeal of the  individual mandate, resulting in premiums going up by double digits;  and now this junk plan rule, taking away protections from millions of  Americans. The effect of that junk plan rule is also to move healthier  patients out of the exchange pools into the junk plans because the junk  plans don't have to cover anything, so healthy people will go to those  plans, which drives up rates for the plans that people with any kind of  preexisting condition would be able to access.   You have this very deliberate plan to try to undermine the American  healthcare system, and we are now seeing the consequences. As I  mentioned, the period of rate filings is beginning across the country,  where insurance companies have to announce what their rate increases  are going to be.   Healthcare inflation, on an annual basis, has been holding steady  over the years. It certainly never gets above 10 percent, and for a  number of years during the early rollout of the Affordable Care Act,  that number was at or lower than 5 percent. So if you are just looking  at the amount we are spending on an annual basis above last year on  healthcare, that number has not recently been more than 5 percent. Yet  one insurer in Virginia--a subsidiary of the big health insurance  company, CareFirst--is proposing a 64-percent increase in Virginia.  Other rate increase requests in Virginia are 26 percent and 15 percent.  Nobody can afford a 64-percent increase in health insurance premiums in  Virginia, but it is a consequence of this deliberate campaign of  sabotage.   Let's take a look at Maryland. There is one insurance company in  Maryland that is asking for a 91-percent increase in premiums--again,  this is a CareFirst plan--for its broad network PPO plan that currently  has about 13,000 people in it. Thirteen thousand people in Maryland  potentially are going to get a 91-percent increase in their health  insurance premiums because of this deliberate campaign of sabotage.   If you are in other CareFirst plans in Maryland, you are getting a  19-percent increase. Your premiums are going up by one-fifth in one  single year, in large part, because of this deliberate campaign to  undermine the Affordable Care Act because of actions this Congress has  taken that would knowingly increase rates for healthcare consumers.   My colleagues and I are going to come down to the floor of the  Senate, over the course of the spring and summer, to make sure everyone  here and every one out there in America understands what the  consequences of this American healthcare sabotage campaign is. It  starts in Maryland with rate increases that get as big as 91 percent,  and in Virginia, where health insurance increases get as big as 64  percent. These numbers will continue to roll out all across the  country, and Americans are going to be stunned--stunned--at how much  this Republican campaign sabotage is costing them.   I will just add one last note, which, to many of my constituents in  Connecticut, feels like insult to injury. The tax bill did drive up  rates by 10 percent, at least, in the first year. A big chunk of these  increases, more than 10 percent, is a result of the repeal of the  individual mandate, but the tax bill also gave a windfall to insurance  companies and drug companies--some of the biggest players in the  healthcare space.  [[Page S2563]]    I just totaled up the projected 2018 tax savings to eight of the  biggest insurance companies in the country, and it is over $4 billion.  At the same time that these companies are passing along rate increases  of 64 percent or 90 percent, they are getting billions of dollars in  tax savings from this Congress. It appears none of the tax breaks this  Congress bestowed on the insurance industry is going to consumers.   When you look at the drug industry, where we have a little bit more  mature information, you know why. One report, I believe released by the  Finance Committee, showed that pharmaceutical companies already have  announced $50--50--billion in stock buybacks and share buybacks as a  result of the tax bill. These drug companies aren't announcing price  cuts to insurance companies; these drug companies are not announcing  price cuts for consumers; these drug companies are announcing massive  share and stock buybacks that will largely benefit the millionaire and  billionaire investors in those drug companies. This is insult to injury  for the people in my State and people all across the country because  they are watching their healthcare insurance premiums skyrocket, while  the windfall of the tax bill accrues to the owners of the insurance  companies and the drug companies.   What a great time to be in the healthcare business today. You get a  giant tax break, and you get to pass along gigantic premium increases  to consumers all across this country.   Think about it. Somebody in Maryland, making $30,000, $40,000 a year  and being told the insurance company he does business with is going to  get $1 billion in new tax relief from this Congress, and he is going to  get a 91-percent increase in his premium. That is outrageous. That is  outrageous, and yet it is just going to get worse.   As this spring and summer plays out--I think every single week there  is a new State or set of States unveiling rate filings--I will come  down and update this chart so everybody knows what the numbers are. It  starts with rate increases as high--and I am not saying every single  increase is this high, but in Virginia it is 64 percent, and in  Maryland it is 91 percent. I have a feeling there are going to be a lot  of very big numbers on this board, and I want to make sure everybody  understands that if you want to know why premiums are going up at the  rate they are, you don't have to look any further than this campaign of  healthcare sabotage that has been waged by the Trump administration and  Republicans in Congress.   I yield the floor.   