 Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the McGovern/Emmer  Amendment to the Department of Defense Appropriations Act for Fiscal  Year 2019.   Throughout my time in Congress, I have been privileged to meet with  many of our nation's veterans. The men and women in our armed forces  are heroes and embody the best our nation has to offer. Yet, far too  often they do not receive the recognition and credit they deserve. This  is especially true when it comes to our nation's Atomic Veterans.   From 1945 to 1962, nearly a quarter of a million servicemen played a  role in the testing of nuclear weapons, earning them the title of  ``Atomic Veterans''.   They risked their lives and were forced to suffer in silence without  proper recognition for their service and bravery.   Since 1990, the federal government has taken different steps to  recognize and thank these Atomic Vets, but all have fallen short of  official recognition through an award or medal.   Today, that can change with the support from the men and women in  this Congress.   With this amendment, we have an opportunity to finally acknowledge  the incredible sacrifice these courageous individuals made more than a  half century ago.   Our amendment builds upon the authorizing language which has been  unanimously adopted by the House of Representatives in every National  Defense Authorization Act for the past three years.   That language requires the Department of Defense to issue a service  medal to the veterans or surviving families of those members of our  Armed Forces who participated in above-ground nuclear weapons testing;  were part of the U.S. military occupation forces in or around Hiroshima  and Nagasaki before 1946; or were held as POWs in or near Hiroshima or  Nagasaki.   Our amendment today would provide $250,000 for the Department of  Defense to begin the process of creating this award so we can honor the  individuals who have served their country.   These veterans left their homes, left their families, and put their  lives on the line to protect the freedoms and liberties we enjoy each  and every day. Unfortunately, this recognition may come too late for  many of our Atomic Vets, but it is our job to ensure these brave  soldiers get the recognition they deserve.   Again, I'd like to thank Congressman McGovern and his staff for his  efforts on this issue, as well as Chairwoman Granger and Ranking Member  Visclosky for their hard work on the underlying bill.   I urge adoption of this amendment.   