 Mr. President, I rise to speak on the nomination of  Commissioner Michelle Bowman to be a Member of the Board of Governors  of the Federal Reserve System.   The Federal Reserve is charged with ensuring financial institutions  are safe and sound, promoting financial stability and carrying out U.S.  monetary policy.   Decisions made by the Federal Reserve have a significant impact on  the economy, businesses, and households across the Nation.   Commissioner Bowman is highly qualified to fill the Federal Reserve  Board role reserved for a person with community banking experience.   Commissioner Bowman has served as the State Bank Commissioner of  Kansas since February 2017.   Prior to that, she worked as a vice president at Farmers and Drovers  Bank, a Kansas-based community bank with $175 million in assets.   She has also previously served in a number of government roles,  including as a staffer in both the Senate and House, as well as in  various roles at the Department of Homeland Security.   Commissioner Bowman learned banking from the frontlines to the back  office at Farmers and Drovers Bank, an institution with which her  family first became involved in 1882.   As a former community banker and bank regulator, she is intimately  familiar with the business of banking, its regulatory framework, and  how regulators' decisions impact banks and the communities in which  they operate.   She knows firsthand the unique relationships that community banks  foster with their local communities, often operating through  relationship banking to provide access to credit, support employment,  and promote economic growth.   In her nomination hearing, Commissioner Bowman noted, ``I have  witnessed firsthand how the regulatory environment created in the  aftermath of the crisis has disadvantaged community banks.''   ``If confirmed, I will bring this perspective to my work at the Board  to ensure that rules preserve the resiliency of the financial system,  but are appropriately tailored to the size, complexity and risk of an  institution.''   I am encouraged by the attention she has paid to the need to  appropriately tailor regulations and the potential consequences of not  doing so.   In May, the President signed into law S. 2155, the Economic Growth,  Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act.   This bill tailors regulations for midsized and regional banks and  provides meaningful relief to community banks.   Commissioner Bowman brings a unique expertise and perspective to the  Federal Reserve as it continues implementing key provisions of the  bill.   The Federal Reserve also sets U.S. monetary policy.   In her confirmation hearing, Commissioner Bowman reassured the  Banking Committee that her decisions would be based on sound economic  policies.   This is significant during a period of monetary policy normalization  at the Fed.   I am confident she will contribute positively toward the Federal  Reserve fulfilling its mission.   I will be voting in favor of Commissioner Bowman's nomination today,  and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   