 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Strongly.    Mr. Speaker, I offer this motion to recommit because  Republicans have been motionless when it comes to acting on the  spiraling drug prices that are harming so many Americans.   The willingness of this Congress to sit on its hands, stand idle in  the face of the prescription price gouging that so many of our  neighbors face, is nothing short of appalling, and there is  [[Page H3857]]  nothing ``smarter'' in this bill about dealing with that terrible  problem.   Of course, President Trump has told us it is going to be  ``beautiful,'' but every time you turn around, he is cozying up with  some pharmaceutical lobbyists that are raising prices and putting some  of their people in charge of his drug agenda.   All that this motion does is to take the very modest step of reducing  the possibility that, through further mergers of drug companies, we  will see the sick and dying extorted even more than they are today with  skyrocketing prices that are made even worse when these mergers occur.   If this motion passes, it won't kill the bill or slow it down a  moment.   What it will do is to give life to an effort to contain these mergers  and see that prescription prices don't soar even further. Yes, it is  not the principal issue on drug prices. Unfortunately, there is no  wonder drug to stop prescription price gouging, but this is one of the  only ways to get the issue to the floor of this House because our  Republican colleagues in every committee are determined to remain  silent and see no action whatsoever.   I continue to hear from my neighbors back in Texas who care about  this a lot more than my Republican colleagues. They tell me they cannot  afford their prescriptions or they are burdened with immense debt to do  it.   I think of Elaine in San Antonio, who has suffered with glaucoma for  a number of years. She is fighting to save her eyesight, but now her  copays on three different necessary drops are costing $400, $227, $178  per month. She says she wants to finish her senior years in dignity but  is burdened down by these outrageous prices.   The choice should not be blindness or rent for a senior who has  worked and saved all their lifetime.   Even in the face of the opioid epidemic, where we are about to hear  about a whole lot of bills on the floor that don't do a whole lot, but  in the face of that crisis, a devastating national public health  emergency, the price of naloxone, a lifesaving overdose reversal drug,  has been spiked by almost 600 percent.   Even an effective drug is 100 percent ineffective when it is  unaffordable.   Too many drugs are ineffective for too many people because drug  prices have soared at a rate of ten times the rate of inflation. But  where some see a crisis like that, others see a revenue opportunity.   Brand name pharmaceutical manufacturers rely upon government-approved  monopolies to charge monopoly prices, whatever they can get out of the  sick and dying. They utilize as many maneuvers as possible to  perpetuate their monopolies as long as possible while pouring their  money, not into research and development of new drugs, but into  lobbying this Congress and the administration.   Drug manufacturers spent $171 million last year in Federal lobbying,  more than insurance, oil and gas, electronics, or any other industries.  They had more lobbyists than we had Members of Congress. In fact, they  could have a two-on-one defense to assure that this Congress is quiet,  it is inactive, it is unresponsive to people.   Let's pass this motion and ensure that when the pharmaceutical  companies use the $80 billion tax windfall, that they were just  rewarded by the Republicans to pay for more mergers, that consumers  don't get caught in the middle and see their prices spike even further.   We need to commit ourselves to action by approving this motion to  recommit, to commit ourselves to putting consumers first over Big  Pharma.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   