 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding me the time.   Mr. Speaker, the very things that my colleagues across the aisle are  arguing could have been argued back in Watergate days and they would  have kept Richard Nixon in office.   Some of us on this side of the aisle don't care about party as much  as we do about justice and the truth. And what we have found is that  leading intelligence people and Justice people were lying.   Clapper has been found to have been a liar, perjured himself; so has  Brennan.   And then we get more information that has been objected to, redacted,  and we find out, whoa. These guys said this was for national security,  and it turns out, when we get the information, actually, it was because  it was embarrassing to the people objecting.   Oversight is absolutely critical, and the last administration didn't  have enough oversight, and, in fact, they obstructed. They were able to  drag things out, so we never got to the bottom of things like Fast and  Furious, when one of our own precious American agents was killed. There  were no answers, and they are trying it again.   But now we have this obligation to make sure that these documents  that have been hidden are brought forward.   And, yes, we have Mr. Rosenstein, who actually was involved in an  investigation of Russia trying to get, illegally, U.S. uranium, and he  worked with a guy named Mueller, who hired a guy named Weissmann to  help in that investigation. And they have hidden what went on there and  even forced a witness to sign a nondisclosure agreement--unheard of in  that situation.   It is imperative that we bring these things out. We have too many  people in the Justice Department--I watched one of them named Strzok  yesterday, and I can't go into what he said, but I was going: Wow. We  know that is a lie, what he just said. He is so good.   And then I realized he must have said, straight-faced, to his wife  100 times about: Oh, no, there is nothing going on with me and Ms.  Page.   There are too many people in the Justice Department who have gotten  too good at lying. We need these documents to see what is the truth.   