 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Mr.  Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. This  is clearly a bipartisan collaboration.   I am proud to be the main sponsor of H.R. 1676, the Palliative Care  and Hospice Education and Training Act, and I urge my colleagues to  support this important bill.   The goal of palliative care is to alleviate suffering for patients  and their loved ones, accompanying efforts to treat or cure illness. So  while the illness is being treated, there is support being given to the  person who is sick and for their loved ones as well.   It entails support from a team of doctors, nurses, social workers,  physician assistants, clergy persons, and other specialists who provide  an extra layer of assistance, including help with medical  decisionmaking and coordination of care across multiple settings. It is  appropriate at any age and at any stage in a serious illness.   Palliative and hospice care have been associated with enhanced  quality of life for patients, but too many people simply don't know  about these benefits. On top of that, there is a shortage of educated  providers who can offer quality palliative and hospice care.   That is where this bill comes in.   The Palliative Care and Hospice Education and Training Act addresses  these issues by expanding opportunities for training in palliative and  hospice care.   This bill also aims to better educate patients, families, and health  professionals about palliative care's benefits, and encourages NIH to  expand research around this topic.   Ultimately, this bill will help us ensure that there is a well- trained palliative care workforce available to care for patients, a  goal that I believe will also be critical to turning the tide of the  ongoing opioid epidemic.   One of the goals of palliative care is to provide relief from the  pain of a serious illness. By creating the infrastructure needed to  better educate health professionals on palliative care, this  legislation will also help ensure health professionals are able to  properly manage patients' pain and practice appropriate evidence-based  prescribing, a space where, as the opioid crisis has shown, we need to  do much better.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Pallone,  Chairman Burgess, and Ranking Member Green for helping to move this  bill forward. I also want to thank Congressman  Tom Reed and  Congressman Buddy Carter, who coauthored the bill, and all of its 285  bipartisan cosponsors. This is about as bipartisan as you can get.   We are dealing with issues that people sometimes don't like to talk  about, end of life issues, issues of that nature, but it is something  that must be talked about, because families need help. This will give  the families the help that they need.   I think every one of us has felt the pain and stress of a serious  illness either personally or standing alongside a loved one. By passing  this bill, we will take an important step to bring much, much needed  relief to both patients and their loved ones.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues on the committee and all  the people who worked to make this bill bipartisan. We can all be proud  of this when it becomes law.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   