 Mr. President, today I want to join my colleague from  Minnesota and other Senators in talking about our colleague, an  American icon, who played an outsized role in our Nation's great story.   Navy captain, Congressman, and U.S. Senator, John McCain was first  and foremost a patriot. Throughout his whole life, a very prolific  life, he lived the motto of his 2008 Presidential campaign, which was  simply ``Country First.''   I had the privilege of helping Senator McCain during that 2008  campaign. I was in the private sector then. I took time off to spend  about 6 weeks with him, traveling around the country. I was on the  campaign trail with a group of his loyal friends, including the first  friend, Lindsey Graham.   I had known John for many years, but you really get to know somebody  in a different way during the intensity and the pressure of a national  campaign. I played the role of his opponent, then-Senator Barack Obama,  to prepare him for his debates, and I took that role very seriously-- maybe too seriously on occasion. It was my job to get under his skin  and prepare him well for the debates, and I did it.   Many of my colleagues will tell you he was a fighter and a tough  competitor and did not mince words. I was on the other end of that.  After some spirited debates, I was very glad that in the real world I  was actually on his side.   Needless to say, he wasn't happy with me during those debate  sessions. I think Cindy McCain still hasn't forgiven me, by the way,  for some of the things I said during the debate preparation, playing  the role of then-Senator Obama. Even 2 years later, after I was first  elected and joined him here in the U.S. Senate, he would introduce me  to reporters here in the hall by saying: That's the jerk who played  Obama.   The John McCain I got to know through the intensity of that  Presidential campaign was principled. He was patriotic, he was  passionate, and his heart was in the right place.   He also had a sense of humor that was intact. I remember when a bad  poll would come out, he would gather us around and say: Don't worry.  It's always darkest before it's pitch black.   One of the memories I will never forget was during one of those  debate preparations in a theater at the Morgan Library in New York  City. At the start of the debate practice, I was backstage behind a  curtain because I wanted it to be realistic; I would be coming out from  behind the curtain and going to the podium, just as you would do in a  Presidential debate. It was in late September 2008--I think it was  September 24--just as the financial crisis was hitting and hitting  hard. It is difficult to go back to that moment today, but the mindset  at the time was that we were in a true crisis. The stock market had  crashed, and the country was mired in financial turmoil.   As I stood there behind the curtain, getting ready to come out, John  McCain and two of his top campaign advisers were on the stage, getting  into their own debate, and their debate was about whether to suspend  the campaign, postpone the first debate that was scheduled to occur  just a few days  [[Page S5978]]  later, and fly back to Washington, DC, to try to work out some  legislative solution to bolster the then really shaky financial system.   I distinctly remember one of the advisers raising concerns that  suspending the campaign would hurt them politically. They just couldn't  do it.   By the way, that was a point of view that was shared by pretty much  every political pundit and probably would be today.   I remember John McCain pushing back. He said: It is the right thing  to do, to suspend this campaign. If we don't fix this, there won't be a  country left to govern.   It is the right thing to do. If we don't fix this, there won't be a  country left to govern.   He suspended his campaign and he returned to Washington to jump into  the arena--like his hero, Teddy Roosevelt--and to try to fix things.  John McCain was less worried about the political fallout than he was  about what was at stake for our great country. Country first.   He didn't win that campaign, but I think he taught all of us a lesson  about how to lose. He gave a generous concession speech that put  country first. He was someone a lot of us looked to for counsel and  worked with on many issues, often national security issues, in my case.  He was an expert. I worked on some issues like Ukraine, but also on  other matters.   Just in the last year, he played a key role in helping us enact  reforms here in the U.S. Senate that are making a real difference right  now in combating online sex trafficking. This was through legislation  that I had introduced called the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act, or  SESTA. This SESTA legislation was something he was very involved with.  Cindy McCain has a long history in this area. She is a real expert on  it, and she was instrumental in the legislation and these reforms, as  was the McCain Institute.   John had a passion for it. He was the first Republican cosponsor of  the bill and a passionate advocate. He believed in his heart that the  sale of women and children online was just wrong, and it should never  happen, certainly not in this country in this century.   About 6 months ago, this legislation, the SESTA bill, was about to be  voted on. After getting permission from my Democratic coauthor, Senator  Richard Blumenthal, who agreed with me, I approached John McCain, and I  asked him if we could name this anti-sex-trafficking legislation ``the  McCain bill,'' after him and after Cindy and all the work he had done-- his passion for it. His response was immediate and classic McCain. He  said: No, that wouldn't be right. I strongly support the legislation,  but you all did the work. It isn't about me; it's about getting this  done for those women and those children. Country first.   For me, this Chamber is never going to be the same place without him.  It is as simple as that, and Lindsey Graham said that well earlier. For  me, this place, the Senate, and our country, for that matter, are  better off because of him. He dedicated his life to those liberties  that we enjoy as Americans, and he took it upon himself to defend and  represent them and try to spread them around the globe.   He joined the U.S. Navy to protect our country, spent more than 5  years as a prisoner of war, was stubbornly patriotic to his own  detriment, and served in the House of Representatives and in the U.S.  Senate, representing not just his Arizona constituents, which he did  well, but as he viewed it, the entire country. Country first.   Now, as a gesture of our Nation's gratitude for the patriotic path he  blazed, Senator McCain will lie in state in the U.S. Capitol, draped in  the flag that he spent his life serving.   John McCain was a hero in the flesh right here in this century, and I  feel blessed for having known him.   The last conversation I remember having with John was right out here  in the anteroom off the Senate floor. It was during his very last days  here. He was in a wheelchair. He had a brace on his leg, necessary  because of the chemotherapy, and his voice was faltering. We sat and we  talked, first about the SESTA legislation and Cindy's role. John always  had a funny line. In this case he joked, saying: Passing that  legislation will save my marriage.   Then he started talking about his kids. He went into detail about  what they were doing, especially his sons in the military and what they  were accomplishing and his daughter Meghan and her work in the media  world, how proud he was of them. His voice strengthened, and his eyes  shown with pride as he talked about each of them. I muttered something  about that being another part of his legacy, and he gave me that  crooked smile.    Family and country first.   My wife Jane and I send our condolences to John's amazing wife Cindy,  to his seven proud sons and daughters, and to the entire McCain family.   Godspeed, John McCain.   