 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this week in Washington we are going to do  something that hasn't been seen for a long time--for over a year. If  you are not careful, you may tune in and see an actual debate on the  floor of the Senate--real Senators, Democrats and Republicans, coming  to the floor actually debating an issue.   I am not sure what is going to happen because it has been so long  since we tried this, but it really is exciting to think about; that men  and women elected to this body, known as the greatest deliberative body  in America, are finally going to deliberate. It is true, and it is by  design, not by accident. After a lot of negotiation back and forth,  Senator McConnell, the Republican leader, agreed that this week we  would debate immigration and DACA, the Dream Act; that it would come to  the floor of the U.S. Senate.   I am excited about it, although I have no idea how this debate will  end--in most good debates we don't know because it depends on the  strength of an argument as to whether a measure is going to pass or not  pass, but it is certainly an issue I have been waiting for.   In fact, I have been waiting 5 years for it. It is a long time even  by Senate standards. It has been 5 years since we actually debated  immigration on the floor of the U.S. Senate. It is not because the  immigration laws of America are so perfect--far from that. It is  because it is a tough issue, it is a delicate issue, and it is a  volatile issue, and it always has been in America. I have this notion  that as soon as the Mayflower landed and the passengers got off the  boat, they looked over their shoulder and said: I hope no more people  are coming. We are perfectly happy with this country the way we see  it--because throughout history and up to today, there has always been a  resistance by those already here to new people from new places with  different languages, cultures, religions, and food.   We have done some things in the past which are not exactly things to  brag about. It was 1924 when we passed an immigration bill. There was a  fear after World War I, because Europe was in shambles, that all these  people would come flooding into America. So the Congress here and in  this Chamber and the House of Representatives passed the Immigration  Act of 1924. It was horrible. It was horrible. It expressly excluded  groups we didn't want to be a part of America's future--groups like  people of the Jewish religion, Italians, people from Eastern Europe,  the Japanese, and many others. That immigration act said: We don't want  any more of those people, and for 41 years that was the law of the  land. There were slight modifications, but that was the basic standard  for immigration in America.   Not until 1965 did we look at immigration again with a different view  to a broader acceptance of the world as part of are our future. Since  then, we have continued to have problems with immigration and questions  about change of policy.   I will just flat out state, from 10 or 15 different perspectives, the  current immigration system in America is broken--broken. When we have  11 million undocumented people in the country today, it is a broken  system. Eight of us got together 4 years ago--four Republican Senators  and four Democratic Senators--and spent months debating a new  immigration system for America. I might say immodestly, I think we did  a pretty good job of it. We presented it to the Judiciary Committee,  and it faced over 100 amendments, people who wanted to change it. At  the end of the day, we had a bill we brought to the Senate floor, and  it passed with a substantial, overwhelming bipartisan vote-- comprehensive immigration reform. We tackled every aspect of it, from  ag laborers to H-1Bs, to the Dream Act, to undocumented, right on  through. We passed it in the Senate, but, of course, with our bicameral  system of government, we needed the House to tackle the same problem,  and they refused. They wouldn't even consider the bill we passed. They  wouldn't come up with an alternative. They wouldn't try to amend it.  They just said: We are not going to talk about it, and they didn't.  [[Page S858]]    For 5 years, we have done nothing, and this year we have a chance to  do something. The fact is, we need to do something. On September 5 of  last year, President Trump announced he was eliminating what was known  as the DACA Program. The DACA Program was created by Executive order  under President Obama to give those who were characterized as Dreamers  a chance to be legal in America on a 2-year renewable basis. So 780,000  people signed up for President Obama's DACA Program all across the  United States. These were young people brought to the United States by  their parents at a very early age, and they were going to be given a  chance to stay here 2 years at a time and not be deported and be able  to legally work.    Who are these young people? Well, 91 percent of them are currently in  school or working. We know, as well, 20,000 of them have graduated from  college and are teaching in our grade schools and high schools. We know  900 of them, even though they are undocumented, volunteered to serve in  the U.S. military and are currently in uniform willing to risk their  lives for this country that hasn't accepted them as citizens. The list  goes on. They are premed students, they are in first responder status,  they are doing some pretty extraordinary things, but President Trump  announced last September 5 that the program that allowed them to stay  in the United States was coming to an end.   When? In 3 weeks, March 5 of this year. What happens if Congress  fails to do anything before March 5? If we fail to do anything to  resolve this crisis created by President Trump, we will see 1,000 of  these young people every single day falling out of protected status,  and they will be in a position where they can be deported from this  country. For many of them who were brought here as infants and  toddlers, they would be sent back to some country they don't even  remember to face a language they don't speak. That would be a terrible  outcome.   That is why we need to take up this debate and pass, on a bipartisan  basis, a measure to correct the situation, the challenge created by  President Trump's actions. We need to do it now because if the House of  Representatives is to take action before March 5, we have little time  left. Both the House and the Senate will be gone for 1 week in the  month of February, so there is very little time left before the March 5  deadline, and I hope we can tackle it and get it done.   The question that needs to be asked is, what will be debated this  week? I think a lot of things may be debated. It is an actual open  debate on the floor to some extent. It could conceivably not only be on  DACA and the Dream Act, it might even get into other immigration  issues.   There was a recent poll that was taken by Quinnipiac on some of the  issues that may come before us this week in the U.S. Senate. The  American people have been listening to this conversation, and it comes  to some pretty interesting conclusions.   This is a new Quinnipiac poll that was just released today. By a  margin of 81 percent to 14 percent, Americans want Dreamers to gain  citizenship. Support is overwhelmingly pro-Dreamer when respondents  were asked if they support ``allowing undocumented immigrants who were  brought to the United States as children to remain in the country and  eventually apply for citizenship.''   Support for the Dreamers is overwhelmingly across party lines--94  percent of Democrats support it, 82 percent of those who are  Independents, and 68 percent of Republicans support citizenship for  these Dreamers. I have read other polls that say even 61 percent of  Donald Trump voters support it. Republican voters support citizenship  68 to 24; White men, 75 to 20; and voters over 65, 80 to 14. It is hard  to find any issue in our politically divided country that brings so  many people together, but this one does overwhelmingly, both political  parties and Independents.   The other side of it is that the President is proposing a border  wall. Well, we remember that during the campaign, for sure--a big,  beautiful wall from sea to shining sea, and the Mexicans are going to  pay for it. How many times did we hear that speech? Many times.   Well, where are the American people on this border wall? Interesting  what the Quinnipiac poll tells us. By approximately a 2-to-1 margin,  the American public opposes a border wall, and when you attach the  pricetag to it--how much it will, $25 billion--the numbers change. When  first asked if they support or oppose a border wall with Mexico, the  public opposes it 59 to 37 percent. A followup question, which includes  a reference to the $25 billion pricetag President Trump has requested  to build the wall, generates even more opposition: 65 to 33--2 to 1  opposed to the border wall.   Then some on the other side say: We should slash legal immigration  into the United States. Let's put some numbers behind this question. We  are a nation of approximately 350 million people. Each year 1.1 million  legal immigrants come into the United States. About 70 percent of them  are Members of families of those already here. Some of them have waited  for their chance to join up with their families 20 years. So 75 percent  of the legal immigration is family reunification. As I mentioned, some  have waited for a long time.   Many on the other side want to limit legal immigration into the  United States, want to limit this family reunification effort and those  who come in with promises of jobs. So the question was asked in the  poll as to whether we should cut legal immigration levels.   In the Quinnipiac poll, 78 percent of Americans are opposed to  cutting legal immigration. A majority of Americans--54 percent--support  keeping legal immigration at the same or current level. More Americans,  24 percent, support increasing it rather than decreasing it, 17  percent. Even 71 percent of Republican voters want legal immigration  levels to stay either the same, 53 percent, or increase, 18 percent.   Additional poll questions found support for maintaining the current  policy regarding family reunification at 49 to 43, and the diversity  visa lottery, 48 to 49. Then we asked hot-button issues on immigration.  Throughout our history these are the issues usually raised about  immigrants. Immigrants, they say, take American jobs. Immigrants, they  say, commit too many crimes. If you listened to the President's State  of the Union Address a week or two ago, he talked about MS-13, a  reprehensible gang engaged in criminal activities overseas and in the  United States. I don't know of anyone in either political party who  endorses that. The President used some graphic examples of their  horrible, violent conduct, but when the public was asked about those  two positions--Are these immigrants taking away American jobs? Are they  committing more crime?--there was an interesting result. The American  public overwhelmingly rejects the idea that undocumented immigrants  take jobs from Americans and are prone to commit more crime.    Despite the transparent, relentless scapegoating efforts of some,  Americans do not believe that undocumented immigrants take jobs away  from Americans; by 63 to 33 percent, that was rejected. That is because  our eyes can see. Come to Central Illinois, near my hometown of  Springfield. Go to the local meat processing plant or the chicken  processing plant, and watch who comes out of that plant at quitting  time. Hispanics and Africans are taking what are pretty tough, dirty,  rough jobs because others don't want them. Take a look next time you go  into a nice restaurant in Chicago, which is certainly my honor to  represent, and look who just cleaned the dishes off the table, and when  the door swings, take a look at who is in the kitchen doing the dishes.  By and large, it is going to be immigrants who are doing those things.  Not many of us say to our sons and daughters: I am hoping the day will  come when you decide to go and pick fruit for a living. You hardly ever  hear that because we know it is hard, backbreaking work, and immigrants  do the work. So many jobs they fill are jobs that Americans aren't  jumping to fill.   How about the issue of crime? The majority of Americans do not  believe that undocumented immigrants commit more crimes than American  citizens; 72 to 17 percent rejected this idea, and that just reflects  the reality. The incidence of crimes committed by those who are  immigrants is lower than that of those who are native born. It is a  fact. It is a fact that some like to ignore.  [[Page S859]]    When it comes down to the fundamentals of the debate that faces us in  the Senate, the American people, by overwhelming majority numbers, have  picked their side on this. The question is whether Democrats and  Republicans here can find a middle ground to agree on. It remains to be  seen.   I have been engaged in this debate now for 17 years. That is a long  time even by Senate standards. It was 17 years ago when I introduced  the DREAM Act. It was 17 years ago when I said: If you were brought  here as a kid, a baby, an infant, a toddler, even a young teenager and  you had no voice on where your family was headed, it shouldn't be used  against you. If you have had a good life, gone to school, are not a  criminal, and offer some promise for a job or future in America, you  deserve a chance to earn your way to legal status and to citizenship.   I come to this with some prejudice. My mother came as an immigrant to  this country. She was brought here at the age of 2. She was the first  Dreamer in my family, and she was brought here from Lithuania, where  she was born. Her mother brought her to this country and didn't speak  English, but she brought her three kids here in the hope that they  could find opportunities that they couldn't find back in Lithuania. For  them, the land of opportunity was the city of East St. Louis, IL, which  is where I was born and I grew up. It offered immigrants a lot of tough  jobs but opportunities to maybe create a better life for their kids.  When it came to this kid, my mom and her family gave me a chance to  serve in the U.S. Senate. That is my story, that is my family's story,  but that is America's story. Time and again, that is America's story.  My grandfather didn't come here with any extraordinary skills. He came  here with a strong back and a determination to work and feed his  family, and he did it; my grandmother, the same. That is the story of  this country.   We are going to debate this week in the U.S. Senate whether it will  continue to be the story of this country. Some will argue that we have  had enough of these immigrants; we don't need any more of them. Others,  I hope, will realize that we have an opportunity here--an opportunity  not only to allow people to come to this country and be part of this  country's future but to create the kind of diversity that makes us  unique in the world, the diversity of immigration. I think we can come  up with a reasonable answer to this. There will be differences of  opinion, strongly held beliefs on one side or the other.   The question is whether this body, the U.S. Senate, with 49 Democrats  and 51 Republicans--just about as close as you can get--can reach a  common, bipartisan agreement. Wouldn't it be a headline across America  if this Senate actually had a debate and this Senate actually agreed on  something--a bipartisan agreement. I see some heads nodding, and I  won't say where, but it is somewhere in this Chamber--people who are  following this debate. I think we can do it. I really believe we can.  It will be a real test for us, but that is what we are sent to do,  isn't it? It is not to debate, issue press releases, and wave our fists  at one another, but to actually tackle a problem.   The President has created a challenge--a challenge that involves  hundreds of thousands of lives. Now it is our turn to meet that  challenge as a Senate and to show we are up to the job.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Leahy) is  necessarily absent.   