 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, yesterday FBI agents, at the direction of  the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York, seized  information from President Trump's personal attorney, Michael Cohen. It  was reported that the referral to the U.S. attorney's office originated  with Special Counsel Mueller, but the raid itself was under the  direction of the U.S. attorney's office and New York FBI agents.   We don't know the reason for Special Counsel Mueller's referral. We  do know that any referral must have been signed off by Deputy Attorney  General Rod Rosenstein. Furthermore, the U.S. attorney's office in New  York would have to be convinced that whatever information Mr. Mueller  passed along was worth pursuing, and the U.S. attorney would have to  convince an independent magistrate or judge--nonpartisan--that there  was probable cause to believe that seizing information from Mr. Cohen  would yield evidence of a crime. That is a serious and high standard  that had to be met.   I go through these details because it is important to understand that  yesterday's events could only have been the result of a rigorous legal  process, with checks every step of the way and with a very high burden  of proof. Yet, last night, President Trump said the FBI raid was a  ``disgrace,'' part of a ``witch hunt,'' an ``attack on our country,''  and mentioned that many people have encouraged him to fire Mr. Mueller.  ``We'll see what happens,'' he concluded.   Let's break this down. The President suggests that the latest events  are part of the partisan conspiracy against him. I remind the President  that the source of the referral, Special Counsel Mueller, is a lifelong  Republican. The Deputy Attorney General who signed off on the referral,  Rod Rosenstein, is a Republican, appointed by President Trump. The  Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, is a Republican, appointed by  President Trump. The U.S. attorney for the Southern District in New  York, who sought a search warrant based on that information, is a  Republican, appointed by President Trump. The agents in New York who  carried out the seizure are under the direction of Christopher Wray, a  Republican, appointed by President Trump.   If President Trump believes this to be a partisan conspiracy, he once  again ignores the fact that every major player is a Republican, and all  but the judges are appointed by President Trump himself. The partisan  affiliation of those involved really doesn't matter. These are all law  enforcement officers simply doing their job--a job enshrined by the  Constitution of the United States.   The President also tweeted this morning that ``attorney-client  privilege is dead.''   Mr. President, attorney-client privilege is alive and well, but there  is an exception when the attorney might be involved in a crime or  fraud. It is well known as the crime-fraud exception. That exception is  obviously in play today. Law enforcement officers believe there is a  good chance that the attorney for the President committed a crime or  was involved in fraud or they couldn't have gotten the OK from the  magistrate to make these seizures.   President Trump also said, the implication of his personal attorney  for potentially serious Federal crimes constitutes an ``attack on our  country.'' That is what he said, an ``attack on our country.''   With due respect, President Trump, America has been around for over  two and a half centuries. An investigation of your personal attorney is  not an attack on our country. The Japanese bombing Pearl Harbor was an  attack on our country; 9/11 was an attack on our country. When Russia  interfered with our elections, that was an attack on our country.  Investigating your personal lawyer, with a high standard to be met, is  certainly not an attack on our country. It is what America has always  been about and still is--the rule of law.   President Trump said the raid was a ``disgrace.'' I say to the  President: Mr. President, you have it wrong. Interfering with the  investigation would be a disgrace. Calling it an attack on our  [[Page S2025]]  country is a disgrace. What matters is the rule of law. In this  country, no man is above the law, not even the President. Mr.  President, your comments were the disgrace.   If the President is thinking of using this raid to fire Special  Counsel Mueller or otherwise interfere with the chain of command in the  Russia probe, we have one simple message for him: Don't even think  about it.   Special Counsel Mueller has uncovered a deep and detailed pattern of  Russian interference in our elections. It has led to several  indictments and guilty pleas. It has also led the Trump administration  itself to level sanctions against Russian individuals for meddling in  our elections. That is proof positive that Mueller's investigation is  not a so-called witch hunt.   If the President's own administration has leveled sanctions against  Russian individuals for meddling in our elections, how can the  President say it is a witch hunt? It is being pursued by his own  administration, independent of the Mueller investigation. The  investigation by Special Counsel Mueller is critical to the health of  our democracy and the security of future elections. It must--it must-- be allowed to continue.   The President seems to have a view that the Department of Justice's  sole purpose is to protect the President and go after his enemies. I  emphatically state to the President, that is not the role of the  Department of Justice. Their role is to enforce the law and go after  anyone who breaks it. That is their role, and it is not subject to the  President's political interests in any way.   President Trump should not have any contact--any contact--with the  new U.S. attorney in the Southern District, with his office, or the  Department of Justice officials overseeing an investigation of Mr.  Cohen. Any attempted contact by the President or the White House should  be reported to the Department of Justice immediately.   One final point. When President Trump implies that the Mueller  investigation is an assault on our country and our values, he is not  only dead wrong, he is wrong in a very dangerous way. Special Counsel  Mueller, the FBI, Federal prosecutors, and U.S. attorneys are following  the due process of our legal system. Calling that an attack on our  country undermines the rule of law--a bedrock principle of this great  Nation for centuries, the reason, above all, the rest of the world  looks up to these great United States of America.   The only person engaging in an attack on American values, what we all  stand for--the rule of law--is, unfortunately, President Trump. It  needs to stop. It is gnawing at the core of America.   It is difficult to know when you are living through a historic time  in this country. Our Nation has prevailed through many dark times. We  all hope that, in the sweep of history, our current moment is not one  of peril, but we have witnessed a sustained attack by the President of  the United States on the rule of law in this country, and we may be  getting to that point.   We have seen that any institution with the power to check the  President's power--the Federal Judiciary, the Department of Justice,  the FBI, the Congress, the press--suffers his disdain and derision. If  we fail to defend these institutions, which represent the rule of law,  the Constitution, and the balance of power in our country the Founding  Fathers so brilliantly enshrined, then we are letting our grand  democracy diminish.   I beseech my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand up and  say what the President is doing is wrong. Make it clear that firing  Mueller or interfering in his investigation crosses a redline and is a  threat to our constitutional order. Let us also be clear that the  President does not have the authority to order the special counsel's  firing without cause.   Finally, let us take steps to protect the special counsel from  political interference. We have several bipartisan bills designed to do  just that. Majority Leader McConnell should bring them to the floor and  let us debate them very soon.   For months, Republicans have said that legislation to protect the  special counsel is not needed because they have been assured by  nameless people that the President will not fire the special counsel.  That assurance has been shaken by the President's comments last night.  By his own words, it is clear the President may--may--be considering  firing the special counsel. This Congress must respond forcefully, and  on a bipartisan basis, by reaffirming our belief that the President  cannot fire the special counsel without cause and by passing  legislation to ensure that any attempts to remove Robert Mueller will  be unsuccessful.   We should not abide the President's attempted assault on the rule of  law in America. The eyes of history are upon us.   I yield the floor.   