 Mr. President, will the Senator yield?    This Senator from Florida wants to thank his neighbor and  colleague for his comments and to say how true it is that there is an  underserved part in healthcare that is not only the underserved in the  inner city but, clearly, also in rural America. This Senator wants to  thank the Senator from Alabama for coming forward with that piece of  legislation. I look forward to discussing it with him.   I also wish to thank the Senator for his comments about how  shortsighted it is that the government, as he stated, in his State of  Alabama, and, certainly, the government in my State of Florida, refuses  to expand Medicaid and has so for almost 7 years, when, in fact, in the  State of Florida, there is almost $5 billion a year that is sitting on  the shelf that is Florida taxpayer money that is going elsewhere if not  accessed, and it has not been accessed in my State of Florida. That is  800,000 people--almost 1 million people--poor people and disabled folks  who would be getting healthcare, and they otherwise are not getting  healthcare.   Would the Senator believe that when they don't get healthcare through  Medicaid, for which they are eligible under the law, when they get  sick, what do they do? They end up going to the emergency room. By not  having any preventive care, it is now an emergency. Of course, when  treated at the emergency room, it is the most expensive place at the  worst time. Lo and behold, it is uncompensated care, and the hospital  can't eat all of that uncompensated care. So what happens? All the rest  of us pay through increases in our premiums.   I thank the Senator for his statement about what is happening in my  neighboring State of Alabama.    Mr. President, I rise today regarding the nomination of  Dana Baiocco to serve as a Commissioner on the Consumer Product Safety  Commission, or, as we refer to it, the CPSC. It is a small, safety- focused agency. It has about 500 employees, but it has a critically  important mission to keep Americans safe from potential defects in  thousands of consumer products, many of which are imported from China.   We have seen the need to have a strong cop on the beat, and we have  seen that many times over the years. For example, back in 2007, we saw  what was referred to as a summer of recalls, when a number of  children's toys were recalled for high levels of lead and other toxic  substances.   In response to that summer of recalls in 2007, Congress almost  unanimously passed a law, the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act  of 2008, to address the safety of toys and other children's products.  But there is still a lot more to do.   Last summer, another tragedy played out in Florida, involving  portable generators. People go and buy these portable generators in  anticipation that they are going to lose electricity in their home, as  is so often the case with a hurricane. In the wake of Hurricane Irma  last year, 12 Floridians died and a number of others were injured by  the use of portable generators because carbon monoxide poisoning is  emitted from these portable generators. In many cases, the victims were  just trying to clean up debris or provide power to their families after  the storm, unaware that these generators give off large amounts of  carbon monoxide, which is colorless, odorless, and deadly.   For years we have been calling on the CPSC to ensure that portable  generators are equipped with mechanisms that limit carbon monoxide  emissions and automatically shut off the generators when the carbon  monoxide level reaches a high, dangerous lethal level in an enclosed  area that could cause death. It is a small modification to generators  that would not affect the performance but definitely would save lives.   This happens after every hurricane. People get generators because it  is a number of days or weeks without electricity, and they still want  to have electricity, and, of course, there are untold deaths. In the  case of Florida, in the aftermath of Hurricane Irma, there were 12  deaths. If small modifications had been in place last summer, it is  very likely that some of those Floridians who lost their lives would  still be with us.   That brings me to Ms. Baiocco's nomination. She certainly has a  distinguished legal career. She has been a partner of a major law firm,  and I congratulate her on that.   When she was in front of our Commerce Committee, she was asked  whether she would support a mandatory standard requiring that  generators have mechanisms that limit carbon monoxide emissions or  other devices that switch the generators off when the carbon monoxide  level rises to dangerous levels. Her response was that we should defer  to a voluntary industry standard.   I ask the Presiding Officer: Do you think the industry is going to  voluntarily put on these shutoff mechanisms? Isn't the CPSC there for  the purpose of protecting the public?   When the next hurricane hits--perhaps in the Presiding Officer's  State--do we want another dozen deaths as has occurred in Florida? I  don't think so. I think that is the role of the CPSC, and yet Ms.  Baiocco said she wants it to be voluntary with the industry. Well, that  is exactly what we have been doing for years, and we just keep seeing  more deaths and more injuries because the industry doesn't change it.  In some cases, whole families have been wiped out. That is not a  pleasant thought.   Hurricane season starts June 1, and every day that the CPSC fails to  act on portable generators, more Americans will die, especially where  hurricanes hit. The place called ``hurricane highway'' is not only the  peninsula of Florida but also the Gulf States and the gulf coast, which  includes the Presiding Officer's State. The fact that Ms. Baiocco  cannot recognize the need for a mandatory standard in this area makes  me wonder if she is going to do anything about other hazards that  impact our families.    Mr. President, I ask for 60 more seconds.    Mr. President, this is serious. There are things like  potentially toxic flame-retardant chemicals in children's products.  Remember all of those Chinese toys that were defective? Or what about  recycled crumb rubber that is used in playgrounds that have high levels  of toxic substances?   Sadly, it seems that with the administration's recent appointments to  the CPSC, the Commission could soon become known as the ``commission to  protect shareholders and companies.''   This Senator believes that the people appointed to protect us have to  display a desire to protect the consumers first. The stakes are just  too high. Unfortunately, this Senator, a member of the Commerce  Committee, has concluded that Ms. Baiocco does not meet this standard.  Therefore, I must oppose her nomination.   I yield the floor.   