 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 3  minutes.    Mr. President, a few years ago, a company in California  called Hampton Creek, now known as JUST, Inc., started selling vegan-- that is to say, eggless--mayonnaise. Just Mayo was one of hundreds of  increasingly popular alternative foods developed in recent decades,  marketed to vegetarians, vegans, and people with food allergies or  other health concerns.   Understandably, as soon as Just Mayo started to win confidence, it  started to attract the attention of top executives in the egg industry.  Unfortunately, their intent was not to improve quality or reduce  prices. It was, instead, to enlist the government in a pattern that  would chill competition.   Under a 1938 Federal law, the Food and Drug Administration has the  power to set so-called ``standards of identity.'' Those are rules  defining what does and does not qualify as a particular food product.  Under these regulations, anything calling its ``mayonnaise'' has to  have eggs in it. Just Mayo was being accused of being illegally  labeled. It is not just mayonnaise.   Just the other week, the FDA announced a proposed rule that would ban  the use of the term ``milk'' for nondairy products. The FDA says milk  is ``lacteal secretion . . . obtained by the complete milking of one or  more healthy cows,'' and nothing else. The proposed rule change would  wipe out almond milk, soy milk, and coconut milk off of our grocery  store shelves.   Whatever their original value, these labeling requirements are  outdated and  [[Page S5535]]  they are unnecessary. Consumers are not deceived by these labels. No  one buys almond milk under the false illusion that it came from a cow.  They buy almond milk because it didn't come from a cow.   The amendment I am offering would protect consumers from these  ``standards of identity'' requirements, and they would protect them  from this kind of abuse. Specifically, the amendment would prohibit  funds from being used to enforce these rules against products simply  because of their use of a common compound name--such as where a word or  phrase identifies an alternative plant or animal source.   In other words, it would protect products like ``almond milk,''  ``goat cheese,'' and ``gluten-free bread'' from accusations of being  illegally labeled. It belongs to consumers, not big agricultural  companies. The role of government in the market is to protect  competition, not any one competitor. The Federal Government has more  important things to worry about than the fake scourge of almond milk.   I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment.   