 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague,  Chairman  Bob Goodlatte, who has been a great supporter of working  towards finding solutions. I think that is what we are here for today  is finding solutions.   I want to thank the chairman for working this, taking this, and  moving forward on a lot of different fronts. But as we look forward,  there are some things I want to clear up and some people I want to  thank.   With Hakeem Jeffries, I couldn't ask for a better partner to work  with through the intricacies of big solutions and big problems. These  are big problems. Mr. Jeffries and I have said: Let's take a look and  see what we can fix.   What is going to be said today is: I like this legislation, I like  parts of this legislation; I like the legislation, but it doesn't go  far enough; if it just did a little more--as if this place produced  perfect results every time and we just want to wait.   But I also would ask those who choose to vote ``no'' today, and my  question is this: Is it okay to make progress on many other things but  on this one say no? Say no to a family who has a family member in  prison who could get treatment and get help?   And when they come home--which over 90 percent of all prisoners in  this country do, they come home--is it okay to say no to those folks,  and say: No, we are not going to provide that for your family member;  we are not going to provide extra treatment so that they can get help  with addiction or work problems or anger management or skills deficits  or education deficits? No, it is not.   Is it okay today to vote ``no'' and say: I like a lot of this bill,  but I want to continue to shackle women as they have babies?   It is a pretty simple understanding. I get it. I want to see  sentencing reform, too. I am on record as saying I do. I am on record  as continuing past this to actually do that.    Mr. Jeffries and I have talked about this more than we ever imagined  we would. But Congressman Jeffries is a great partner in this effort.   This bill is real and meaningful reform. Senator Cornyn and Senator  Whitehouse across the way in the Senate have taken steps to actually  introduce the same bill and are working to do this. The President has  said this is something that can be signed. In fact, the President, Mr.  Speaker, last week, said that America is a nation that believes in  second chances.   The FIRST STEP Act gives those second chances. It gives us hope. It  gives us an ability to look at people. As I have said on this issue  many times, it is a money and moral issue.   In States like Georgia, Kentucky, Oklahoma, Texas, New York, and  California, these issues have been discussed and evidence-based  approaches have worked. We have seen it, Mr. Speaker, work in my home  State of Georgia. We have seen an evidence-based approach be the way  that you need to go. This bill provides the protection, and it also  provides the incentive for this to work.   Now, there have been many discussions on why we shouldn't do this,  and there have been many people in recent days coming forward. I think  it is pretty amazing to me--and I am going to have to be honest here-- for the former Attorney General to come out and say this is not enough  and say that the current Department of Justice could do some of this,  then I have one question for the former Attorney General: Where were  you when you held the office? Why didn't you do something then? If it  was within your grasp, why did you turn a deaf ear to the cries of  families who were in need? Why did you decide not to do something and  now weigh in on something that Congressman Jeffries and many others  have put their hearts and lives into and weigh in and say it is not  enough? Look to those families, Mr. Former Attorney General, and tell  them it is not enough.   It is easy to write an op-ed. It must be a lot harder to do it when  you have the job.   So, as we look forward here, this is a positive piece of legislation.  This is something that we can look forward to doing, when you have a  chance to give those prisoners the opportunity to cut the very things  down in their life that cause them to get there to start with.   When we begin to look at the reasons they are there--and there are  multiple--then we are taking a first step toward solutions, a first  step toward hope, a first step toward making a difference so that we  can then see, if we can take this first step, then maybe we can get  some of our colleagues to take that next step into sentencing reform  and other areas that we have already worked on, that the chairman has  worked on, and others across in the Senate have advocated for.   But if we choose not to do that today, you are saying no to the  future. Congressman Jeffries and I believe yes to the future. I know  that when we have worked on this, it is about what we can accomplish  and how we can accomplish it in a way that is meaningful to others.   When we look at this, I also find it rather interesting, Mr. Speaker,  the groups that have come together here. As we went around talking  about this, we went to so many different groups from the left and the  right that say this is a great first step: Justice Action Network,  American Conservative Union, FreedomWorks, FAMM, Prison Fellowship,  Faith and Freedom Coalition, #cut50, Heritage Action for America, and  many, many more both on the left and the right. The Koch Foundation and  others have said this is good. This is something we can move on. This  provides that hope that we are searching for.   To the bill's detractors, I respect your opinion. To the bill's  detractors, I would just say: Why not? If why not, why not here? And if  why not and why you don't want to here, when? Is it ever good enough?  Can we ever get to a point?   I think one of the things, Mr. Speaker, that we often deal with here  is the art of the possible. Today is about the art of the possible.  [[Page H4313]]    We have an administration that says: We will sign the bill.   Jared Kushner has been such an advocate for this and worked with the  administration to say: We will put forth the effort to make this work.   We have partners in the Senate who say: We want to work and do even  more.   I am glad of that. And I have a partner here and many who have come  alongside of us and have spoken to say: Let's do something today.   Today is about action. Today is about being a part of something  bigger than ourselves. This is a day when we can come to the floor of  this House and be proud of why we are here.   So many times we come down and we look at the bill and we see paper  and we see words on a paper. But I tell you what I see, Mr. Speaker: I  see the faces of the families behind these words. I see the faces of  the families behind these words that it is actually going to help.   So when you look at this vote and you look at this bill, I say: Look  beyond the pieces of paper, look beyond the ink, and look to the  families that will be helped.   When you cast that ``yes'' vote, you are saying: I want to do  something, and I am not afraid to wait on something I might want but  know that I can take a step further now.   It is very simple: vote ``yes'' to move it along or vote ``no'' and  say no to those in need.   I can agree and disagree about a lot of parts, but this is about the  people behind the bill.   Before I go, Mr. Speaker, though, in addition to the committee, the  chairman, and the committee staff who have been so great, a few weeks  ago, I had the chance to talk about a staff member of mine as a steel  magnolia. Today, Jon Ferro, from my staff, a New York native who works  for a Georgia Member, has earned from me the highest praise.   He is now, as you will see in all of the groups that have worked on  this, a Bulldog. He has worked this over and over. He has worked it to  find solutions. For that I am thankful, and for that I am proud.   Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill. You could come up with every reason  you want to vote ``no,'' and that is okay, I guess; but remember, there  are families watching today. There are incarcerated people watching  today. My question is: Will you vote for them or will you vote to hold  up something that may or may not happen?   