 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 6691, the so-called  Community Safety and Security Act.   This legislation would dramatically expand the definition of a crime  of violence in the Federal criminal code, with many, many unintended  consequences. The gentlewoman from Texas spoke about fleeing. That is  just one example of one of the unintended consequences of this.   This is partly happening because this legislation is being rushed  through the House without any meaningful debate or committee  consideration. It was introduced just last week before the Labor Day  weekend when most Members were home for the district work period. We  have had zero markups, zero hearings on this bill, and this bill has  never been considered in the previous Congress. So not in this  Congress, not in the previous Congress.    It has not been considered through regular order, and that means key  stakeholders, like outside experts and criminal justice reform  advocates, have been given little chance to provide input on the bill.   It is a demonstration, frankly, of the arrogance of this body. We  don't even think we need to listen to anybody about the implications of  this bill. We know best. We are not going to have a hearing. We are  just going to bring it to the floor.   In the very short time that the public has had to analyze it, groups  like Families Against Mandatory Minimums, the ACLU, and the National  Immigration Justice Center have expressed opposition to the bill.   It is basically fast tracked, even though changing the definition of  a crime of violence will have a domino effect on our laws, given its  prevalence in Federal criminal law and its application in immigration  law.   This so-called Community Safety and Security Act could lead to more  criminalization, harsh sentencing, and unfair results. It is overly  broad and will open the doors to massive incarceration and people being  unjustifiably detained, both pretrial and post-conviction. It could  exacerbate racial disparities that already exist in policing and in the  courts, and it could accelerate the number of immigrant detentions and  deportations.   I really don't understand why my Republican colleagues are scrambling  to push this through, this just-introduced bill, without careful  consideration.   We do have to respond to the Supreme Court decision. We need to do it  properly, and after careful deliberations, with a full understanding of  all of the consequences. This bill will have far-reaching effects, not  only on citizens of this country, but on people who are here in the  United States.    Mr. Speaker, passing this bill today without a full  understanding of these effects would be irresponsible.   We have been able to engage in really deliberative, thoughtful  consideration of criminal justice reform. This May we passed the FIRST  STEP Act. There was a lot of good bipartisan collaboration. There were  hearings and discussions and listening to experts. That is how we  should be doing business. This will affect people's lives.   We have a lot more work to do. I encourage my colleagues to reject  this legislation so that we can get back to working in a bipartisan way  to get rid of mandatory minimums, to making investments in reentry  programs, to ending racial profiling, and so many of the other reforms  that I know we can work on together. That is how we should be doing the  business of the American people, not jamming things through in the dark  of night with no hearings, no witnesses, no understanding of the bill  that just passed.   