 Madam President, the right to vote is one of the most  precious rights we have here in America. How we protect it is so  cherished, and it is also cherished by peoples all over the world who  don't get a chance to exercise that right. Our constitutional  foundation is built on a process of free, fair, and unfettered  elections.   Well, what happened in this country 2 years ago put a crack in that  foundation, and it started to sow the seeds of doubt that, if gone  unchecked, could undermine our entire democracy. After painstaking  analyses by the intelligence community, which are in complete  agreement--unanimous in the IC--we know that Russia interfered in our  2016 election. We know that Russia continues to meddle in the elections  of not only our country now but in other countries around the world. We  saw that in the elections in Europe last year. Fortunately, what they  tried in France backfired on them, and they didn't get their candidate  to win. We also know that if we don't act now, they are likely going to  continue this interference in the elections here in this country that  are coming up in just a few months.   The threat that we face today from Russia's meddling in our elections  and attempting to undermine our democracy is really one of the greatest  threats we face. Congress recognizes this threat, and we have taken  action to protect that vote. But none of it matters if respective  States will not work with us and take this threat seriously.   So last March we passed a bill that authorized $380 million to help  State elections officials strengthen their elections security and  update their elections equipment. Now, of the total of $380 million for  the country, $19 million of it was set aside for my State, the State of  Florida. While at least a dozen other States have applied for and  received funding to help them protect their systems from Russian  intrusion, my State of Florida hasn't even applied for one single  dollar of the $19 million set aside for Florida--not one.   In fact, the government of Florida through Florida's secretary of  State said recently that it is not planning to apply for any funding to  improve security during the upcoming November election. Obviously, when  you consider the risk and what Russia did, which the intelligence  community all agree was done to us in the last election, why in the  world would the State of Florida not apply for any of the $19 million  set aside for our State? We know that Russia had intruded into the  election mechanism and records of 21 States, and the State of Florida  was one of those States.   Although we don't know what kind of interference the Russians are  going to try in the upcoming November elections, we do know that  Russian President Vladimir Putin--having interfered in 2016 and causing  so much chaos and, therefore, attacking the very foundation of our  constitutional democracy--is likely to do it again. So why wouldn't the  government of the State of Florida apply for $19 million of funds set  aside for Florida to upgrade and protect our election system?   We know we are not the only country that has been attacked and,  according to the U.S. intelligence community, he obviously is going to  continue this type of behavior. So we better get ready.   That is why we have such a heavy responsibility to defend America  from these types of attacks and to defend our process of free, fair,  and unfettered elections. We need to rebuild trust in our elections,  and at the same time we  [[Page S2857]]  need to ensure that every citizen who wishes to exercise their right to  vote is able to do so. It also can be counted, and it can be counted as  they intended it to count.    Remember this goes back to 1965. Congress passed the Voting Rights  Act of 1965 to protect the right of every citizen to vote. But in a 5- to-4 Supreme Court decision, it declared that part of that law was  outdated, and it removed much needed voter protections that we have  come to rely on for minorities, and we have come to rely on them for  the last half century.   Part of this Supreme Court decision struck down part of the law as it  applied to protecting minorities in certain counties in the State of  Florida. The Justices voted to strike down that important part of the  Voting Rights Act on a 5-to-4 decision. They said that it was outdated  because we no longer have the blatant voter suppression tactics we once  did years and decades ago.   I disagree. We have seen a lot of voter suppression. Since the 2010  election, we have seen a number of States, including my State of  Florida, approve voting restrictions targeted directly at reducing  turnout among young, low-income, and minority voters. Why? Because they  traditionally support one particular party.   In 2011, for example, the Florida legislature, State officials, and  the Governor of Florida reduced the number of early voting days in  Florida, including canceling the Sunday before the Tuesday election as  an early-voting date. It is not a coincidence that there was use of  early-voting days, particularly on weekends--particularly on that  Sunday before the Tuesday election, where people become sensitive and  recognize that there is about to be an election day. We have found that  particularly minority voters in Florida--African Americans, as well as  Hispanics--would take advantage of voting when they did not have to go  to work. You have heard the term ``Souls to the Polls.'' So often,  after church on Sunday, many church members would go to the polls.   They made voting more difficult for people who had moved to a  different county. It became more difficult, even though we have a very  mobile population moving within a State. They also made it more  difficult for young people, particularly college students, who changed  their address because they had moved and wanted to vote in the town  where the university was, but their identification often was their  driver's license, which showed their parents' residence. Again, this  made it more difficult instead of making it easier to vote.   The State of Florida subjected voter registration groups like the  League of Women Voters, which had been registering voters for three- quarters of a century--suddenly, they were subjected to penalties and  fines if they didn't return the signatures in a short period of time,  which was impossible if they got the signatures over a weekend. And  they would nitpick with penalties and fines on some small mistake when  they were trying to help someone register to vote. Happily, the League  of Women Voters went to Federal court, and the Federal judge threw that  law out as unconstitutional. But that decision was right before the  election, and lo and behold, the League of Women Voters had lost a year  and a half of voter registration.   You won't believe this. In 2014, an elections official in Miami- Dade--which was, coincidentally, one of the more Democratic counties in  the State--closed restrooms to voters who were waiting in line at the  polling sites. As a matter of fact, there was so much chaos in one  previous election--the election of 2012--that lines were upward of 7  hours long.   I will never forget the woman who was a century old--100 years.  Everybody kept bringing her a chair and bringing her water. Well, some  of those waiting in lines didn't have the opportunity to go to the  restroom, despite waiting to vote for hours and hours.   In that same election cycle, 2014, the State's top elections official  told a local election supervisor not to allow voters to submit absentee  ballots at remote drop-off sites, ordering that elections official that  there could be only one site. That supervisor of elections, by the way,  told the State of Florida to go take a hike--that they had a way of  securing the ballots by dropping them in several different sites that  were formerly approved.   Then the State of Florida denied a request from the city of  Gainesville to use a University of Florida campus building for early  voting, a move seen by some as a direct assault on student voting. Can  you believe that? The State of Florida government, through the  Secretary of the State, is going to order the University of Florida not  to allow the student center on campus to be a place of convenience for  students to cast an early vote. That order has stood. It has stood, and  instead of making it easier for people to vote, it has made it harder.  All too often, we have let these things go.   This Senator is not letting it go because the League of Women Voters  in Florida has now taken the government of the State of Florida to  Federal court on behalf of students at the University of Florida, as  well as Florida State, saying: You are arbitrarily saying that we  cannot vote in a convenient place on campus, in a government-owned  public building on campus. You cannot order that we cannot use that in  anticipation of elections this coming November.   Too often we find ourselves divided on these issues of party  politics, but that shouldn't be the case. There should be no  disagreement when it comes to protecting the right to vote and making  it easier, not harder, for people to vote. Why? Because we ought to be  Americans first, not partisans first. We should be Americans first, and  the State of Florida should get its act in order to let the people  vote.   I yield the floor.   