 Mr. Speaker, I stand here today in support of Mr.  Kelly's bill.   Our colleague across the aisle just gave us some very sad statistics  that so many of our fellow Americans have when it comes to savings in  their lives, so I am surprised that they would want to keep things the  same.   You see, tax reform has brought opportunity and hope and a positive  energy to America. Our national economy is booming. Wages are on the  rise. Americans are taking home bigger paychecks, and businesses are  investing more in their employees.   But how can we help families invest in their future, invest for their  retirement?  [[Page H9129]]    The opportunity is now. With wages up, now is the time.   Today, 40 percent of Americans say they cannot cover an unexpected  expense of $400. Many Americans are unprepared for upcoming  retirements, awaiting a Social Security check that may be smaller than  they ever expected. Others may be unprepared for a medical emergency.   Sadly, 32 years ago, when I started my business, almost $200,000 in  debt, I was advised to pay off my student loans, pay off my debt and,  as I looked down the road, don't count on Social Security to even be  there.   We need to use the economic success that we are seeing today to  alleviate the widespread savings crisis in American communities and in  American families. The Family Savings Act of 2018, on the floor today  as part of Tax Reform 2.0, is one opportunity to do just that.   Millions of Americans would gain access to new savings vehicles:  Universal Savings Accounts offering withdrawals at any time, in any  amount, for any purpose; joint small business 401(k) plans; expanded  529 education accounts to pay for apprenticeships, homeschooling, or  student loan debt.   This is an opportunity to break down the barriers that limit  businesses' ability to offer retirement plans and individuals' ability  to save is enhanced.   By eliminating the maximum age limit for IRA contributions and  exempting individuals with small retirement accounts from making  mandatory distributions, this legislation encourages workers to save  and enables them to do so.   These reforms offer flexibility for families to save, when able, and  spend, when needed; and they offer options for employers--to help local  businesses provide retirement plans for their employees. Let's help our  fellow Americans be on the path to financial security, especially  during our later years.   