 Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me begin by  thanking Chairman Harper for this outstanding bipartisan legislation,  and Mr. Brady as well. This is what this place can produce when we do  come together.   Obviously, it provides congressional employees with comprehensive  protection from abuse, including zero tolerance for sexual harassment.   The bill significantly increases transparency on Member conduct by  publishing reports on awards and settlements, and it holds Members  personally financially responsible, ending the charade of having  taxpayers foot the bill for abuses.   Very, very significantly, the new Office of Employee Advocacy, which  the legislation creates, will provide free legal services to  congressional employees. That is absolutely critical, Mr. Speaker, that  House employees have a dedicated advocate to consult, assist, and to  represent them.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Harper for including my bill,  H.R. 4393, as section 303 of this bill. This section makes clear that  employees of the Helsinki Commission and the China Commission, both of  which I co-chair, are covered by the CAA.   In 2011, Mr. Speaker, an employee, a woman employed by the Commission  on Security and Cooperation in Europe, filed suit making sexual  harassment and workplace retaliation allegations directed to a former  chairman of the commission. When I learned that the woman was being  told--the woman who lodged the complaint--that the CAA did not apply to  her, I immediately, as chairman, changed that policy. I deemed it.  Thankfully, I checked with the House counsel, and I had the full  backing of the House counsel.   I thought it was unconscionable that this person was told not only  did she not have representation, which, again, the Harper bill now  provides, but the CAA itself did not cover her. That was a terrible,  terrible wrong. That will be rectified forever by this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank Chairman Harper for his  leadership. This is a remarkable bill, an important bill, and will  protect employees from abuse.   