 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, I  rise to give notice of my intent to raise a question of the privileges  of the House.   The form of the resolution is as follows:   Whereas, Father Patrick Conroy has served honorably as House Chaplain  since May 25 of 2011 when he was then appointed by Speaker John Boehner  in consultation with Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi;   Whereas, Father Conroy had been re-appointed and approved by the  House of Representatives on three separate occasions, most recently  January 3 of 2017;   Whereas, on April 16, 2018, the Nation's first Jesuit, and only the  second Catholic, Chaplain of the United States House of Representatives  submitted his resignation before the full House;   Whereas, this resignation was forced by Paul D. Ryan, Speaker of the  House of Representatives and Members of the House Republican  Conference;   Whereas, the Speaker's team said ``. . . the decision to remove the  Chaplain was his, Speaker Ryan's;''   Whereas, the lack of notification of his forced resignation or  adequate explanation provided by Speaker Paul D. Ryan is not reflective  of the integrity of the House of Representatives;   Whereas, on November 6, 2017, during debate on the GOP tax scam, the  Chaplain led an opening prayer asking God to bless Congress and for  Congress to guarantee that there are not winners and losers under the  new tax laws, but benefits balanced and shared by all Americans;   Whereas, this prayer reflects the core values of many Americans, in  particular people of the Catholic faith, including care and concern for  the poor and the marginalized;   Whereas, on April 9, 2018, Pope Francis published his third apostolic  exhortation entitled ``Gaudete et Exsultate'' or rejoice and be heard  which states that Christians must care for the poor, the sick, and the  immigrant;   Whereas, under the GOP tax bill, more than 80 percent of its benefits  flow to the richest 1 percent and the corporate special interests,  ignoring the needs for struggling men and women and children;   Whereas, this prayer has been reported to be the chief reason for  Father Conroy's forced resignation by the Republican Congress;   Whereas, the dismissal of Father Conroy following this prayer shows  Republicans' true refusal to embody the values of faith and charity in  their legislative work;   Whereas, Father Conroy's forced resignation is concerning to a number  of Members of both sides of the aisle;   Whereas, the House of Representatives would benefit from being guided  by a Chaplain with a commitment to caring about those most in need;   Whereas, the rights of Members of the House of Representatives were  undermined when the leader of one party made a unilateral decision to  dismiss the Chaplain;   Whereas, this forced resignation has compromised the dignity of the  House of Representatives by politicizing the Office of the House  Chaplain;   Whereas, the circumstances behind his resignation compromised the  integrity and dignity of the House of Representatives:   Resolved, that there is hereby established a select committee to  investigate the actions and motivations behind the resignation of the  House Chaplain. The select committee shall be comprised of six Members,  of which three shall be appointed by the chair of the Committee on  Ethics and three by the ranking member of the Committee on Ethics;   The select committee shall investigate the motivations and actions of  the Speaker behind the resignation of the Chaplain.    Mr. Speaker, I offer the resolution just noticed.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   