 Madam President, I want to report to the Senate on  attending the detention center in my home State of Florida. I stood on  the floor last week and reported that a lot had changed. I just  returned again from South Florida, where I was finally allowed to go  through the detention facility in Homestead where the number has been  corrected from what we were told originally. We were told that of the  1,300 children who were there, 94 of them had been separated from their  parents. The number I was given on Saturday is that 70 children there  have been separated from their families.   This is the same facility that I had visited last Tuesday and where I  was denied entry. Despite being the Senator from Florida and despite  having oversight responsibility of the Department of HHS, which runs  this detention facility, I was not allowed inside on Tuesday to check  on the 94 kids being held there.   So I returned on Saturday, and while I was allowed to enter and go  through  [[Page S4358]]  the facility and talk to the employees, I was still not allowed to see  the 70 children separated from their parents or to speak with the one  person who has the responsibility and who is in charge of reuniting  these children with their parents.   I was told that this individual, and she was named, was not there on  Saturday, as she works Monday through Friday. When I was given the name  of this individual, I said: Well, I will be calling her on Monday. I  must state that we have called and emailed several times and have not  been provided the opportunity to speak to this one individual,  identified as the person who tries to reunite the kids with their  parents there in the Homestead facility.   Since I was given the name Barbara Flotus, why in the world would HHS  not allow me to speak to her when she is back at the facility today? It  is certainly in the interest of the American people to know that the  children are being reunited. If this is the person that is put in  charge at that center, then, why wouldn't they let this Senator from  Florida speak to her?   Well, other than that, the main takeaway from that trip was that the  Executive order that the President signed last week is a sham. It does  nothing to reunite the children with their parents.   We have been told that there are over 2,300 children around the  country that have been separated from their parents. We have also been  told that there are attempts being made to reunite them. Then, why in  the world would the Trump administration not want us to be able to tell  a good news story?   Based on what I was told by officials at the facility I visited on  Saturday, there is no plan in place to reunify these families. Is that  the reason they are prohibiting me from speaking to Barbara Flotus  today, because there still is no plan? All of this is unacceptable. The  American people deserve answers to these questions.   Well, tomorrow this Senator plans to get some of those answers  because Secretary Azar of HHS is coming in front of the Senate Finance  Committee. Before he testifies, I want to give him a heads-up on the  questions I am going to ask--and I expect some answers.   The questions are in regard to the separated children and the  reunification with their parents. I want Secretary Azar to know that I  would like for him to explain, while he is in front of the Senate  Finance Committee under oath, where these children are right now who  are all over the country. When are they going to be reunited with their  families? Why is the HHS Department denying Members of Congress access  to the facilities?   Why is it that when we are given entrance into the facilities, as I  was on Saturday, they are not allowing us to speak with the children  who have been separated from their parents? Why is HHS refusing to  provide us with information about these children, including what is  being done right now to reunite them with their families?   I thought I was going to have a good-news story to report to the  Senate today, after talking to Barbara Flotus, whose name I was given,  but I have been denied the opportunity to speak with her.   The Secretary should have plenty of time between now and his  testimony tomorrow before the Finance Committee to find the information  he needs to fully answer these questions.   I want to be very clear about tomorrow's hearing because this Senator  will expect full answers to each of the questions--no backtrack, no  getting off on a different subject. The American people want to know  about these children and when are they going to be reunited, and that  was not covered in the President's Executive order. There is no reason  why this administration should be putting up barriers and preventing  Members of Congress from doing their jobs and checking on the welfare  of these children.   I yield the floor.   