 Mr. President, I wish to ask that before the remarks  that I plan to make now are made and memorialized by the reporter, I be  able to say to my friend from Florida, on behalf of the people of  Georgia, who stopped me in the halls and corridors, at the grocery  stores, the churches--everywhere we went--what happened in Florida was  an attack everywhere in America, not just in Florida. The tragedy of  school shootings has magnified itself, so much so that every one of us  feels it more than anybody realizes.   I want to share with you the prayers, the hopes, and concern of the  people of Georgia. It is a pleasure to work together with you and the  other Members of the Senate so that we can find common ground as we  move forward to address this situation. Having just been home, and  being with the citizens I represent, I can say that the first and  foremost item on the minds of every citizen of Georgia is the tragedy  that took place in Florida. Our hearts and prayers go out to you and  all the families and all those who survived the terrible tragedy.    I thank the Senator from Florida.   Mr. President, I rise today with a great sense of pride and honor to  commend to my fellow Senators Elizabeth ``Lisa'' Branch, who has been  nominated to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit of the  United States of America by President Trump.   There are significant reasons why I am so excited to do this. I am  going to save the most significant for last. One of the things I am so  proud of in our constitutional responsibility of advice and consent for  the appointments of the administration is that, every time, we appoint  someone who is the right person at the right time and the right place,  and Lisa is certainly that for the court of appeals and for the bench  of the United States of America and the Eleventh Circuit.   Lisa was a partner in the commercial litigation practice of Smith,  Gambrell & Russell, a limited liability partnership in Atlanta, where  she began her legal career in 1996. She moved on to work in the George  W. Bush administration from 2004 to 2008 as the Counselor to the  Administrator of the Office  [[Page S1208]]  of Information and Regulatory Affairs at the U.S. Office of Management  and Budget and, for 1 year, as the Associate General Counsel for Rules  and Legislation at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. She served  for 2 years as a law clerk to Judge J. Owen Forrester of the U.S.  District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. She received her  BA degree from Davidson College in North Carolina--an outstanding  institution--and her law degree from Emory University, which is one of  the most renowned law schools in the United States of America.    She is a great lady and a great lawyer. She was named to the Court of  Appeals in Georgia by Gov. Nathan Deal, the current Governor of the  State, and will serve us in the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals with  honor and privilege in the United States of America.   Most importantly, on a personal note, as I make these remarks, I am  sure my father, Ed Isakson, and his best friend, Harold Russell, who is  the Russell of Smith, Gambrell & Russell, are looking down from Heaven  on this occasion today and recognizing it for the following reason:   When Lisa went with Smith, Gambrell & Russell, she went to work with  a firm that represented my father and his company--a firm that  represented me. She is not unknown to me as a person, as a lawyer, as a  litigator. She is a great individual in our State and has provided a  great service to our State. She will be a great judge for the United  States of America. She also worked with Harold Russell, who was my  dad's best friend, and Harold represented my father for years in  business.   I know today, in Heaven, they are looking down during this special  occasion of an outstanding Georgia jurist who is renowned in our State  and is about to be confirmed by the U.S. Senate to be on the Court of  Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit.   I commend to my colleagues in the Senate Elizabeth ``Lisa'' Branch to  be confirmed, and I urge their favorable votes to see to it that takes  place.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I yield back all time on our side and ask  unanimous consent that the cloture motion be voted on.   