 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to talk about gun ownership  and gun safety in Virginia and in the United States. I speak as a gun  owner, and I speak as a strong Second Amendment supporter. I want to do  a couple of things in this speech, but one thing I want to do is put to  rest the idea that gun owners, gun ownership, and the Second Amendment  are incompatible with reasonable gun safety rules.   I accept the ruling, the holding, and the principle announced by the  Supreme Court in the Heller decision that the Second Amendment conveys  an individual right to bear arms and conveys that right to the American  public. There was, and there remains, some controversy over the ruling.  Some have argued that the text of the amendment discusses only the  right to bear arms in the context of participating in a militia, which  in 1787 was a necessary strategy for defending the Nation during a time  when we had no standing Army. For years, many scholars and courts  accepted that notion and argued that the Second Amendment was sort of  different from the others in that way. In Heller, the Supreme Court  ruled that the Second Amendment, like all the other amendments, conveys  an individual right, and I accept and believe that interpretation.   But the Heller decision came with an important caveat. The Second  Amendment is the only amendment that uses the phrase ``well  regulated.'' The amendment may convey a personal  [[Page S1748]]  right to gun ownership, and it does, but it explicitly acknowledges  that regulations are part of what may be necessary. Courts subsequent  to Heller have frequently held that the particular regulations are well  within the scope of the Second Amendment.   The NRA and other organizations often pretend that the phrase ``well  regulated'' doesn't even appear in the amendment. Often, they will  print a copy of the Second Amendment or the text, and they will have  only the second clause, omitting the ``well regulated'' phrase. While  that phrase, like the text of the amendment itself, is set in the  context of a militia, it is clear from its usage that the Framers knew  firearms were dangerous, though necessary, and there needed to be rules  to ensure their safe use. In other words, the phrase ``well regulated''  in the text is not there to refer to the kind of uniform that a militia  member would wear, whether they should have a beard or not. It is there  to refer to the need for discipline and training to keep those people  who bear arms behaving in a reasonable and safe manner.   Even if the phrase ``well regulated'' did not appear in the text of  the Second Amendment--and that phrase ``well regulated'' appears in no  other amendment, only the second--it would still be pretty clear that  the Second Amendment right, just like other constitutional rights, is  not absolute and free from any governmental rules. The Heller decision,  authored by Justice Scalia, stated this very clearly: A ruling of  individual ownership and use of firearms does not restrict the  government from imposing reasonable rules on their use. Many subsequent  cases have affirmed these reasonable rules over time.   The First Amendment, for example, guarantees the right to free speech  and makes clear that no law infringing upon such a right is  constitutional. But the Supreme Court has long held that government  agencies can place reasonable limits on the time, place, and manner of  speech, so long as the limits don't discriminate on the content of the  idea that is expressed. An easy example is, a city can ban sound trucks  with megaphones from driving through neighborhoods blaring ads in the  middle of the night while people are sleeping. The right to free speech  is subject to reasonable limitation.   Similarly, the First Amendment guarantees freedom of the press, but  States punish civil libel through their civil litigation and court  processes. A newspaper trashing somebody through a knowingly false  statement can be subjected to civil liability, and that paper can't  claim the right to free press to shield it from accountability.   The Second Amendment, in this way, is similar to the First Amendment,  and I could go through other examples. While the right to ownership, to  bear and use arms--not just ownership but using arms--may not be  infringed, reasonable rules regarding gun usage are explicitly  contemplated by the amendment and constitutionally allowable.   It is important to recognize that we all tolerate reasonable limits  on gun use. One common use of firearms in Virginia and Alaska--I know  from my one visit to Alaska that this is the case--is hunting. In  Virginia, the voters of our State, by referendum, amended our State  constitution in 2000 to guarantee to all a right to hunt, fish, and  gather game subject to rules prescribed by our general assembly. I was  legal counsel for this effort, before I was in State office, arguing  the validity of the amendment when a citizens group sued to try to keep  it off the ballot. We prevailed in the litigation, and the amendment  passed overwhelmingly, with more than 60 percent of the vote. That vote  showed our population both embraced the right to hunt but also embraced  the acceptance of the notion that this right should be subject to  reasonable rules imposed by the legislature.   We have many State-imposed rules on hunting in Virginia, just as I am  sure is the case in Alaska. The State determines the seasons in which  hunting can occur--those seasons can differ depending on what you are  hunting--where it can occur, the license you need, the training you  must complete, which days of the week are open for hunting, what kinds  of weapons can be used in hunting, and even the size of a magazine in  any automatic or repeating weapon that can be used in hunting.   For example, in Virginia, by statute, you can hunt with a repeating  shotgun, but the magazine can contain no more than three rounds. If the  magazine on a weapon is larger than that--a larger magazine--you are  required to have a plug or filler in the magazine that will reduce its  capacity to no more than three total rounds, as measured either in the  magazine or in the chamber itself.   The bottom line for these regulations, which are well accepted and  understood in Virginia, is clear. Even the use of firearms for hunting,  protected by the Virginia Constitution as well as by the Second  Amendment, is subject to safety rules that society fully accepts. The  clear constitutionality of gun safety rules and the public acceptance  of these rules pose stark questions to Congress.   Why, in the face of escalating tragedy, are we so unwilling to adopt  commonsense gun safety rules designed to reduce gun violence? Why does  Congress shield gun manufacturers from liability with a Federal  protection that we don't give to the manufacturers of other products?  Why does Congress limit the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  from using its resources to research gun violence? Why does Congress  limit the ability of law enforcement to fully trace the use of guns  that are used to commit crimes? Why does Congress prohibit weapon use  and ownership by certain classes of dangerous individuals but resist a  universal background check system that would be necessary to enforce  that prohibition? Why won't Congress enact the same kinds of magazine  limitations on weapons used to kill people that we embrace on weapons  used to kill deer? Why won't Congress ban weapons of war--weapons of  war that are used by trained officials, as was the case with the  Presiding Officer in his military service or my son in military  service, but why won't we ban those weapons of war from the streets of  our country?   Self-defense, sport, hunting are all protected and encompassed within  the broad protections of the Second Amendment. There is not, there has  never been, and there never will be an effort to confiscate all weapons  in the country because of their popular acceptance and because of the  clear commands of the Constitution. But why can't we have reasonable  safety rules?   America's children--so many of them appeared here yesterday, children  from a middle school in Northern Virginia, some high schoolers from  Thomas Jefferson High School; I visited with students from Florida-- posed some even starker questions to us.   Does Congress care more about its children or more about  contributions from the NRA and gun manufacturers? Can adults act like  adults and try to keep children safe? Those were the questions that I  heard from the students on the Capitol steps yesterday.   I applaud the children of the country who are asking these questions.  They stand together with an overwhelming majority of Americans who  believes we can do better and we need to do better. I have seen the  tragedy of gun violence, but I have also seen that we can do better and  that part of that is having better rules on guns.   When I was elected to the city council in Richmond in 1994, we had  the second highest homicide rate in the United States. That was the  only top 10 list we were on. That is not the one you want to be on. I  went to too many funerals and too many wakes and too many crime scenes,  and I was in too many church basements with support groups of homicide  victims' families, and I don't want to do those kinds of things again.   Yet, through the pain of that--multiple efforts by multiple people-- we helped reduce our violent crime rate risk. We dropped the homicide  rate by 60 percent. We dropped the aggravated assault/violent crime  rate by nearly the same number. We did a number of things, but one of  the things we did was to recognize that we had a problem with guns. It  was not just about people or just about mental health. Those were  issues, sure, but we had a high gun carry rate in Richmond. The gun  carry rate means: In 100 stops that the police would make, what  percentage of the time were people carrying weapons? In Richmond, we  just had an unusually high percentage compared to other cities for a  variety of the reasons.  [[Page S1749]]    What we decided to do is, if we could bring down the gun carry rate,  we may not make bad people good people, but we could avoid an  argument's breaking bad and then turning into a homicide or an  aggravated assault. We were able to do things that brought the gun  carry rate down, that made people leave their guns at home, if they  were leaving their homes, instead of putting them in their pockets. By  doing that, we helped to bring down gun violence. We found that you  could take concrete steps to make people safer.   I was the Governor at the time of what was the worst shooting in the  history of the United States. The weird thing to say about my own State  is that I wish it had always been the worst shooting--the tragedy at  Virginia Tech in April of 2007, when 32 people were killed. It has now  been eclipsed by shootings in Orlando and Las Vegas and Newtown. So  many other tragedies have happened since then that even some of the  particulars of the Virginia Tech shooting start to recede in memory as  new tragedies happen.   It was painful. I interacted with the 32 families who had lost their  kids and who had lost their parents who were professors, and I have  continued to interact with them over the years and to learn what went  wrong that day, and a lot of things went wrong. Vowing to the families  that we would try to fix them has been a cause of my life for the last  11 years.   We also learned through the pain some things we could do to make our  communities safer. In this particular case, there were problems with  mental health, and there were problems with privacy rules, and there  were problems with campus safety protocols. Yet a significant problem  was that we had a flaw in the background record check system. A young  individual who had been adjudicated mentally ill and dangerous and was  prohibited from owning a weapon was able to slip through the cracks in  the system to get a weapon that he shouldn't have had. So the lesson we  learned is, with a better background check system, you reduce the risk  of tragedy.   Whether it is a common street crime of the kind that occurs every day  and may not get the attention on the weekly news or whether it is a  mass shooting that gets the attention on the weekly news, I have had  some scar tissue over this, but at least the scar tissue has taught me  a few things. One of the things I have learned is you can take  meaningful steps, and if you do so, you make communities safer. If you  know that you can take steps to make people safer, then you must. You  must.   I will conclude and just say this.   We need a debate on the floor of this Chamber about how to reduce gun  violence and promote gun safety. We haven't had one since April of  2013. It has been 5 years, and the list of tragedies is getting longer  and longer and longer. We shouldn't be afraid to entertain both  Republican and Democratic proposals for reducing the scourge of gun  violence. There will be different kinds of proposals, and that is as it  should be.   It is just like the debate we had about Dreamers a few weeks ago.  There were different proposals put on the table that were going in  different directions. We know in this body that we need to get 60 votes  to get anything passed, which means nothing will pass unless there is  some bipartisan support. Yet we shouldn't be afraid of having that  debate. We have been afraid to have the debate, but our children are  afraid for their lives. If they are showing the courage to speak out  for change, the least we can do is show that we are listening.   I yield the floor.   