 Mr. President, an important tribute took place in the  Capitol this morning--the fifth annual memorial service for the four  U.S. Capitol police officers who have died in the line of duty.  Sergeant Christopher Eney, Officer Jacob Chestnut, Detective John  Gibson, and Sergeant Clinton Holtz were remembered with a wreath-laying  in the Capitol Visitor Center.   This year's ceremony marked the 20th anniversary of the 1998 Capitol  shooting, when both Officer Chestnut and Detective Gibson were killed.  Next week is National Police Week, and I will have more to say about  the heroism of the professionals who put themselves in harm's way every  day to keep others safe. Today the Senate honors the memories of these  four fallen heroes.   Mr. President, on another matter, yesterday, the Senate advanced the  nomination of the first of this week's judicial nominees, Judge Kurt  Engelhardt. Those who join him on this latest slate for consideration  are each well qualified. Each has received thorough examination from  the Judiciary Committee, and each stands ready to serve on the Federal  bench.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that PN1884,  the nomination of John Lowry III, of Illinois, to be Assistant  Secretary of Labor for Veterans' Employment and Training, sent to the  Senate by the President, be referred jointly to the Health, Education,  Labor, and Pensions and Veterans' Affairs Committees.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the postcloture time on  the Engelhardt nomination expire at 12 noon tomorrow, May 9, and the  Senate vote on confirmation of the Engelhardt nomination with no  intervening action or debate; further, that if confirmed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  resume legislative session for a period of morning business, with  Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the  desk that is due for a second reading.    In order to place the bill on the calendar under the  provisions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on  Wednesday, May 9; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the  morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved  to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later  in the day, and morning business be closed. Finally, I ask that  following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and  resume consideration of the Engelhardt nomination under the previous  order.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator Brown.   