 Mr. President, I rise in support of the Corker-Toomey- Flake motion that we are going to be voting on soon. Let me be clear.  This is a motion that simply would reflect--if it is adopted--the  consensus of the Senate that Congress should have a role in determining  the use of section 232 to impose tariffs.   Let me give a little bit of context. First of all, I want to be very  clear that free trade is enormously constructive, enormously helpful  for our economy and our standard of living. The United States has been  a leader in promoting free trade around the world for many decades, and  that is part of the reason we are the most affluent society on the  globe by far, consistently outperforming the rest of the world. What it  does is it provides our consumers with many choices and lower costs and  therefore a more affordable standard of living, and it provides our  workers with foreign markets.   Ninety-five percent of the world's population lives somewhere else. I  want to sell to them, and we do that through an environment of free  trade. Take NAFTA, for instance. Since NAFTA was enacted in 1994,  Pennsylvanians have seen exports to Mexico increase by more than 500  percent. That is what happened because of the reduction in the barriers  to trade that existed prior to NAFTA. Of course, it also encourages  investment in the United States--new plants, factories, and all the  jobs that come with that.   Tariffs and quotas and other obstacles to trade do the exact  opposite. They reduce our consumers' choices. They raise costs. They  limit our opportunity to sell our products, whether it is agricultural  products or manufactured products. They reduce the opportunities to  sell these abroad. Of course, inevitably, the imposition of these  barriers involves the government's deciding which sectors and which  industries will be winners and losers because very seldom are these  broadly and uniformly applied. Individual sectors are usually selected.   So where are we today? It has been 16 weeks since the President  invoked section 232 of our trade law to impose tariffs on imported  steel and aluminum. First and foremost, I have to say this is a misuse  of section 232 of our trade law.   Section 232 is supposed to be invoked when there is a specific threat  to America's national security. Well, let's consider the case of steel.  The United States produces domestically 75 percent of all the steel we  consume. Our defense needs consume 3 percent of total steel  consumption. How could one possibly make the case that we don't have a  plentiful abundance of domestically produced steel to satisfy our  defense needs? But it is not only that. Where are the biggest sources  for the 25 percent of steel that we consume but we don't produce  ourselves? Well, that would be Mexico and Canada. Those are the two  countries that provide the most steel. With both of those countries, we  have a surplus of trade in steel. The Canadians actually buy more steel  from us than we buy from them, and so do the Mexicans.   Where is the security threat to America when my constituents choose  to buy some portion of the steel we consume from Canada? We know the  answer. There is no security threat from Canada and Mexico, and the  fact that they provide a modest percentage of our steel needs does not  constitute a national security threat, and we know it doesn't. Yet the  administration invoked section 232 to impose this tax on American  consumers when we choose to buy steel and aluminum from Canada and  Mexico and the European Union, by the way, for that matter.   The harmful effects we have feared have already begun. We have  increased prices on U.S. consumers and a real threat to workers and  businesses. I have heard from many Pennsylvania manufacturers that  happen to rely, for some portion of their products, on imported steel,  and now their products are no longer competitive because they, alone in  the world, are being forced to pay this additional tax when they import  this steel.   I have to say this is part of what looks like a pattern to me--and  this is one of my concerns--of this administration moving away from  support for free trade. First, there was a sugar deal negotiated with  Mexico which is designed to artificially inflate the price American  consumers have to pay for sugar. It works out very well if you are one  of the handful of people who produce sugar in the United States, but it  is a terrible deal for everyone else. Then we had tariffs applied to  solar panels and washing machines under a  [[Page S4888]]  different provision. Now we have an ongoing and apparently escalating  trade war with China. This motion has absolutely nothing to do with  China; I am just presenting that as a matter of context. And we are  hearing that the administration is threatening now to again misuse  section 232, in my view, to impose new taxes on Americans who choose to  buy automobiles that originate in Europe. That would be terrible for  our economy and for our consumers. It would be a bad idea, but we are  told that is under active consideration.   My view is that it is about time Congress restores to Congress the  constitutional responsibility we have to establish tariffs. The  Constitution is completely unambiguous about this. Article I, section  8, clause 1, states that ``the Congress shall have Power To lay and  collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises.'' Clause 3 says that ``the  Congress shall have the power . . . to regulate Commerce with foreign  Nations.'' We made a mistake in recent decades when we ceded this  constitutional responsibility to the executive branch. I think that was  a mistake, and I have argued that for a long time. Now we are seeing a  price being paid as the administration, I think, is misusing this  important tool.   What our motion does is it would simply take a step in the direction  of restoring this responsibility the Constitution assigns to us in the  first place. This does not tie the President's hands at all. The  President is free to negotiate better trade agreements if he can, and I  think he should. What it does say, though, is that if he wants to  invoke national security as the reason for imposing taxes on Americans  when they buy foreign products--when he wants to do that, Congress  ought to have a role. That is all it says. That is what this motion to  instruct says.   I am very pleased to be working with Senator Corker from Tennessee  and Senator Flake from Arizona. I think this is a very modest step. It  takes us in a direction that would be very constructive, which is to  restore the constitutional responsibility we have been shirking. I am  pleased there is bipartisan support for this. I hope this motion to  instruct our conferees will be adopted by a wide margin.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, if there is any time remaining, let me  just stress that this vote is a vote to move in the direction of  restoring to Congress our constitutional authority and, ultimately, if  we do that right, to revisiting the misuse of the section 232  provisions of our trade law, which is applying inappropriate tariffs on  steel and aluminum from our allies and close friends.   I urge my colleagues to vote yes.   