 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, last week, President Trump gave his  State of the Union Address. It was full of that same spirit of optimism  and confidence that I have heard over the past year from the people at  home in Wyoming. I imagine the Presiding Officer has heard the same  things from people in her State of Iowa as well. As the President said,  ``This is our new American moment.''   ``This is our new American moment,'' and I agree. The American  economy is back on the right track. It is going to take a lot of hard  work for us to stay on the right track. Some of that work involves  building our country's infrastructure. America's roads, bridges, dams,  highways, and ports are critical to our Nation's success. Republicans  know it. Democrats know it.   The American Society of Civil Engineers gives America's  infrastructure a poor grade. One out of every five miles of highway  pavement is in bad condition. As chairman of the Environment and Public  Works Committee, I am committed to improving this situation by working  with the President and with Members of both parties. We need to fix a  lot of our aging infrastructure. To do that, we need a robust, fiscally  responsible infrastructure plan that makes it easier to start and to  finish these projects more quickly.   I was chairman of the Transportation Committee in the Wyoming State  Senate. I saw how we could make projects less costly and more efficient  if we could just speed up and streamline the permitting process and the  approval process for projects to get done.   We have a project back home to rebuild a highway interchange in the  northern part of Sheridan County in Sheridan, WY. It took 14 years to  develop and get the approval of the planning and permitting for this  interchange that needed to be built for safety purposes. The actual  construction took less than 2 years. This is a safety project. It is  important for trucks and cars that go through this part of our State to  do it in the safest way possible. Anything we can do as members of the  EPW Committee and Members of the Senate to make sure we can finish  projects like this one faster is going to be better for our communities  and is going to be better for people's safety.   According to the Bipartisan Policy Center, there are 59 different  reviews and permits that an infrastructure project may need to get.  There are a dozen different agencies that can slow down projects along  the way, and that is just at the Federal level.   One of the steps that takes the longest amount of time is what they  call an environmental impact statement. We all agree we need to make  sure that big construction projects don't damage the environment. The  problem is, these reviews have taken on a life of their own. They now  take an average of 5 years to complete. That is just one type of review  that the construction projects have to go through before workers can  put a shovel in the ground.   The regulations and redtape have become unreasonable, and they have  become excessive. There was a study recently that looked at all of  these regulatory delays and the cost of them. It found that the cost of  delaying the start of all these public infrastructure projects in this  country by 6 years is over $3.7 trillion--not millions, not billions-- $3.7 trillion. Think of how much we could accomplish and how much we  could save if we could cut out these delays just a little bit.   We know that is possible. In 2011, the Obama administration picked 14  infrastructure projects for expedited review. One of the projects was a  new bridge in New York. New York managed to do the environmental impact  statement in just 11 months. Why should it take 5 years in Wyoming? It  is 5 years normally and less than 1 year with this expedited plan. This  proves Washington can do these reviews and can do this permitting  faster when it wants to.   The problem is, Washington usually doesn't care if these projects get  done any faster. President Trump understands this completely. He has  shown that he intends to change the mindset in Washington. It is  interesting, when we remember that George Washington was a surveyor  long before he was our first President. I don't think we have had a  President since then who has President Trump's experience in building  things and dealing with all of the challenges that come with what we  have seen from the times of Washington and Jefferson.   President Trump understands that the shorter we can make the permit  process, the better. These are projects that can save lives. They can  provide economic opportunities in towns and communities all across the  country. It is what we are hearing in townhalls when we talk to people.  When we cut the Washington regulations and redtape, we allow for more  economic growth.   That is what Republicans have been doing for the past year because as  soon as President Trump took office, Republicans in Congress began  striking down unnecessary, burdensome, and costly regulations from the  Obama administration.   Republicans wiped 15 of these major rules off the books. A major rule  is one where the time and money it takes to comply with the rule adds  up to $100 million or more. This is going to save Americans as much as  $36 billion. The total saved so far, $36 billion.   The Trump administration has been very active in cutting needless  regulations as well. The President froze action on over 2,000 Obama  administration rules that hadn't taken effect yet. This is one of the  first things President Trump did and what he is committed to do.   He said that for every significant new regulation Washington writes,  his administration would offset it by getting rid of two other rules.  New regulation, get rid of two. That is how to make a real difference  in Washington, and we are seeing it with the Trump administration. That  is how to free the American people so they can get back to work.   The economy has responded all across the country. New employment  numbers came out last Friday. The American economy has created more  than 2 million jobs since President Trump took office. The unemployment  rate is down to 4.1 percent. Wages are up by almost 3 percent over the  past year. The Associated Press had a headline on Friday that said:  ``US added strong 200K jobs in January; pay up most in 8 years.''   The Los Angeles Times headline was: ``U.S. economy creates 200,000  jobs in January; wages take off.''   According to a Gallup poll last week, Americans' satisfaction with  the state of the economy improved by 12 percentage points over the past  year. That is a huge leap.   President Trump is absolutely right, this is our new American moment.  We must keep providing relief from Washington redtape for it to  continue. We have done that with other regulations. We need to do it  with the things that slow down infrastructure projects as well. That is  how we make sure our economy continues to grow. Fixing and improving  America's aging infrastructure needs to be a bipartisan goal. We need  to be able to do it faster, better, cheaper, and smarter.   So today I call on my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do all  we can to make this happen. These are not Democratic projects or  Republican projects, they are the projects we need to continue to make  our country stronger, safer, better, and more prosperous.   I yield the floor.   