 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to say  ``pause,'' take a step back, reject the rule, and give ourselves a  chance to, frankly, do it better.   FISA reauthorization is inarguably one of the most consequential  votes we will take in this Congress because the constitutional stakes  are so high. Civil liberties are the core of our Bill of Rights, and we  are asked to take action that affects them in the name of keeping us  safe. I get that.   But it is critical that we get it right. I think we can do better. To  make decisions of this magnitude, we should have the most robust  process possible, full and open debate, and input from the  stakeholders, thoughtful deliberations by the Members. The process for  this bill thus far has decidedly not been that, has not been great. It  was written and rewritten in secret and with minimal debate or  stakeholders' input.   But--this is a big but--I am actually optimistic because I have seen  a change in the last few days and I think we have an opportunity here.  The administration is suddenly engaged, and we are seeing vibrant  debate from stakeholders in the technology sector, civil liberties  advocates. Members have had very serious discussions, including here on  the floor today, but in the Halls, offering amendments to rules,  unfortunately, which are not being allowed--save one.   We are being asked to shut all that down, that opportunity, and push  through an extension that will run for 6 years. Frankly, stop and  think: 6 years in the world of technology is an eternity.  [[Page H110]]    So, for all these reasons, I ask my fellow Members to join me in  opposing this rule and, instead, allow the House an opportunity to work  its will, to take a little more time, and to do it better because we  really do need to wrestle with privacy, with what privacy means in a  world where our entire personal lives are stored somewhere online as  ones and zeros. Frankly, that is happening at an even faster pace than  it is now.   We need to debate how the Fourth Amendment protects us against search  and seizures applying to our digital records. We are all being rendered  into nothing but a massive storehouse of ones and zeros.   The tensions or balance between civil liberties and national security  is a debate as old as this country, but they are not mutually  exclusive. They are hard--they are darn hard--but they are not mutually  exclusive and they are not impossible.   I know well how many threats we face around the world and I don't  take them lightly. The fact that we have not faced another major  terrorist attack since 9/11 is a testament to the skill and the hard  work of the intelligence community, and I tip my hat to them. I am  absolutely committed to giving them the tools they need to keep us  safe, consistent with our constitutional rights.   But we live in an era of the most powerful spying tools the world has  ever known. Twenty-five years ago conversations were ephemeral. They  were conducted in person or over the phone. But now they occur over  email or chat and they are archived forever. Our medical, financial,  and legal records are all online; so are our photos. Our cell phones  track us everywhere we go.   The data available on us is unprecedented, and the fundamental  principle of the Bill of Rights is that we have the right to keep our  data private. We need new safeguards to ensure that.   So, by rejecting this rule, we have a chance to do it better. In so  doing, both keep us safe and protect our constitutional rights.   For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject the  rule.   