 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for  up to 15 minutes as in morning business.    Mr. President, this past year and half of the Trump  administration has been a constant, daily barrage of scandal,  corruption, and chaotic incompetence. In this environment, the Senate  now considers the President's controversial nomination of Brian  Benczkowski to lead the Criminal Division of the U.S. Department of  Justice. It has been over a year since Benczkowski was first nominated,  and there have been repeated calls for his nomination to be withdrawn.   Why this man, for this job, at this time? There is a very good chance  that something fishy is happening here. The warning signals of  something fishy should be evident to Democratic and Republican Senators  alike.   The obvious question is whether President Trump and his political or  legal team are using this appointment to sneak a fast one by the  American people and put themselves in a position to interfere, from the  inside, with the Department of Justice investigation into the dealings  between Russia and the Trump campaign--the so-called Mueller  investigation, though it has expanded beyond Bob Mueller into several  other parts of the Department of Justice.   How would this fast one work exactly? We will be voting tomorrow to  install a Trump ally and nominee--a longtime political operative with  ties to a Russian bank and to the recused Attorney General Jeff  Sessions--into one of the most powerful posts at the Department of  Justice, a position that just so happens to have significant  supervisory control over Special Counsel Mueller's investigation and  the criminal investigation of the Southern District of New York into  Trump's personal lawyer, Michael Cohen. What could possibly go wrong?   Remember, we are dealing with a President who remains the subject of  an ongoing criminal investigation by the Department of Justice. We are  dealing with a President who repeatedly violates longstanding rules and  norms in his continuing effort to interfere with that investigation. We  are dealing with a President who has told the press he believes he has  ``absolute control'' over the Department of Justice and who repeatedly  criticizes Attorney General Sessions' recusal from the Russian  interference investigation as insufficiently ``loyal.''   We are dealing with a President who appears to have actively  interfered in the Department's investigations into Michael Flynn, who  insisted on ``loyalty'' from his FBI Director, and who admitted that  firing that FBI Director was to ease pressure over what he called ``the  Russia thing.''   We know all of this in the Senate, often from this President's own  mouth and his own tweets. With that backdrop from the Oval Office for  this nomination, extra caution is warranted to be sure we are not being  led into trouble.   Worse still, it is not just the President who is up to no good with  respect to the ongoing criminal investigation. Republicans in the  House--I suspect hand in hand with the White House and legal team--are  pressing their smear campaign against Deputy Attorney General  Rosenstein, seeming to want to kneecap the independence of the Mueller  investigation and get access to its confidential investigative files.   As a former U.S. attorney, I recoil from the notion that a  legislative body wants to peek over the shoulders of prosecutors in an  ongoing investigation, particularly when those legislators are so  closely allied with the subject of that investigation.   Against that added backdrop of House interference, the Senate is  being asked to install a Trump loyalist into a key position of  authority and control over the Russia-Trump collusion investigation.  Even more caution is warranted for this nomination, given the behavior  of the House.   Why this man, for this job, at this time? Why Benczkowski? Let's  review. He is nominated to be the Chief of the Criminal Division, a  critically important office within the Department of Justice. He will  oversee nearly 700 career prosecutors who are some of the most talented  and experienced lawyers in the country. Criminal Division lawyers  prosecute nationally significant cases, from high-profile public  corruption to child exploitation, to complicated money laundering and  international organized crime cases.   One thing that is obvious--that is obvious--is that Mr. Benczkowski  brings astoundingly weak qualifications to that task. Given the stakes  and the complexity of the Criminal Division's work, you would expect  someone leading the Division who had years of experience as a  prosecutor, who had tried cases to a verdict--someone who knew the ins  and outs of the Division's work and knew his way around Federal  courtrooms.   To say that Benczkowski lacks this experience is putting it mildly.  He may be the weakest candidate ever put forward in the history of the  Department to oversee the Criminal Division. He is probably not hirable  into the career positions he will oversee. The man has less courtroom  time than the average citizen who has sat on a jury. He has never tried  a case of any sort, criminal or civil, State or Federal. He has never  argued a motion--something most litigators have done in their first  years out of law school. He has never worked as a prosecutor. His  stints at the Department of Justice were never as a practicing lawyer  but always on the political side. In his whole career, he told the  Senate, he could only come up with one or two times he ever entered a  courtroom on what he called ``routine scheduling or other matters.''    So it is not Benczkowski's experience or qualifications that are the  reasons for his appointment. If qualifications and experience are not  the reasons for his appointment, why put this prosecutorial neophyte  into one of the most powerful, important prosecutorial positions at the  Department of Justice? What, one might ask, is the motive? What do we  know?   Although serious questions remain unanswered by the Department of  Justice and by Mr. Benczkowski, we know from our correspondence with  the Department that the Russia-Trump collusion investigation is being  run under Department of Justice procedures that require approvals by  the Criminal Division for a wide array of investigative and  prosecutorial steps. As the U.S. attorney for Rhode Island, I used to  have  [[Page S4870]]  to work with the Department of Justice and go through those approvals  and those steps. The Mueller investigation and the Cohen investigation  in the Southern District of New York are both subject to those same  rules. That gives Mr. Benczkowski, if he is confirmed, not just a  window into the Russia-Trump collusion investigation but the ability to  actually interfere.   What else we know about Mr. Benczkowski is that he was a longtime  political operative here in the Senate, on the Senate Judiciary  Committee, where he worked as staff director for none other than  Senator Jeff Sessions. Well, Attorney General Jeff Sessions has recused  himself from the Russia-Trump collusion investigation. It is therefore  an obvious question, if this person brings no experience as a  prosecutor but plenty of experience as a close political operative for  Jeff Sessions, whether that close political relationship is the reason.   That, in turn, presents the obvious question: Since Benczkowski is  not there for his experience or for his qualifications, is he being  installed as some kind of back channel, either as a trusted  intermediary to get information to Attorney General Sessions around his  recusal from this investigation perhaps or perhaps, in a worst-case  scenario, to be a pipeline to Trump and his lawyers of confidential  investigative information--the kind of information that House  Republicans are trying to get their hands on? Maybe it is simply to jam  the bureaucratic gears whenever Robert Mueller seeks approvals from the  Criminal Division.   These are not easy questions, but there is an easy answer to these  questions, and that easy answer is, don't worry, Mr. Benczkowski will  be fully recused from that investigation. But the Department and Mr.  Benczkowski won't say that. There have been no meaningful answers to  these questions. Why won't they just say he will be recused? That  should be easy.   It gets weirder. Benczkowski has his own Russia-Trump angle. After  the election, with his old boss Sessions tapped to become Attorney  General, Benczkowski volunteered for the Trump transition team, leading  the so-called landing team at DOJ. It was on his way out the door from  that role, heading back to his law firm, that Benczkowski told Sessions  he was interested in securing a political appointment in the Department  of Justice.   Scroll forward 2 months to March of 2017, when Benczkowski got a call  from one of his law partners. The firm was representing the Russian  Alfa Bank against allegations that Alfa Bank was serving as a back  channel to the Trump organization. Alfa Bank is one of Russia's largest  banks, and its owners reportedly have longstanding ties to Vladimir  Putin. The partner wanted to know whether Benczkowski--fresh off the  Trump Department of Justice transition team--could help the Russian  bank. Benczkowski joined the firm's Alfa Bank legal team.   The next month, in April of 2017, Benczkowski was contacted by the  Attorney General's office to ask whether he would like this job to head  up the Department's Criminal Division. Press reports as early as May 4  indicated that Benczkowski was likely to be tapped for this Criminal  Division job. Surely a person of sound judgment at this point would  have stopped representing a Russian bank that might be under DOJ  investigation for secret ties to the President. Surely. But no. Rather  than withdraw from his representation, Benczkowski expanded his  portfolio with Alfa Bank to review the now famous and widely verified  Steele dossier.   The Steele dossier has been a feature not only in the Russia-Trump  collusion investigation, it has also been a feature of Republican  political efforts to discredit and besmirch the collusion  investigation.   Benczkowski's new portfolio was to advise whether Alfa Bank, the  Russian bank, should file a defamation suit against publisher BuzzFeed  for disclosing the Steele dossier, which Alfa Bank subsequently did in  New York State court.   There is more. Benczkowski's nomination to this position triggered  confirmation obligations to disclose information to the Senate  Judiciary Committee about his background, publications, and clients.  This client was a Putin-tied Russian bank, and Benczkowski's work  related to the red-hot Steele dossier. So obviously he disclosed this  client relationship--actually, not. Benczkowski's Senate Judiciary  questionnaire included no mention whatsoever of the Russian bank. Only  when Democratic Senators reviewed Benczkowski's confidential FBI  background report did questions arise about his relationship with Alfa  Bank and his review of the Steele dossier for this Russian client.  Benczkowski explained the troubling omission, telling us that he had  been forbidden by his firm's confidentiality agreement from disclosing  his work for Alfa Bank.   Some people would have thought his obligations of disclosure to the  Senate mattered more than obligations of nondisclosure to such a  client. These disclosure issues are customarily waived by clients in  these circumstances or the nominee can withdraw. You don't just fail to  list such a client, but that is what he did.   Mr. Benczkowski was voted out of the Judiciary Committee on a party- line vote a year ago. Now, with the Russia-Trump investigation heating  up, with significant new potential cooperating witnesses, and with  millions of pages of new documents available to the Department of  Justice from Michael Cohen, now Republicans bring this nomination  forward. Particularly this week, when the country has turned its focus  to the Supreme Court announcement--an announcement obviously likely to  dominate the news cycle--this bizarre nomination gets called up for a  vote. It is almost as if they don't want people watching while this  happens.   This is a nomination that should fail on qualifications alone. In the  long history of the Department of Justice, there has never been so  unqualified a nominee, in my view. In the name of the 700 career  prosecutors in the Criminal Division who deserve an experienced and  capable leader at their helm, in the name of the crime victims our  criminal laws and their enforcement are intended to protect, I urge my  colleagues to vote no just on qualifications. But this goes beyond an  unqualified nominee; this is a nominee exhibiting a flashing array of  warnings that there may be mischief afoot here. No Senator should take  this vote unaware of these obvious warnings. Why somebody so  unqualified? Why somebody so politically connected to the Attorney  General? Why right now, right in the middle of constant interference by  President Trump and his legal team and constant interference by House  Republicans with this investigation? Now we put someone in who won't  say he will recuse himself, who will have a window into this  investigation, who will have the power to interfere with this  investigation? That seems like a lot to let pass.   In the name of the integrity and independence of the Department of  Justice, Senators should vote no because of the contamination risk Mr.  Benczkowski poses even if he were qualified for the post. This  combination of lack of qualification--a flagrant, flat-out unqualified  nominee--and the risk of contamination in an environment in which there  are abundant political efforts to interfere with this investigation-- that is a combination no Senator ought to accept--not for this man, not  for this job, not at this time.   If mischief is afoot and if these dark prospects should come to pass,  Senators, we will have been warned. We will have been warned.   I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.   