 Mr. Speaker, I claim time in opposition to the motion  to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this  effort to distract us from the major problems that we are attempting to  address in our country. This motion to recommit deals only with a red  herring. It fixes nothing, but rather ensures that catch and release  will remain in effect.   The American people want a holistic approach to reforming immigration  laws that focuses on enforcement first before legalization. The motion  to recommit simply does not do that.   H.R. 6136 helps solve the problem with a surge of people coming  illegally into the United States by funding the border wall  construction and other infrastructure at the border, and it closes the  loopholes that require catch and release of aliens who have entered  illegally. The bill begins the process of reforming the way U.S. green  cards are  [[Page H5766]]  allocated. And it provides a path to legalization for the DACA-eligible  population.   H.R. 6136 addresses the areas that need to be addressed in  immigration: enforcement, including a true fix to the issue of  separation of children from their parents; it includes border security,  legal immigration, and legalization for DACA-eligible individuals.   The motion to recommit does none of that. I urge my colleagues to  oppose that motion.   I also want to call to everyone's attention the Statement of  Administration Policy issued by the Executive Office of the President,  Office of Management and Budget just this morning. It says in part:  ``The administration strongly supports House passage of H.R. 6136, the  Border Security and Immigration Reform Act of 2018. . . .''   ``H.R. 6136 would end the visa lottery program and would begin moving  toward a merit-based system for admission. H.R. 6136 would also reduce  extended-family chain migration by removing family preference  categories for siblings and adult married children. . . .''   ``Overall, the Border Security and Immigration Reform Act of 2018  would support the administration's goals of securing the border,  closing legal loopholes, moving to a system of merit-based immigration,  and providing a responsible solution to DACA.   ``If H.R. 6136 were presented to the President, his advisers would  recommend that he sign it into law.''   But, you don't have to listen to his advisers. You can listen to the  President himself, because he tweeted this morning: ``House Republicans  should pass the strong but fair immigration bill, known as Goodlatte  II, in their afternoon vote today, even though the Dems won't let it  pass in the Senate. Passage will show that we want strong borders and  security while the Dems want open borders equals crime. Win.''   That is what we need to do today. We need to win by defeating this  motion to recommit and passing this important legislation that brings  America forward in addressing our immigration issues, is an appropriate  fix for the DACA population, secures our borders, and moves towards a  merit-based immigration system that this country needs. That is what we  are about today.   Mr. Speaker, reject the motion to recommit, pass this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   