 Mr. Chairman, I rise as a conservative in support of  this measure.   As conservatives, we want less government; but the government that we  have, we want to work better. I think that WRDA does that.   I think one of the things we look at is how do we become more  competitive as a society relative to all the other places around the  globe in the way that we deliver goods, whether by land, by air, or by  sea. Again, this bill does that.   I stand in support of this measure and thank the chairman for his  work on it. I want to particularly single him out for what he has done  with the WRDA process.   As has already been mentioned, there was a 7-year skip between WRDA  bills. But there was a bill in 2014; there was a bill in 2016; there  was a bill in 2018. That kind of predictability is absolutely necessary  if you are going to see marine and other investments as we have seen,  for instance, in a place like Charleston.   Two, I want to thank him for what he is doing with regard to non- Federal sponsors. This idea of adding new flexibility in the way that  we originate programs, I think, makes a lot of sense. One authorization  means a bottleneck. What this bill does is frees up bottlenecks in the  way that things get funded.   Third, I want to single out Garret Graves and, again, the chairman,  for this study on whether or not civil works can be done by nonmilitary  actors. I think that this is vital in moving the backlog through that  now exists on the WRDA front.   Finally, I want to say thanks for what he is doing on cost-benefit  analysis. A place like Charleston has been heavily hampered as a  consequence of their throwing in local money. What we want to reward at  the Federal level is more in the way of State and local money as we  leverage Federal investment.   Again, I thank the chairman for what he has done on this measure, and  I rise in support of H.R. 8.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this is a bipartisan amendment that I wrote  with Members Delaney, Duncan, and others, and I think it simply makes  common sense. What it does is that it ensures the timely payback of  advanced funds to a non-Federal sponsor.   What does that mean in English?   What that means is that we have a program called the advanced project  agreements wherein you have a Federal actor and a local actor, and it  can be that the local actor advances funds to speed the project's  completion. What this amendment says is, if you have advanced beyond  more than your share, then you, on a timely basis, would be paid back  for more than your share.   Now, why is that important?   If we are going to be competitive as a country, what we need to  recognize is that, indeed, time is money. One of the things most  critical to improving our water resources is timely completion of these  projects.   So this is ultimately about recognizing that time is money;  recognizing that, to be competitive, we have got to speed the progress  that we see on these kinds of projects; and, in fact, it ties to what  we all know about competitiveness. I mean, getting things done means a  bias for action; it means not waiting on others; it means showing  initiative; it means, if you go the extra mile, you get rewarded for  it.   Let me give one quick example.   In the port in Charleston, it is a $558 million project. The Federal  share is $287 million; the non-Federal share is $271 million.   In the case of South Carolina, they have gone ahead and saved, if you  will, in their piggy bank $300 million. If they advance the entire $300  million, are they just out of luck or are they held to the original  agreement of this is the Federal share and this is the State share, and  therefore, even if you advance that money, you are going to get that  additional $29 million back?   That, to me, makes imminent common sense, because most of all what it  does is it recognizes that time is money, and allowing local actors to  move more quickly and not wait on Federal activity is something in all  of our respective best interests.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Shuster for agreeing to the  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   