 Madam President, I would like to extend my  congratulations to the Senator from South Dakota. This is a significant  agreement on which he and Senator Nelson and others have worked very  hard. I want to especially thank him for including in the bill  something Senator Feinstein of California and I have worked on for  several years; that is, the provision to ban the use of cell phones on  airplanes. There is nothing worse than sitting next to someone on a 4- hour flight who would make it his or her business of revealing all of  the intimate details of their life to someone on a cell phone. This  would take care of that.   I would say to the Senator from South Dakota that sometimes I suggest  to my friends in Tennessee that they look at Washington, DC, as a  split-screen television. On the one side are tweets and Supreme Court  contention and cable television and arguments, and on the other side we  are getting quite a bit done, like the FAA bill, like the songwriters  bill, like the appropriations bills that have kept us first in the  world in supercomputing. Thanks to the leadership of Senator Blunt of  Missouri and Senator Murray of Washington, we have, for the fourth  consecutive year, included record funding for biomedical research. That  doesn't capture as much attention as the other side of the TV screen,  but it demonstrates that we are capable in this body of both vigorous  contention on arguments, and we are also capable of doing the basic  work of the Senate, which is to take big issues, see if we can come to  some agreement about it, and come to a lasting conclusion, which the  Senator was able to do, and I congratulate him for it.   I want to speak for a few minutes about another example of that. We  are in the midst of contentious disagreement about the Supreme Court,  but at the same time we have an urgent, bipartisan consensus, of  virtually unanimous agreement, to deal with the most urgent public  health epidemic facing our country today in virtually every community;  that is, the opioids crisis. Each one of us has stories about how the  opioids epidemic is ravaging our hometowns and our home States.   For example, at one of the several hearings we had in the Health  Committee which I chair, a mother, Becky Savage, talked about her two  sons whom she found in her basement after a graduation party one night,  both dead. She was happy they were in their basement because instead of  out driving around town, doing what teenagers might be doing, they were  at home, but someone brought alcohol, someone brought opioid pills from  the medicine cabinet in some home, and someone mixed those two  together, producing two overdoses for two children who were not drug  addicts, who were not alcoholics but who made a mistake.   Another hearing involved visiting the Niswonger Children's Hospital  in Johnson City, TN, where one-third of the babies born in the neonatal  center there are born withdrawing from opioids because their mothers  are addicted, and it takes them days or weeks more to get over that. We  listened to two judges in Upper East Tennessee, two criminal court  judges, State judges, who said that of 6,000 completed cases they heard  last year, two-thirds of them had something to do with the opioid  epidemic.   There was the drug agent from Tennessee who was in my office who  deals with meth and all sorts of drugs, and he described for me what  had happened when they seized some fentanyl. Fentanyl is the white  powder that is 50 times stronger than opioids--which comes from China,  often in the mail--and which this bill we are about to talk about deals  with. This drug agent, who is an experienced law enforcement officer,  told me that just by opening a small plastic bag with a little of the  white powder getting into the air, he was almost overcome and had to  leave  [[Page S6469]]  the room because it would cause him to pass out. That is the epidemic  we are dealing with everywhere in America.   Before I describe the bill, let me talk about two things that have to  do with the bill. One is money and one is moonshot. People often say,  when I describe our bill--which we called the Opioid Crisis Response  Act but is now called by, I think, a better name, the SUPPORT for  Patients and Communities Act--when I describe the bill, people ask:  Where is the money? Well, the money is not in this bill. This is an  authorization bill. We do money in other bills. We call them  appropriations bills. The Congress and President Trump have both been  attentive to the money.   Since just March, including the appropriations bill passed in March  and the appropriations bills approved by the Senate last week, we will  have directed in the Congress $8.5 billion toward the opioid crisis-- everything from hundreds of millions for nonaddictive pain medicines to  $1 billion for grants to States for more treatment--so $8.5 billion  just this year. That is the money.   Then, so far as the moonshot, some people say to me, ``Well, we need  a moonshot for the opioids,'' and I wish we could have one. We probably  need the energy, we probably need the money, and we probably need the  resources and the determination it took in the 1960s for President  Kennedy to say: Let's go to the Moon in a decade. Unfortunately, we  can't do that from Washington, DC. This problem will not solve itself  from here.   We can't assign this task to an agency and say: Fix it in 10 years.  That is why we call this bill the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities  Act. The opioids epidemic is going to have to be solved in Ames, IA,  and Nashville, TN, and Sacramento, CA, and communities all across this  country by Governors who work with medical faculty to change the  curriculum on how doctors learn about pain medicine; by States that,  like Tennessee, have begun to limit the opioid prescriptions to 3 days  at a time to try to avoid the 60-day, 60-pill bottle that someone might  take home and use 15 pills and then have the rest taken by a teenager  to a party, with a terrible result at the end; by the judges who deal  with opioids and their criminal cases; and by the nurses and the  treatment officials who try to help people with medication. All of this  has to be solved community by community by community. We know that. We  are not pretending that a single act here can fix the problem. We have  had urgent bipartisan consensus on this. There have been contributions  from 5 Senate committees, and 72 different Senators are reflected in  this bill. That is why we have urgent bipartisan consensus, because we  want to do everything we can do to provide tools to parents and  patients and doctors and nurses and communities and Governors--anyone  we can find--to deal with this crisis.   Senator McConnell has called this opioid legislation ``landmark  legislation,'' and I believe he is right. In our State, as in most  States, more people are killed by opioid overdoses than by car  crashes--in Tennessee, 1,776 last year. That is why the House passed  this bill by 393 to 8 last Friday. That is why, after we vote on this  bill today at 3:15, it will go directly to the President, and I am  confident he will sign it quickly.   With more than 70 different provisions, there is no way to talk about  them all. Each one is important, but here are a few of the most  important:   Senator Portman's STOP Act. I talked about fentanyl--the white powder  that is 50 times more powerful than opioids--coming by mail from China.  FedEx and UPS can stop it, but the U.S. Postal Service can't. This  gives the government the authority to stop that powder from coming in  from China.   Nonaddictive painkillers. The most common reason Americans see a  doctor is because they hurt. They have pain. There are 100 million  Americans with some pain, and there are 25 million Americans with  chronic pain. They need help, and if opioids can't help over a long  term, they need a nonaddictive pain medicine, which is why we have put  in hundreds of millions of dollars and passed fast-tracked legislation  to find that.   Blister packs for opioids. States have begun to limit the doses of  opioids that can be prescribed. We give to the Food and Drug  Administration the authority to require manufactures to sell opioids in  blister packs of three, five, or seven.   Extend support for Medicaid patients. Again, Senator Portman worked  hard on this one, as did others. This extends from 15 to 30 days the  time for treatment for people with a substance use disorder, and it  expands it to all those disorders.   The TREAT Act. Senator Paul and Senator Markey have pushed this. It  permanently allows more medical professionals to treat people in  recovery to prevent relapse and overdose.   The bill prevents doctor-shopping by improving State prescription  drug monitoring programs, and it provides more behavioral and mental  health providers and support for comprehensive opioid recovery  centers--all three of the major techniques we know.   It provides help for babies born in opioid withdrawal and for mothers  with opioid use disorders and more early intervention with vulnerable  children who have experienced trauma.   As I said, there are more than 70 different proposals from Senators  themselves, equally divided between Democrats and Republicans. That is  why this bill, which is the most complex one, I suspect, I have ever  worked on--I have worked on some complex ones, but it is as complex as  any--it literally had to have the support of every single one of the  Senators to move through this body once, to the House, and I suspect it  will almost get it 100 percent again because of the urgency and the  participation in this.   I mentioned the $8.5 billion. Senator Blunt says there has been a  1,300-percent increase in congressional funding to combat the opioid  crisis over the last 4 years.   Eight committees in the House. Five committees in the Senate.  Seventy-two Senators. Senator Portman's STOP Act. Senators Paul and  Markey's TREAT Act. Senator Rubio worked with us as we moved the Senate  bill forward, and in the final version is his Eliminating Kickbacks in  Recovery Act, which we were able to include in this final consensus  legislation.   I thank Senator McConnell, the majority leader, and Senator Schumer,  the Democratic leader. They have lots to think about. They have many  demands on them and their time. But they have made it possible through  this whole process to make room for this because they understood the  importance of it, and I thank them for that.   I thank the chairmen and ranking members of the other Senate  committees--Senators Hatch, Grassley, Thune, Crapo, Murray, Wyden,  Feinstein, Nelson, Brown--and their staffs. It is not that easy for  that many committees to put down their jurisdictional jealousies and  work across committee jurisdictions to work together, but we had an  urgent bipartisan consensus that we needed a result here.   I thank Senator McConnell's staff, Scott Raab and John Abegg, as well  as Senator Schumer's staff, Veronica Duron, for all of their work on  the legislation. They expedited it when it needed to be expedited.   I thank David Cleary on my staff and Evan Schatz on Senator Murray's  staff. They are the chiefs on those issues. When they work together and  Senator Murray and I work together, we often can get a lot done.   On my staff, I especially want to thank Grace Stuntz, who was the  policewoman on all of this, working with the various committees here  and the various committees in the House, and her team: Andy Vogt,  Melissa Pfaff, Margaret Coulter, Curtis Vann, Tyler Shrive, Brett  Meeks, and Jen Boyer. They did a tremendous amount of work. I also  thank Lindsey Seidman, Bobby McMillin, Jake Baker, Jordan Hynes, Liz  Wolgemuth, Taylor Haulsee, Ashton Davies, Elizabeth Gibson, Christina  Mandreucci, Evan Dixon, and William Heartsill.   On Senator Murray's staff, I thank John Righter, Nick Bath, Andi  Fristedt, Laurel Sakai, Colin Goldfinch, Madeleine Pannell, Allie  Kimmel, Katherine McClelland, Lori Achman, Sheri Lou Santos, and Remy  Brim.   We worked closely with the House of Representatives. I called both  Representative Walden and Representative Brady and talked with them  before we went ahead with this, and they  [[Page S6470]]  worked seamlessly with us for the last several months. The chairmen and  ranking members of the House who made contributions included  Representatives Walden, Brady, Goodlatte, Foxx, Shuster, Pallone, Neal,  Conyers, Scott, DeFazio, and their staffs.   Lastly, I would like to thank the staff of the Senate and House  Legislative Counsel. They helped us write the bill. With all of the  changes and all the Senators and all the provisions, they did a  spectacular job. The staff of the administration provided technical  assistance along the way, as well as the staff of the Congressional  Budget Office. They worked literally around the clock. They worked on  weekends to make it possible for us to get through the House and to now  get through the Senate and down Pennsylvania Avenue to the President of  the United States. This wouldn't be here without them.   This is a landmark piece of legislation. This legislation, with more  than 70 contributions from U.S. Senators--really equally divided  between both parties--and $8.5 billion of funding since March, is an  important step toward dealing with the most serious public health  epidemic in any of our communities. The Supreme Court debate is  important, but in hundreds of thousands of families and literally every  community across this country, this is more important. This is more  important, and this legislation will help.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I wish to say to the Senator from  Washington that I fully subscribe to her remarks. She is the ranking  Democrat on the HELP Committee, and we work together to produce  results. I like it when we can, and I think the American people do as  well.   I had a chance to come to the floor earlier this afternoon to thank  Senator Murray and her staff and the other Senators and their staffs  and the large number of people who made this bill possible, so I will  not repeat all that.   I would like to say, I think it is worthwhile to stop and say that at  the time of a contentious debate about the Supreme Court, the U.S.  Senate has found something that is equally important and really more  important to hundreds of families across this country, maybe thousands,  in virtually every community because the opioid epidemic is our most  severe public health epidemic, and we have worked together, and we  literally have unanimously agreed on this bill in the Senate, all 100  of us--well, maybe not all 100 but almost all 100 of us. At least all  100 of us agreed to let it go forward, and almost all 100 of us will  vote for it.   The House of Representatives was nearly as unanimous. We have a  bipartisan sense of urgency to deal with this. Senator McConnell has  called it landmark legislation.   It is not the first step the Senate and the House have taken. There  was the CARA Act, Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. There was  the 21st Century Cures Act, which Senator Murray and I worked on and  presented to the Congress and which Senator McConnell called the most  important piece of legislation in the last Congress.   There are the appropriations bills, which have produced this year  $8.5 billion for the opioid crisis when you combine the money  appropriated in March and the money that is being approved this month.   Then there are the provisions of this act. More than 70 Senators have  made contributions to it. Senator Murray listed many of them: Senator  Portman's STOP Act to stop fentanyl from coming through the mail; the  Holy Grail, in my opinion, nonaddictive painkillers.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for an extra 60 seconds to  finish my remarks.    Authority for the FDA to require manufacturers to sell  smaller doses of opioids; extending treatment for Medicaid patients  from 15 to 30 days in covering all substances; the TREAT Act, Senator  Markey, Senator Paul worked hard on this.   I want to especially thank Senator McConnell and Senator Schumer for  creating the environment so we could put together the work of five  different committees in the Senate and eight different committees in  the House of Representatives. That rarely happens. It takes a good deal  of restraint and good will, and the reason for it is because of this  bipartisan urgency to deal  [[Page S6483]]  with this problem. This is not a moonshot from Washington. It is  everything, though, we could think of to do; more than 70 different  proposals to support patients and support communities as they continue  to fight our No. 1 public health epidemic.   I yield the floor.   