 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Shimkus, as  well, for continuing to bring light to the broken promise the Federal  Government made to our communities.   The State of Minnesota is home to three nuclear reactors, two of  which are at the Prairie Island Nuclear Generating Plant in my  district. Located directly adjacent to the Prairie Island Indian  Reservation and the city of Red Wing, the plant has stored spent  nuclear fuel on site since the 1970s. While this is done in a very safe  and highly secure manner, storage in close proximity to large  communities is simply not appropriate.   In 1982, Congress agreed and made it clear that they wanted the  Federal Government to oversee and manage the storage of spent fuel.  Congress did not want to put the burden and oversight of maintaining  safe nuclear storage on our local communities. The Nuclear Waste Policy  Act was adopted, and the Federal Government was tasked with creating a  national Federal repository for used fuel.   The Federal Government began collecting taxes on all users of nuclear  power. In the end, my constituents, businesses, and Americans  throughout the country have paid roughly $40 billion in taxes and  interest.   In 1995, due to the inaction at the Federal level the plant in my  district was forced to take matters into their own hands. While they  continued to help fund a repository, they also invested in and began  operating a dry cask storage area, a pad on site that could hold up to  48 casks of fuel.    Now, that should have been more than enough to cover their needs  until the Federal Government finished their job. Today, Prairie Island  is home to 40 casks, with 7 more expected to be filled by 2020.   Thirty-six years after the passage of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act,  we still have no repository. Prairie Island now has to go through the  process of planning to expand their dry cask facilities in order to  accommodate fuel they paid the Federal Government to dispose of.   So I strongly support the efforts of Chairman Shimkus, and that is  why I cosponsored the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017. We  owe it to our communities to follow through on our promise to provide a  safe place for storage.   Meanwhile, it isn't just our local communities that are impacted by  this inaction. When Congress passed a budget last year, I worked to  point out that the Federal Government had assumed major liabilities  associated with its failure to provide safe and environmentally  friendly storage. The GAO recently reported that the Federal  Government's environmental liability alone is nearly $450 billion and  growing.   At the same time, the funds collected from taxpayers to open a  repository have begun being diverted to other payout settlements and  judgments based on our broken promise. By the end of fiscal year 2016,  $6.1 billion had been paid out, with the Department of Energy  estimating another $25 billion to follow.   It is time to keep our promise. Our communities expect it, and the  Federal Government cannot afford not to do so. Mr. Speaker, I strongly  urge passage of the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act.   