 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Planned Parenthood ends the lives of 320,000  babies each year. That is about 900 babies every day. Planned  Parenthood receives over $400 million of taxpayer money. The  government, with a wink and a nod, tells us that Planned Parenthood  doesn't spend the money on abortions, but everybody knows that the  taxpayer is really cross-subsidizing Planned Parenthood's abortion  mills.   My amendment would end the funding to Planned Parenthood. My  amendment is already included in the House's version. Yet my amendment  is now being blocked by Republicans. Why would Republicans block a vote  on defunding Planned Parenthood? It may surprise some because so many  Republicans go home and say they are against Planned Parenthood, but  this vote could happen right now--right now, today--if Republicans  don't object.   Everybody knows that the Democrats love abortion and Planned  Parenthood more than life itself. But Republicans? Many voters think  Republicans actually care about the unborn. Many voters think  Republicans are really opposed to government-funded abortions. But the  dirty little secret is that Republican leadership is blocking my  amendment to defund Planned Parenthood. That is right. The Republican  leadership has filled the amendment tree to block my ``defund Planned  Parenthood'' amendment. But how can that be? Surely, the Republican  leadership doesn't favor abortion funding, so the answer is a curious  one.   The truth is that the Republican leadership favors bloated government  spending more than it cares about Planned Parenthood. This  appropriations bill before us exceeds the spending caps by nearly $100  billion. Big-spending Republicans fear that blocking funding for  Planned Parenthood would derail their plans to greatly expand the  welfare-warfare state. So be it. The public has long known that the  Democrats are the abortion party. Now the public will know that many  Republicans just give lipservice to pro-life issues and are really more  concerned with bloated government spending than with saving lives.   Of the 320,000 babies that Planned Parenthood will abort this year,  about 6,400 of these babies would be geniuses. They would develop into  geniuses if  [[Page S5892]]  they would be allowed to live. Perhaps one of these potential geniuses  would discover a cure for cancer or Lou Gehrig's disease. Of the  320,000 babies aborted by Planned Parenthood every year, about 1,000  would become doctors, 1,500 would become engineers, 1,200 would become  lawyers, 3,400 would become teachers, and 400 would become pastors. Yet  all of that potential is lost each year as a consequence of Planned  Parenthood.   What I would say to my Republican colleagues is to please explain to  voters at home why they allow Planned Parenthood to continue receiving  taxpayer funds; to explain to those at home why they purposely filled  the amendment tree in order to block an amendment to defund Planned  Parenthood; to please explain to voters at home why passing huge  deficit spending bills is more important than trying to save lives; and  to please explain to America why anyone would trust politicians who  continue to break their promises.   Make no mistake about it--my amendment to block funding for Planned  Parenthood is being blocked by Republicans.   In a moment, one of the Democratic leaders will stand up and ask for  a vote on my amendment as well as on a Democratic amendment. We don't  agree on the policy, but we agree that if you allow an amendment from  each side, that we could have some comity, that we could have some  debate, and that we could live to disagree on another day. This  amendment is not being blocked by the Democrats; this amendment is  being blocked by Republicans who refuse to vote on a Democratic  amendment.   Republican leadership has the power to unblock the amendment tree and  allow the vote. The question is, What is more important to these  Republicans--saving lives or spending money?   I ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment in order  to call up my amendment, No. 3967.   