 Mr. President, the passage of the bipartisan  America's Water Infrastructure Act, more commonly called the 2018 WRDA  bill, is celebrated by a wide spectrum of supporters, including  environmental organizations, national associations representing cities  and counties, and water and coastal business associations.   I would like to commend the chairman, the ranking member, and the  staff of the Environment and Public Works Committee for their hard work  on this bill. I appreciate their consideration of my requests and their  willingness to work with my staff in ensuring Rhode Island's needs are  well represented in the final WRDA bill.   In particular, the American Water Infrastructure Act includes my  provision directing the Army Corps of Engineers to study the resiliency  of harbors of refuge and hurricane barriers in the North Atlantic, like  the Fox Point Hurricane Barrier in Providence, that are under threat  from rising sea levels and stronger storm surge. Though they may be  able to endure current conditions, extra feet of sea level rise coupled  with stronger storm surges will overpower the capabilities of many of  these structures. We need to get ahead of these consequences of climate  change and protect our coastal communities, instead of waiting for  these barriers to fail and imperil coastal homes and businesses.   As oceans overtake our coastal infrastructure, we will also need to  look to new and innovative building materials and techniques that can  endure corrosive saltwater and other harsh environmental conditions.  This WRDA bill also includes my provision requiring the Corps to submit  a report to Congress summarizing its research and investments in  innovative materials, like Rhode Island-created composites, in-water  infrastructure projects, and recommend in which Army Corps projects  those materials could be used.   This year's WRDA bill also instructs the Corps to study the extent to  which it has made use of its authority to clean up waterways littered  with marine debris, like the deteriorating wooden pilings in the  Providence River. It also expedites the completion of important  projects and studies in Rhode Island, like the Providence River  dredging project, Pawcatuck coastal risk management study, and the  Rhode Island historical structure flood hazard vulnerability assessment  that will bolster Rhode Island's coastal economy and prepare it for  future conditions.   Overall, the bill does well to give special consideration to coastal  communities, also requiring the Corps to consider natural  infrastructure solutions to flood and storm damage risk reduction  projects, prioritize coastal erosion mitigation projects in New  England, and assess coastal resiliency needs for the Great Lakes.  Though only 17 percent of total land area, the United States' coastal  counties are home to over half of the U.S. population and were  responsible for 48 percent of the country's GDP in 2017. Investing in  our coasts is an investment in the well-being of the entire country's  economy.   I am also grateful this bill includes a focus on our water  infrastructure. In addition to reauthorizing the Drinking Water State  Revolving Fund and WIFIA programs, it also creates a new water  financing opportunity that will better support water infrastructure  projects in small-and medium-sized communities. I am, proud to be a  cosponsor of the SRF WIN Act which creates this new program and thank  Senators Boozman and Booker for their leadership on this issue.   I look forward to working with my colleagues, the Corps of Engineers,  the Environmental Protection Agency, and Rhode Islanders as we move  towards implementing this important infrastructure bill.   