 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak.    Mr. President, let me congratulate Senator Menendez for  his leadership role in addressing this crisis in Saudi Arabia.   In a few minutes, we are going to begin voting on a historical piece  of legislation, because I think, as conservatives have understood and  as progressives have understood, for too many years, Congress has  abdicated its historical and constitutional responsibility to be the  body that determines whether or not this country is at war. What we  have seen for a long time now under Democratic Presidents and under  Republican Presidents and under Democratic Congresses and Republican  Congresses is an abdication of that responsibility. I hope that today  we begin the process of taking that back.   The war in Yemen is unauthorized. There has never been a vote in  Congress to allow our men and women to participate in that war.  Therefore, that war is unconstitutional, and it has to end. That is the  vote that we will be having this afternoon.   Second of all, I think all Members are aware of the unbelievable  humanitarian crisis that now exists in Yemen. It is the worst  humanitarian crisis on Earth. Unless we use the power of this country  not to help more bombs being dropped to kill people in that country but  to use our power to bring the warring parties together, that situation  will become even worse. The United Nations and others are telling us  that Yemen is on the brink of the worst famine that we have seen in a  very long time and that millions of people may die.   Third, it is time for the U.S. Congress to tell the despotic  Government of Saudi Arabia that we do not intend to follow its lead in  its military adventurism. Its intervention in the civil war in Yemen is  the cause of the humanitarian disaster, as 10,000 people are developing  serious illnesses--cholera and other illnesses--because the water  infrastructure in Yemen has been destroyed by Saudi attacks.   Right now we have the opportunity to go forward in a strong  bipartisan way.   I want to thank all of the Members of the Senate who gave us 60 votes  yesterday in order to proceed and who gave us 96 votes on what I  thought was a sensible germaneness point of order.   Now we have a number of amendments in front of us. Two of them,  authored by Senator Cotton, will essentially undermine everything we  are trying to accomplish. I very much hope that we defeat those  amendments and that we tell the world we want the United States out of  Yemen.   I would end on a positive note. As some may know, right now in  Sweden, there are peace negotiations going on, and, as I understand it,  just yesterday, a major breakthrough took place that allows for an  exchange of some 15,000 prisoners of war. So some progress is being  made in bringing the warring factions together, and there is evidence  that the pressure from the international community and the U.S. Senate,  making it clear that we will not continue to participate in that war,  is helping the peace process.   Let us go forward today and defeat the amendments that are trying to  undermine this important resolution and tell the world that the United  States of America will not continue to be part of the worst  humanitarian disaster on the face of the Earth, that we want peace in  that region, that we want humanitarian aid in that region, and that we  don't want any more bombs or destruction.   Thank you very much.    I yield back my time.    Mr. President, I just want to clarify with Senator  Cornyn so there is no confusion: His amendment deals strictly with  Israel and not regional allies; am I correct on that?    Thank you.    Mr. President, we are actually at a historic moment here  in the U.S. Senate. I want to thank all of the Senators who in a very  bipartisan way have come together to say that the United States will no  longer participate in the Saudi-led intervention in Yemen, which has  caused the worst humanitarian crisis on Earth, with 85,000 children  already starving today.   Today, we tell the despotic regime in Saudi Arabia that we will not  be part of their military adventurism. Today, maybe in the most  profound way, 45 years ago, the War Powers Act was passed--45 years  ago. Today, for the first time, we are going to go forward utilizing  that legislation and tell the President of the United States--and  [[Page S7565]]  any President, Democrat or Republican--that the constitutional  responsibility for making war rests with the U.S. Congress, not the  White House.   Let us pass this resolution.   