 Mr. President, before he leaves the floor, I know the  distinguished Senator from Ohio is going off to champion yet another  cause for workers--the whole question of justice with pensions. I want  to thank him for his eloquent remarks, as well as our colleague from  Pennsylvania, Senator Casey, and my seatmate on the Finance Committee,  Senator Stabenow.   I will be making some remarks, and we may have another colleague or  two come, and then Senator Stabenow on behalf of all of us will be  making a motion with respect to these health programs. For my three  colleagues on the Finance Committee, thank you for your commitment-- months and months of commitment around the proposition. As Senator  Brown just said, this program should have become law a long, long time  ago.   It is heartbreaking to see these CHIP families put through the  political ringer; there is no other way to describe it. They come up to  us--the moms, the families--and they talk about how they are being  told: Well, maybe this program isn't going to be around pretty soon.  And they heard that at the end of the year there was going to be big  slabs of tax relief for those at the top and some multinational  corporations. What did these kids get? They got something called a  patch. In effect, that says it all. They were given second-class  treatment, and the powerful and the well-connected got first-class  treatment. As my colleagues have said, you didn't hear much of a  mention about the Children's Health Insurance Program back then.   Our friend, the distinguished majority leader, Mitch McConnell, was  over here last night--I think my friend from Michigan knows her well,  but the majority leader, talking last night about the Children's Health  Insurance Program, sounded as if he were Marian Wright Edelman, the  founder of the Children's Defense Fund. Last night he was saying that  this was the biggest priority to him. We had to make sure the kids got  a fair shake.   I looked over and I said that I thought I was listening to Senator  Ted Kennedy, who had devoted his whole life to healthcare.   Before we go to my colleague's important unanimous consent request, I  just want to go through a little bit of the history on this. Back in  the fall, on the Finance Committee, we were committed to a multiyear  Children's Health Insurance Program, generously funded, and we wanted  it done in early October. We had virtual unanimity in the Finance  Committee. I think there was only one Senator who had reservation, and  we worked with him as well. So we were ready to go in the fall. Had we  moved then, all of those families wouldn't have had the months and  months of heartache, and the wonderful people who run the Children's  Health Insurance Program, who were trying to figure out if they had to  send out a notice and tell people ``Well, maybe it is not going to be  there,'' and how to tell them and when to tell them--we could have  spared everybody all of that.   People find it hard to follow what goes on here in the U.S. Senate.  Following government is tricky under the best of circumstances, but  this is not a complicated proposition, as my colleague from Michigan  has stated. The Republicans in Washington, DC, with respect to the  Children's Health Insurance Program, run all of the critical branches  of our government that relate to these kids. The Presidency is occupied  by a Republican, the Senate is run by Republicans, the House is run by  Republicans. All of those institutions could have made it possible for  us to take our bipartisan CHIP bill and enact it in October. It could  have all happened then.   People are trying to watch this now and are wondering why the kids  didn't get healthcare, and it didn't have to be this way. I know  because Chairman Hatch, whom we all admire--40 years in the proverbial  ring; he was a boxer--is retiring. Because this storied program was so  important to him, I spent an enormous amount of my time working both  inside and outside the Congress to line up support for this bill, and  one of the reasons we moved first in the Senate is that we knew we  might have some challenges with this  [[Page S377]]  program in the other body. So I spent a lot of my time trying to line  up support for a bill that Chairman Hatch felt particularly strongly  about because of his history on it, and we could have moved then.   Somehow, shortly after the Finance Committee acted in a manner that  is really a textbook for how the Senate ought to work, things went off  the rails, not because of Democrats but because immediately after we  acted, the other body--the House--went forward with a bill that was  ensnarled in partisan fighting to the point that many on our side who  believe deeply in the Children's Health Insurance Program couldn't  support it because it meant, for example, doing great harm to Medicare  and other kinds of programs. That began this kind of odyssey where, for  months, there was always something more important for the leadership of  the three branches of government--the White House, the Senate, and the  House--than these kids. That is the bottom line. For 3 months, there  was always something more important.   My eloquent colleague, Senator Stabenow, came to the floor during  that period day after day after day, saying: Why can't we do this now?  All the stars are aligned.   Again, there was always a reason not to do it. I will tell you,  because we serve on the Finance Committee, it was particularly sad to  see in December how those who had power and clout and were well- connected and had lots of lobbyists--their priority went lickety-split  through the U.S. Senate. A whole tax reform bill--unlike what was done  when Ronald Reagan got together with my friend, Bill Bradley, and they  spent months working in a bipartisan way, the powerful and the well- connected got what they needed in a matter of weeks. They set a land- speed record for moving a tax reform bill. They had to borrow $1.5  trillion, and hundreds of billions of dollars went to the most  influential, the most well-connected, and the kids at the end of the  year got their patch.   That brings us to last night. I have worked with the majority leader  on a host of issues over the years, but I will tell you that having him  come to the floor and talk about how committed he was to the Children's  Health Insurance Program after turning his back on it for months and  months--that is a little much. That is a little much.   Today, months after it ought to have been done, we are going to try  to advance this long-delayed priority. It is a long-delayed priority,  which has had a storied, bipartisan history which, if we had our way,  would have been built upon back in October--a bipartisan bill with the  lead sponsor being our distinguished retiring colleague, Chairman  Hatch, on its way to the President's desk early in October. But for all  of the reasons I have described, it was derailed.   Now the hour is late, and I guess it is convenient for them to say  ``Well, it was really our priority all along,'' but I think the record  shows something else. That is why I look forward to my colleague's  motion to make the Children's Health Insurance Program and the other  programs that we have fought for so hard--particularly the community  health center program, which has been a lifeline to so many families  who walk an economic tightrope balancing the food bill against the fuel  bill and the fuel bill against the rent bill.   I look forward to my colleague from Michigan closing this part of the  debate. I want to thank her and note that the eloquent speakers on this  topic have years and years' worth of expertise. Our colleague, Senator  Carper, got held up. He was going to be here--another good member of  the Finance Committee who was with Bill Clinton when they really were  part of launching this whole effort.   I am very grateful to my Finance Committee colleagues. I look forward  to the motion to be made by the distinguished Senator from Michigan.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, and I will  object here in a moment. I just would like to say that on our side, we  feel so strongly about getting this resolved. We now are seeing a whole  host of discussions between Members on both sides of the aisle in the  Senate. We are hearing about discussions between this body and the  other Chamber.   It would be my hope that with the good faith we have seen since last  night--and I know the distinguished Presiding Officer is involved in  some of these discussions--that with those kinds of good-faith  discussions, we would have a chance to get this resolved and address  the concerns the American people have in a matter of days rather than  several weeks.   So, for that reason, I object.   