 Mr. President, I rise in support of the nomination of  R.D. James to serve as Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works.  The Assistant Secretary establishes policy direction and provides  leadership for the Civil Works programs at the U.S. Army Corps of  Engineers.   In this position, Mr. James will play a central role ensuring the  navigability of America's ports and inland waterways. He will oversee  the Army Corps' flood and storm risk management and responses to  emergencies like the hurricanes we saw in Florida and Texas this past  fall.   Mr. James will also play a central role in modernizing America's  aging water infrastructure. This month, the Committee on Environment  and Public Works, which I chair, has held two hearings on the needs and  challenges facing America's water infrastructure. These hearings are  important steps as the committee works toward a new Water Resources  Development Act, which will be reauthorized this year.   It is critical to have Mr. James confirmed so he can partner with us  in this important process. I look forward to working with Mr. James on  projects and issues that are important to my home State of Wyoming. He  has already committed to me that he will work to find a permanent  solution to preventing ice-jam floods, like those that caused the Big  Horn River to flood the city of Worland, WY.   There is no reason this confirmation should be delayed any further.  His nomination was unanimously approved by voice vote in both the  Senate Armed Services Committee and the Environment and Public Works  Committee. Mr. James is well qualified for this position.   He has served as a civil engineer member of the Mississippi River  Commission since 1981. That is 37 years. He was appointed to that  position by both Democratic and Republican Presidents. Mr. James is  also an accomplished farmer and businessman. He is experienced,  qualified, and ready to start.   It is time for the Senate to confirm his nomination.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cotton). The Senator from Missouri.   