 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to S. 204,  the so-called ``Right to Try'' bill that offers false hope for patients  and families while circumventing FDA's role in overseeing drugs.   Two months ago, our chamber debated the House Republican version of  this legislation, H.R. 5247. I spoke out in opposition to that bill due  to my serious concerns over the lack of oversight and protections for  terminally ill patients and their families, particularly by excluding  the U.S. Food and Drug Administration from any role in ensuring the  safety and efficacy of experimental therapies.   Instead of addressing our concerns, the Majority has double-downed on  this unnecessary legislation with an even broader proposal that would  expose a great number of patients to unproven medical treatments and  unwanted side effects.   S. 204 eliminates critical patient protections, such as a review by a  third party of clinical protocols and informed consent, and eliminates  the requirement that treating physicians and manufacturers report  adverse events to the FDA in real time.   Under this legislation, insurers and pharmaceutical companies are not  required to cover the cost, or reduce the cost, of these often- expensive treatments--meaning the full cost of these experimental drugs  would fall on patients and their families.   All the while, we already have a proven Right-to-Try system already  in place through the FDA. This program, popularly known as  Compassionate Use, has been helping seriously ill Americans have access  to experimental therapies still under clinical trials for 31 years.   FDA approves nearly all requests for investigational drugs. For the  past five years, FDA's approval rate for expanded access requests is  over 99 percent. In fact, FDA physicians are available 24 hours a day  to approve emergency requests.   My daughter, an infectious disease expert at the University of  Nebraska, used FDA's Compassionate Use pathway to provide an  experimental therapy for an American missionary who had contracted  ebola while in Africa in 2014. FDA approved the request for the  experimental treatment over the telephone in less than 24 hours.   The new pathway created in S. 204 is not necessary and, in fact, may  well endanger the health and safety of seriously ill patients by  bypassing FDA's oversight and expertise.   This is an unnecessary and dangerous bill that offers false hope to  seriously ill patients and families. I ask my colleague to oppose this  legislation and work with me to advance proven measures that will help  Americans facing life-threatening diseases.   