 Mr. President, I am pleased to introduce the fiscal year  2019 appropriations bill for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and  Drug Administration, and Related Agencies. I am glad we are considering  appropriations bills on the floor in a manner that allows us to fully  debate amendments.   I am pleased also to join my colleagues from the Subcommittees on  Interior; Transportation, Housing and Urban Development; and also  Financial Services in putting together this legislation.   For now, I am going to limit my comments to the ag provisions. I will  defer to my colleagues on their provisions, but I look forward to our  partnership in moving these bills across the floor.   The activities funded by the Agriculture bill touch the lives of  every American every day. I like to talk about how important good farm  policy is because good farm policy benefits every single American every  single day with the highest quality, lowest cost food supply.   As we move this Agriculture appropriations bill, that is what it is  about. It is about our farmers and ranchers, no doubt about that, but  it is something that benefits every single American every single day.   These activities include ag research, conservation activities,  housing and business loan programs for rural communities, domestic and  international nutrition programs, and food safety and drug safety.   Funding for each of these deserves thorough and thoughtful  consideration. The subcommittee has made difficult decisions in  drafting this bill. We had to choose and we had to prioritize in terms  of putting this legislation together, but I think we brought forward a  bill that works. It is one that got broad-based bipartisan support from  the Appropriations Committee.   It is written to our allocation of just over $23 billion. That is  about $200 million above the current enacted level. We worked hard to  invest taxpayer dollars responsibly, funding programs that provide  direct benefits to our farmers, our ranchers, and rural communities,  supporting programs that provide direct health and safety benefits,  again, to every single American every single day.   Ag supports more than 16 million jobs nationwide. It forms the  backbone of our rural communities. Our agricultural producers are the  best in the world at what they do, and we have to work hard to give  them a level playing field because they produce food, fuel, and fiber  for this country but also for countries around the world. We really do  feed the world, so we need access to those markets to do so.   This is, of course, in part, the result of smart investment in  America's ag research infrastructure, something that truly helps our  farmers and ranchers, our producers do what they do every day. Ag  research helps us do it better, more cost-effectively, with higher  quality, and more productivity.   That is why I am pleased this bill puts significant emphasis on  maintaining research programs at our land-grant schools, colleges and  universities, across this Nation and funding for competitive research  programs such as the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative.   These programs are critical to helping our farmers increase  production, and they expand our Nation's economic growth. As I say,  they feed not only this country but really the world. Not only does  every dollar spent on ag research result in a $20 return on invest to  the U.S. economy, research investment also results in a food supply  that is safe, abundant, and affordable.   I am also glad the agriculture bill prioritizes funding for rural  infrastructure. Included is $425 million for rural broadband grants and  loans, putting our 2-year investment in rural broadband at over $1  billion. Through fiscal year 2018-fiscal year 2019, we will put over a  billion dollars into rural broadband, making sure all Americans,  wherever they may live--whether they are in an urban area or out in the  most rural part of our country--have the opportunity to access the  world wide web and be part of the innovation and technology that goes  with it. With this funding, we will make tremendous strides in bridging  the digital divide in urban and rural communities.   Broadband availability remains a challenge for States like mine, a  rural State, and other rural States. Farmers need access to new  precision technologies to help their operations run more efficiently.  It is also essential for rural communities to have sufficient broadband  if they hope to attract new businesses and grow their local economies.  I am proud to say that we put funding in this bill to help to do just  that.   I thank Senator Merkley, our ranking member, for the bipartisan  working relationship that we have on the Agriculture Subcommittee. I  also want to applaud and express my appreciation to Chairman Shelby for  working to return our Appropriations Committee to regular order. I  think this ag bill that we are presenting today reflects a well- balanced compromise, and it illustrates that the Senate can work  together on important issues like this one.   I certainly hope that my colleagues will join me in supporting this  legislation. With that, I turn to our ranking member, Senator Merkley.   I yield the floor.   