 Mr. President, several of my Republican colleagues have  mentioned that some of us came out in opposition to Judge Kavanaugh  almost immediately after he was nominated by the President. Count me  in. I was one of those people. I say that without any apologies  whatsoever because I was familiar with the record of Brett Kavanaugh on  the court where he sits. I was familiar with his record as a member of  the Bush administration.   I didn't have all of the information, but I surely had enough to  understand that if confirmed and seated, he would absolutely be a  member of the hard-right majority, which has done so much harm to the  people of this country over the last many years. Right off, within 24  hours, I was opposed, and that was exactly the right decision. That is  why tomorrow I will vote against the seating of Judge Kavanaugh.   Many people in this country do not fully appreciate the role the  Supreme Court plays in our lives. They know what the President does.  Maybe they know what Congress does. They don't know what the Supreme  Court does.   I would suggest that in North Dakota and Vermont and all over this  country, you have people who are saying: What kind of corrupt campaign  finance system do we have? It is not just progressives who say that.  Conservatives say that. Republicans say that. Democrats say that. Who  believes in the United States of America that a handful of  billionaires--some Democrats, mostly Republicans--can spend hundreds  and hundreds of millions of dollars to elect candidates who represent  their interests? Who thinks that is right? Not many people do.   People do not understand that we are in that position today because  of a 5-to-4 Supreme Court decision regarding Citizens United--a  decision that is now undermining American democracy. There are those  who think Citizens United did not go far enough, that billionaires  should be able to give money directly to Senators and Congressmen, make  them directly their employees. I have zero doubt that Judge Kavanaugh  will continue that majority approach to allowing billionaires to  control our political system.   In 1965, an enormously important act was signed by Lyndon Johnson,  called the Voting Rights Act. It said that all of our people,  regardless of the color of their skin, should have the right to vote.  It is not a very radical idea. Yet a few years ago, the majority of the  Court gutted that decision and said that it wasn't necessary anymore.  States would do the right thing; time has come and gone. Days, hours  after that decision was made--a 5-to-4 decision--attorneys general all  over this country and Governors were working overtime to figure out how  they could suppress the vote, how they could make it easier on  themselves to deny people of color, poor people, and young people, the  right to vote. That was a Supreme Court decision.   If you are upset and you are wondering about how in America we have  States trying to make it harder for people to vote when our voter  turnout  [[Page S6609]]  numbers are pretty low compared to the rest of the world, that was a  Supreme Court decision. I have zero doubt again, when it comes to  protecting our democracy and the rights of people to vote, that Judge  Kavanaugh will be on the wrong side of that issue.    Today in America we are the only major country on Earth not to  guarantee healthcare to all people. The Affordable Care Act was an  important step forward. By a 5-to-4 decision, the Supreme Court ruled  that expanding Medicaid in a State was optional, and we had many--I  think 17--States that said: No, we are not going to expand Medicaid.  Millions of low-income people, children were denied the healthcare this  Congress voted to give them. I have zero doubt that Mr. Kavanaugh will  continue that effort to make it impossible for us to guarantee  healthcare to all of our people.   The Janus decision attacking unions was a 5-to-4 decision; the Muslim  travel ban, a 5-to-4 decision. I didn't need to hear about the issue of  sexual assault in the beginning before it arose. I knew this nominee  would be highly partisan, and that was only confirmed more strongly  just a couple of weeks ago when he went before the Judiciary Committee  again. That is issue No. 1.   If any of you out there are now dealing with cancer, diabetes, heart  disease, or other life-threatening illnesses, understand that  Republicans in a number of States in this country are trying to get the  U.S. Supreme Court to rule that major parts of the Affordable Care Act  are unconstitutional, including the protection for people who have  preexisting conditions. If you are struggling with diabetes, cancer,  heart disease, serious illness, worry, and worry a lot, about what Mr.  Kavanaugh will do with the other four members of the hard right in  taking away your ability to get the healthcare you desperately need at  an affordable cost.   If you are a woman or, in fact, a man or, in fact, 70 percent of the  American people who believe a woman has the right to control her own  body and you don't want to see Roe v. Wade overturned--and that is the  last poll I saw, 70 percent of the American people holding that  opinion--worry, and worry a lot, because I fear very much if a case-- and we think a case may come before the Supreme Court on Roe v. Wade-- worry about what Kavanaugh will do with the other four rightwing  members of the Court. That is issue No. 1.   If Brett Kavanaugh were a choir boy, if he were one of the most  wonderful human beings ever to walk the face of this Earth, based on  his policies, based on his decisions, I would vote against him. It  turns out that maybe he has not been a choir boy.   I could only concur with my colleague from New Jersey, Senator  Booker, in expressing what we are hearing in our own office. I come  from a small State. Yet as a result of Dr. Ford's testimony, we have  received comments from 11 Vermonters who relayed, to some degree, their  stories about sexual assault. We received a letter from a woman who was  70 years old, who told us about a horrific experience that happened to  her when she was 14 years of age. While almost all of the comments that  came in were from women, there were some from men who were abused as  boys.   Some 20 to 25 percent of women in this country have been sexually  abused. Wow, that is a crisis. That is an epidemic. Clearly, our goal  must be to do everything we can to make it easier for women to come  forward with these terribly painful and life-lasting experiences, make  it easier for them to speak their truth.   It is hard to talk about President Trump and continue to use the word  ``unbelievable'' because things he does literally are unbelievable  every other day, but I think maybe he might have hit a new low, even  for Trump. Dr. Ford brought forth her testimony. I think the vast  majority of the American people believed her. The President of the  United States--the man who should be telling women we want to hear your  truth, we want to hear your pain--this President, in the most vulgar  way imaginable, actually mocked Dr. Ford. What kind of message does  that send to women all across this country who are suffering? It sends  the message that they will not be believed. They will be dismissed, and  the most powerful person in this country will mock them. Even for a  disgraceful President like Trump, this is, in fact, a new low.   It is not even the policies I am quite convinced that Kavanaugh will  pursue. It is not only the very serious and credible allegations  regarding sexual assault that were in no way fully investigated by the  FBI. I read the report, and it was a very limited report. It certainly  did not do justice to Dr. Ford. The FBI agents did not even interview  Dr. Ford or Judge Kavanaugh. I don't know how you have an investigation  in which you don't interview the two major figures in that charge, that  allegation.   It is not only the lingering question that came from two--at least  two--credible women, but it is also the very important question of  Judge Kavanaugh's veracity, his honesty. I think I heard more than one  Republican Member of this body say: Well, you know, if he is lying, he  should not be seated on the U.S. Supreme Court.   Yet there is, in fact, very strong evidence that the testimonies  Judge Kavanaugh gave recently and in years past, when he was first  appointed to a judgeship, were not honest. Let me give you a few  examples. In his previous testimony before the Judiciary Committee,  Judge Kavanaugh was asked more than 100 times if he knew about files  stolen by Republican staffers from Judiciary Committee Democrats.  Republican staffers stole files, and that was pretty clear. The  question that was asked of Judge Kavanaugh was, in fact, had he seen  those files; was he familiar with those files? The answer he gave was  no, he was not familiar with those files.   It turned out the emails released as part of these hearings show  these files were regularly shared with Kavanaugh while he was on the  White House staff. One of the emails, in fact, had the subject line  ``spying.''   In 2006, Judge Kavanaugh told Congress he didn't know anything about  the NSA warrantless wiretapping program prior to its being reported by  the New York Times this year. An email revealed that while at the White  House, he might have been involved in some conversations about that  program. It sounds as though he was not telling the truth.   In 2004, Judge Kavanaugh testified that the nomination of William  Pryor to the Eleventh Circuit Court was not one that ``I worked on  personally.'' It turns out that may not have been true as well.   In 2006, Judge Kavanaugh testified: ``I was not involved and am not  involved in the questions about the rules governing detention of  combatants.'' New evidence released that is part of these confirmation  hearings suggests that statement may not have been true.   Judge Kavanaugh repeatedly said that he did not have a serious  drinking problem, that he had never blacked out, never acted in a  belligerent way. There are a number of his classmates who suggest  otherwise. In fact, there is a piece in the Washington Post today,  signed by three of his classmates, I believe, at Yale who suggested the  very opposite. Are they lying? Are these people coming forward into the  public eye to be abused? Are they lying or, in fact, is Judge Kavanaugh  not tell the truth?   Judge Kavanaugh testified he treated women ``as friends and equals''  and ``with ``dignity and respect.'' Numerous entries in his school  yearbook would seem to contradict this.   The issue is not just what he did; the issue is that he is not  telling the truth about what he did. Judge Kavanaugh was not the only  person in America to drink a lot in high school and in college, not the  only one. If he had come forward and said ``Yeah, you know, I did have  a drinking problem; I have overcome it, but I did,'' that would have  been perhaps telling the truth, but that is not what he said.   On it goes. It is likely, as I understand it, that those of us who  are opposed to Judge Kavanaugh will, in fact, be on the losing side of  that vote tomorrow. I am very sorry about that.   History has a funny way of responding to what goes on. I think this  nomination, to a much greater degree than I think anyone would have  expected, has aroused the American people from coast to coast. It has  aroused them in terms of the issue of sexual assault and whether we  deal with that issue honestly. It has aroused the American people in  terms of the issue of veracity  [[Page S6610]]  and whether or not we are going to have a member on the Supreme Court  who, in fact, is honest. It has aroused the American people in  understanding that the function of the U.S. Supreme Court is to render  justice with impartiality, with justice for all--not to simply  represent the wealthy and the powerful and billionaire campaign  contributors.    So I think this whole process has been an enormous learning  experience for the American people. While we may lose tomorrow, I think  the end result of what has taken place here--the disgrace of what has  taken place here--will reverberate in a very positive way for the  American people.   I yield the floor.   