 Madam Speaker, I supported the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act  because, as a former small-business owner, I know the immense  challenges a complex Tax Code can present to business owners, workers,  and families alike.   When H.R. 1 was signed into law, it opened the door to a new era of  prosperity for Colorado and for our country, and the evidence is all  around us:   We have already seen over 1 million jobs created;   Hundreds of companies have contributed $4 billion in bonuses,  impacting over 4 million workers;   The unemployment rate is at the lowest level that we have seen in a  half a century; and   Small business optimism has hit an all-time high.   In Alamosa, Colorado, a small town in my district, tax reform has  helped First Southwest Bank stay in town and provide financial services  products to its community, a key driver of economic growth and success  in smaller towns around the country.    As CEO Kent Curtis said after the passage of tax reform: ``We're  excited to take advantage of the tax reform and give the positive  impact it has on First Southwest Bank right back to our team members  and the rural Colorado community. By being able to provide a higher  living wages to our starting employees and invest in our team, we can  be a catalyst for economic growth and reaffirm our commitment to a  better quality of life in all of the rural Colorado communities our  branches serve.''   First Southwest Bank has raised its starting wage to $14 an hour plus  full benefits, a major success for a small community in southwest  Colorado.   It is exactly businesses like this that are committed to their  communities and to their neighbors that this historic tax reform  package was intended to help.   Increased wages, along with changes to the tax bracket and standard  deduction, mean Coloradans across the Third District have higher  earning potential and can keep more of their hard-earned money, which  spells economic growth. These improvements can help families take a  vacation to one of our beloved national parks, put a down payment on a  new car or a home, or be able to pay medical expenses.   Madam Speaker, the effects of this monumental tax reform effort are  felt right here at home, and I am proud of the Coloradans who are  working so hard to be able to improve their lives because of the  opportunity this legislation has presented.   If I may, I would like to give you one personal story. I was in my  hometown, and I had the opportunity to be able to go to a local  restaurant. The young lady who was a server has two children. She went  out of her way to come up and tell me that the extra $50 to $60 per  week that she is getting in her paycheck is making a real difference in  her family's life.   I told her there is better news actually coming, because when she  gets ready to file those taxes this coming April 15, she is going to  find that her personal exemption has doubled and that for her children,  that child tax credit that she has counted on has doubled as well,  putting more resources back into the pockets of the people who earn  that money.   As my colleague from Arizona (Mr. Schweikert) pointed out, when we  put those resources back to work, back to work in that American  economy, we find that it yields what many of our colleagues on the left  would like to see more of: tax revenues coming into the government to  be able to provide some of the essential services that we all know that  we need.   But we need to be the country that is creating that fertile soil to  be able to grow businesses, to be able to create opportunity for the  future, and to be able to deliver on that promise for the American  Dream for all of our children. This is a program and a policy that  works on behalf of the American people.   