 Mr. President, listening to my friend from New York--and  he is my friend--we have worked together on a number of projects, even  though we have diametrically opposed views on many policy  prescriptions. To listen to him talk, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was a  bad thing because it took money from the Federal Government and let the  people who have earned it keep it and spend it the way they see fit.   I know they made a bad bet. They bet that it would fail. They bet  that we would not get the votes to pass the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, but  we did, and the American people and American families are the  beneficiaries of that.   I have come to this floor time and again, telling those stories, most  recently about a plumbing company in Cleburne, TX, that has seen the  benefits in terms of bonuses and increased pay, more take-home pay,  along with the lowest claims for jobless benefits since 1969--the  lowest claims for jobless benefits since 1969. But when we come to the  floor, our Democratic colleagues, who bet against the American economy  and this resurgence, the reawakening of this great economic engine  known as the American economy--they bet against it. They are still  sticking with the same old story, regardless of the facts.   I know the American people know better. They have noticed in their  paychecks starting in February--because the tax tables were rewritten  by the IRS--that they actually have more take-home pay. I have family  members who are ecstatic about that. One of my daughters called and  just couldn't be more excited, and I know that is happening to families  all across the country.   I guess it is just one reason we have two political parties-- Democrats and Republicans--because while we may agree in some sense on  the outcome, we certainly don't agree on the means to achieve that  outcome. They are the party of Big Government, higher taxes, and more  spending. We are the party of smaller government, effective government,  one that provides essential services to the American people, like  defending our Nation and maintaining peace around the world, but we  believe in the individual. We believe the people who earn the money  ought to be able to keep more of it and spend it as they see fit, and  they believe that government ought to keep more of that and spend it as  Washington sees fit. That is  [[Page S1408]]  the reason we have two political parties, and people have to make their  choices, and they do each election.   Yesterday, though, Mr. President, we voted to proceed to a very  important bipartisan bill that would provide relief for small and  midsized banks and credit unions across the country. This was an  important step in what has been a long time coming.   You might ask: Why do we care about providing regulatory relief for  banks and credit unions, especially the smaller ones that are in our  communities? Well, that is where people go when they want to buy a  house and they need a mortgage, when they need some startup money for a  new business, where they need to go borrow money, for example, to buy  seed and equipment to plant a crop. If you are in the agriculture  sector, that is where they get access to credit, and that is why it is  so important.   Unfortunately, since the Dodd-Frank law passed in 2010, we have seen  a lot of that access to credit, particularly among small and medium- sized banks and credit unions, dry up because what they had to do was  hire more people, but not for the purpose of making more loans. They  hired more people because they needed to comply with the redtape and  regulatory burden imposed by Washington.   We are peeling that back; we are reversing that--not for the big  banks. The regulations stay in place, but for community banks and small  credit unions, we are peeling that back so that it is a more rational  and reasonable regulatory regime.   Ever since the law known as Dodd-Frank was passed in 2010, community  and regional banks have been trying to get their voices heard. They  have been clamoring to get lawmakers to understand that their  businesses are much different from the titans of Wall Street that Dodd- Frank went after, following the financial crisis. Usually, when I am  talking to the community bankers and the credit unions from my State, I  say: You didn't cause the great recession of 2008. You didn't cause the  great financial crisis, but you are the collateral damage. And they nod  their heads sadly.   These banks want us to know they are from Main Street, not from Wall  Street, and they want the rules to reflect that fact. After yesterday's  vote, we finally started on a pathway not only to listening to their  concerns but also to acting on them.   Dodd-Frank, the regulatory legislation that was passed in 2010, was  almost 250 pages long. It required more than 10 Federal agencies to  write more than 400 new rules, imposing some 27,000 mandates on  financial institutions of every size, from large to small. In doing so,  Dodd-Frank's rules imposed billions of dollars in new costs. Much of  the weight fell on the backs of banks and credit unions that posed  little systemic risk to the overall economy, and they have had a much  harder time than Wall Street firms complying with excessive and complex  reporting requirements.    Here is the irony. It is actually the big banks and big financial  institutions that have the heft and the money to be able to comply with  all of this new spider's web of regulations. It is the smaller  community banks and credit unions that can't afford it, so they have  been going out of business or being gobbled up in mergers by the big  banks. This isn't what Congress intended in 2010. That wasn't the  focus, but that is the consequence.   As the Senate majority leader said yesterday, based on one survey,  compliance costs--those are the costs of dealing with the redtape in  the financial sector--have gone up by 24 percent. What has happened as  compliance costs have increased? Well, banks have closed in small towns  in rural America, for one, which has led to a growing number of places  with no bank branches at all.   In Texas, for example, we lost about 165 bank charters, a 26-percent  reduction. In smaller rural areas that lacked multiple options to  access credit, this is a serious problem. It is one of the many issues  this bill we are voting on this week attempts to solve.   As the Wall Street Journal noted, the bill mainly ``eases  administrative burdens'' on community banks. These banks incredibly  ``make up about 98 percent of financial institutions, but [hold] only  15 percent of [U.S. banks' total] assets.''   Our colleague, the senior Senator from Idaho, the chairman of the  Banking Committee, has spearheaded this effort, which is called the  Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. I  heard him say yesterday that it does all three of those things. It  helps stimulate economic growth; it provides regulatory relief; and it  protects consumers. We all appreciate the tremendous amount of hard  work he has poured into the difficult and elaborate negotiations. His  leadership has been indispensable.   As Senator Crapo has pointed out, the reforms in the bill will  rightsize existing regulations on community and regional banks and  credit unions while ensuring consumer safety at the same time. Anyone  who lives and works in the real world knows that a one-size-fits-all  approach just about never works, and banking and the financial sectors  are no exception.   Dodd-Frank never worked as intended, but it was especially disastrous  for smaller financial institutions that shouldn't be subject to many of  its provisions, which weren't meant for them in the first place. The  bill, therefore, will relieve the burden on small and midsized  businesses that are being treated unfairly. Again, it is not so much  the banks and the credit unions that we are worried about; it is the  people they lend money to, who need access to credit to live their  lives, to build their business. That is who we are mainly concerned  about.   Surprisingly and gratefully, this bill is supported by Democrats who  passed Dodd-Frank in the first place. This bill is supported by  Democrats and Republicans, as well as the Trump administration and top  Federal Reserve officials. This is actually a little bit of a bright  light in an otherwise, sometimes, dark atmosphere here in Washington,  DC, when it comes to dealing with some of these problems. This actually  will help solve some real-world problems, and it is supported by  Republicans and Democrats.   One specific objective is to raise the threshold at which banks face  the stricter Dodd-Frank oversight, but it will also--and I want to  emphasize this--keep in place requirements for much larger financial  institutions, like rigorous stress testing, for example.   As I said, negotiations have been going on for this legislation for  years; I think it is 4 years to be exact. But because of the resistance  of the former administration, the Obama administration, as well as the  former Senate majority leader, Senator Reid, we couldn't get these  reforms passed before this week--and next week, if necessary. This is a  new day, a new administration, a new leadership, and we are making  progress.   In the meantime, though, American families and businesses lost out.  Some farmers and ranchers, looking to actually buy what they needed to  bring in the crops so that they could earn a living, couldn't get the  loans they needed. Young people couldn't find a mortgage at a price  they could afford and purchase their starter home.   In Texas, bankers confirmed that these reported difficulties are  real. They recently signed a letter that urged the Senate to seize this  opportunity and to pass this bill as quickly as possible. As the  Independent Bankers Association of Texas has pointed out, community  banks neither participated in nor profited from the excesses and bad  behavior that precipitated the financial crisis, yet they are paying a  disproportionately high price in attempting to deal with the aftermath.  That just about sums it up.   Another group from my State, the Texas Bankers Association, has said  that they are pleased to see this bill has finally been brought to the  floor for a vote. That group represents about 450 banking institutions  in my State. Sometimes we see the credit unions and the banks as  rivals. They often see themselves as rivals for the same line of  business. But the banks and credit unions agree. The credit unions in  my State say that passing this bill would allow them to more fully  serve their members' needs, whether that be providing mortgages or  small business loans, instead of spending so many hours and so much  money trying to deal with the redtape--and to what purpose? It doesn't  help grow the economy. It doesn't help access to credit.   It is really regulatory overkill that we are trying to deal with  here. As the  [[Page S1409]]  majority leader said yesterday, there are a ``wide diversity of views  on Dodd-Frank. But there is widespread agreement that we should not  continue allowing'' unintended consequences to wreak havoc on community  banks and small credit unions.   I hope all of our colleagues will join me in supporting the Economic  Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. It is good for  American families. It is good for communities across our country that  are underserved and for people who lack access to credit. It just makes  sense.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   