 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  acknowledged to speak for 10 minutes.    Mr. President, I don't think that is necessary because I  think I was scheduled to do that anyway.   What we are going to be addressing here in just a few minutes is a  very significant piece of legislation. We do a  [[Page S6743]]  lot of things around here that some people think are important, but  this is something that really is important. It is something that has a  long history behind it.   America's water infrastructure bill, known as the WRDA bill, was  started about 20 years ago, and we made a commitment at that time that  we would actually have a WRDA bill every 2 years. We didn't do that up  until 2014. In 2014, we had gone since 2007 since we had had one, and  this needs to be done to keep our water infrastructure going and the  things that we are supposed to be doing. So we did it in 2014 and 2016,  and now we will do the 2018 bill. That is what we are supposed to be  doing.   It is a great way to keep up the productive momentum that we have  seen in Congress leading up to the midterm election and delivering on  President Trump's promises.   The WRDA bill is another great example of what can happen when we  work with our friends across the aisle on issues that affect every  State of our Nation.   I was privileged to chair the Environment and Public Works Committee  during that timeframe, when we went back to every other year, and it is  something that has worked very well. People can depend on the resources  being there when the time comes. So I think right now it is a bill that  is sponsored by ourselves, along with the ranking members and the  Senators of that committee, the EPW Committee, and the Transportation  Subcommittee.   I want to take a moment to thank the members I just mentioned and  their staffs. The staffs are the ones who do the heavy lifting because  without our willingness to work together on this legislation, we  wouldn't be able to discuss it here on the floor today, and I  appreciate that dedication. It is going to happen today.   There are a lot of provisions in the bill that advance our Nation's  infrastructure priorities. In addition, the State of Oklahoma would  benefit in many ways as well.   One of the big secrets around the world and around America is that  Oklahoma is actually navigable. We have a navigation way that goes from  the Mississippi River all the way up to my hometown of Tulsa, with the  Port of Catoosa.   I can remember many years ago, when I was in the State legislature,  and some people came to me who were World War II veterans--one of the  groups that was doing a very good job--and they said: We would like to  be able to show and to demonstrate that we are navigable in Oklahoma.  If you will get us a submarine, we will take it all the way up to  Oklahoma.   So I went down to Orange, TX, and found the USS Batfish. This is a  World War II submarine. They were able to do it without any help at  all--without any help from government. They had to get on there, and  they had to reduce it to get under bridges and lift it up in shallow  places. All of my adversaries were saying: We will sink Inhofe and his  submarine. But we did it, and it is there today.   So we do have the McClellan-Kerr Arkansas River Navigation System. We  have some items in there under this to protect that resource from what  they call the Three Rivers report, which provides a permanent solution  for the situation we are experiencing near the mouth of the system,  where the White River and the Arkansas River are trying to merge. If  left alone, they would merge. That would destroy everything that goes  up from that area in Arkansas. It includes language for Bartlesville to  navigate the murky waters of water supply contracts and to change those  contracts with everyone to get away from the idea that the Army Corps  of Engineers is going to be able to do something that would be  prohibitive cost-wise to the communities like Bartlesville, OK.   We support our Nation's economic competitiveness by increasing access  to water storage and supply, providing protection from dangerous flood  waters, deepening the nationally significant ports, and maintaining  navigability in the inland waterways.   Since hurricane season is upon us, we have recently seen the cruel  aftermath of these storms and the flooding that followed Hurricane  Harvey, Irma, Florence, and now Michael. Right now they are preparing  down there to evacuate as we speak. It could become a mandatory  evacuation. This is something that is happening. Events like this show  why it is utterly critical to maintain flood control and be able to  protect against the floodwaters as much as possible.    That is what this bill we will be considering in a few minutes is all  about. It will also further address the need for repairing our aging  drinking water, wastewater and irrigation systems, improving conditions  all across the United States in homes, farms, and businesses.   We have reauthorized WIFIA and authorized a new tool by including  Senator Boozman's SRF WIN Act, of which I am a very proud cosponsor.  These provisions, along with technical assistance for our small and  rural systems, will provide more help to our communities struggling to  finance and upgrade our hidden infrastructure needs.   Maintaining critical infrastructure is one of the most important  constitutionally required duties we have as Members of Congress. I  sometimes have to remind people who often disregard a document called  the Constitution that this is what we are supposed to be doing and what  we are carrying out with the bill we are about to pass in the next few  minutes.   I look forward to passing this legislation and sending it to the  President to sign into law. It is another win for America.   I have to say, the committee has done so well. People are criticizing  the Senate all the time, saying nothing is being done. Our Environment  and Public Works Committee gets things done--the FAST Act, the chemical  act, the last WRDA bill, and now the 2018 WRDA bill. It is what we are  supposed to be doing here, and it is a very significant vote.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I  report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in  the Records on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save  the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these  nominations lie at the Secretary's desk for the information of  Senators.   