 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding and for his  great work as the chairman of the Financial Services Committee and on  flood insurance reform.   There are a lot of things we could talk about today in regard to  flood insurance:   We could talk about the fact that repetitive loss properties make up  2 percent of all the policies but account for 25 percent of all of the  claims.   We could talk about the fact that the NFIP is $30 billion in debt,  and that is after last year when we forgave $16 billion in debt. Again,  we forgave $16 billion. We are still $25 billion in debt and actually  racked up $10 billion of new debt in this program over the last year.   I have got to tell you I am frustrated. We passed a bipartisan bill  in this Chamber. We actively and aggressively negotiated it. This is a  big issue for families back home, for constituents of our Members. We  have listened to them. We heard them. We modified, we tweaked a bill,  and we passed it--and the Senate won't take it up.   Mr. Hensarling and I have worked across the aisle with Members not  just in the Democratic Party, but also in the Senate. I have come to  the opinion that there are very powerful players in this Chamber and in  the Chamber next door that don't want anything done with flood  insurance.   It is a sick and broken program that goes deeper and deeper in debt,  that incentivizes people to build in dangerous places. And they say:  No, no, no. We don't want any reform. Let's march on with a program  that doesn't work.   I listened to all the conservatives in this Chamber. They throw out:  Who is more conservative? Who is less?   You have some really great conservatives who absolutely refuse to  deal with a program that is burning billions of dollars in our Federal  budget.   My question is: Why don't we start looking out not just for the  Federal budget, but also have a program that will work for our people?   We were willing to make one offer of reform for a long-term  extension. We said: Let's let the private market work. Let's let the  private sector come in and take up some of the policies that are paying  more than what the market would bear, let people get a lower rate and  reduce the risk to the Federal taxpayer.   And guess what. No one said yes. We couldn't get a ``yes'' from the  opposition to flood insurance reform.   I guess I thought conservatives wanted a free market. They like  markets to work. In flood insurance, the NFIP, the Federal program, is  the only program in town. We are saying: Let it open. Let the private  sector come in.   That is the one thing it would have taken for a long-term extension,  and the answer to that from the conservatives and some of the liberals  was no.   I think that is a sad shame. I think we owe better to our  constituents, and we owe better to the Federal debt and deficit on a  program that doesn't work.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chairman's leadership.   