 Mr. President, the Legislative Branch bill, as advanced  from the Committee on Appropriations, provides $4.79 billion for  Congress and its support agencies. That is $90 million above the fiscal  year 2018 enacted level of $4.7 billion.   This bill provides just over $1 billion for Senate-only items, which  is an increase of $5 million from last year; $1.4 billion is included  for House only items, and $2.3 billion is provided for joint Senate and  House items, which in total meets the $4.79 billion legislative branch  allocation for fiscal year 2019.   We have made thoughtful decisions about how to prioritize investments  for this fiscal year. Resources are allocated in a responsible way to  maintain existing services and allow for critical investments in  numerous needed areas.  [[Page S4023]]  For example, this bill will strengthen security on the Capitol campus  and ensure that the men and women who protect our visitors, our staff,  and Members have the support and resources they need to do their jobs.  And $453 million is included for the Capitol Police, which is a $26.5  million increase from last year.   In fact, just 1 year ago last Thursday, we witnessed tragedy strike  on a baseball field in Alexandria, where the lives of our colleagues  and their family and friends were put in imminent danger. Last week's  Congressional Baseball Game was a reminder of the bravery demonstrated  by my friend, Representative Steve Scalise, our Capitol Police  officers, and all those tragically affected that day. The unfortunate  reality remains that the Capitol Complex and its occupants face an  evolving and growing threat environment, and this bill will help  address these needs.   This bill also addresses cyber security threats by providing funding  for the Sergeant at Arms Senate network cyber security initiatives.  Further, this bill demands a rigorous review before any  telecommunications equipment from companies linked to Russia, China,  Iran, or North Korea can be acquired by legislative branch agencies.   This bill also promotes transparency for the American people by  including a provision called e-file, which streamlines the process for  Senate campaign filings, requiring Senate candidates to follow the same  standard of transparency required by all other Federal candidates. This  provision enhances government transparency, reduces unnecessary  bureaucratic redtape, and would save hundreds of thousands of taxpayer  dollars by having candidates--Senate candidates--file directly with the  Federal Election Commission, instead of the current paper-based  practice.   This bill provides $933 million for the Senate, which is $13 million  above last year. I want to specifically note that $5 million is  designated for the sole purpose of voluntary compensation of Senate  interns by Senate offices. This additional funding will help ensure  that the broadest possible pool of intern candidates have the  opportunity to serve. Washington, DC, is a very expensive place, and it  is good to see this provision in the bill.   There is also $1 million provided to support ongoing Congressional  Accountability Act reform efforts to increase compliance and support  training of legislative branch offices and agencies on harassment and  discrimination in the workplace.   These are just a few of the many highlights of the bill. I want to  thank my ranking member, Senator Murphy, for working with me to craft  this bipartisan legislation. I also appreciate the support of the  Committee on Appropriations in favorably reporting the Legislative  Branch appropriations bill unanimously for consideration by the full  U.S. Senate.   I respect Chairman Shelby and Vice Chairman Leahy for their efforts  to work in a bipartisan manner to bring bills to the Senate floor and  end this path of yet another year-end omnibus and more CRS. It was good  to see a couple of amendment votes just before I started speaking. That  is a healthy sign of stronger bipartisanship and getting the Senate  back to regular order--executing, blocking, and tackling, as we should,  for the American people.   It has been almost a decade--listen to this--it has been almost a  decade since a Legislative Branch appropriations bill has received  consideration on the floor outside of a large year-end spending bill.  It is important for us as a body to return to regular order on  appropriations bills and fund the government in a timely and more  transparent manner.   I urge my colleagues to support the adoption of the package of  appropriations bills before the U.S. Senate. I look forward to working  with Senators on any amendments they may have to the legislative branch  division.   