 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of  H.R. 5242, the School Resource Officer Assessment Act of 2018, as  amended. I am the author of this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, so far, in 2018, there have been 21 school shootings  that have resulted in injuries or loss of life. While it is impossible  for us to anticipate every attempt and impossible to enact regulations  that would prevent them, one thing we can do is to ensure that  honorable, patriotic, public servants are available to guard our  schools, students, and teachers against acts of violence. Considering  the recent string of school shootings, it has become clear that  increasing the use of school resource officers should play a major role  in protecting our schools.   Currently, there are 95,230 public schools in the United States. Our  research has clarified that hard data does not exist regarding law  enforcement assets at these schools. We estimate--and we can only  estimate--that there may be a 30 percent utilization of school resource  officers across the Nation.   Mr. Speaker, the first step in promoting school safety is evaluating  what SRO assets we have on the ground and how public schools are using  them. After we have a clear understanding of the field, we in Congress  will be able to more effectively direct resources to where they are  most needed. That is why I have introduced this bill.   My bill would simply give Congress the information we need to make  effective decisions regarding school safety by requiring the U.S.  Attorney General and the U.S. Secretary of Education to gather data  regarding the number and status of school resource officers assigned to  each public school in the United States.   My bill is a commonsense, information-gathering bill that has  bipartisan support and has been endorsed by the National Association of  School Resource Officers. This legislation is the first piece of  several initiatives I will be introducing and supporting to secure our  schools.   I would like to thank Chairwoman Foxx and Ranking Member Scott, who  are on the Education and the Workforce Committee, and their staffs for  their help in getting this bill to the floor. I would also like to  thank the cosponsors of my bill, in particular, Representative  Ruppersberger, for his help in this process.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support this commonsense legislation.   