 Mr. President, I am proud to join my colleague, Senator  Lankford of Oklahoma, in bringing our committee bill--the Financial  Services and General Government appropriations bill--to the floor.   I thank the full committee chair and the vice chairman, Senators  Shelby and Leahy, for their leadership and their bipartisan work that  has laid out the process we are now following to make real progress on  our appropriations process.   I thank Chairman Lankford for working with me on this bill, and to my  colleague Senator Lankford, of Oklahoma, I express my appreciation for  his being a great partner, for our positive experience in working  together, and for how much I value our collegial relationship.   I also thank the key staff of this subcommittee--Andy Newton, Lauren  Comeau, and Brian Daner--as well as my own staff--Ellen Murray, Diana  Hamilton, and Reeves Hart. These six folks are, I think, exemplars of  the people who work here year in and year out, week in and week out and  who help make it possible for us to craft large and complicated,  bipartisan compromise bills like this one. We are grateful for the  positive working experience they have had together and for the spirit  with which they have worked to make this bill possible.   I am confident this bill fairly allocates funding among many  competing priorities, given the subcommittee's allocation and its broad  jurisdiction. Senator Lankford and I have followed the guidance of the  full committee chair and vice chair and have kept this bill free of new  controversial riders. Overall, this bill appropriates $23.688 billion,  which is a small increase over that in the fiscal year 2018 omnibus  bill that was enacted earlier this year.   I would like to take this opportunity to briefly highlight how this  bill will impact both Delawareans, whom I represent, and Americans  across our whole country.   The bill provides $250 million for the Community Development  Financial Institutions Fund, which supports development in some of  America's poorest communities. The President's budget had recommended  cutting this vital program down to just $14 million, which would have  completely eliminated any new grant funding, but I am proud this  bipartisan Senate bill restores all of the funding for this effective  and vital program.   This bill rejects the transfer of two vital anti-drug programs--the  High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program, known by its acronym  HIDTA, and the Drug-Free Communities--from the Office of National Drug  Control Policy to the Justice Department.   I am grateful that at this time when opioids are a crisis of academic  proportions, which I hear about week in and week out in my home State  of Delaware, that we have rejected an ill-conceived proposal to move  these programs to other agencies, where I have been concerned they  would receive reduced funding and scant attention. I  [[Page S5237]]  am pleased, instead, that they will stay with the Office of National  Drug Control Policy.   This bill provides $281.5 million for the CFTC, the Commodity Futures  Trading Commission. This is an increase of $32.5 million. It is  critical the CFTC is able to keep pace with the dramatic changes in the  marketplace as it regulates, particularly with the emergence of  cryptocurrencies and complex financial products and international  trading platforms. I think it is critical that the CFTC be able to  modernize its investments, as this is what it is responsible for.   The Federal judiciary will receive $7.251 billion in funding, an  increase of $140 million over the fiscal year 2018 enacted level. In  particular, the defender services and court security accounts, which I  have long been attentive to, will receive robust funding.   This bill vitally increases funding for the basic operations of the  Internal Revenue Service. The IRS may not be the most popular of  Federal agencies, but it touches almost every American and is central  to the legal and appropriate and efficient collection of revenue and  for being responsive to constituents and customers. This bill increases  funding for the basic operations of the IRS, and it fully funds the  request for the cost of implementing the comprehensive new tax law.   I hope we continue to work to increase funding for this vital agency  in conference because the IRS has IT systems that are out of date, and  customer service can still improve. As the chairman and I have both  commented in previous hearings, we need to continue to make progress in  closing the $400 billion tax gap--the gap between what is owed and what  is collected in tax revenues every year.   This bill includes $1.66 billion for the Securities and Exchange  Commission, the SEC. Given the number of publicly traded firms that  have an incorporation footprint in my home State of Delaware, I am  particularly interested in making sure the SEC has the resources it  needs and is investing those funds efficiently and effectively, as it  is the watchdog that helps to make sure our securities are being  exchanged in ways that are transparent and legal and appropriate.   There is a provision within the Department of the Treasury that I  want to highlight briefly of $159 million being appropriated  specifically for the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence. It  is an increase of $17 million over last year, just over 10 percent.  This office has the responsibility of enforcing economic sanctions  across the globe.   It also has a very broad and very important responsibility, and it is  key that we have been able to work on a bipartisan basis to ensure  funding is adequate not only to continue the implementation of  sanctions against North Korea and Iran but also to make sure we are  fully enforcing the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act  and that we are enforcing sanctions in other places in the world-- Africa, for example--where we have longstanding sanctions that need  more thorough enforcement.   This bill provides funding for the Small Business Administration--a  remarkably effective Federal agency that punches above its weight. This  bill rejects the President's proposed cuts to the SBA's grant programs  by either restoring or increasing funding to virtually every initiative  within the SBA.   These grants are essential to the SBA's mission of supporting small  businesses so local communities across our country have greater  economic opportunity. I am particularly pleased, within the suite of  SBA-related services, to support the SCORE Program, which has one of  the highest ratios of volunteers and civic outreach and impact to  Federal investment. Groups of volunteers all over the country offer  business tools, workshops, and mentoring to dedicated entrepreneurs and  small business owners. SCORE was initially founded in my home State of  Delaware, in the city of Wilmington. So I have enjoyed working in a  bipartisan way to reauthorize it during this Congress.   This bill also includes a well-deserved pay adjustment for Federal  civilian workers. Last year, Federal employees received a cost-of- living increase of 1.9 percent. The cost of living is growing at a  faster rate than that. So, this year, the bill includes that same  level, which, I think, is an important bipartisan compromise to ensure  that our civilian workforce receives the support it has earned.   Lastly, we did include, last year, election security grants of about  $380 million in the fiscal year 2018 omnibus to help protect States and  their voting systems from cyber attacks. The chairman is the cosponsor  of an authorizing bill that is critical we take up and move independent  of the appropriations process. I also do think, this year, we should  have provided more for appropriations to our States to make sure they  are strengthening their cyber security as we are just 4 months from a  general election.   In closing, let me again thank the staff members of the subcommittee  who worked so well together.   Let me thank Senator Lankford, my colleague from Oklahoma, for his  great and positive attitude and for his determination in making sure  these dollars are spent wisely. We may not agree on everything, but we  have been able to agree on this thing, which is significant and  historic progress, as the very first ever floor markup of the FSGG bill  now begins.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I rise to speak about an amendment that I  look forward to advancing as a member of the relevant Appropriations  subcommittee--in fact, the ranking Democrat. I was pleased to work in a  bipartisan way to secure $380 million in the last fiscal year that has  been distributed to the States to secure our elections.   As you may have heard, some who opposed this in the Appropriations  Committee, when we took it up and debated it, asked a few simple  questions, which I will try to address quickly.   Aren't elections a State and local responsibility? Why should the  Federal government be providing funding for States and localities to  secure their elections? It is true that elections are overwhelmingly  run at the State and local levels. The cost of securing and modernizing  our voting machines and voting systems will be overwhelmingly borne at  the State and local levels.   Second, this $380 million was just made available, and I don't think  it has even gone out yet. Have they used it well, and have they used it  properly?   Third, why is this something we need to do now? Is there any  indication that our upcoming elections are actually under threat?   Let me briefly speak to those three questions.   This morning, it was publicly reported that the U.S. Department of  Homeland Security, outside of a classified setting for the first time,  revealed that not one, not two, not a dozen, but more than 100 American  power utilities had been successfully hacked by Russian military  intelligence and that air-gapped control rooms--meaning control rooms  that are designed so they are not connected to the internet--in power- generating or distributing utilities around the country had been  compromised by Russia. There is a level of sophistication in their  invasion and interference in our physical infrastructure that is  matched by their sophistication in interfering and intruding in our  election infrastructure. I think the present danger is very clear and  very real.   As my colleagues stated at great length, our Director of National  Intelligence, Dan Coats, our former colleague, has said repeatedly that  our election structure is at risk.   On July 13, Special Counsel Mueller indicted 12 Russian military  officials for cyber attacks on our 2016 elections, and we know those  attacks are coming again.   Michael Chertoff, the former Bush Department of Homeland Security  Secretary, and Grover Norquist, long known as an advocate for reduced  Federal spending, jointly wrote an editorial earlier this year--I think  it was in the Washington Post. They said, and I quote, that ``we can  replace all paperless voting machines in the country for less than the  cost of an F-22 fighter jet.''  [[Page S5249]]    As Senator Klobuchar has said repeatedly and correctly: ``Election  security is national security.''   Chertoff and Norquist concluded with this thought: It is not  practical to expect State and local election administrators in rural  Missouri or small town Maine or in my State of Delaware or in my  colleague's State of Iowa to go toe-to-toe with the premier government- backed cyber mercenaries of Russia or China or North Korea. Just as  Federal agencies prudently provide support for State law enforcement in  dealing with terrorism, Federal officials should give guidance for  support of the election cyber security threat.   My home State of Delaware is one of five with no paper trail for our  election systems, and our election systems are air-gapped. I just  received a letter from our State election commissioner, Elaine Manlove,  who has made clear that with the $380 million already distributed  through the money made available last year, they will begin to make a  downpayment on replacing our current, antiquated election machinery  with those that will have a verifiable paper trail.   I have many more examples I can cite, but I will be brief because I  have a colleague who has waited long for his opportunity to speak.   All States have now requested the funding, and 90 percent of the  funding has been disbursed. The EAC is working with States to make sure  that they are addressing cyber security issues and, in particular,  replacing outdated, antiquated systems.   I will give you one of many examples. The State of Louisiana last  purchased voting equipment in 2005. Its 10,000 voting machines are  antiquated, and their spare parts are dwindling and are no longer being  manufactured. Louisiana's secretary of state estimated the replacement  cost would be between $40 million and $60 million. A $3 million  downpayment of Federal money is just barely enough to get Louisiana  started, not enough to complete the job.    Let me close by saying that election security is not a partisan  issue; it is about protecting who we are as a nation. Free and fair and  regular elections define us as a democracy. Democrats, Republicans, and  Independents--all Americans--who want to know that their votes are  counted and our elections are free and fair should care about a Federal  role in supporting States and localities as they work to ensure that  our election systems are protected and our equipment can't be  compromised.   This is an issue not just for the November 2018 elections but for the  2020 elections.   The amendment we hope to call up later today should not be  controversial. This is about protecting our democracy.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I thank my colleagues from Washington and  Connecticut for being here, for speaking out, and for being so  remarkable in their persistence in defending America's concerns about  healthcare. I want to add my voice for just a few moments, if I might.   Let me look back 8 years to when I first joined the Senate in 2010.  At that point, the Affordable Care Act was barely a year old. Since  then, in the early years of the Affordable Care Act, we saw some very  positive patterns: More Americans gained access to health insurance;  the growth of healthcare costs slowed; insurance markets put in place  under the ACA proved to be resilient, despite repeated challenges. As a  result of the ACA, 20 million more Americans, including 38,000  Delawareans, gained access to high-quality, comprehensive healthcare  coverage.   It is through the ACA exchange that my own family and I get our  healthcare, and so many others in Delaware have a chance to get access  to healthcare. The 190,000 people, in my little State of 900,000  people, who have preexisting conditions no longer had to worry about  being denied coverage, and lifetime caps were a thing of the past. This  matters; it has saved lives.   Just listen briefly to the story of Nicole from my little hometown of  Hockessin, DE, a small farming town of just a few thousand people.  Nicole's 3-year-old daughter was born with cystic fibrosis, a horrible  disease that robs children and people of the ability to breathe.  Nicole's 3-year-old daughter with cystic fibrosis spent at least an  hour a day getting breathing treatments from her mother. At $5,000 a  month for her medications--not cheap--Nicole was confident that without  the ACA she would have exceeded her annual caps and her medical  expenses well before the end of the year.   Nicole, in reaching out to me, made it clear that without the  consumer protections of the Affordable Care Act, she would have had one  of three choices: hope she would qualify for Medicaid--unlikely, due to  her income; go into debt to pay for her daughter's treatments; or stop  giving her daughter some of the medication she depends on to save her  life. All of that assumed that her daughter's cystic fibrosis wasn't  considered a preexisting condition that would prevent her from getting  any insurance at all. Because of that circumstance, Nicole's story  exemplifies the life-changing gains and positive trends that the ACA  provided.   Unfortunately, there were some other challenges as well, which I will  summarize quickly, that have developed over time.   Let me transition to where we are today. Today we are in a place  where, just a year ago, consistent, repeated efforts after the 2016  election by Republicans in Congress to repeal without a plan to replace  the ACA resulted in a situation where, as my colleague from Connecticut  has laid out, the Trump administration has done its best to roll back  ways in which progress was made to extend quality, affordable  healthcare to more Americans.   After a number of efforts to repeal the law failed last year, thanks  to the American people who stood up and had their voices heard, the  administration has decided to take a different approach--a slow and  steady unraveling and undermining of the protections that made the ACA  work.   It started with a decision to stop cost-sharing reduction payments,  which help working families afford their premiums and access care. It  continued when they changed the rules and encouraged people to sign up  for plans that didn't have all the benefits and consumer protections of  the ACA--really, junk plans--which made it possible to bring back  discrimination against women and those with preexisting conditions. It  culminated last month with something that was done in a fly-by-night  way and may not have been visible at all to my constituents and  viewers: a decision to no longer defend the core components of the ACA  in court, including protections for those with preexisting conditions,  in a lawsuit brought by 20 attorneys general from States that  overwhelmingly opposed the ACA. This decision was so shocking that  three career Justice Department attorneys withdrew from the case, and  one with over 20 years' experience resigned from his job. Make no  mistake, this was the administration sabotaging the ACA and our  healthcare system. President Trump even admitted at a campaign event,  just cited by my colleague from Connecticut, that he had gutted the  ACA.    This may resonate with the President's base. It may resonate with  people he hopes will vote him back into office in the future election.  But for millions of families across the country and in my home State,  losing protections against preexisting condition discrimination is a  death sentence.   It would be devastating for Nicole and her daughter, whom I described  before. It would be devastating for Kim from my hometown of residence,  Wilmington, a thyroid cancer survivor who is now able to get insurance.  Because her cancer isn't considered a preexisting condition under the  Affordable Care Act, she is not subject to preexisting condition  discrimination. In my small State of Delaware, gutting protections for  preexisting conditions would leave one in five at risk of skyrocketing  health insurance costs or losing coverage altogether.   This lawsuit impacts every corner of America's healthcare system, and  the  [[Page S5254]]  fact that our administration is not defending the law of the land is a  shocking development. It impacts not just those who get their  healthcare through the ACA exchanges. It would impact 150 million  Americans who get their health insurance through their employer because  it would eliminate protections against lifetime and annual limits on  care. It would impact seniors on Medicare who would see increased  prescription drug costs. It would impact Americans who depend on free  preventive services, like cancer screenings and flu shots, because  those policy components of the ACA would be eliminated. It would impact  young people who would lose the right to stay on their parents' health  insurance until age 26.   These are just a few of the devastating impacts if the Texas v.  United States lawsuit is successful in ripping out what is left of the  protections of the ACA. It would have a real and tangible impact on  families in my State of Delaware and across our country. That is why I  am glad to support a resolution proposed by my colleagues Senators  Manchin, Casey, McCaskill, and others to defend the constitutionality  of preexisting condition protections in our healthcare system. This is  critical to the well-being and the health of the families we represent.   My Democratic colleagues and I know the ACA was not perfect when  passed. I have heard from small business owners in my home State about  some of the limitations due to increases in cost and the ways in which  they wish we had a more robust tax credit for small businesses, ways  they wish we would work together to perfect the ACA. That is why I came  to the floor time and again in my first 4 years here, seeking  colleagues across the aisle who were willing to work with us to make  the Affordable Care Act better.   Instead of working to tear down the ACA, we should have been working  to address challenges with affordability and coverage, increasing tax  credits for small businesses, and making it stronger and more  sustainable. Instead of sabotaging the care millions of Americans have  depended on, we should have ensured there was more competition in the  marketplace, especially in small States like my own. I wish we had,  instead, taken a path of pursuing commonsense regulatory reforms and  cost containment efforts to slow the rate of growth of healthcare  costs.   It is not too late for that. It is still not impossible that we could  set aside the divisive partisan rhetoric and that this administration  will abandon its underhanded attempts to sabotage this healthcare law  and, instead, focus on pursuing constructive, bipartisan fixes.   The bottom line is the Affordable Care Act has helped millions of  Americans--like Nicole and Kim, whose stories I shared with you--live  healthier and more secure lives. I am not optimistic, but I insist on  remaining hopeful that there is still time for us to do our job on a  bipartisan basis and secure healthcare for all of America.   As happened roughly a year ago next month, the floor of this Senate  can still be moved by the voices of Americans who would say to this  administration: Stop your refusal to defend the ACA. Let's move forward  in a positive way, together.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I just want to offer my response to the  very disappointing renewed objection to the resolution that Senator  Flake and I have attempted to move through this body now twice.    Last week, Senator Flake and I came to call on our Senate colleagues  to speak clearly in support of our intelligence community, our Federal  law enforcement community, and to state unequivocally that Russia's  attacks on our democracy will not be tolerated and that we will take  action in a firm and bipartisan and swift way.   Some have said this is merely a simple or symbolic message. I say  there are powerful symbols that motivate our Nation, like our flag, and  that, although symbolic, are substantive in their consequences.   After the narrow objection of one Senator to this resolution last  week, we hear another objection tonight saying what we should be  focused on is confirming nominees and funding the Federal Government.  I, frankly, don't get the point. If this symbolic resolution, which  calls on this Senate to act on hearings, on receiving notes, and on  imposing sanctions, in order to push back against Russia's attack on  our democracy--if we cannot find 2 minutes to adopt by unanimous  consent this simple resolution, then I worry that we continue to have a  problem. We continue to have a problem of lack of clarity about what  actually happened in 2016 and what may happen in 2018.   I will remind my colleagues, briefly, that President Trump's own  Director of National Intelligence has warned that Russia's attacks on  our digital infrastructure are ``persistent, pervasive, and they are  meant to undermine America's democracy.''   I know I don't need to remind my colleagues that what defines us as a  democracy is free, fair, and open elections that our people find  credible.   Just this morning, the Department of Homeland Security publicly  released that air-gapped control centers for utilities in more than 100  places across our country had been penetrated successfully by Russian  military intelligence.   The threat to our 2018 election continues to build, the clarity that  we have been attacked in our 2016 election continues to build, and the  sanctions that our President could be fully exercising were passed by  this body by a vote of 98 to 2 last summer through the Countering  America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act.   This resolution is simple. Because of a lack of clarity at the  Helsinki summit between President Trump and President Putin, it calls  for prompt hearings, the release of relevant information and notes to  better understand the impact of what was committed to in that meeting  in Helsinki, and the full implementation of the sanctions adopted by  this body by a vote of 98 to 2.   Either we mean it or we don't. Either we care about knowing what  happened in Helsinki or we don't. Either we get the threat to our  upcoming election or we don't. In my view, we continue to face threats  to our elections and to our critical infrastructure, and it is long  past time for Congress to work together to secure our democracy.   I will close by thanking my colleague and friend from Arizona for  being a partner in this effort, for seeing clearly what is happening,  and for standing up and asking this body to act. He gave, I think, a  haunting opening quote from ``1984.''   I am concerned that if our President thinks it is appropriate to  invite President Putin of Russia to meet with him in our White House or  in our Nation's Capital, that he may not yet fully get the point. I am  encouraged that Speaker Ryan and Majority Leader McConnell said clearly  earlier today that President Putin is not welcome in this Nation's  Capitol, in this building, in the Capitol where this Congress meets. I  wonder what more it will take for there to be clarity on the part of  the administration that President Putin is our adversary, has attacked  our election, is a threat to our democracy, and should not be welcome  in this Nation's Capital as a whole.   I call on my colleagues to support this resolution, to stand with our  intelligence and law enforcement communities and against this dangerous  foreign adversary, Russia.   Again, I thank and compliment my colleague from Arizona for joining  me in this important effort.   With that, I yield the floor.   