 Madam President, we saw yesterday that the vote on the  Yemen War Powers Resolution has brought to light the broader issue of  our alliance with Saudi Arabia. This is an issue that people have heard  a lot about, obviously, in the last few weeks with the murder of a  journalist, and the Yemen resolution vote has become a proxy over that  matter.   I have been outspoken in the past about why it matters that we speak  out strongly about and against the murder of this journalist,  Khashoggi, but also that we talk more broadly about what we need to do  about it and how it applies to our alliance with Saudi Arabia.   I want to tailor my comments today by briefly talking about exactly  what the implications are based on the questions I get from people. Why  does the murder of Khashoggi matter, and why should we care about it?   First, this is part of a pattern. The Crown Prince, who is  effectively governing Saudi Arabia now, has been continually testing  the limits of the world's patience and also the limits of our alliance.  There is a pattern here. We have seen it. He kidnapped, over 2 weeks,  the Prime Minister of Lebanon. He has fractured an alliance that once  existed with the Gulf Kingdoms. All of it has implications on U.S.  national security. So this is just one more escalation in a pattern of  testing the limits of our alliance.   Then there are human rights. Why do human rights matter? For a  practical reason, human rights matter. From a practical perspective,  when human rights are violated, the result is a humanitarian crisis, as  we have seen often around the world, which often leads to mass  migration.   Let me they tell you something else a violation of human rights leads  to: radicalization. When you violate a group of people, you mistreat  them and abuse them; you leave them ripe for radicalization--for a  radical group to come in and basically pull them in and say: We are the  ones with the power, the weapons, and willingness to fight. Join us to  go after your oppressors.   In fact, if you look at what is happening in Yemen, much of it and  the Houthis comes from years of abuses against the Shia. It doesn't  justify the radicalization, but it explains that, as it does what we  have seen in Iraq and in Syria.   Here is one other thing that happens with human rights abuses. The  abusers often get overthrown. Here is the problem. When an abusive  government that violates human rights gets overthrown, the people who  take over hate us because we have been supporting their abusers. These  are practical reasons why human rights matter.   And there is a moral one. Perhaps in the ranking and order, that is  the most important one--the moral one. It is because that is what makes  us different from China and Russia and other countries around the  world. This is what makes America different. In fact, I would say that  the murder of Mr. Khashoggi is more about us. When it comes to our  debate, it is about us. It is not just about him. It is about us and  who we are and about whether we, as a nation, are prepared to excuse,  overlook, or sort of brush away this horrifying incident because  somebody buys a lot of things from us or produces a lot of oil.   Assuming we can mostly agree on that, the question is, What do we do  about it? There is this false choice that has been presented to us.  This false choice is that there are only two choices: Either ignore it  or abandon and fracture the Saudi alliance. That is not true. There are  other choices. It is not just either-or, those two. That is a false  choice.   What I do believe is the wrong thing to do about it is to pull and  yank away our support for Saudi operations in Yemen. Let me explain  why. The first is, right now, the only hope of ending that is not  winning an armed conflict; it is a peace negotiation. And the people  who have to be at that table aren't just the Houthis but the deposed  Yemeni President, who is in Saudi Arabia. If we yank our support, the  chances of that peace happening diminish significantly. In fact, the  Houthis probably say: The Saudis no longer have U.S. support; they are  not as strong as they used to be; I think we can beat them; we don't  need a peace deal. So it actually makes peace less likely.   The second thing, from a practical perspective, is that we will have  less influence how the Saudis conduct the war, meaning that we will  have no standing to have any influence whatsoever who they bomb, how  often they bomb, and who they target. Some people argue that they will  not have the  [[Page S7202]]  weapons to do it with. That is not true. If you don't think you can buy  weapons from immoral and amoral regimes around the world, you are  wrong; they can. If you think that somehow this will end their  engagement, you are wrong. The reason they are involved in Yemen is  that they feel it is an effort by Iran--and, rightfully, they feel this  way--to encircle them.   If you look at it today, Iran is their enemy. Iran now controls large  parts of Syria and is probably the closest government in the world to  the Syrian regime to their northwest. Iraq is closer to Iran than it  has ever been in the last 20 years to the north. Iran is to their east.  Yemen would be to the south with the Houthis operating from there. They  feel that they are being encircled by Iran. They are going to fight,  whether we help them or not. We could lose our influence over how they  do it.   I want to tell you one more thing that will happen. If we pull our  support, the chances of a broader, catastrophic conflict increases  dramatically. I will lay one scenario out for you. If we pull our  support, the Houthis get confident, and they start launching rockets  into Saudi Arabia, targeting civilian populations and members of the  royal family and killing people.   The Saudis respond with disproportionate force or the same level of  force, and we begin to escalate. They will not just respond against the  Houthis. They may respond against the Iranian interests elsewhere.  Suddenly, you have a real live shooting war that extends beyond this  proxy fight. In response to that, the Houthis and Iranians use their  presence on the coast and that port city to close off an important  chokepoint, the Bab el-Mandeb, that choke point in the Red Sea that  connects the Mediterranean to the Indian Ocean, where over 4.8 million  barrels of oil a day go through. They start bombing oil tankers. They  start hitting those, and all of a sudden, the world has to get engaged  to open that up. This holds the real potential for a rapid escalation  that could involve a much broader conflict than what we are seeing  right now.   I know that many of my colleagues yesterday voted for this resolution  out of deep frustration. It was a message to the administration that  the way they handled this Khashoggi incident is unacceptable. I hope  that message has been received. But this is the wrong way to do the  right thing, and that is to ensure that we recalibrate our alliance  with Saudi Arabia into one where they understand they can't just do  whatever they want. The Crown Prince cannot do whatever he wants.    We have leverage in that regard. There is legislation that the  Senator from New Jersey, Senator Menendez, and others offered. In  addition to that, there are things we can do. The leadership of the  Foreign Relations Committee asked for the imposition of Magnitsky  sanctions. That is a powerful tool. I assure you, there are people in  Saudi Arabia around the royal family, around the government, who deeply  enjoy being able to invest and spend their wealth in the United States  and around the world. They are going to care a lot if, as a result of  this murder, they lose access to their money, to their property, to  their visas. That is a real leverage point that we have.   We have additional tools: religious freedom sanctions and visa bans  against other individuals who may not have been involved in the  Khashoggi incident but, again, another leverage point.   We have leverage points in restricting U.S. investment. One of the  biggest proposals the Crown Prince is making is that he wants to  diversify their economy and encourage U.S. and Western investment into  their economy. Placing restrictions on that investment is a significant  leverage point.   We should use this opportunity to use those leverage points to  achieve real changes in our alliance and real changes in their  behavior. For example, the release of Mr. Badawi, an activist in Saudi  Arabia who has been repeatedly flogged in the past and unjustly held in  prison--he should be released. The release of Saudi women activists who  have been tortured and sexually harassed while in custody--they should  be released. Education reforms--Saudi Arabia should finally stop  publishing these textbooks encouraging and teaching anti-Semitism and  radicalization and dangerous religious notions and theologies that  encourage violence against others. We should require them to restore  the Gulf alliance and restore their relationship with Qatar. If they  don't, we will. We should force them to stop funding these Wahhabi  schools around the world, in which they are exporting radicalization.   All of these things need to happen. There may be other conditions we  haven't thought of. These are real consequences that will begin to  realign this alliance and make very clear that this is an important  alliance, but it is not one that is unlimited or without restrictions  or expectations on our part.   If we fail to do this, the Crown Prince will take further escalatory  and outrageous actions in the future. He will keep pushing the  envelope. This is a young man who has never lived anywhere else in the  world. He is a Crown Prince, which tells you, not only is he wealthy,  he has rarely faced disappointment in his life or ever not had  something he wanted. He has never lived abroad. I think he is largely  naive about foreign policy and thinks he can get away with whatever he  wants because at home, he can. We have to make clear that with us, he  can't.   You don't have to blow up the alliance to make that message clear. If  we don't make that message clear, he will do more of this in the  future, and one day, he may pull us into a war. One day, he may  fracture the alliance himself because he goes too far. He needs to be  stopped now. He needs to understand that there are limits or he will  keep testing those limits. If we fail to do that at this moment, we  will live to regret it, and its implications will be extraordinary, and  it will be a gift to Iran.   That is my last point. What happened here has been a gift to Iran.  What they have done has been a gift. Instead of weakening their enemy,  they have empowered them. We do need to take positive action on this.  We do need to take things that change and recalibrate this  relationship, but yanking support at this moment from the Yemen  campaign is the wrong way to do the right thing.   I hope that many of my colleagues, who yesterday voted to discharge  this bill to the floor to send a clear message to the administration  that they are unhappy with the response so far--I hope they will  reconsider an alternative way forward that doesn't lead to these  consequences I have outlined but allows us in the Senate to lead the  way with the administration to reset this relationship in a way that  avoids these problems in the future and lives up to our heritage as a  nation whose foreign policy is infused with and supports the defense of  human rights all over the world.   I yield the floor.   