 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4545.   Today we are considering yet another measure that would weaken our  system of financial regulation and bog down regulators in their  important work. It would ultimately take us right back to some of the  problems that led to the largest financial crisis since the Great  Depression. The bill puts financial institutions' profits before the  protection of consumers and the best interests of the American public.   I rise, Madam Speaker, to say to Members of both sides of the aisle  that we must remember the past as we create policies. I was here during  that entire period, and it created a very, very heavy darkness over  this entire country.   In the years preceding the financial crisis, the Federal Reserve  failed to write rules stopping predatory, risky mortgage loans. The OCC  and OTS preempted State regulators from reining in mortgage abuses. The  Federal Reserve Bank of New York and other regulators failed to stem  excesses at large companies and did not downgrade troubled companies  until it was too late. Legislation such as H.R. 4545 sets the stage to  return us to an ineffective regulatory system.   Republicans have made it a habit to falsely claim that their  legislation is designed to benefit small community banks and credit  unions. There are some things that could be changed to improve Dodd- Frank and to provide responsible relief for small community  institutions, which I believe we all recognize did not cause the  financial crisis.    I have said in our committee and I will say openly in any other  place, including on the floor here, that there are some things we can  repair in Dodd-Frank. But what this bill would do is give all regulated  financial institutions an additional way to appeal and, thereby,  postpone material supervisory determinations of their prudential  regulator and of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.  [[Page H1627]]    In other words, messy megabanks and other big financial firms could  appeal and delay adverse determinations such as a downgrade of a bank's  credit rating for capital asset quality management, earnings,  liquidity, and sensitivity to the market risk. It would also enable  them to appeal significant deficiencies of their anti-money laundering  programs, findings related to the violations of various rules, or a  downgrade of their Community Reinvestment Act ratings.   Let's think about this for just a minute. Some banks would be  allowed, under this bill, to appeal the OCC's historic and well- deserved double downgrade of its CR rating. Under this bill, Wells  Fargo, for example, would be allowed to unleash its army of lawyers to  not only fight against the rating, but to tie the OCC up in  proceedings. We all know that when the banks who spend millions on  legal teams each year deploy those resources, they deploy them to win;  and if they win, then American consumers lose.   But let's focus on CRA. CRA was intended to ensure that institutions  were making loans and providing services in the lower-income and  moderate-income neighborhoods in which they were located to address the  problems of redlining.   As highlighted in the recent report by the Center for Investigative  Reporting, redlining is not just some relic of the past. Sadly,  painfully, and embarrassingly, redlining appears to be still very much  an ongoing, troubling problem that continues to harm many minority  mortgage loan borrowers in cities all across the United States of  America.   This bill will make redlining worse, and that will happen because,  instead of improving their ratings and trying to end discriminatory  lending practices, bank executives will simply challenge these rates  and bully their own regulators into submission.   Now, this may be unintentional, as I would presume to believe, but  this bill ignores the fact that prudential regulators and the Consumer  Bureau each already have an agency ombudsman and an intra-agency formal  review and appeals process. What's more, messy megabanks already have  existing avenues to bring a court challenge to any form of regulatory  enforcement act.   Thus, what this bill would actually do is create unprecedented  barriers to the effective, prudential, and consumer protection  supervision of the messy megabanks. It will give messy megabanks and  predatory lenders, including payday lenders, an additional way to  resist corrective actions to avoid violations of law or safety and  soundness risk. As a result, the bill would allow these financial  institutions to bog down agencies with frivolous appeals.   In a letter opposing H.R. 4545, the National Consumer Law Center  wrote that the effective bill ``would be most pronounced at the largest  banks who could appeal dozens or hundreds of material findings from  every examination creating enormous roadblocks to supervision. The bank  supervision process has been the first line of regulatory defense  against threats to bank safety and soundness for a century or more.  H.R. 4545 creates unprecedented roadblocks to the effectiveness of bank  supervisory determinations and could be devastating to effective  regulatory oversight in areas ranging from basic prudential oversight  to key consumer protections that make our financial markets fairer.''   In addition, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found that  H.R. 4545 would increase the deficit by hundreds of millions of  dollars--by hundreds of millions of dollars. It would increase by  hundreds of millions of dollars. Hundreds of millions of dollars it  would increase. Millions of dollars would be increased because banks  would be more likely to fail and need government assistance.   In sum, H.R. 4545 would weaken our Nation's system of financial  regulation, and, in so doing, it would recklessly set the stage for a  return to the captive, hamstrung regulatory system that existed in the  years before the 2008 financial crisis that enabled the risky profit- fueled activities of large, complex, messy megabanks and other titans  on Wall Street to go unchecked. I therefore urge my colleagues to  oppose H.R. 4545.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the inimitable chair of our committee is absolutely  right: there are Democrats. This is a bipartisan piece of legislation.  But it proves what I was trying to say earlier, and that is that I and  many other people believe that we need to make some changes to Dodd- Frank. This is just not one of them.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Maxine Waters), and I ask unanimous  consent that control she may control that time.   