 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, like any patriotic American--Democrat,  Republican, or Independent--I was appalled by the press conference that  capped off the President's trip to Europe this morning. President Trump  hardly pressed President Putin on a single issue, saying that ``both  countries'' are responsible for the state of relations between the  United States and Russia.   When it comes to interference in the 2016 elections, the President  has managed to point the finger at just about everyone except the  culprit. The one person he hasn't blamed is the man who is actually  responsible--Vladimir Putin. Rather than taking the opportunity to  confront Putin and stand up in defense of the United States, rather  than demanding that Putin hand over the Russian intelligence agents who  were indicted last week, the President took the word of the KGB over  the brave, hard-working men and women of the CIA. It is amazing. When  has a President ever done something like that--believed our enemies  instead of our own intelligence agents, who have worked so diligently  and hard to keep us safe?   Vladimir Putin's goal for over a decade has been the weakening of  American leadership and the erosion of vital international alliances,  such as NATO, that promote American values of democracy, freedom, and  open markets. He has labored for 10 years, and he didn't get very far,  and now President Trump is handing him the keys to the city.   President Putin could hardly have scripted a more successful foreign  trip for his interests than the one we have just witnessed by President  Trump. Now, because of President Trump's inexplicable actions,  Americans and citizens of the world from one end to the other are  scratching their heads, saying: What is going on inside the President's  head? Because of the President's almost inexplicable actions, a single,  ominous question hangs over the White House: What could possibly cause  the President to put the interests of Russia over those of the United  States? Millions of Americans will continue to wonder if the only  possible explanation for this dangerous and inexplicable behavior is  the possibility--the very real possibility--that President Putin holds  damaging information over President Trump.   The questions of the moment--now that our security has been put at  risk by the President--are these: Where are our Republican colleagues?  Where are the Republicans who cheered Reagan's famous challenge to  Gorbachev to ``tear down this wall''? Where are the Republicans who  demanded a strong response from President Obama when Putin annexed  Crimea? Where are the Republicans who surely know in their hearts that  trusting Putin over American intelligence, defense, and law enforcement  diminishes the standing of our great country?   Now is the time, if there ever were one, for Republicans to stand up.  If we wait much longer, our global alliance will fracture; the  institutions America created in the ashes of World War II will crumble;  and our allies will consider abandoning us, maybe even embracing China,  if the consequences--economic and military--are devastating for our  country; and Putin's Russia will emerge all the stronger for  [[Page S4961]]  it. American power, prestige, and even our economy will be deeply  damaged.   I am pleading--pleading--with my Republican colleagues to push back  by doing four things:   First, ratchet up--not water down--sanctions against Russia.   Second, join us in demanding that the President's national security  team immediately come to Congress and testify.   Third, end attacks by so many on the hard right on the Department of  Justice, the FBI, and Special Counsel Mueller. These attacks are beyond  the pale, but now that the President has done this with Putin, these  attacks are dangerous to the future of the Republic.   The special counsel needs to finish his work. The President needs to  sit for an interview with the special counsel, as previous Presidents  have done and as Republicans demanded of President Clinton.   The President has no problem breaking bread with a man who  maliciously attacked America during our elections, but he can't sit  down with a man charged with investigating it--Special Counsel Mueller.  Please. What is the President afraid of? What is he hiding that we  don't know?   Fourth, our Republican colleagues must demand with us that the  President insist that the 12 indicted Russians be sent to the United  States immediately to stand trial.   Every one of these actions is important. Every one should be  bipartisan. Every one of our Republican colleagues, no matter what  their ideologies within the Republican Party are, should choose country  over party--what is good for America over the politics of the moment.  Let us show strength and not fear when President Trump shows weakness,  as he has today.   I am asking Leader McConnell and Speaker Ryan, both friends, to make  sure the four things we have asked for are done. I am pleading with  them, for the sake of the country, to do so.   The President is doing grave harm to the standing of the United  States, to the strength of the United States, to the security of the  United States, and to the economic robustness of the United States by  kowtowing to Vladimir Putin. The President will continue to do it if he  is not checked, and the best check is our Republican colleagues, if  they only have the decency, the honor, and the courage to stand up at a  time when the moment calls for it. Some have--Senator McCain, Senator  Graham, and Senator Sasse--but where are the others? Where is Leader  McConnell?   The summit today was an insult to all Americans--Democrats,  Republicans, and Independents. We have to stand up together and push  back.   