 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member, Mr. Engel, for  yielding to me and also for his leadership in helping to bring this  bill to the floor. I thank him and his staff for the wonderful work  that they have done. I also thank Chairman Royce and his staff for  their leadership. I, with both Chairman Royce and Ranking Member Engel,  spoke a lot about this bill and why it is important that we pass this  particular bill.   I thank my colleagues, Representative Castro and Representative Poe,  who helped on this bill. I thank them for their work on the committee,  and also Representative McCaul for signing on as a bipartisan measure.   In fact, in the next few days, on Friday, Representative McCaul,  myself, and a delegation will be going over to Mexico for the swearing  in. I think this is a very appropriate time, as Mr. Engel mentioned, to  have this bill to send this positive message.   This bill is important in many ways. It is bipartisan legislation  that promotes mutual national security interests and economic  partnership and cooperation between the United States and Mexico, with  a focus on the energy, health, entrepreneurship, and education sectors.   Mexico is one of the United States' top trading partners, with an  estimated $615 billion in two-way trade between those two countries,  which means that every day there is more than $1.3 billion of trade  between the U.S. and Mexico. That means that every single minute you  are talking about more than $1 million of trade between the U.S. and  Mexico, and this is why it is very important to have this type of  relationship.   As the chairman mentioned a few minutes ago, in the 2015-2016  academic year, according to the Institute of International Education,  more than 56,000 United States students studied in other countries in  the Western Hemisphere, while more than 84,000 non-U.S. students from  that region studied in the U.S.   However, there are only 5,000 of those United States students who  studied in Mexico, and only 16,000 of those non-U.S. students were from  Mexico. This is why we need to do more to increase our educational  exchange with our very important trading partner.   Specifically, this bill establishes that it should be the policy of  the United States to continue deepening the economic cooperation  between the United States and Mexico and to expand the educational and  professional exchange programs with our neighbors to the south. In  order to do this, it would require the Secretary of State to develop a  strategy that:   One, encourages more economic exchanges between the two countries at  the secondary, postsecondary, and postgraduate levels, especially with  communities in the southern border region;   Two, encourages the United States and Mexican academic institutions  and businesses to collaborate to train aspiring entrepreneurs;   Three, promotes energy infrastructure coordination and cooperation  through the support of vocational education, internships, and exchanges  between both countries; and   Four, assesses the feasibility of fostering binational partnerships  between universities and medical school and nursing programs, and that  is a natural fit that we can do with that particular neighbor to the  south.   So, again, if we increase economic exchanges at universities that we  have in Texas and across California and New Mexico and Arizona and  other parts, that basically means that we will better prepare our  students for success in the workplace and increase job opportunities  for those areas and the small businesses along the border.   Again, to conclude, I thank the chairman of the Foreign Affairs  Committee, Chairman Ed Royce. He is very passionate about Mexico, and I  thank him for that passion.   I thank Ranking Member Eliot Engel again. He is very passionate. I  think this is something that we feel is very important about Mexico,  and I thank him for advancing this bill through the committee.   And, again, to the staff, both on the Republican side and on the  Democratic side, I thank them.   So, to conclude, I encourage my colleagues to support this important  piece of legislation, and I look forward to seeing this bill pass into  law.   