 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for his  kindness in working with me and my team on bringing this bill to the  floor today, and I want to thank his staff as well.   What we have today is the Protecting Consumers' Access to Credit Act,  a bipartisan piece of legislation that we have both Republicans and the  Democrats in the Senate in support of as well as Democrats and  Republicans here in the House of Representatives supportive of.   The issue we are dealing with is one of the biggest challenges facing  our country, which is the decline of lending to consumers and small  businesses in small towns and rural communities like the ones I  represent in western North Carolina. It is the same issue facing so  many in urban settings as well. This touches all of America.   But the story in rural America is bleak. Community banks are closing  at a rapid pace, and small businesses are struggling to find loans.  Many Americans don't have the savings to cover a common $1,000  emergency like a car repair. That is not just a rural issue; that  touches all American communities.    The good news is, after the financial crisis, innovative companies  and banks partnered together to find new ways to help hardworking  Americans and small-business owners. They call it fintech.   These innovative companies partner with banks to help small  businesses get a loan. They help young people get out of student debt.  They help everyday Americans find the financing they need to lead  better lives.  [[Page H1150]]    Now, this should be something heralded by both parties. It shouldn't  be a partisan issue. It shouldn't be left or right, conservative or  liberal. It is a good thing that is happening with innovation and  different modes of lending and borrowing in this country.   And while this era of financial innovation is brand-new, the actual  structure supporting fintech is based on one of the oldest bedrock  principles in American law. The fundamental concept is called valid  when made.   Valid when made, or what the Supreme Court referred to in 1833 as  ``the cardinal rule'' of American interest rate laws, provides the  legal foundation for how fintech companies partner with banks.   I don't have to share with the ranking member or other Members of our  Chamber that banks are heavily regulated; and if they even partner with  another firm, that, too, is a regulated thing. Yet all that changed  when the Supreme Court declined to hear the case of Madden v. Midland  Funding.   In Madden, activist judges on a Federal appeals court broke with a  longstanding legal precedent of valid when made and, instead, held that  the 1864 National Bank Act did not have a preemptive effect on loans  created under this fintech bank partnership.   Now the legal framework has been around almost for 200 years, and the  particular law that we are dealing with has been around for 150 years,  roughly speaking. This decision, though, has created uncertainty for  fintech companies, financial institutions, and credit markets  generally.   According to a study from Columbia University and Stanford  University, Madden significantly reduced credit availability in that  affected region, and this matters for all Americans because of the  effect it is having.   What we saw is loan volumes declined and the average FICO score for  borrowers to get a loan increased. That means that, if you are on the  margins of society, it got harder and more expensive for you to get  lending. So it is a bad case. Simply put, this should not be happening,  and if we are serious about financial inclusion for all Americans, we  need this bill today. A bipartisan bill, we need it.   And if we are serious about modernizing our financial system, we need  this bill passed into law. And if we are serious about helping everyday  Americans, not just the fortunate few with unblemished credit, we need  to pass this bill.   I am pleased this legislation enjoys support from my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle. I want to thank Representative Meeks,  Democrat, of New York; Senator Mark Warner, Democrat, of Virginia; and  Senator Pat Toomey, Republican, of Pennsylvania, who worked hard on  this bipartisan, bicameral legislation. It is important. It is needed.  It will have a positive impact on people's lives.   All arguments that have been made against this bill on the floor  don't actually focus on what is important and necessary about this  legislation. They are straw men that don't have anything to do with the  contents of this very simple, bipartisan piece of legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote for this.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, is the gentleman asserting there is no law  or Federal regulation against federally chartered banks giving loans to  people?   Mr. Speaker, that is not simply the case.   