 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for putting this  together tonight.   Mr. Speaker, Iowa's economy is humming, paychecks are growing,  employers are hiring and investing, unemployment is low.   Not too long ago, during National Small Business Week, I visited with  the Urbandale Chamber of Commerce to talk about the benefits of the new  Tax Code. A small businessowner told me: ``When the new income tax  calculations came out, my employees all asked why their paychecks were  bigger.''   The businessowner told them it was because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act. They thought there was a mistake.  [[Page H4767]]  But, no, this is real, and workers are feeling the benefits of the tax  relief law.   A constituent from the Des Moines metro area called the office one  day to share with us that his monthly income had gone up $300 because  of tax relief. That is real money to Iowans.   A resident of Council Bluffs shared he was receiving over $100 more  in each paycheck, which he and his wife are using to make their car  payments. It is helping Iowans.   A small brewery in Glenwood, Iowa, in Mills County called Keg Creek  is expanding their operations and investing in new equipment as they  grow.   A manager at Jethro's BBQ in western Des Moines said: ``Our employees  are bringing home more money. Everyone across the board is taking home  more money. I can't be more clear about that.''   He continued: ``It is helping the people that work for us.''   Mr. Speaker, the new tax law is helping people across the Third  District, throughout all of Iowa, and the country. We see this  reflected in data and we just heard it through testimonials.   Since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was passed, 1 million jobs, we have  heard, have been created; unemployment is at the lowest rate in 50  years; and for the first time in 17 years, two-thirds of Americans say  it is a good time to find a quality job.   Consumer confidence is the highest it has been in nearly 2 decades.  Compensation increases for workers at small businesses are at the  highest level in 20 years. Average hourly and weekly earnings are 3.4  percent higher than this time a year ago.   We hear the statistics, because the evidence is clear, and we hear  the voices of our constituents telling us this as well.   Our pro-growth policies, tax relief, and commonsense regulatory  reform are working. I look forward to seeing our economy continue to  grow and flourish and to see American workers and their families  continue to thrive.   Allowing workers to keep more of their hard-earned dollars is simply  the right thing. And when you do the right thing, good things happen.  Good things are happening in Iowa because of this tax relief.   