 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Goodlatte and  Representative Nadler for their support of this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5698, the Protect  and Serve Act of 2018. This important bill will enhance penalties for  anyone who intentionally causes harm to our law enforcement officers.   I can tell you after dedicating 40 years of my life to law  enforcement, I know what officers go through every day when they put  that uniform on, say goodbye to their families, and walk out the door  to protect their communities.   Sadly, we have seen a recent rash in increase in violence against  officers, especially in ambush-style attacks. In fact, just last month  in Florida, Sergeant Noel Ramirez and Deputy Taylor Lindsey were eating  lunch and were specifically targeted and assassinated in that  restaurant simply because they were police officers and wore that blue  uniform. They are not alone. So far this year, 87 law enforcement  officers have been shot in the line of duty, 28 of whom ultimately lost  their lives.   Mr. Speaker, this is a 75-percent increase over last year. For this  reason, I introduced bipartisan legislation with my good friend and  former Orlando police chief, Representative Val Demings, that will  ensure that there are the strongest possible penalties for anyone who  decides to target and harm  [[Page H4011]]  not only Federal law enforcement officers but also local and State law  enforcement officers.   We worked on this bill closely with the Fraternal Order of Police,  and I am proud to have earned the support of the National Association  of Police Organizations, the Sergeants Benevolent Association, and the  Major County Sheriffs of America, which represents thousands of  officers across the country.   This week, we remember the officers who have given their lives  protecting our communities, and we, as Members of Congress, must show  the law enforcement community across the country that we support them  and the important work that they do day in and day out.    We must also show those who wish to target police officers with  violence that those attacks will not be tolerated. I urge all Members  to join me in supporting this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I should mention--I think I would be remiss if I  didn't--that just yesterday morning, in Jacksonville, Florida, as  mentioned earlier by my good friend from Washington, Dave Reichert-- Sheriff Reichert--held a moment of silence for those officers who have  given their lives in service to this community. Yesterday morning,  about 4 o'clock in the morning during a horrible storm in Jacksonville,  Officer Lance Whitaker gave his life on Law Enforcement Memorial Day in  service to our community.   I have to say, Police Week and Law Enforcement Memorial Day always  remind me of the words of Ralph Waldo Emerson, who said that the  purpose in life is not to be happy; it is to be useful. It is to be  honorable. It is to be compassionate, and it is to know that you made a  difference because you lived and you lived well.   Mr. Speaker, I offer this bill in memory of Officer Lance Whitaker,  who died yesterday morning living well.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for this  opportunity, and I thank Ranking Member Walz for such bipartisan  support and work on this bill. I am very proud to serve on this  committee because of the kind of work that goes on here under the  leadership of Chairman Roe.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to cosponsor this bill. I can tell you, since  coming to Congress, I have had the distinct honor of serving with Dr.  Roe, our chairman, and colleagues on the House Veterans' Affairs  Committee, and during this time, we on the committee have heard  from veterans services organizations, from the Veterans Administration,  and from veterans themselves about the challenges in the VA healthcare  system.    We have learned about the barriers to timely care, the troubling  provider shortage, also the lack of prompt payment to our community  providers, and so many other issues.   I am proud to say that I believe this is, in the words of 38 VSOs who  wrote in strong support of this legislation, truly a ``historic  opportunity to improve the lives of veterans, their families, and their  caregivers.''   That is one reason I am very proud to be on this committee. I think  this is a historic move.   It is our duty as legislators and as Americans to ensure that our  veterans receive the best care possible. This bill accomplishes that by  streamlining community care programs; improving access to timely care;  funding the Choice Program; and, until this new program can be  implemented, creating a fair access review process, greatly expanding  the VA caregiver program, and improving VA's own in-house capacity.   One item that I would like to thank the leaders in both Chambers for,  but especially Dr. Roe and his staff and the White House, is including  in this language on provider recruitment and retention within the VA,  sections 301, 303, and 304 of this bill, which is language that I had  asked to have placed in there.   These provisions expand the tools the VA can use to recruit and  retain quality providers by requiring the use of scholarships and  improving and expanding the loan repayment system that targets newly  graduated medical students.   