 Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Brady for his  steadfast leadership in finding a solution to this crisis.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6, the SUPPORT for  Patients and Communities Act. I am pleased that we are voting on this  legislation today, which includes important reforms to Medicare and  Medicaid policies, to help combat the opioid crisis in our country.   Mr. Chairman, the opioid crisis has affected every segment of our  Nation's population. Every Member of this Chamber has a community in  crisis. Each and every day, 115 Americans die from opioid overdoses. We  are talking about valued members of our communities: mothers, fathers,  and, especially, so many young children who have left us way too early  because of the tragedy of opioids.   As I travel across my district in Michigan, I hear frequently from  constituents about this crisis at townhall meetings and roundtables I  have hosted. I have heard personal stories from constituents about the  devastating impact this crisis is having in southeast Michigan.   I have also been meeting with elected officials across the district  on this crisis, including firefighters, police officers, emergency  responders, and medical professionals. They all want me to do  something, do it urgently, and for Congress to be involved.   While there is no silver bullet to address this issue, I am pleased  that over the past several weeks the House has passed over 70 bills to  address the opioid crisis. It includes the legislation that I authored,  the STOP Act, to stop the flow of synthetic opioids into the country.   H.R. 6 will do more than that. It will expand the Medicare coverage  for opioid treatment services, like substance abuse counseling,  individual and group therapy, and medication-assisted treatment. These  reforms will empower our Americans to overcome addiction and once again  become productive members of our society.   Mr. Chairman, again, I thank Chairman Brady and Chairman Walden for  [[Page H5522]]  their leadership in crafting this legislation, and for their steadfast  leadership to address the opioid crisis.   