 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, I am deeply saddened that the words I am  about to deliver even need to be said in the first place, but I have to  ask: How can we possibly continue to move forward or, as in the  majority leader's own words, ``plow right through'' to confirm a  lifetime appointment on our Nation's Supreme Court in the wake of both  credible allegations of sexual misconduct leveled against the nominee  Brett Kavanaugh and serious questions concerning his judicial  temperament?   Republicans are ignoring very real questions about his credibility  and are intent on hiding his record. Even worse, they are in such a  rush that most of them did not even want the FBI to reopen Judge  Kavanaugh's background check to help us get to the bottom of this, and  when the FBI did reopen the investigation, the White House limited its  scope so much it did not follow multiple credible leads.   Now we as Senators have barely 24 hours to review their findings  before scrambling to a vote.   As the whole Nation watches, what message is the U.S. Senate sending  to our children, to women, to victims of sexual assault about the  values we stand for? Do they not matter? Is this the society that we  want our sons and daughters to grow up in? We all know full well the  weight of who fills this deciding vote on our Nation's highest Court.    Whomever we confirm as our next Supreme Court Justice will decide  major cases that shape the daily lives of Americans for decades to  come, but this is not a time for simply thinking about the judicial  philosophies that we believe should shape opinions on the bench. I have  made it clear that I oppose Judge Kavanaugh's nomination based on the  substance of his views and the broken process being used to rush this  nomination through the Senate on a partisan basis.   From the very start, Republicans have pushed this nomination through  at a breakneck pace, hiding from the public Judge Kavanaugh's record  and the dangerous consequences of his extreme views on many important  issues. That willful blindness, the absence of a thorough vetting  process, and the mad dash to hastily confirm their nominee at all costs  before this fall's election has led us to the crisis that we face  today.   This has now become an even more fundamental test of how seriously we  as Senators take our duty of advice and consent on enormously  consequential Presidential appointments.   Multiple women have come forward publicly to accuse Brett Kavanaugh  of sexual misconduct. While we will never be able to adjudicate these  allegations in the same way as a criminal proceeding, we have an  obligation to weigh these accusations carefully and seriously as we  consider Judge Kavanaugh's fitness to serve on the Supreme Court.   I, for one, after reviewing all of the information that we have and  after listening to the testimony last week before the Judiciary  Committee, have to say clearly and forcefully that I believe Dr. Ford.  When a victim of sexual assault comes forward to make a harrowing  allegation like this, it takes tremendous courage, and it shouldn't be  dismissed. Under incredible duress and at a great personal cost, Dr.  Ford came forward to share the painful details of how Brett Kavanaugh  assaulted her while she was in high school. I don't know how anyone  watching her testimony could question her sincerity or the seriousness  of her experience, but some Republicans seem to be following President  Trump's lead here and are choosing to jeer and dismiss Dr. Ford rather  than take her testimony seriously. As I have said before, all of the  sexual assault allegations made against Judge Kavanaugh deserve a  thorough professional investigation by the FBI before proceeding with  any vote on his nomination to the highest Court in the land.   I was relieved to see my colleague Senator Flake of Arizona speak up  and call for a delay to seek a more thorough FBI investigation.  Unfortunately, once again, the rush to get a predetermined outcome has  undermined the integrity of the process.   Dr. Ford told us that she was absolutely willing to participate in an  FBI investigation to get to the bottom of Judge Kavanaugh's alleged  assault, but according to her, she was not even interviewed by the FBI  as part of this reopened investigation. The FBI did interview another  accuser, Deborah Ramirez, who has alleged that Judge Kavanaugh exposed  himself to her during her freshman year at Yale. However, dozens of  others sought to bring evidence forward and the FBI ignored their  willingness to offer testimony. Again, key witnesses, including Judge  Kavanaugh and Dr. Ford, were not even interviewed by the FBI. The FBI  was so constrained by the White House in this matter that I would not  call this an investigation.   This is unjust. This sends a harrowing message to women and girls all  around the Nation who have been victims of sexual violence. We must not  toss aside a fair and impartial process in favor of a hurried political  endgame. Before we take one of the most consequential votes that any of  us will ever take, shouldn't we want to get to the bottom of this?   Even beyond what we could learn from a real investigation, there is  already reason to doubt Judge Kavanaugh's credibility and his candor.   Despite the fact that the White House tried to limit the scope of the  FBI's work so drastically that I wouldn't characterize it as an  investigation, the FBI's report still manages to raise very serious  questions about Judge Kavanaugh's truthfulness. During his confirmation  process, Judge Kavanaugh began by misleading the Senate on small  things. He misled the Senate on consequential questions about his time  in the Bush White House. Last week, when faced with serious questions  about the sexual assault allegations and questions about his character,  Judge Kavanaugh dodged, dismissed and ranted. He was not able to refute  the serious accusations leveled against him, and neither did the FBI  report. Based on what we have heard since from people who knew him at  the time, there is substantial reason to believe that he was not being  truthful about his conduct.   If Dr. Ford's testimony is the truth--and I believe it is--then Judge  Kavanaugh should be disqualified from serving on the Supreme Court.   Once again, I fully acknowledge the stakes of this nomination. I  understand how much my Republican colleagues want to appoint someone  they agree with on important issues that may come before this Court,  but we cannot--we should not--rush to confirm a man to a lifetime  appointment to the highest Court in the land under such a dark cloud of  credible allegations--not  [[Page S6533]]  to such a critical seat at such a critical time.   Last week's hearing should have been the beginning of looking into  this serious allegation, not the end. If there is nothing to hide and  if there is information that would exonerate Judge Kavanaugh from the  accusations that have been leveled against him, then a real indepth  investigation would help us reach those conclusions. Instead,  Republicans continue to rush this process and press forward with a  predetermined set of conclusions. It makes one wonder if my Republican  colleagues actually want to know the truth.   We cannot allow these allegations to be swept under the rug. The  message that would send to victims of sexual assault and abuse would be  devastating. It would effectively state to them that even if they come  forward, there will be no justice; that they will be ignored or, worse  yet, mocked, in the case of the President. All people regardless of  gender, sexual orientation, or ethnic background should have the same  right to live free from domestic and sexual violence.   I am truly stunned that we are moving forward with this confirmation  vote. If we can't pause to make sure we get this right, the institution  of the Supreme Court will lose the public's faith as an embodiment of  justice. So I will ask one more time: What are we doing here? Can we  not do better than this?   I think we must. The integrity of the highest Court in the land hangs  in the balance. What we stand for as a nation hangs in the balance.   