 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment would strip all funding  authorizations for the overseas contingency operations fund for fiscal  year 2019, saving the American taxpayers $69 billion, but that is just  the tip of the iceberg.   The overseas contingency fund has been called out by many, myself  included, and including Democrats and Republicans and liberals and  conservatives, that this OCO budget is nothing but a slush fund for the  purpose of circumventing the Budget Control Act in order to fund these  endless wars of choice and the so-called nation-building that has been  so costly to our country and our people in blood and in treasury.   As a result of the Cost of War Act, sponsored by our good friend   John Lewis in 2016, we now have a more elaborate and adequate picture  of how much these endless wars are costing us.   You will see from the chart that I have here that we are now involved  in conflicts in 76 different countries all over the world. That is  right. Forty-six percent of the countries in the world are involved in  one kind of a conflict or another, and we have gotten ourselves  involved in those.   Twenty-two of them happen to be in the Middle East, in Africa, where  I have a little background to qualify myself on this. I lived in the  Middle East. I have studied the language. I have got a fairly good idea  what has been happening and what is going on there. So what I would  like you to do is to just bear with me and look at the numbers as a  result of that cost of war resolution.   Watson Institute for International and Public Affairs at Brown  University estimated we spent $5.6 trillion on these so-called wars of  choice, that we have an additional $7.9 trillion going forward just on  the interest paying for those costly wars, and that we have $2 trillion  going forward to take care of the veterans.   That is right, the men and women who stood up to serve and protect  us. They suffered irreparable damage. They lost arms. They lost legs.  They had irreparable damage to their bodies and minds and spirits.  Twenty-three of them are committing suicide every day. This totals up  to be a little over $15 trillion.   I don't have time in my 5 minutes to go through it, but I could tell  you in detail how we have been on every side of every one of these  conflicts at one time or another, and it is time to put an end to it.  We have so many unmet domestic needs in this country.   You all know, as Members of Congress, we need more money for  infrastructure. We need more money for education. We need more money  for healthcare. We need more money for mental health. We need more  money for this and that, and indeed we do, but the money is not there.   That is the answer all the time: No, we don't have money to spend at  the National Institutes of Health or anyplace else.   Why? Well, show me your budget. Show me your budget, and I will show  you your priorities. $15 trillion has gone into the endless wars of  choice, making ourselves the policemen of the world, so-called nation- building of the world.   Well, let's think about it. For one of those trillion we could have  graduated every kid in America from college debt free. Don't tell me we  can't afford to do that.   For another one of those trillion dollars, there is another trillion  for infrastructure. Don't tell me we don't have the money to do that.   For another one of those trillion dollars maybe we find a cure for  cancer or diabetes or Alzheimer's or the mental health treatment that  is needed throughout this country. And guess what? We would still have  $12 trillion left.   Give America a tax break. Put some money down toward deficit  reduction. Maybe take care of some of the other unmet human needs in  this country. That is what this is all about.   Are we going to be standing here 10 years from now? We just elected  two Presidents in a row that got elected because they were going to  stop these wars in the Middle East, these endless wars of choice. You  can quarrel with my numbers if you like, but President Trump just came  out and said Afghanistan and Iraq, alone, cost $7 trillion.   It is hard to get these numbers out, but thanks to  John Lewis and  the Cost of War Act, we are getting a look at it.   My friends, two things: one, there are a lot of things in life you  would like to do and you can't afford, and that is the case here. It is  going to bankrupt this country. Two, there are things you do that  create more problems than they solve, and that is the same with these  endless wars of choice. It is time to put an end to it.   We hear Republicans and Democrats and liberals and conservatives all  over the country. They are in unanimous agreement. Two Presidents got  elected because they were going to get us out of these wars, and the  wars continue. The only way we are going to stop them is to stop  funding them, and that is what my amendment is all about.   Please support it, and please pass it.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   