 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, S. 756, the Save Our Seas Act, promotes continued  national and international efforts to address the growing amount of  marine debris entering the ocean environment.   The dean of the House, the gentleman who yielded to me, Mr.  Don  Young, our esteemed colleague from Alaska, sponsored the House  companion bill. I thank our longstanding colleague for all of his  efforts to move this legislation through committee and to the House  floor.   Marine debris is pervasive and persistent, remaining in the ocean for  years and negatively impacting the ocean environment.   S. 756 urges the administration to support research and development  on systems and materials that would reduce the amount of waste that  enters the ocean and work with nations that discharge large amounts of  solid waste into the ocean by sharing technologies and infrastructure  to prevent, reduce, or mitigate those land-based sources from entering  the marine environment.   The bill also allows the Administrator of NOAA to designate, respond  to, and assist in the cleanup of severe marine debris events.   Title II of the bill is the Maritime Safety Act. The text came from  H.R. 6175, a bill ordered reported from the Transportation and  Infrastructure Committee. I sponsored this bill with the ranking member  of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Committee, Mr.  Garamendi, my esteemed colleague from California, as a cosponsor.   The bill addresses maritime safety issues that were raised in the  Commandant of the Coast Guard's final action memo in response to the  tragic sinking of the El Faro. A few of the required actions include:  timely weather forecasts, not too complicated; emergency safety gear  with locator beacons, so we can find the crew after the vessel has  sunk; and float-free voyage data recorders with integrated emergency  position indicating beacons.   The measures included in this title should promote safer vessel  transit and, if needed, would assist the Coast Guard in its rescue  operations.   Sadly, we were reminded again last week, by the events in Missouri,  the dangers of going out in the open water, even in a relatively  protected environment. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families  of the loved ones who lost their lives in the tragic incident.   Tragedies like this and, sadly, others in recent history remind us  that we must remain vigilant and committed to improving maritime safety  to protect those who go out on the water for their livelihood or for  recreation.   Title III of the bill allows the Coast Guard to establish a Blue  Technology center of expertise. This title is the text of H.R. 6206, as  reported by the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. Mr.  Garamendi sponsored the legislation, and I am an original cosponsor of  the bill.   The ranking member and I have a strong interest in Blue Technology  and how it can assist the Coast Guard in performing its multitude of  missions better and more cost effectively. The center created by this  legislation will provide a venue for the Coast Guard to interface with  industry on existing and up-and-coming technologies that could be used  by the service in conducting its missions. It is an important component  in bringing the Coast Guard into the modern technological world.   I thank the chairman of the committee, Mr. Shuster, for this  leadership, and Mr. DeFazio and, especially, Mr. Garamendi for their  leadership and cooperation in getting these bills out of committee and  to the floor today.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Alaska (Mr. Young), dean of the House, a gentleman that has been  working maritime issues because he represents all of Alaska. Whether it  is fisheries, energy exploration, to pollution, Mr.  Don Young from  Alaska knows what he is talking about probably more than anybody in  this body.   (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was given permission to revise and  extend his remarks.)    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   First off, thanks to Mr. Garamendi. If there are two more folks in  this Congress from opposite sides of the aisle that disagree on some  things sometimes, but agree as much as possible and as much as we do on  the things that we are working on, I would be surprised. And I would  like to just thank him so much for his work and for coming up with  great legislation, great ideas, and pushing this forward.   There is an old military saying that if you control the ocean, you  control the world. And just as serious of a sense, if you destroy the  ocean, you destroy the world. I think that is one reason this bill is  so important.   S. 756 promotes action to address the marine debris, catastrophic  issues that we face now that will only get worse. It increases maritime  vessel safety so you will not have another tragic incident like you had  with the El Faro. And it establishes a Blue Technology center of  expertise so we can help the Coast Guard work smarter and not harder  with their limited funds. I urge all Members to support it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   