 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the first three words of our Constitution  are, ``We the People.'' This is the mission statement of the United  States of America. Our government was set up not to create a government  by and for the powerful and the privileged but by and for the people of  the United States and, as Jefferson put it, the government would  reflect the will of the people. It is quite a different concept from  many of the European governments that operated directly for the benefit  of the best-off or the wealthy and well connected.   We have seen a corruption of the American Constitution. We have seen  it turned on its head, with government implemented by and for the rich  and powerful, time after time over this last year.   What did we see in 2017? We saw much of the year spent destroying  healthcare for 22 million to 30 million Americans and increasing the  cost of healthcare for everyone else--certainly not reflecting the will  of the people--and then we saw a tax bill taking $1.5 trillion from our  children and our grandchildren and giving it to the richest of  Americans, the largest bank heist in world history.   Well, now we have another assault on ``we the people'' government. S.  2155 undoes a lot of the work to create a financial system for America  to thrive, for families to thrive, and restores the lack of regulation  and high-leveraged bets that brought the economy down in 2007 and 2008.   When the economy came down, the wealthy and well-off did quite well.  They picked up properties at pennies on the dollar, but who was hurt?  The American people were hurt. The American workers were hurt. They  lost their jobs. They lost their retirements. Certainly, they lost so  much in terms of the financial foundation for their families. Yet here  we are again. We seem to have forgotten that when you let the big banks  rampage through our economy, you are setting the stage for another big  mess--high-risk gambling on Wall Street, destroying Americans'  financial lives, lost homes, lost jobs, and lost retirement savings.   When we passed Dodd-Frank, the principle was, never again will we let  the Wall Street casino crash our economy. Well, ``never'' hasn't lasted  very long.   In the bill before us, section 203 exempts financial institutions-- smaller banks with assets under $10 billion--from the Volcker rule.  What was the Volcker rule? The Volcker rule was a firewall that said:  Take deposits to make loans but don't engage in high-risk, high- leverage bets on the future price of stocks or the future price of  currencies. Those are called derivatives, those bets on those future  prices. Those are appropriate in a hedge fund. If somebody wants to  compile money for millionaires and billionaires and make bets on the  future prices, then go ahead and gamble in your hedge fund, but don't  do it in our banks.   So now we have this bill that says: Well, let's open the door to  reestablishing the Wall Street casino but just not on Wall Street;  let's do it on our small banks. Well, what was bad and risky for big  banks is bad for small banks. Should they put their money into loans to  help the rural economy thrive or should they make big bets on future  prices casino-style? This bill opens up small banks to being casinos.  It is the wrong way to go.   Then there is section 401 on capital requirements. It takes  enormously large banks up to $250 billion in size and repeals the  requirement for living wills. It repeals the requirement for annual  stress tests to make sure the capital is truly being set aside and the  bank is being operated in an appropriate fashion for a depository  institution.   Former Deputy Treasury Secretary and Federal Reserve Governor Sarah  Bloom Raskin said granting the Fed control for the stress test, rather  than having them annually, is ``legislative fool's gold.'' That is the  expert talking about the foolishness of eliminating stress tests.   In addition, it lowers capital standards. So often I have heard folks  come to this floor saying, ``We don't need so much regulation. Let's  just increase the capital standards,'' but this bill does the opposite.  It impacts 25 of the 38 largest U.S. banks, which together hold $3.5  trillion in assets. This is clearly a situation that creates enormous  risks for our economy. Who will pay the price? Working America will pay  the price. Build the bubble, burst the bubble, and the boom goes down  on middle-class America.   Then there is section 402. Section 402 is related to globally  systemically important banks. They are referred to by the initials  GSIBs--globally systemically important banks. Then there are custodial  banks. Those banks received $5 billion in Federal bailout money during  the financial crisis. They want to escape the supplemental leverage  ratio that was designed to decrease the risk. Each megabank has to have  enough tier 1 capital to satisfy an SLR--a supplemental leverage  ratio--but custody banks want relief so they don't have to hold as much  common stock--common stock, which is tier 1 capital, but shoehorned  into this are Citi and JPMorgan. CBO says the following: ``There is a  50% chance that regulators would allow two other financial  institutions--JPMorgan and Citibank, with combined assets of $4.4  trillion--to adjust their SLRs under the terms in this bill.'' In other  words, higher leverage ratios, lower capital, exactly the kinds of  things that imperiled our economy previously, and yet that is right in  the heart of this bill.   What about consumer protection? Let's turn to section 107, which  grants exemption from key mortgage lending protections for the buyers  of manufactured homes. Manufactured homes are put on a foundation and  sold as regular homes. Then you have modular homes. This provision  expands it to modular homes. It would reduce consumer protections of  the part of the market that disproportionately serves low- and very  low-income Americans and rural America. Do we really want to strip the  consumer protections for lower income Americans and rural Americans  when buying a home? No, we don't, which is why this provision should  not be in this bill. It is why this provision is a bad idea.   One more section of the bill; that is, HMDA reporting--Home Mortgage  Disclosure Act reporting.   The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau required expanded data  reporting because it allows you to see where the rules might be being  broken on predatory lending. It allows you to see where there might be  an engagement in discriminatory lending. But this bill says that we are  not going to get that data anymore. We are not going to get the data  that would help us identify illegal redlining, for example, and that  this exemption would apply to 85 percent of the reporting institutions  that are covered by the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act.   Most of this information is data that is already collected. Reporting  it provides an understanding about redlining, about discrimination,  about discriminatory practices. If you don't have the information,  those things get  [[Page S1419]]  hidden. That is damaging to America's families.   That is quite a list of things that are wrong with this bill. This  bill has been presented as remedies for small banks, but, as my  colleagues just noticed from these items, what we see are the ripping  aside of consumer protections and a whole lot that is being demanded by  the big banks that want less capital and higher leverage.   Let's do a bill for smaller banks. Let's understand that more  flexibility is appropriate in rural areas. Let's observe that more  flexibility in the types of mortgages might be appropriate in small  banks in small communities where those loans are portfolioed. Democrats  came forward with a whole list of these things to help small banks, but  what do we have from our Republican leadership? A bill designed for  Wall Street. A bill designed for Wall Street, for the wealthy and the  well-connected. It is not designed to help ordinary Americans.   Ordinary Americans are plagued by the challenges of discrimination,  and this makes it worse; or redlining, and this makes it worse; or  predatory practices, and this makes it worse. They are also plagued by  high-interest payday loans. What does this bill do to take on the 500- percent interest rates that every society across the globe has  recognized are incredibly destructive, sucking people into a vortex of  debt and destroying families? This body right here said that they are  so destructive, we cannot allow these high-interest loans to be given  to our servicemembers because they destroy our service families.  Shouldn't we stand up for all of our families in America? If something  is so predatory and so destructive to our service families that we say  it is illegal, shouldn't we make those same loans illegal for  everybody?   Do you see anything in this bill related to ``we the people''? Very  little. The ``we the people'' bill the Democrats put forward was  rejected, and what we have is this Wall Street bill for lower capital,  more leverage, more predatory practices. That is just not right.   I hold a lot of townhalls. I hold 36 townhalls a year, 32 of them in  very red counties. Not one person in over 300 townhalls has come up to  me and said: Get rid of the regulations on Wall Street because we want  them to be able to do more low-capital, high-leverage bets and put our  economy at risk. Nobody in America advocates building another bubble on  high-risk leverage.   So what are we doing with this bill? What we are doing is making a  mistake. We should defeat this assault on the effort to have a  financial system in America that is designed to serve the mission of  the United States, the ``we the people'' mission of the United States  of America.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern,  Arif Hasan, be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of the  day.   