 Mr. Speaker, I would like to first thank my ranking  member, Marcy Kaptur, for her efforts and input as we have worked  through this bill over the past year and developed and completed the  final fiscal year 2018 Energy and Water Development and Related  Agencies Appropriations bill. I would also like to acknowledge the work  of our Senate partners, Lamar Alexander and Dianne Feinstein.   I rise today in support of the fiscal year 2018 omnibus  appropriations bill. It was negotiated in a bipartisan manner, but the  end result has a strong emphasis on Republican priorities. Within the  Energy and Water Development division specifically, those priorities  include national security and infrastructure.   Funding for DOE's nuclear weapons security programs is at $14.7  billion, an increase of $1.7 billion above last year and $738 million  above the budget request. These funds will ensure the reliability and  effectiveness of our nuclear weapons stockpile and will address a  backlog of deferred maintenance at aging nuclear weapons facilities.   The bill makes targeted investments to protect our Nation's energy  infrastructure against cyber and other attacks, including an increase  of $18 million above last year's level for research and development  activities to strengthen the security of our electric grid.   In total, the Energy and Water Development bill increases funding for  energy and water resources infrastructure by $1.5 billion above fiscal  year 2017. That includes an increase of almost $800 million for the  Army Corps  [[Page H2020]]  of Engineers to address pressing needs at our ports and waterways and  to increase public safety through flood and storm damage reduction  activities. The bill exceeds the annual target for harbor maintenance  trust fund activities by providing $1.4 billion--which represents 94  percent of the estimated annual revenues, compared to the WRRDA 2014  target of 74 percent.   The Bureau of Reclamation is funded at $1.47 billion, including $134  million for water storage projects authorized under the WIIN Act, $55  million for additional water conservation and delivery projects, and  $66.5 million above the budget request for rural water projects.   The bill provides strong support for basic science research, with  total funding of $6.26 billion for the Department of Energy's Office of  Science, an increase of $868 million above last year. Nuclear energy  and fossil energy are also increased above last year, with $188 million  and $59 million respectively.    Mr. Speaker, these research and development activities  will advance the Nation's goal of an all-of-the-above energy solution  and energy independence. I encourage my colleagues to support this.   I would also like to take just a second to thank my colleague,  Chairman Calvert, for his work on the wildfire funding fix, a bill that  I have been working on since 2013, and which Congressman Schrader and I  have introduced for the last 3 years. The Interior, Environment, and  Related Agencies Subcommittee and their staff have done a fantastic job  of getting it in there. This is very important to the West.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   