 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, let me say at the outset to the chairman and  ranking member, that I do not intend to ask for a recorded vote on this  measure. I thought earlier today that I would withdraw the amendment,  but in light of the fact that we are here in the middle of the night, I  decided I may as well make my point.   Mr. Chairman, my amendment would increase funding for cybersecurity  of the electric power grid by $5 million, offset by reductions in  fossil energy research and development.   Like almost everyone in this body, I am deeply concerned about the  cybersecurity of our Nation's electric power grid.   I don't know how many of you know that yesterday there was a major  outage--that hadn't reached the news, for some reason--of the Comcast  telephone network. I don't think there was anything untoward with  reference to it, at least it hadn't been reported.   The mere fact is that we are more reliant than ever on this Nation's  power grid to provide electricity to the massive amount of technologies  that contribute to our country every single second: cellular  communications equipment; heating and cooling to our workplaces-- especially cooling in this particular workplace that seems to be  overused, in my opinion--and homes; lights to guide us at night on  highways; and on and on.   While we have never been more dependent on electricity, our electric  energy grid has never been as vulnerable as it is today.   With the rise of nation-state-supported computer hackers in countries  like Russia, China, Iran, North Korea, and the rogue hackers, the  computers that control our power networks are increasingly seen as the  most impactful targets for those who wish to do us harm.   Outages from such attacks will cause harm not only to our national  security, but our economic stability as well. They will hurt, to name  just a few, hospitals, banks, factories, financial networks, water  systems, telecommunications, and military bases.   I believe that we must work with those who operate our grid to give  them the tools they need to detect and prevent malicious actors from  causing damage to our electric system and critical infrastructure.   This funding of $5 million that I would request, and will again  somewhere, is just a fraction of what is needed, but it sends a signal  at least that we are serious about addressing this vulnerability, and  that is my purpose here this evening.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   