 Mr. President, yesterday America witnessed another great  tragedy in the State of Florida, and of course our souls ache with what  must be unimaginable grief. As we turn to comfort those who lost so  much in Florida, I come to the floor of the Senate again, for the third  time in a little more than a month, to share the grief of Colorado, as  well as to honor the life and legacy of a fallen Colorado sheriff's  deputy.   El Paso County Sheriff's Deputy Micah Flick was shot and killed last  week while investigating a stolen car when he threw himself in front of  his fellow officers to shield them from gunfire. Sheriff's Deputy Scott  Stone, Sheriff's Sergeant Jacob Abendschan, and Colorado Springs Police  Officer Marcus Yanez, along with a bystander, were also wounded in the  attack.   A total of 10 law enforcement officers in Colorado have been wounded  or killed since December 31. On January 24, Adams County Sheriff's  Deputy Gumm was fatally wounded. Another assault on law enforcement  officers on New Year's Eve in Douglas County resulted in the death of  Jefferson County Sheriff's Deputy Parrish and wounded four other law  enforcement officers.   These three attacks left four children without fathers and countless  loved ones with a loss they will never forget.   Micah Flick was killed on his 11th anniversary with the El Paso  County Sheriff's Department and leaves behind a wife and 7-year-old  twins.   Micah was a hero who, according to the Colorado Springs Gazette, was  remembered by his brother-in-law as someone who ``never wanted to do  anything else but protect this community.'' His fellow sheriff's  deputies would always tease him that he was ``the poster boy of the  sheriff's office.''   Micah's wife Rachel captured her husband's heroism perfectly when she  explained how she would always tell him to just do his job and not be a  hero but understands that was not in his DNA. ``Micah was a hero, and  he couldn't help it,'' she said. Micah's fellow deputy who was wounded  in the attack confirmed Micah's heroism. Deputy Stone told Sheriff Bill  Elder: ``Micah saved my life, and I will be forever grateful.'' Micah  was a hero that day, and no one will ever forget that.   Unfortunately, I have come to this Chamber far too many times just  this year to honor a fallen Colorado law enforcement officer and repeat  the words  [[Page S1142]]  for the third time of LTC Dave Grossman, who wrote that American law  enforcement is the loyal and brave sheep dog, always standing watch for  the wolf that lurks in the dark.   We owe so much to Micah and his brothers and sisters in blue who  protect our communities each and every day. I know that all of our  families together sleep better at night knowing these heroes are out  protecting every single one of us.   Thank you, Micah, for answering the call. You protected your  community. You saved your fellow officers. You are a hero. And I, along  with Coloradans across the State, am forever grateful. Like your fellow  officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice, we will remember your  heroism for eternity and honor you and your family for your sacrifice.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   