 Mr. President, as we await the details of the  President's Executive order today, we know enough already to have  serious and significant concerns about the continuing policy of this  administration in dealing with asylum seekers coming across our  borders.   Make no mistake--ending family separation would be a welcomed and  humane step, but the solution cannot be the immoral and unlawful  detention and imprisonment of children. Family separation cannot be  replaced with  [[Page S4269]]  family incarceration and imprisonment. Indefinitely imprisoning  children and families is still inhumane and ineffective law  enforcement.   President Trump's current policy, as articulated in this Executive  order, will put children behind bars indefinitely and indiscriminately,  and that is intolerable in a free and democratic society. Children will  experience much of the same lasting trauma that they do now in the  current situation, and the world will continue to watch the spectacle  of the American Government locking up innocent children and throwing  away the key. Locking up innocent children indiscriminately and  indefinitely is a betrayal of American values.   Much like the policy of family separation, this new policy of  indefinite and indiscriminate family imprisonment hearkens back to the  worst days of our country's history.   Japanese children thrown into World War II-era detention camps were  imprisoned with their parents, but the days of history rightly judged  that decision harshly, and history will also judge us harshly if we  permit an inhumane and immoral policy to be carried out without our  protests and opposition. Instead, we must now shame the administration  into adopting a humane and moral policy.   This policy threatens to be costly. It will be costly in dollars and  cents. The estimate is, approximately, almost $800 per day for every  incarcerated person or detained individual. Even more costly will be  the undermining of our moral authority and our image around the world  and our own sense of offending our basic morality, our image of  ourselves, and our sense of our own morality must be offended by  imprisoning, indefinitely and indiscriminately, families with their  children.   There are alternatives. One is stronger oversight and supervision  over families who can be released without danger of flight or physical  violence. These programs have been tried, and they have been proven  successful. Family case management efforts have produced appearance  rates above 90 percent, and those alternatives must be explored instead  of detaining and incarcerating, indefinitely and indiscriminately,  children with their families.   The world and all of us were repulsed by the images of children  separated from their families. Those sights and sounds were searingly  painful, but so must be children in cages and behind bars indefinitely,  without the basic services and respect for humanity that our great  Nation has epitomized.   At the core of the current administration policy is so-called zero  tolerance, which results in criminal prosecution of the asylum seekers.  The President has recognized the public outrage and yielded to it, but  the policy of zero tolerance will continue.   The current approach of detaining and incarcerating these children  indefinitely likely violates court orders issued in 1997 and 2016, but  indefinite and indiscriminate imprisonment of children and families  ought to violate, as well, our rules of morality and humanity.   I urge the administration to explore alternatives, to work with  Congress on real reform, to support the legislation that has been  supported by every Democrat in this body that would, in effect, avoid  imprisonment of immigrant families.   Beyond that legislation, we should pass compassionate and  comprehensive immigration reform that provides a pathway to citizenship  for the 11 million undocumented immigrants currently living in the  shadows and improves the due process right so that adjudication is  fairer and more effective.   We must shame this administration to do what is right--to end zero  tolerance and support changes to our immigration system that represent  the best in America, not as the House bills to be voted on today or  tomorrow reflect the worst.   We are here on World Refugee Day, appropriately. We ought to  acknowledge the remarkable journey of refugees and asylum seekers as  they pursue freedom and opportunity over the immense obstacles they  encounter. We should recognize their contributions to our country, the  talents and energy they bring here. We should recognize the  humanitarian importance of refugee resettlement programs nationwide.   Though victims of global conflict come here from all parts of the  world, almost all of these refugees are also resilient survivors who  embrace their new lives and contribute to their communities, even after  these harrowing journeys to the United States. Too often we fail to  recognize their contributions to American communities, but today we  celebrate all that they offer.   Today, on World Refugee Day, we commemorate that Connecticut, since  2005, has resettled 7,000 refugees--our small State, with 3\1/2\  million people from all over the world, particularly in major  resettlement cities like Bridgeport, Hartford, and New Haven.   Today, proudly, I wish to share some of the stories from refugees who  have made Connecticut their home and highlight the important work my  constituents are doing to support refugees. There are several refugee  agencies throughout Connecticut that serve as a key touchstone for  these refugees by providing essential case management and employment  services. I am proud of these organizations and am grateful for the  work they do.   IRIS--Integrated Refugee & Immigrant Services--is Connecticut's  largest refugee resettlement and immigrant services organization  headquartered in New Haven. Volunteers welcome and resettle refugee  families in over 35 of Connecticut's towns. Likewise, the Connecticut  Institute for Refugees and Immigrants, located in Bridgeport, assists  refugees and immigrants in resolving legal, economic, linguistic, and  social barriers as they integrate into their communities.   Let me tell you about the journey of Issa, Aminah, and their three  children. They resettled in Westville, CT, the night of the 2016  Presidential election. This family fled Syria to Jordan after one of  their members was abducted and beaten by the regime. When they arrived  in the United States, Issa started working as a parking attendant at a  hospital parking garage, and Aminah launched a thriving catering  business. Their children are thrilled to attend school again after  years of educational disruption caused by their displacement.   Let me tell you about Rafid. He was an electrical engineer in Baghdad  who worked with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers during military  operations in Iran. After he received death threats from insurgents, he  fled with his family to Jordan and then resettled in Connecticut, where  he works as a team leader at Schick Manufacturing in Milford. He also  started his own subcontracting company, Golden Gate CT, to create jobs  for other Connecticut residents. He is truly an entrepreneur in the  best sense of that word.    Francis and Evelyne fled persecution in Rwanda and the Democratic  Republic of the Congo to resettle in Bridgeport, CT. When they shared  their story with my office, they said: ``We understood that the  American Dream was alive in each of us if we wished to move forward and  work hard.'' Francis and Evelyne certainly embody that American dream.   Connecticut constituents have embraced these refugee families. They  have opened their hearts to these individuals and families who are  seeking nothing less than the American dream and escape from the trauma  of war, the violence of persecution, and the face of oppression. In the  face of unimaginable upheaval and horror, they have come to this  country and made that journey. I am grateful to them for their courage.   I wish to recognize one of my constituents who has demonstrated equal  courage and strength, a Trinity College professor, Janet Bauer. She has  dedicated her entire career to welcoming and integrating families. She  established the Hartford Global Migration Lab, which connects college  students and refugees. Through this program, Janet's students tutor at  Jubilee House and help children with their homework at the Hartford  Public Library.   Like her, Jean Silk, a coordinator with the Jewish Community Alliance  for Refugee Settlement, has also worked with refugees and done  immeasurable good. At a time of global conflict, when the horrors of  war are all too real every day, the Trump administration has capped  refugee resettlement at 45,000 this fiscal year--the lowest in American  history. Even with  [[Page S4270]]  this cap, the estimate is that the United States will resettle only  about 20,000 refugees this year.   Each of these numbers represents an individual human life transformed  by coming to this country, given new light and life. I hope the  administration will commit to resettling at least 75,000 refugees in  fiscal year 2019.   Again, as I close, I want to emphasize the importance of this day,  the historic significance of our turning a point and taking advantage  of an opportunity to do right and to do better than we have. I urge  that colleagues across the aisle join in supporting a policy that stops  indefinite and indiscriminate imprisonment of children. It may be with  their families, but it recalls the worst chapters in our history when  families were detained indiscriminately and indefinitely.   When the judgment of history is made, I hope we will be spared the  kind of blame that rightly went to previous generations who made the  wrong decision. Let us do what is best for America. Let us exemplify  the best in America.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to talk about the  President's Executive order about the separation of family policy and  about the incarceration of family policy that has now replaced it.  There are details that are unknown at this point about how this program  will be working as we go forward, but we know enough right now to have  the most serious and significant concerns about the President's  Executive order.   Every great nation--even the greatest Nation in the history of the  world like the United States of America--has moments of extraordinary  shame, times when it loses its moral compass, and it simply takes the  wrong direction. We can remember a number of them in our own Nation's  history. One of them was the internment of Japanese children who were  thrown into World War II-era detention camps and imprisoned, in effect,  with their parents. Almost every lawyer in the United States of America  and most citizens know the name Korematsu, and that is because it was a  moment of shame for this country.   Ending family separation--the process of tearing children away from  their moms and dads--is a welcomed and humane step, but the solution  should not be the indiscriminate and indefinite detention of children.  Family separation should not be replaced by family imprisonment. There  is no moral advantage to incarcerating children as opposed to tearing  them away from their parents. In fact, it is not only immoral, it is  illegal. The courts have said so on a number of occasions--in 1997, in  the Flores case, which is now well-known to everyone, but more  recently, in fact, as recently as 2016. The reason goes to the core of  our constitutional principle about how and when and whom we imprison,  how we take liberty away from people.   Indefinitely imprisoning children and families is still inhumane and  ineffective law enforcement. President Trump's current policies will  put children behind bars indefinitely and indiscriminately. Children  will experience many of the same enduring of trauma, pain, and harm.  The world will continue to watch the United States of America lock up  innocent children and throw away the key.   Much like the policy of family separation, this new policy of  indefinite and indiscriminate family detention harkens back to those  dark days, to those moments of shame in this country during World War  II. History will judge us as harshly if we fail to speak out and stand  up at this moment of testing. The gaze of history is upon us now. It is  upon the President. It is upon every Member of the U.S. Senate.   There are immense costs to this policy--$775 a day, per individual,  at these detention camps. Yet the costs are way beyond dollars and  cents; they are to the moral image and authority of this country and to  our self-image--the accountability to ourselves, to our own sense of  morality and humanity.   The world was outraged when it saw children being torn away from  parents, and now the President has acknowledged that his heart  responded as well. Yet soon--and I would predict very soon--we will see  images as striking, as stunning, and as repugnant as those images of  taking children away from their parents when we see those images of the  detention facilities, cages, and of children--young people behind bars  and packed beyond capacity--on military bases and other places that  were never designed to be holding facilities. The world will be  outraged by those images as well--of the sights and sounds of those  children.   We owe this new policy a special scrutiny and a strong sense of  outrage if it is what it seems like right now. We cannot remain silent  about the children who have been already separated from their parents.  Nothing in this Executive order--not a word--provides for the  reunification of the thousands of children who have already been  separated from their parents. What will happen to them? Where are they?  Where are their parents? How will they be reunited? What trauma will  they continue to endure? This policy remains as inhumane and cruel for  them as it was earlier today or this week.   All of us bear a responsibility in this moment. I urge my colleagues  to take this day--World Refugee Day--to commemorate the great work done  by brave individuals in this country who help to resettle refugees and  the refugees themselves who had the courage and strength to come here  after having made the journeys from shores far away and after having  overcome obstacles most of us have never confronted.   There are solutions other than putting children into detention camps.  There are release programs that involve oversight and supervision.  There is also a case management program that has been working, along  with other cities' efforts, that has been used for releasing them. We  should choose the least restrictive alternative, the least burdensome  one that best serves the purposes of law enforcement. Make no mistake,  we have that obligation not only as a matter of heart and morality but  also of law.   I yield the floor.   