 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 995.   As many of us have stood on this floor and said, We have planes that  can't fly, ships that can't sail, and troops that can't deploy.   Under the Obama administration, we saw an alarming trend where we  allowed our Armed Forces to be hollowed out, and we allowed a critical  readiness crisis to develop.   Over the last 2 years, members of the House Armed Services Committee  and others have fought tirelessly to ensure our military gets the level  of funding they need, not only to fix our current readiness crisis but  also to build up our force to a size to match the current threat  environment, which is the most complex one we have faced since World  War II.   While I am proud of the work we have done so far to raise the top  line Defense number, there is another critical piece to the puzzle.  Continuing resolutions are just as detrimental to our national security  as the Budget Control Act caps. Every day we don't pass the Defense  Appropriations bill, we are denying resources to our servicemembers and  making it harder for them to do their job.   Continuing resolutions and budgetary uncertainty also end up costing  the taxpayers more money. The Secretary of the Navy has said that the  Department of Navy alone wasted $4 billion since 2011 because of  continuing resolutions. That is $4 billion of real money that could  have been used to fund more ships, more planes, or more maintenance.   Under a continuing resolution, the Department of Defense and the  services are not allowed to enter into any new contracts. Every year we  have delayed the timelines of scheduled maintenance availabilities and  procurement schedules. All of these things are crucial to maintain  deployment rotation and ensure the U.S. presence is felt around the  world.   Compare this to your personal finances. For half the year you are  able only to pay your current expenses, like car payments and  utilities. You know you will get money later in the year for new things  you want to buy or invest in; however, you don't know how much you will  get or whether you will get it. Does that sound frustrating and  ineffective?   We have the world's greatest military. Yet, we are hamstringing them  with an irresponsible funding cycle. Let me put this in very blunt  terms. The inability of Congress to pass government funding bills on  time has endangered the health, safety, and lives of our  servicemembers. Just look at the aviation accidents and recent  collisions of Navy ships. These incidents can be blamed, at least in  part, on the readiness crisis.   As Members of Congress, we have a responsibility here. We are not the  ones on the front lines and deployed around the world, but we play an  integral role: getting those servicemembers their funding on time.   In a time where we face great power competition with Russia and  China, radical Islamic extremism in the Middle East, and Iran and North  Korea, there is no shortage of national security priorities.   Here, in the House, we have passed our Defense funding bill on time  yet again, but we need our colleagues in the Senate to follow suit. I  know it is a priority for my Alabama colleague, Senate Appropriations  Chairman Richard Shelby, to get our military funded, so I hope we can  do our job responsibly and on time.    Mr. Speaker, let's not let petty political games get in  the way of funding our Nation's military, protecting our  servicemembers, and ensuring the safety and security of the American  people. Let's pass this resolution and demonstrate our strong  commitment to passing a Defense funding bill before the end of the  fiscal year.   