 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Thank you, Mr. President.   I rise as many of my colleagues have this afternoon, and I have risen  on the same topic often to talk about our Dreamers.   Usually, when I have risen in the past, I have told stories about  Virginia Dreamers. We have about 13,000 Dreamers in Virginia. I have  highlighted stories of Dreamers from Latin America, Africa, Sweden, and  Asia. One of the students I talked about, Gloria Oduyoye, just  graduated from William & Mary Law School within the last month and thus  became the first Dreamer to be a law school graduate in Virginia and  one of the few Dreamers who attained a law degree in the United States.  I talked about her story.   Today I decided not to talk about stories of individuals again but to  try to put it in context, with the message really being that the time  is now to make a decision. We don't need more information. We just need  the will to act and do what I think is the right and the fair thing to  do because we have been at this discussion now--it is hard to believe  we have been at this discussion for 16 years.   The American public--Democrats, Republicans, and Independents-- overwhelmingly support a permanent solution for Dreamers. It is not  that we need to know anything more to solve this. We have been talking  about it for a very long time.   I want to encourage Members of this body and in the House who are  involved in the negotiation to come to an agreement and provide  permanent protection for the Dreamers before next Friday so that we can  protect this community, which is frightened because  [[Page S131]]  they are so worried about being deported or losing their ability to  work, to go to school, losing the ability to protect their families.  But it is more than just protecting people because they are frightened;  it is protecting them because, as I have seen in Virginia and in every  State, they so enrich this country.   The first version of the DREAM Act, it is hard to believe, was  introduced in 2001. The Senator from Illinois, Mr. Durbin, who has been  a champion of this and has my deepest admiration for his persistence in  this endeavor, introduced the first version of the DREAM Act together  with the senior Senator from Utah, Mr. Hatch.   The bill has evolved since then. It wasn't exactly the same as we are  contemplating now, but it was the first version of the bill. It sought  to repeal a provision of the 1996 immigration reform that prohibited  undocumented immigrants from eligibility for higher education. Instead,  what the bill, in its original version, did 17 years ago was to grant  permanent resident status to young, undocumented immigrants with a high  school degree or equivalent GED who fulfilled certain residence  requirements and did not have criminal records. That was the start of  this discussion. We are still looking for the permanent answer.   The DREAM Act first almost passed in 2007. It attained more than a  majority vote in the Senate, but it didn't get to the 60-vote  threshold, so that was insufficient for passage. In 2010, the House  passed the DREAM Act, but the Senate again failed to approve it with a  60-vote threshold.   In 2013, just a few months after I came to the Senate, we  contemplated, debated, discussed, voted upon comprehensive immigration  reform in June. I was kind of proud then. I was a young Senator, had  been here a couple of months and stood in my chair and offered a speech  on the floor of the Senate in Spanish to describe what was in the bill  for the 45 million Americans who get their news every day in the  Spanish language. After I was finished describing it, people came up to  me and said: Has anybody ever done that before? And I said: Frankly, I  don't know.   It turned out that it was the first time in the history of the body  that a speech had been given in a language other than English. But what  was important about that moment in June of 2013 was not the speech; it  was the vote. The package was comprehensive. It included not just the  DREAM Act but border security, assistance for employers to determine  the immigration bona fides of those applying for work. These are  reforms--an approval for people here on temporary protected status from  El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, Somalia, Sudan, and Haiti to become  permanent residents and then convert that into a path to citizenship.  That comprehensive immigration reform bill, in my view, represents the  Senate working at its best: a bipartisan working group, coming through  committee, coming to the floor with amendments. It passed this body  with 68 votes in favor.   It was evidence of the naivete of a young Senator at the time that I  assumed, of course, something was going to happen because it passed  here with 68 votes. I knew the House wouldn't do exactly what we did,  but I thought they would do something, and we would be conferencing it.  But alas, I was naive; that was not to happen.   We are now in a different place, and we have the ability to act.   I supported President Obama's actions in June of 2012 to protect  Dreamers--the DACA Program; and then later, the DAPA Program. I felt  that those actions were completely in accord with earlier Executive  actions Presidents had taken in the area of immigration.   Since June of 2012, 800,000 young people have achieved Dreamer  status. Some of them aren't so young anymore. I sometimes refer to them  as students and kids, but they are in the military, they are parents,  they are teachers, and they are active in their communities. As I said,  there are 13,000 in my State. DACA has allowed them to continue their  education, to work legally, and to remain in the only country they have  ever known.   I will say I was disappointed when President Trump in September  announced that he would terminate the program in 6 months--in March. I  felt like it was the breaking of a promise to these young people  because he had said, even as a candidate and then as President, that  Dreamers were good kids and that they wouldn't have anything to worry  about from him.   I will say there was one aspect of what the President said--I can't  just be critical without pointing out that there was one thing about  what he said that I thought was right. He said: And Congress should fix  it. I agreed with President Trump on that. I wish he hadn't terminated  the program, but he was right that this is something for Congress to  fix because anything done by Executive action, even fully within the  power of a President to take it, is subject to being changed by another  Executive. The lives and futures of these young people are such that we  shouldn't be scaring them about whether they are protected or maybe  back to being protected depending upon who was the occupant of the  White House.   That Presidential announcement in March, although I was disappointed,  on that core piece of it, that Congress should fix it, I think  President Trump was right and I think he is right. I think this is  something that Congress must fix, should fix, can fix, and we have all  the information about it to fix it right now.   It has been difficult and a little bit heartbreaking to talk to these  young people and their families about the fears they have. I don't live  under the fear of deportation. I don't live under the fear of my job  being taken away because of my status. I don't live under the fear of  my kids not being able to get instate tuition and instead having to pay  out-of-state or not being able to afford it at all. It is not a fear I  walk around with every day. It is hard to put yourself in somebody  else's shoes and experience the fear and even terror they are feeling  when you yourself don't have that same exposure.   I have spent a lot of time listening to these young people and their  parents in Northern Virginia and Richmond, especially, where I live,  and the fear they feel is very palpable, and the panic they feel is  very palpable, and I understand why. I think part of our job should not  be to increase anxiety and fear; part of our job should be--when we  can, when it is the right thing to do, when it is within our grasp--to  take action and provide clarity and certainty so people will know what  their status is. I think the time for that is now after 16 years.   Maybe the most important thing I am saying is that this is not a new  issue. It is not that we need another week or another month or another  year to figure out the answer. The first bill was introduced in 2001,  and I think January 19, 2018, is ample time for us to now get this  right and make it either part of the spending bills that we will do at  year-end or part of a stand-alone bill that we could embrace as a body.   I was heartened by some of the comments by the President, as reported  yesterday, during the meeting with bipartisan leadership at the White  House about this. We can do it, and the time is right to do it now. So  I would ask my colleagues and especially urge all those in the  negotiations to make this decision and provide these wonderful young  people with certainty about their future.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   