 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to voice my enthusiastic support for  the majority leader's announcement yesterday that we would be staying  in Washington through August. Already we have seen media reports that  our colleagues on the other side of the aisle are upset about having to  work through August recess. As Leader McConnell said, this action would  not have been necessary but for the historic obstruction by our  Democratic colleagues who have used every available tool to delay  confirmations of executive and judicial nominations.   To put the scale of their obstruction into perspective, Senate  Democrats have forced 101 procedural cloture votes on President Trump's  nominees in his first 18 months. By comparison, the previous 6  Presidents combined saw a total of only 24 cloture votes in their first  2 years. In other words, Democrats have somehow managed to fit 40  years' worth of obstruction into just 18 months.   Even more infuriating, after Democrats pretend to object to nominees  by calling for cloture, many of them later vote in favor of  confirmation, acknowledging that the nominees are qualified and worthy  of the Senate's support.   Take, for example, the case of Fernando Rodriguez Jr., a highly  qualified nominee to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District  of Texas. Fernando has spent the last few years serving in the  International Justice Mission combating sex trafficking and human  rights abuses. He also has 10 years of experience practicing law, not  to mention invaluable experience as an educator with Teach for America.   Yesterday, Democrats forced a cloture vote on Fernando Rodriguez to  slow down his confirmation but still voted to confirm him unanimously.  This is absurd. It seems my friends on the other side of the aisle want  to have their obstruction cake and eat it, too, but you can't have it  both ways.   These procedural slowdowns are a transparent charade, a cynical side  show meant to shore up support among the Democratic base. I would  remind my friends on the other side of the aisle that this Chamber is  meant for policy, not politics. We can campaign on the weekends, but  right now we have serious work to do.   I have to state that there are some reasons to be political sometimes  on the floor but not to the extent that we have been subjected to by  our friends on the other side. Democrats have wasted precious hours of  debate with their partisan grandstanding, and the country is worse off  because of it. While my colleagues posture and preen for audiences on  national TV, dozens of executive and judicial nominations remain  unfilled, bringing the important work of government to a halt.   Enough already. Enough of the games. Enough of the disingenuous  handwringing. Enough of the Twitter-tailored cable TV meltdowns. Let's  set our egos aside for one moment to get done what the American people  have sent us here to do.   I look forward to working through August to make up for lost time.  That is not to say that recess or instate work periods are unimportant.  Indeed,  [[Page S3020]]  connecting with constituents back home is the most important part of  our jobs.   Despite what some would have you believe, we work just as much during  recess as we do here in session, if not more. I travel around the State  meeting with as many Utahns as possible, normally breaking just long  enough for a quick meal at my favorite all-you-can-eat buffet. In 1 day  of recess, I can talk trade and tariffs with a group of Utah cattlemen  before meeting with health experts to learn more about medical  marijuana research, visiting the family of a Utahn held captive  overseas, and convening a panel of education leaders to discuss school  safety--all in just 1 day. That is just part of what that 1 day was. As  anyone who has served in Congress knows, recess is no respite.   The time we spend at home meeting with constituents is absolutely  vital to our jobs, but of equal importance is confirming capable,  qualified judges to our courts. Our responsibility in the Senate is to  keep the judicial branch up and running. I have participated in more  than 1,800 judicial confirmations throughout my term of service, and I  look forward to working through August to confirm a few more. There is  no time to waste. I call on my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  come together to get this done.   I believe there are really good people on both sides of the floor. I  believe most people would like to see us function better than we do  right now. I am certainly one of them, and I think there are a lot of  others in this body who feel exactly the same way. I just hope that for  the remainder of this year we can get together and do what we should do  in the best interest of the American people, and if we do that,  everybody will be better off. This country will be better off, our  functions in government will be better off, almost everything will be  better off. I think it is time for us to quit playing games around here  and do the work of the U.S. Senate, the greatest deliberative body in  the world, some say. I am one of them who does say that because I  believe we handle more absolutely crucial matters than any other  legislative body in the world, and I intend to see that we continue to  do it.   There are some things that folks on the other side or folks on our  side might want to fully test and fully work against. That is not bad;  that is part of this job, too, but to do it on everything, to make it  just miserable around here to get anything done, that discloses the bad  faith on whichever side is doing it, and it is just plain wrong. We  have to wake up and start acting like adults and do the things that  really should be done in this greatest of all legislative bodies.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   