 Mr. Speaker, and still I rise.   I am proud, once again, Mr. Speaker, to stand in the well of the  House. I am proud to do so today, Mr. Speaker, in defense of liberty  and justice for all. Mr. Speaker, if we know the truth, it can set us  free.   A truth: A Quinnipiac Poll, Mr. Speaker, as of July 3, this month,  this year, a poll indicates that 49 percent of Americans believe that  the President of the United States is a racist, 49 percent, nearly 50  percent of the country. Wonder why? Could it be because of  Charlottesville? Could it be because of a Muslim ban? Could it be  because of the way this President has instituted policies, such as the  one that has impacted Latinos at the border, taking babies from their  mothers, segregating them such that babies don't have contact with  their parents? Forty-nine percent of the people believe that the  President is a racist.   Mr. Speaker, in the same poll, 55 percent believe that he has  emboldened people who hold racist beliefs to express those beliefs  publicly. The President of the United States is having an adverse  impact on society. He is causing people to do ugly things.   Mr. Speaker, the polls also show, this is a Harris Poll, that 42  percent believe  [[Page H7167]]  that the President of the United States of America should be impeached.  That number would be higher, by the way, if, not but for, the effort to  suppress impeachment. And I must compliment the people who are engaged  in that effort. They have done exceedingly well. Some people dare not  say the word ``impeachment.''   I am so glad, however, so thankful, so grateful that Dr. King was not  guided by polls, because there are some polls that would cause persons  to do what they should not.   If you are waiting on the polls to tell you that the President ought  to be impeached, you may be waiting a long time. If you are waiting on  the polls to get to 60, 70, 80 percent, you may be waiting a long time.   I am so glad that Dr. King did not wait for the polls to tell him to  protest segregation and discrimination. The bus boycott probably  wouldn't have taken place in Montgomery if there had been a wait for  the polls. They probably wouldn't have crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge  if there had been a wait for the polls.   I am so glad that people of goodwill will stand up to bigotry, will  take a stand. They don't let political expediency trump the moral  imperative to speak out and speak up. I am so glad that there are  people who put the moral imperative above political expediency.   And finally, this: For those of you who worship at the altar of  polls, when President Clinton was impeached, 29 percent of the people  thought that he should be impeached, 29 percent.   There are some people who are not guided by polls. I am one of them.  Bigotry emanating from the Presidency is impeachable because of the  harm that it is doing to society. Impeachment is not dead.   