 Mr. President, to you and all of my colleagues on the  floor this afternoon, we are about to have a huge debate in this  country. We are taking to the floor as a chorus of Americans across the  Nation are going to go to the phones and their devices to support our  principle of net neutrality in this country.   We are speaking out because the American people know the internet is  the most powerful platform for commerce and communications in the  history of the planet. They know the internet is for everyone and was  invented with the guiding principle of nondiscrimination. The internet  is designed to democratize access to information, to opportunity. They  know the health of our economy, our civic life, our educational system,  and so many other parts of today's American experience all depend on  the internet being free and open to everyone, not just those who can  afford Big Telecom's price of admission. They know strong, clear, and  enforceable net neutrality rules are the only way to protect the  internet as we know it. That is why an overwhelming 86 percent of  Americans oppose the Federal Communications Commission's decision last  December to repeal net neutrality rules.   Outside of Washington, this isn't a partisan issue at all. In fact,  82 percent of Republicans oppose the net neutrality repeal. In a time  when we hear so much about what divides us and how we differ, net  neutrality is something nearly all Americans agree on. It should be a  bipartisan bright spot. Yet, in December, the Trump administration  eliminated the very rules that prevent your internet service provider-- Comcast, AT&T, Verizon, Charter, and others--from indiscriminately  charging more for internet fast lanes, slowing down websites, blocking  websites, and making it harder and maybe even impossible for inventors,  entrepreneurs, and small businesses--the lifeblood of the American  economy--to connect to the internet.   Why did they do this? The reason is simple. The Trump administration,  time and again, sides with the rich and the powerful first and  consumers last. From the GOP tax scam to the repeal of the Affordable  Care Act, to rolling back fuel economy standards, and to net  neutrality, this administration has repeatedly ignored the needs of  everyday American families. A free and open internet means an internet  free from corporate control and open to anyone who wants to connect,  communicate, or innovate.   That is why, today, the 49 Members of the Senate Democratic caucus  are officially filing this discharge petition to force a vote on my  Congressional Review Act resolution, which will put net neutrality back  on the books as the rule of law for the United States. This resolution  would fully restore the rules that ensure Americans aren't subject to  higher prices, slower internet trafficking, and even blocked websites  because the big internet service providers want to pump up their  profits.   How does all of this work? First, my CRA resolution will reinstate  the rule against blocking. For example, without this protection, AT&T  could stop you from visiting your favorite streaming platform, so your  only option is their DIRECTV NOW service. Verizon could prohibit you  from using Skype, so you have to use their phone service. That is bad  for competition and innovation, and it is very bad for consumers.   Second, my CRA--Congressional Review Act--resolution will restore the  rule against throttling. Without this protection, broadband companies  could slow down any website they want. If activists take to Twitter to  share stories about unfair labor practices at an internet service  provider, for example, that company could slow down the social media  platform to protect its public image and limit the spread of  information. Imagine what that could do during a Trump administration  that is stifling science, undermining law enforcement, and questioning  intelligence. The prospects are Orwellian.   Third, my Congressional Review Act resolution will restore the rule  prohibiting paid prioritization. Without this rule, internet providers  could charge large established websites for access to an internet fast  lane--meaning those websites would load quicker, while websites that  can't afford the internet ``E-ZPass'' will load at a bumper-to-bumper  pace. Small businesses that rely on fast internet service would be  dwarfed by corporate competitors who could afford the faster service.  This would spell doom for mom-and-pop businesses that are the backbone  of our communities.    Finally, my Congressional Review Act will restore the forward-looking  general conduct rule. When the FCC eliminated this guideline, it  removed protection against future harms, such as arbitrary data caps  and other discriminatory behavior by internet service providers. So  don't be fooled by the voices that say this is all doom and gloom and  that the internet service providers would never let this happen. Mark  my words, without net neutrality, these are not alarmist and  hypothetical harms--they are very real. In a world without net  neutrality, they very well may become the new normal.   This is a historic moment. We are approaching the most important vote  for the internet in the history of the Senate. Should the Senate  resolution pass, it will be the first time in more than a decade a  minority party-sponsored Congressional Review Act resolution will have  overturned a majority party administration's rule. We can and should  put President Trump on notice. Countless Americans have called and  emailed Congress to express support for net neutrality and for my CRA  resolution.   All one has to do is look at the internet today--to this ``red alert  for net neutrality'' that is on dozens and dozens and dozens of  companies' websites all across our country. These are smaller  companies, not the big companies that are all saying the same thing,  which is that they need net neutrality, that they need to be protected,  that they don't want to have the large companies being able to act in a  discriminatory way. Those companies--Reddit, TripAdvisor, Etsy, Vimeo,  Tumblr, match.com, and so many others--all speak with one voice. They  are saying: Do not allow discriminatory practices to be made legal. Put  the old net neutrality rules back on the books. They were working.   Activity in support of net neutrality at the State level has also  been remarkable in that Governors in five States have issued executive  orders; attorneys general in 23 States have filed lawsuits; 27 State  legislatures are working on legislation to protect net neutrality.   We all know that in 2018, access to a free and open internet is not  just a privilege, it is a right. I knew that back in 2006, when I  introduced the very first net neutrality legislation in the House of  Representatives. Ron Wyden knew the very same thing when he introduced  the same legislation in the Senate. It is a debate that has been  [[Page S2582]]  taking place in our country now for an internet generation, going back  12, 13 years. It is what binds the millennials, teachers, librarians,  entrepreneurs, medical professionals, social advocates, generations X,  Y, and Z--all of these groups that are up in arms because the future of  the internet is at stake.   To my colleagues across the aisle, I encourage them to seize this  opportunity and stand with the American people, who overwhelmingly  support net neutrality. Again, 86 percent of all Americans--82 percent  of all Republicans across the country--support net neutrality.   By passing this resolution, we send a clear message to American  families that we support them, not President Trump's special interest  agenda. This is the issue of whether we are going to empower ordinary  families and ordinary small businesses to be given the protections they  need.   The American people are watching closely. They are paying attention  to who is fighting for them and who is sitting on the sidelines, to who  is listening and who is ignoring the public's demands. This vote is  coming, and when it does, it will put a magnifying glass on Congress.  It will be crystal clear who is protecting corporate buddies and who is  fighting for everyday Americans.   The Senate has a job to do. I urge my colleagues to join this  movement and stand on the right side of history. In the 20th century,  the rural electrification process connected huge parts of our country  to the benefits of electricity. It raised living standards. It expanded  educational opportunities. It transformed society. That is what a free  and open internet is doing for our country in the 21st century--job  creation, small business development, social justice, distance  education. Every day, the lives of Americans are transformed for the  better because they can access this diverse, dynamic, democratic  platform where history is made every single day.   Again, I urge my colleagues to vote yes on this Congressional Review  Act resolution to restore net neutrality.   I will now file this discharge petition with the clerk of the Senate  so we can begin the process of having this historic debate on the floor  of the U.S. Senate.   I thank all of my colleagues who are going to participate in this  discussion this afternoon. It begins at least 1 week of full discussion  on the Senate floor and in our country on this critical issue.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I thank the Senator from New Hampshire for  her incredible leadership on this issue. I know she had a huge forum  with small businesses up in New Hampshire that reflected the need to  ensure that we had an open and free internet.   As we talk about net neutrality, I think many people wonder: What  does that mean? What does ``net neutrality'' mean exactly? Well, the  way to think about it is, instead of saying the words ``net  neutrality,'' you say the word ``nondiscrimination,'' because that is  what we are talking about. We are talking about whether you are an  individual or you are a small firm and you are using the internet in  order to have your voice heard, in order to start up a business and  that you are not discriminated against just because you are a small  voice; that you are not discriminated against because you are not some  huge corporation; that, in this internet era, you are important and you  can't be discriminated against. That is what this debate is all about.   Now, how does that reflect the state of commerce online in America  today? Well, for example, last year in the United States--this is an  incredible number--half of all venture capital in America went to  internet and software startups or internet and software companies in  their beginning stages. Think about that. That is half of all venture  capital. Who gets that money? Well, they are newer people, newer ideas,  and newer job creators--the people who have transformed our country  over the last 20 years online. Those are the people who get access to  venture capital in a regime where net neutrality is the law of our  country.   Now, at the same time, the big broadband companies have been able to  invest tens of billions of dollars in the upgrade of their  infrastructure. So it is not as though we are talking about the big  companies getting it all or the little companies getting it all. They  are both doing great under the existing formula, but the tens of  thousands of smaller internet-based companies across this country are  the ones who are actually creating the jobs. They are the ones that are  hiring the new people. They are the ones who need the new real estate-- the 1,000 square feet, the 5,000 square feet, up to 25,000 square feet,  and up to 1 million square feet, ultimately.   That is where we are, for example, with Wayfair, up in Massachusetts,  which is a company from which you purchase furniture online. It started  very small, and now it needs hundreds of thousands of square feet of  space.   The same thing is true for TripAdvisor, up in Massachusetts. It  started very small, and now it needs hundreds of thousands of square  feet of space in order to hire all of their employees. That is what  happens when you have an open internet. That is what happens when  smaller companies and new companies online can raise the capital they  need in order to finance their idea, in order to hire people who will  advance this company's agenda across all 320 million people in the  United States and, ultimately, for many of them, across the planet. You  have to start somewhere, and the only way in which it really works is  if net neutrality--if nondiscrimination--is the principle.   So that is what we are going to be debating over the next week here  on the Senate floor. It is this fundamental issue of access to capital  for the smallest companies and not to allow five companies--the biggest  companies--to determine who gets access. The principle of net  neutrality--the principle of openness--has worked. We now have a whole  vocabulary in our country consisting of the names of companies that no  one knew 20 years ago, 10 years ago, 5 years ago. Those are the  companies that are rising up and saying they want net neutrality to be  protected here today.   In addition to that, we have dozens of other groups, the free press,  and others who are all saying that we need it to advance democracy as  well. We want the smallest individual to know that their voice can  never be stifled, that their voice can never be cut off. That is what  this debate is all about. That is why the Members are out here on the  floor. We are trying to reflect the 86 percent of Americans who support  net neutrality. I know that is why Senator Klobuchar from Minnesota is  here.   At this point, Mr. President, I yield the floor.   