 Mr. President, I rise today to recognize the Arkansas  Black Hall of Fame Class of 2019 inductees and celebrate their  contributions to our State, country, and literally the world.   Founded in 1992 by Charles Stewart and Patricia Goodwin to recognize  the gifts of African Americans with Arkansas roots, the first induction  ceremony in 1993 honored six individuals, including acclaimed poet,  author, and activist Maya Angelou and civil rights advocate and Little  Rock Nine mentor Daisy Bates.   We are probably all familiar with Arkansas' role in the movement for  public integration. The African-American students who were threatened  and intimidated by fellow classmates and community members as they  tried to enter Little Rock Central High School quickly became icons of  the civil rights movement because of their courage in the face of  overwhelming adversity.   These nine students, known as the Little Rock Nine, were inducted  into the Arkansas Black Hall of Fame in 2007. They, along with other  individuals who are members of the Arkansas Black Hall of Fame,  represent diverse areas of advocacy, interest, and expertise. More than  150 people are part of this select group because of their contributions  to American culture and Arkansas history.   This year, six individuals will join this distinguished group when  they are inducted on Saturday, October 27, 2018. I want to take a  moment to recognize the inductees and their accomplishments.   Kevin Cole is a renowned mixed-media visual artist from Pine Bluff,  AR. He graduated from the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff with a  degree in art education and continued his education, earning advanced  degrees from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and  Northern Illinois University.   His artwork often reflects the history of racial violence and social  issues. When he was 18 years old, after Cole expressed his reluctance  to vote, his grandfather told him the story of African Americans who  were lynched by their neckties on their way to vote. That knowledge has  inspired his artwork. He is well known for his abstract ``necktie''  pieces that reflect on the painful past while also, very importantly,  looking toward a hopeful future.   Cole is an award-winning artist whose work has been displayed in  galleries literally all over the world, including the Smithsonian's  National Museum of African American History and Culture.   Brent Jennings is a native of Little Rock. He is an accomplished  actor and educator. In the sixth grade, he was encouraged by a teacher  who was directing his school's annual vaudeville-style review to become  an actor.   He took acting classes at the Arkansas Art Center, where he was the  first African-American actor to land the lead role in a children's  theater production. He pursued an acting career that took him to New  York and Boston before moving to Los Angeles.   While a student at Emerson College, he was recognized for his acting  and directing, earning the Carol Burnett Award and the New England  Theater Award.   He has acted alongside Academy Award-winning actors and those who  have claimed the spotlight of Hollywood. You may have seen him most  recently in AMC's ``Lodge 49.'' In addition, he shared his passion for  acting as an adjunct faculty member at the American Academy of  Dramatics.   LTG Aundre Piggee is a native of Stamps, AR. He graduated from the  University of Arkansas Pine Bluff. As a student, he served in ROTC and  chose to pursue a career in the military. He says he mentors his  soldiers as his UAPB instructors mentored him.   He has proudly served in uniform for 37 years. His military career  has taken him literally all over the world, where he has commanded  thousands of soldiers, as well as worked to equip missions in Syria and  Afghanistan.   Today he serves at the Pentagon as the Deputy Chief of Staff in the  U.S. Army, overseeing logistics. He is an individual I have really  enjoyed getting to know and working with, and he is certainly somebody  we can be very, very proud of.   Darrell Walker's name is synonymous with Arkansas basketball. He  played at the University of Arkansas--Fort Smith before transferring to  play for the Razorbacks for three seasons. He helped the team reach the  Sweet 16 in 1981 and 1983. He ranks 18th all-time on the Razorback's  scoring list.    Following a successful collegiate career, he was drafted 12th overall  by the New York Knicks and was named to the 1984 NBA All-Rookie Team.  He played in the NBA for 10 years, including winning a championship  with the Chicago Bulls in 1993.   Walker has continued his involvement in basketball as a coach for  college teams and in the NBA. Earlier this year, he became head coach  of the University of Arkansas at Little Rock men's basketball team.   Mary Louise Williams is an education advocate and political activist.  She spent 42 years as an educator, 30 of those years as an  administrator and music teacher in the Little Rock School District. She  has spent her life actively involved in the community as a volunteer on  numerous boards and commissions and as an elected official, sometimes  as the only woman or only African American.   She was the first African-American chairperson of the Pulaski County  Election Commission, the first African-American chairperson of the  Pulaski County Democratic Committee, and the first African-American  woman from Arkansas to serve on the National Association of County  Officials Board.   She has mentored numerous Arkansans through her civic involvement and  earned many awards for her commitment to the community. She was  recently recognized by the Women's Foundation of Arkansas as the  recipient of the 2018 Brownie Ledbetter Civic Engagement Award for her  service and her activism. At 90 years of age, she continues to be  active in the community.   Florence Price will be posthumously inducted into the Arkansas Black  Hall of Fame. She grew up in Little Rock, where she learned to love  music at a young age. Her mother taught her piano, and she became an  accomplished musician as a youth. By the time she graduated high  school, Price was a published composer. She pursued her passion for  music as a student at the New England Conservatory of Music.   In 1932, she won the Wanamaker Prize for her ``Symphony in E minor.''  The next year, the Chicago Symphony Orchestra performed that piece,  making Price the first African-American woman to have a composition  played by a major orchestra.  [[Page S6792]]    In 1940, Price was inducted into the American Society of Composers,  Authors and Publishers. She had composed more than 300 works by the  time of her death in 1953.   We can be very, very proud of these men and women. Their lives and  legacies are important to the history of our country and the fight for  equality. The honor being bestowed upon them later this month is just  one more tribute to their significant contributions to Arkansas and  America.   I congratulate each and every one of them on being inducted into the  Arkansas Black Hall of Fame and extend my sincere thanks for the impact  they have had on the State that we all love and want to make better.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   