 Mr. President, today the Senate will vote on the  confirmation of John Ring to be a member of the National Labor  Relations Board, NLRB. I am glad that we are voting on this nomination  because, once Mr. Ring is confirmed, we will once again have a full  five-member National Labor Relations Board.   Created in 1935, the NLRB administers the National Labor Relations  Act, which seeks to mitigate and eliminate labor-related impediments to  the free flow of commerce. The 5 board members have 5-year, staggered  terms, and the general counsel has a 4-year term.   The NLRB should be a neutral umpire in labor disputes. While Board  partisanship did not start under President Obama, it became worse under  him. An overly partisan Board creates instability in our Nation's  workplaces and does not serve the intent of the law, which is to create  stable labor relations and the free flow of commerce.   The NLRB under President Obama took two particularly harmful actions  that are still in place today. First, the joint employer decision  threatens the American dream for owners of the Nation's 780,000  franchise locations. Under that decision, companies could find it much  more practical to own all their stores and restaurants and daycare  centers themselves, rather than encourage more franchisee-owned small  businesses.   Second is the ambush election rule, which can force a union election  before employers and employees have a chance to figure out what is  going on. The rule also forces employers to provide union organizers  with a list of employees' work locations, shifts, job classifications,  personal email addresses, and home and cellular telephone numbers. This  information is highly personal, and employees may not want it shared,  but workers do not have a choice. I am pleased the Board is accepting  comments on whether this rule should be revised.   A fully staffed board is vital to both employees and employers, and I  am not the only one who thinks that is important. At a Senate Committee  on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, HELP, hearing in September  2014, then-Chairman Harkin said, ``Keeping the NLRB fully staffed and  able to do its work will send a strong message to the American people  that yes, Washington can work, and our government can function.''   While attending the Catholic University Columbus School of Law in the  evening, Mr. Ring worked for the International Brotherhood of  Teamsters. After law school, he joined the law firm Morgan, Lewis &  Bockius, where he has worked since 1988. Mr. Ring flourished at the  firm, where he worked his way up from summer associate to coleader of  the firm's labor and management relations practice.   Mr. Ring was nominated to be a member of the NLRB on January 18,  2018. The HELP Committee held Mr. Ring's hearing on March 1, 2018, and  he completed all paperwork in accordance with the committee's rules,  practices, and procedures. We received Mr. Ring's HELP Committee  paperwork and his Office of Government Ethics paperwork on January 24,  2018, 36 days before his hearing. Mr. Ring offered to meet with all  HELP Committee members and met with five of them, including two  Democrats. Following his hearing, Mr. Ring responded to 97 questions  for the record, or 158, if you include subquestions. These responses  were provided to Senators prior to the markup, and the HELP Committee  favorably reported Mr. Ring's nomination on March 14, 2018.   I look forward to voting for John Ring, and I trust that he will  serve with distinction.   