 Madam Speaker, I thank my fellow Texans,  Mr. Marchant and Mr. Doggett, for introducing this commonsense bill.   Children who have had their Social Security cards stolen from the  mail before it even gets to them deserve a new Social Security number.  This helps these youngest victims of identity theft start out with a  clean slate. It is the right thing to do, and I encourage my colleagues  to support this commonsense legislation.    As the chairman of the Social Security Subcommittee, I have been  committed to doing all I can to protect Americans from identity theft.  This bill helps us get there. But, Madam Speaker, while this bill will  help child victims of identity theft, the fact is that it still doesn't  fix the real problem.   The real problem is that we use Social Security numbers to both  identify and authenticate people. It just doesn't make sense, but we  have been doing this for decades, and I think it is time to put a stop  to it.   When Social Security created Social Security numbers back in 1936,  they were designed for a limited purpose: to track earnings and  administer Social Security benefits for hardworking Americans. Back  then, there wasn't much thought about keeping your number secret. But  as we all know, that has changed since these numbers are used for  everything from getting credit to enrolling kids in school.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 1512, the Social Security Child Protection Act,  is a step in the right direction, and I urge all Members to support it.   I also want to take this opportunity to begin a serious conversation  about the future of Social Security numbers and how we use them. I  invite Members to join me. The American people deserve no less.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Curbelo for  yielding and for introducing this commonsense and much-needed bill.   Mr. Speaker, synthetic identity fraud is a real problem with real  costs to the victims. One million children have their identity stolen  each year, and they deserve to be protected. This legislation will also  help stop criminals from stealing $1 billion a year by ensuring that we  can verify a person is who he or she claims to be when applying for a  credit card.   Synthetic identity fraud is a growing problem. Social Security must  quickly take steps to get this important fraud-fighting tool up and  running. As chairman of the Social Security Subcommittee, I intend to  make sure Social Security doesn't hold this up in any way.   While Social Security will provide this service, the users pay the  full cost so Social Security's budget won't be impacted.   Social Security has an important job: to make sure those who are  eligible get the benefits they deserve. I am committed to doing  everything I can to protect all Americans from identity theft.   H.R. 5192, the Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act, is the  best way to stop synthetic identity fraud, and I urge you all to  support it. The American people deserve nothing less.   