 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss a matter of great  import, given the events of the past few days in Europe as they relate  to friends, foes, and peace. Global peace is not a zero-sum game, and  global alliances ought not be subject to whim, impulse, opaque  machinations, or material threats of cancellation over internal  disagreements. The world relies on the United States for stable and  reliable leadership, and we have in turn benefited greatly from the  peace and stability for which we have been the chief guarantors. This  is not a subject that is even debatable.   Lately, the President of the United States has been characterizing  our most vital relationships around the world in purely transactional  terms, asserting that America has been taken advantage of, and he has  gone so far as to suggest that when it comes to our relationship with  our NATO partners, we get nothing for our troubles.   Nothing for a stable and peaceful Europe? This is the danger in  viewing these relationships as mere transactions, absent our shared  values. Absent values, the world is nothing but a cruel and cold place  of warring camps and territorial ambitions and no durable alliances  whatsoever. To view the world this way requires a frightening  unawareness of the postwar security order that we ourselves created.   This posture of antagonism and suspicion toward our partners and  peace can be held only when you blot out 70 of the most consequential  years of the world. Apart from our shared sacrifice and our shared  security, what we have been through together over those 70 years cannot  adequately be reflected on any ledger or list of petty grievances, and  a seeming ignorance of the scale of that history is blundering and  strange.   The mindset that comprehends a trade deficit as a grievous offense or  an unfair act of aggression is the same mindset that can upend vital  security relationships that have been similarly misperceived.  Sometimes, if I didn't know better, I might say that we are  purposefully trying to destabilize the Western alliance and to turn the  world upside down. I might come to this conclusion because, by a  process of elimination, no other answer would make any sense.   If this is some kind of stratagem, what good could possibly be  achieved by heedlessly making friends into enemies, and who, exactly,  would benefit? What would this President replace the Western alliance  with? There simply is no better order that could be achieved by this  destabilization.   Today, I rise to pose a few questions, and I believe there is much  riding on the answers to these questions.   A couple of days ago, the President of the United States said that  his upcoming meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin would likely  be easier than his meeting with America's most important allies at the  NATO summit. Why would a President--any President--say such a thing?  The Russian President, at the very least, personally directed a  propaganda campaign and an extraordinarily ambitious series of cyber  attacks aimed at the integrity of our elections in 2016, and we have  been told that these attacks are continuing. He has shown no signs  whatsoever of changing his behavior.   The Russian President is a man schooled in treachery and espionage.  He jails and murders his opponents, presides over a mafia state, and he  is an enemy of democracy. Why would a meeting with Putin be easier than  a meeting with the allies we rely on most to be a bulwark against him?   Vladimir Putin is not ``fine,'' as the President recently asserted.  And singing his praises for no good reason sends a terrifying message  to our allies, especially those countries that share a border with  Russia. Flattering such a man, who has demonstrated his hostility  toward us and contempt for our values and has recently annexed parts of  neighboring sovereign countries, is simply bizarre. That the admiration  comes from an American President--well, that is unconscionable.   The President, of course, continues to entertain Mr. Putin's denial  of election interference and otherwise hardly mentions the Russian  attacks on us, other than to talk about the Russia hoax or to refer to  Mueller's investigation into the attacks as a ``witch hunt''--this, in  spite of conclusive and overwhelming proof of Russian involvement  generated from investigations conducted by his own government. Why?   Then, before the recent G7 meeting, the President called for Russia  to be readmitted to the G7, in spite of the fact that Moscow continues  to occupy Crimea and has shown no remorse whatsoever for its behavior  toward the United States. Why?   Then, yesterday in Brussels, the President offered a twisted  interpretation of how NATO works and how it is financed in order to  frame a grievance against our NATO allies, supposedly on behalf of the  American taxpayer. Why?   Why would an American President create such conflict? Why does the  President's complaint about our closest friends on the global stage  unnervingly echo the Russian position? Mr. Putin's singular foreign  policy goal is to weaken democracies and destroy the Western alliance.  Could we possibly be helping him any more in his quest than by  baselessly attacking our own allies?   The antipathy and hostility toward our friends and allies are simply  inexplicable, but it is not good enough for us just to say that. It is  our job and obligation in this body to try to end it--to reassure our  allies that they are still our allies.   Over the Independence Day holiday, I had the privilege to lead a  bipartisan and bicameral delegation to the Nordic and Baltic states to  talk to our friends whose view of the Russian threat is much more  intimate than ours and to hear of the concerns of the leaders there-- NATO allies and partners. We wanted to assess the threat for ourselves.   In Latvia, where 40 percent of the population is ethnic Russian, the  propaganda from Moscow is strong and unrelenting: The NATO alliance is  weak. It will not last. The United States is an unreliable ally.   These themes have lately become very familiar on this side of the  Atlantic as well.   The people of Latvia, ethnic Russians, and otherwise, pay close  attention when an American President is reported to have said things  like Crimea is rightfully part of Russia because the people in Crimea  speak Russian. Well, there is a lot of Russian spoken in Latvia too.  Does that mean that the United States would concede to Russian  aggression against Latvia on this basis?   Vladimir Putin presides dictatorially over the remains of a collapsed  empire. All he has now are nationalism and territorial ambitions and  nostalgic appeals to former glory. He is not a strong leader for his  people, as our President has said, any more than Kim Jong Un's people  love their dictator, as he has also said. If we fail to see these  things clearly, then we fail the world, and we fail ourselves, and we  dishonor those from our own country and from our allied countries who  kept the Soviet menace at bay for half a century as the world hung in  the balance.   We are now told that the President will be meeting one-on-one with  Mr.  [[Page S4935]]  Putin. He will have no staff present, no press, no one to make a record  of the event. Why? If the White House is as confused about the nature  of the threat we face from Mr. Putin as it seems to be, a meeting  between our President and his Russian counterpart for which there is no  record could not be more concerning. It is vital that even the most  private meetings between leaders not be lost to history, especially  when once again the world seems to be hanging in the balance.   NATO is one of the greatest and most visionary investments our Nation  has ever made, and anybody who says differently is simply wrong. Any  counternarrative about NATO is willfully destructive and does real and  lasting damage to us in the world.   I join my senior Senator, John McCain, in the sentiments he expressed  just weeks ago. To our allies: Bipartisan majorities of both parties  support our alliances based on 70 years of shared values. Americans  stand with you.   Now, I would be remiss if I did not, here today, remind my colleagues  that the only time article 5 of the NATO Charter has been invoked has  been by the United States after the attacks of 9/11/2001. Our allies  accompanied us into battle to defend our country and our way of life,  and they paid an eternal price for their commitment to our shared  security. Of the more than 3,500 casualties sustained thus far in  Afghanistan, roughly a third are the sons, the daughters, the husbands,  and the wives of our NATO allies. In the spirit of NATO, those  casualties are our casualties. We cherish them and their sacrifices as  if they were our own because they are our own. Let us honor them not  just in memory but in deed--in the way we conduct ourselves here in  this place, in our commitment to the values for which they died, in the  clarity of our purpose, and ultimately in our basic ability to tell  right from wrong no matter the cost.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that with respect  to the Ney nomination, the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's action.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   