 Mr. President, before I make my remarks, let me just  say that in what we might call the current unpleasantness in  Washington, what a pleasant thing it is to be here on the Senate floor  and hear the respected chairman of the Senate Finance Committee say the  positive words he has said, describe his success at expanding CHIP and  call to our memory the name of Senator Kennedy--who was his friend and  ally in creating that program upon which so many children across  America depend.   So I thank him for a lovely moment in an otherwise somewhat, shall we  say, challenging Washington environment.   Mr. President, in the spirit of back-and-forth--which is often the  spirit of the Senate--I am following Senator Hatch, but I see Senator  Wicker also on the floor. If time is pressing on him, I would be  willing to consider yielding for a few moments. I don't know how much  time he intends to consume.    Mr. President, in that event, let me commence my  196th ``Time to Wake Up'' climate speech.   The last year has been a lousy one for environmental policy in the  United States. While the rest of the world began implementing the Paris  Agreement to reduce the carbon emissions that are changing our climate  and our oceans, this proud body, the U.S. Senate, sat on its hands.   When President Trump handed the keys to his administration over to  what I call the three stooges of the fossil fuel industry--Pruitt,  Perry, and Zinke--the Senate sat on its hands. The recent interview  with British journalist Piers Morgan shows Trump willing to make a  scientific fool of himself on the question of climate change to please  the general managers pulling the strings of his administration, the  Koch brothers.   This record puts them all way out of line--way out of line--with most  Americans. Overwhelming numbers of younger Americans demand climate  action and plan to hold politicians who stand in its way accountable.  Faith groups, universities, State and local governments, and businesses  have stepped up their climate leadership. Businesses hear from their  customers and know the American people want action, but if corporate  America is serious about climate action in Washington, corporate  America needs to explain why the Big Business lobby groups in this  town--the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the American Petroleum Institute,  and the National Association of Manufacturers--stand so resolutely in  the way of climate action. These three industry groups have been  instrumental in blocking climate action, using lobbying, dark money  election spending, and threats of dark money election spending.   Today, I want to take a look at the biggest and swampiest of the  three, the so-called U.S. Chamber of Commerce. First, let's clear up  some common misperceptions about the chamber. It is not a government  agency, and it bears almost no relation to your hometown chamber of  commerce.   Instead of representing the interests of small businesses, the  chamber represents the interests of giant corporations, international  corporations, and the ultrarich. The chamber president, Tom Donohue,  admitted as much in a letter to the tobacco company Philip Morris. He  wrote that small businesses ``provide the foot soldiers, and often the  political cover, for issues big companies want pursued.''   Why this service to giant corporations and the ultrarich? Easy  answer: They pay the bills. The vast majority of the chamber's $275- million-per-year budget comes from just a handful of donors. For  instance, in 2014, just 119 donations accounted for over $160 million  of the chamber's fundraising haul. Who are these donors? Well, the  chamber doesn't want you to know. It does all it can to resist  transparency, but thanks to voluntary disclosures by some corporations  and the tax filings of some nonprofit groups, we know that its donors  include many of America's biggest corporations as well as political  front groups run by the billionaire Koch brothers and Karl Rove.   The chamber took in at least $5.5 million from Koch-backed groups  between 2012 and 2014, and a Karl Rove-affiliated group gave the  chamber $5.25 million in 2014 alone. It would be interesting to know  how much of the Karl Rove money is actually Koch money laundered  through the Karl Rove front group.   What does the chamber do with all of this money? It lobbies, it  litigates, and it runs political attack ads on television, radio, and  the internet.   Let's start with the lobbying.   The chamber spends far more than anyone else in lobbying the Federal  [[Page S801]]  Government. It spent more than $80 million last year alone--far more  than any individual company. Over the last 20 years, the chamber has  spent more than $1.4 billion--that is billion with a ``b'' and the nine  zeros after it--in lobbying the Federal Government. That is three times  more than the next largest lobbying spender--a swamp monster, indeed.   Much of this lobbying is against environmental policies, with the  chamber's lobbying Congress, the White House, the EPA, the Department  of Energy, and the Department of the Interior on behalf of--yes, you  guessed it--the fossil fuel companies. The chamber champions the fossil  fuel agenda. It opposes limits on carbon emissions and supports  drilling and mining on public lands and in offshore waters.   The chamber champions only the fossil fuel energy agenda and attacks  renewable energy despite that industry's being responsible for more  jobs than the fossil fuel industry. In 2016, for instance, the chamber  lobbied the Federal Government on at least 14 separate issues in favor  of the oil and gas industry and on at least 7 issues in favor of the  coal industry. On renewable energy, there were zero--not one.   It was the chamber that paid for the debunked study that claimed the  Paris Agreement would kill jobs and weaken economic growth, which Trump  cited as justification for withdrawing from that agreement.   The chamber also spends a lot of effort in importuning the courts. In  a recent 3-year period, the chamber was involved in roughly 500 cases  as either a plaintiff or an amicus curiae--an interested party deemed a  ``friend of the court.''   Once again, the chamber fronted for the fossil fuel industry. In just  3 years, it sued the EPA 15 times and filed amicus briefs against the  EPA in another 11 cases, making the EPA the chamber's most frequent  target in court. The chamber sued against the Clean Power Plan and has  consistently opposed the EPA's authority to regulate carbon emissions  under the Clean Air Act.   The chamber also wrote an amicus brief that urged the Supreme Court  to strike down limits on election spending. It got its wish in the  Citizens United decision. Citizens United allowed dark money groups-- outside groups--to spend unlimited sums in corrupting our elections.  The chamber and the fossil fuel industry have been the biggest  beneficiaries--the biggest users--of this horrible decision.   Over the last 10 years, the chamber has spent more than $150 million  in dark money on Federal elections, and we don't know how much it has  spent on State elections other than we know it has contributed millions  to other outside spending groups that are active at the State level.   In 2016, the chamber was the largest dark money spender in  congressional races. It often ran vicious attack ads in races across  the country. Many of these ads supported the fossil fuel agenda. Here  is one from the 2016 Senate race in Pennsylvania. The chamber was again  the largest dark money spender on this race in its having spent over $6  million. It ran a series of attack ads against Katie McGinty and  slammed her for supporting legislation to reduce carbon emissions.   Here is the ad:   A couple of moms are watching their kids, and the kids are playing on  the playground. One is complaining that McGinty supports taxing energy  from fossil fuels, and the other mom remarks as to how much energy  their kids have, to which the first replies: Oh, if McGinty finds out  about that, she will tax the kids. Right on cue, an actor who is  supposed to represent McGinty, the candidate, arrives--of course in a  chauffeured black sedan--ready to tax the energetic kids. The ad ends  with one mother screaming at her son, Jimmy, to run away.   So that is what we get--the chamber as the enforcer for the fossil  fuel industry. Dare to support climate action or oppose fossil fuel  interests, and the chamber will go after you with everything it has.   It is actually worse than that because there is one thing more  insidious than spending millions of dollars on attack ads, and that is  the threat of spending millions of dollars on attack ads. You see, once  Citizens United allowed the chamber and other outside election spending  groups to spend unlimited funds, the corollary was that it could  threaten to spend those unlimited funds. All the chamber and other  outside election spending groups now have to do is threaten to fund a  challenger in order to bring many candidates and elected officials to  heel. This Citizens United-sanctioned intimidation explains why we  cannot make good climate policy in Washington, and the chamber is its  leading proponent.   Several big American companies have stopped funding the chamber over  its anti-climate agenda. Apple, PG&E, Costco, Hewlett-Packard,  Starbucks, Mars, and others have all left. Yet plenty of other  corporate climate champions still fund the chamber. It is unbelievable  but true.   Here is an ad that was run last spring by several big companies that  urged Trump to stay in the Paris Agreement. These companies--Facebook,  Gap Inc., Google, Intel Corporation, Microsoft, Morgan Stanley, and  Salesforce--signed this full-page ad that supported the Paris  Agreement. At the same time, they were donors to the chamber, which was  out attacking the Paris Agreement. How do you publicly support the  Paris Agreement while funding the swamp monster that attacks the Paris  Agreement?   The Trump administration is also seeking to cut funding for renewable  energy research by 72 percent. America's business leaders should want  to maintain U.S. technological leadership and create millions of high- paying, clean energy jobs in the future, but the chamber's so-called  Global Energy Institute's website is promoting Keystone XL, the Dakota  Access Pipeline, and offshore drilling. I kid you not--offshore  drilling. Facebook, Gap Inc., Google, Intel, Microsoft, Morgan Stanley,  and Salesforce--offshore drilling? What do you bet those companies  won't take out full-page ads to support offshore drilling? They do come  to Washington to lobby, but when Facebook, Google, Intel, Microsoft,  and Salesforce came to lobby Congress through their trade association  TechNet, they didn't even mention climate change. They didn't even make  clean energy a priority. Instead, they fund the biggest, baddest  opponent of climate action and clean energy.    Why do companies that are so committed to increasing their own use of  renewable energy not lobby Congress in favor of renewable energy? It is  a battle here, folks. Where is the corporate cavalry?   As long as pro-climate companies do nothing in Congress and allow  fossil fuel front groups like the chamber to be their voices here in  Washington, how do they expect to make progress? The Chamber of  Commerce they fund throws around hundreds of millions of dollars on  lobbying and elections to ensure that Congress will not take the  climate action they seek. What are Facebook, Gap, Google, Intel,  Microsoft, Morgan Stanley, and Salesforce waiting for? Do they expect  some kind of immaculate political conception of a climate bill--climate  action that suddenly floats magically down from the clouds? It is not  like they don't lobby themselves. For Pete's sake, they know how the  game is played. They just don't lobby for this. They just don't lobby  for climate action.   Look, good corporate policies on climate are important. They are very  important. I get that, and I appreciate that. But we know well that  good corporate policies will not reach those Paris climate goals. To  reach those goals, you have to pass a bill. You have to do something on  climate here in Congress. When the fossil fuel industry's blockade  stopping such a bill is right here in Congress, this is a battlefield  you have to show up on. It is great to take out ads--it helps--but it  would really help to be present here in Congress and accounted for.   Fighting for climate action in Washington is indispensable in order  to finally break the stranglehold of the chamber and its dark money  allies. So please, corporate America, show up.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Alaska.   