 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this  legislation, as well as legislation I introduced along with the Montana  Senate delegation to honor three Montana veterans by renaming three  Department of Veterans Affairs facilities in their honor. These three  veterans have shown the true spirit and dedication all Montanans and  Americans should aspire to.   Ben Steele from Roundup, Montana, joined the Army Air Corps and was  stationed at Clark Field in the Philippines in 1941 when he was 24.  Following the Japanese invasion, Ben fought on Bataan and survived the  Bataan Death March. He was held prisoner for 3\1/2\ years, and sketched  with charcoal scenes on concrete and secret scraps of paper. Some of  his work is still on display in the MacArthur Museum in Norfolk. After  the war, he continued his passion for art and taught at MSU-Billings  for 33 years.   Mr. Steele passed away in September of 2016 at the age of 98. The  only thing he liked more than art was fishing. I am proud that the  Billings Community Based Specialty Clinic will be renamed in honor of  Benjamin Charles Steele.   David Thatcher enlisted in the Army Air Corps in December of 1940.  Following the attacks on Pearl Harbor, Mr. Thatcher volunteered for a  secret mission joining Jimmy Doolittle in a bombing mission over Tokyo.  Serving as a B-25 tail gunner on the Ruptured Duck, Thatcher saved the  lives of his crew when the plane crashed into the sea trying to make  landfall in China after the raid. For his actions, Thatcher was awarded  the Silver Star.   The Ruptured Duck was piloted by Lieutenant Ted Lawson, who wrote  ``Thirty Seconds over Tokyo.'' Robert Walker played Thatcher in the  movie.   Thatcher flew in the African and European theaters for the rest of  the war. Thatcher worked for the Postal Service for 30 years following  his Army career and was an avid outdoorsman. He passed away in June,  2016, at the age of 94. The community-based outpatient clinic in  Missoula will be designated in his honor.   The community-based outpatient clinic on Spring Creek Lane in  Billings will be designated in honor of Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow. Dr.  Medicine Crow was born in the Crow Indian Reservation in 1913 and was  the first member of the tribe to receive a master's degree, graduating  from the University of Southern California in 1939.   After working in the naval shipyard in Bremerton, Medicine Crow  joined the Army in 1943 and served as a scout in the 103rd Infantry  Division in Europe. He became the last surviving war chief of the Crow  Nation, having successfully led a war party, stolen horses from the  Nazi SS, disarming an enemy and capturing him without killing him. For  his service in World War II, he received the Bronze Star and the French  Legion of Honor.   After the war, he worked for the Crow Agency and the Bureau of Indian  Affairs as well as the Little Big Horn College. He has served on  numerous boards and educational commissions. He even addressed the  United Nations. He passed away in April of 2016.   Mr. Speaker, while their friends and families know their great deeds,  I am honored to share this story with you and the rest of the country.   