 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure.   I would like to begin by thanking the chairman of the Foreign Affairs  Committee, Ed Royce; and the ranking member of the Africa, Global  Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations  Subcommittee, Karen Bass, for their hard work on this legislation.   The Africa Growth and Opportunity Act, AGOA, first passed by Congress  in the year 2000, has helped to foster a more robust trade relationship  between the United States and the nations of sub-Saharan Africa. AGOA  has helped to create economic opportunities for thousands of people in  Africa, while also benefiting U.S. farmers, manufacturers, and small  businesses by providing new markets for their goods.   The bill before us today will make AGOA even more effective. It  requires the creation of a website to make information about AGOA  benefits more readily available to both sub-Saharan partners and the  American people, and it provides much-needed technical assistance to  help eligible partners fully utilize the available trade benefits.   The legislation also provides new authorities for the Millennium  Challenge Corporation, an independent agency that is charged with  promoting economic growth, reducing poverty, and strengthening  institutions in eligible countries. Specifically, it will give MCC the  ability to enter into regional compacts by simultaneously engaging  several countries to fund investments that could benefit all of them.   We know economies fail if they are isolated. Coordinated investments  across the region will have an enormous beneficial impact on trade,  development, regional stability, and international investment.   There are several good opportunities for regional compacts. In west  Africa, MCC currently partners with 10 countries. In southern Africa,  MCC partners with three countries.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan measure.  The Africa Growth and Opportunity Act is a critical piece of  legislation that increases ties and helps foster deeper relationships  with partners throughout Africa.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Bass), the lead cosponsor of this legislation and the  ranking member of the Foreign Affairs' Subcommittee on Africa, Global  Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today in support of this measure.   Mr. Speaker, let me first thank our chairman of the Foreign Affairs  Committee, Ed Royce, and Ranking Member Eliot Engel, for their  leadership on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, malicious cyber activity has become a grave threat to  the United States and our allies.   In 2014, North Korea hacked Sony Pictures. In 2015, the Chinese stole  the personal data of millions of people from the Office of Personnel  Management.   In 2016, Russia illegally interfered in our Presidential election,  stealing election data and doing real damage to American democracy.   Now, in 2018, our midterm elections are at risk. Putin and his  cronies were not finished after the last election. They have hacked our  allies, and they will hack our elections again and again unless we do  something about it.   We cannot allow foreign governments to meddle in democracy and steal  data from our networks. To stand up against these threats, this bill  establishes a high-level ambassador to lead the State Department's  cyber diplomacy efforts. It also requires the Secretary of State to  create an international cyber policy that will improve international  cyber norms on security and democratic principles, including a  commitment to keep the internet free, open, and interoperable.   America cannot cede cyberspace to China or Russia. Now, more than  ever, we need to use all the tools we have to help shape international  norms, ramp up coordination with our partners, and stiffen our  defenses.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan measure,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode  Island (Mr. Langevin), co-chair of the Congressional Cybersecurity  Caucus.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   In closing, keeping the internet open, interoperable, and secure is  of critical importance to America's national security, economy, and  domestic values. We must use all the diplomatic tools to develop strong  international norms, bolster our cyber defenses, and promote internet  freedom. H.R. 3776 is a necessary step to ensure the United States  stays engaged on these critical issues.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. I want to start by  thanking Chairman Royce and Ranking Member Engel for their work on  global health and their efforts to bring this bill to the floor.  Chairman Royce has put in the time and effort to make sure the Foreign  Affairs Committee is frequently thought of as the most bipartisan  committee in Congress, and I thank him for his public service.   I also thank the Members who have cosponsored this bill, especially  Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart, who has graciously acted as the  Republican lead. Additionally, I thank the staffers who worked hard to  bring H.R. 1660 to the floor for consideration.   Infectious diseases and other health conditions still claim the lives  of nearly 9 million people each year. Emerging health threats, such as  drug resistance, pose a serious threat to human health across the  globe. New vaccines, drugs, tests, and other health tools are  desperately needed, but progress cannot be made without a sustained  investment in research and development.   U.S. investments in global health research are central components of  U.S. foreign policy to increase national security, strengthen U.S.  relations around the world, and reduce infectious diseases. The U.S.  has a legacy of leadership in global health research through agencies  like USAID.   This is why I was proud to introduce H.R. 1660, the Global Health  Innovation Act. This will provide the oversight needed to gain a  clearer picture of USAID's global health research and development.   Over the years, research and development projects have greatly  expanded at USAID, searching for advancements towards an HIV/AIDS-free  generation, preventable maternal and childhood deaths, and preventable  infectious diseases.   This legislation is an effort to keep up with USAID's efforts and  ensure their research and development activities reflect our goals and  priorities. This report asks them to provide clarity on their goals and  metrics to better understand their work.   H.R. 1660 directs the USAID Administrator to report annually to  Congress on the development and use of global health innovations in  USAID programs, projects, and activities. The report must also include  how the Agency measures progress towards their health-related goals.   I urge my colleagues to vote in support of H.R. 1660 to allow  Congress to exercise its oversight powers and ensure USAID's research  and development efforts reflect their priorities.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   