 Mr. Chairman, I thank my two colleagues from California.   Mr. Chairman, I am here rising in support of my amendment to H.R.  6237.   The underlying bill requires all members of the Foreign Service to  serve three consecutive terms if they have received language training  in certain languages. My amendment adds the Russian language to that  list.   Extending Foreign Service officers' length of service in these  positions is vital to our foreign policy and national security  objectives. Through this continuity of service, they can develop and  deploy their cultural and language expertise to make the most of our  diplomatic efforts in-country. Putin has become one of the greatest  antagonists of the United States. He attacked our elections and those  of our allies, and he is behind a number of cyber-related incidents  recently.   He has invaded sovereign nations when they looked toward  strengthening ties with the West. His government and government- controlled entities spread lies and misinformation about the United  States--not only in Russia, but here in the U.S. as well--through fake  social media accounts that attempt to sow division among all Americans.   He seeks to undermine all aspects of civil society and a free  political process that challenge him and his control over the Russian  Government and its people.   Putin presents a serious security threat to the United States and our  interests. We must respond to these actions through sanctions,  indictments, and other means, whether related to election interference,  incursions into Ukraine, or human rights violations.   However, we must also keep our eyes on the long game. Russian  language is broadly spoken around the globe, not just in Russia, but  across Eastern Europe and many parts of Central Asia as well.   Representing the United States and our ideals abroad means being able  to actually have meaningful person-to-person exchanges with local  communities and build the relationships that will help us combat  Putin's misinformation apparatus.   It means we can talk to local press in-country to clarify  misunderstandings and to communicate directly with the local population  about what we actually stand for. It means having the most accurate  understanding of real-time security information, so that the United  States can respond quickly and appropriately.   Today, we are not operating at full capacity in this regard when it  comes to Russia, and, frankly, we cannot afford to keep looking the  threat from Russia and Putin in the face and refusing not to do  everything we can about it.   We have heard many times that the Russian people themselves have  great  [[Page H6145]]  concern and great antagonism to Putin and his leadership. We need to  have skilled people fluent in the language and understanding the  culture there and on the front lines of our efforts to encourage them  to stand up within their own country, and to make sure that our allies  in Europe know that we are there, using every tool at our disposal to  stop his aggression and interference.   Mr. Chairman, I hope this amendment passes.   