 Madam President, within a few minutes, the Senate will  vote on ending debate on the nomination of Stephen Vaden to be the  General Counsel of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. I am glad to see  that. I am here to strongly support Mr. Vaden and urge my colleagues to  support him.   Stephen Vaden grew up on a family farm in Union City, TN, way out in  the west end of our State, and he has some academic credentials for  this job which are also very strong. He attended Vanderbilt University  and Yale Law School. He has had two strong mentors--Judge Julia Gibbons  of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, who was once my  counsel when I was Governor of Tennessee, and Judge Hardy Mays of the  U.S. District Court for the Western District of Tennessee. He practiced  with two distinguished law firms in Washington, DC. He has hands-on  academic credentials. He has hands-on farming credentials. He has a  strong background in legal training.   Mr. Vaden has the strong support of his Congressman, Mr.  David  Kustoff from West Tennessee. This is Davy Crockett's old congressional  district in Tennessee.   Tennessee Farm Bureau President Jeff Aiken said that Mr. Vaden ``has  a passion for agriculture that can't be taught but is necessary'' for  the job of General Counsel.   Secretary Perdue, Agriculture Secretary, said that Mr. Vaden ``has a  firm grasp of the legal issues facing American agriculture, and very  importantly, understands the breadth and complexity of the regulatory  burdens  [[Page S7078]]  placed on our producers.'' The Secretary finished by saying: ``Our  farmers, ranchers, foresters, and producers will be well served by his  counsel.''   I know the distinguished Presiding Officer has a strong interest and  a hands-on background in agriculture, and so do many other Members of  this body on both sides of the aisle. I am happy to strongly recommend  Stephen Vaden to my colleagues. I urge a ``yes'' vote on ending the  debate. Once that has ended, I urge a ``yes'' vote on confirmation of  his nomination by President Trump.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.   