 Thank you, Madam President. As the Presiding Officer  well knows, last December, Republicans voted to cut the taxes that  American families pay. We simplified the tax system. We made it fairer  and cut the rates.   Every single Democrat in the Senate voted against giving Americans  this tax relief that they needed--every single one of them. Democrats  claimed that only rich people would benefit and that businesses would  never share their savings with workers. The Democratic Leader, Senator  Schumer, actually said that tax cuts such as these only benefit the  wealthy and the powerful, to the exclusion of the middle class.   So what happened? What have we seen all across America? The American  people know that the Democrats were wrong. The very day the tax bill  passed the Congress, AT&T came out and said they were giving their  workers a bonus. The company said that 200,000 hard-working employees  were going to get an extra $1,000 each directly because of the tax  relief law. Over the next few weeks, more than 4 million Americans got  similar good news: They were going to get bonuses too. They learned  that they would be getting a bonus or a pay increase because of the tax  law.   More than 500 companies have said that because their taxes went down,  they were sharing the savings with their workers. In my home State of  Wyoming, these are people who work at places like Home Depot, Lowe's,  Walmart, and Starbucks. It is also people who work at small businesses,  like Taco John's and the Jonah Bank in Casper, WY. It is people who  work at the Bockman Group in Sheridan, WY. That is a local business  that specializes in fencing and excavation. I had a chance to meet with  all of those people. They said the employees would be getting raises  for one reason, and that is because of the tax law. The owner actually  said that with this tax cut, he would now move ahead with starting two  new businesses this year, employing more people. That means more jobs  and more economic opportunities for people in northeast Wyoming.   Another thing that we had a chance to talk about when the tax law was  passed was how this would affect people's utility bills. It started  happening right away. Americans noted that their utility bills starting  going down. There are more than 100 utility companies across the  country that have cut the rates they charge for electricity as a direct  result of the tax law. And it is not just electricity; it is gas bills,  water bills, all of the above.   Look at the number. One hundred and two utilities cut their rates  across the country. How much money does that add up to? How much money  did people actually save because bills are going down for families all  across the country because of the Republican tax cuts? The tax rate  cuts amount to a savings of $3 billion for American families who are  paying less money for utilities. That is an incredible savings for  American families.   Democrats said the companies would keep their tax savings. Instead,  the savings are being passed along to consumers. That is the way it was  supposed to work, that is the way it did work, and the benefit for  families across the country amounts to $3 billion in lower utility  rates.   Americans are starting to use more energy right now to keep their  homes cool this summer. It is that time of the year. These rate cuts  are very good news for families all across the country. When monthly  bills get cut, they have more money to save, spend, and invest. It is  their money, so they get to make those decisions on how they want to  use it. That is what happens when we change the tax laws. Washington  gets less, and taxpayers get to keep more.   Republicans cut taxes. Working Americans are seeing more money in  their own pockets as a result. I hear about it every weekend in  Wyoming. People are saying that this tax law has made a specific  difference in their lives--their personal lives, for them, their  families, and their children. They see it with their neighbors as well.  They get more money from their jobs, they pay less in taxes, and they  pay less for things, such as utility bills.   People are winning in three different ways because of the Republican  tax relief law. A lot of people are seeing more  [[Page S3878]]  good jobs now than ever before. The numbers came out last week. People  collecting unemployment insurance is at a 44-year low. They don't need  the unemployment benefits because they are working. We haven't seen  numbers this low since 1973. It is a sign that we have a very strong,  healthy, and a growing economy. People are keeping their jobs or  getting new and better jobs. If people get laid off or want to change  jobs, they can get a new one right away. They don't need to go on  unemployment. They don't need to collect unemployment insurance because  we have a strong, healthy, and growing economy right now.   The Labor Department said that there are now 6.7 million job openings  across the country. That is an alltime high. For the first time ever,  there are actually more job openings than there are unemployed people  who are looking for work--6.7 million openings, 6.3 million job  hunters. So when looking at some of these measures, the American  economy isn't just stronger than it was before the recession, it is  stronger than it has been in decades.   The Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta says that we are on a pace for  the economy to grow more than 4 percent in the second quarter of this  year. They actually say it may be as high as 4.6 percent. It is  astonishing.   The American people don't need an economist to tell them what they  see with their own two eyes in their own communities. They see that the  economy as strong, the economy is healthy, and the economy is growing.  All they need to do is look around their hometown, talk to their  neighbors, talk to their friends, see how people who might have been  out of work now have jobs and job opportunities. They are paying less  in taxes, keeping more of their hard-earned money, and they are seeing  it in their paychecks. The proof is in the paycheck.   I expect to see it again at home in Wyoming this weekend. Businesses  are hiring, workers are getting bonuses, raises, more money in their  pockets, more money in their paychecks. People across America are  feeling better about their opportunities. The opportunities are there.  They are real. They are being grasped by people all around the country.  There is confidence. There is an optimism we haven't had previously.  There is a positiveness in people's lives, and it is happening because  of the policies Republicans are implementing in Congress and in the  White House, in this partnership between a President and a Congress  committed to cutting taxes, to slashing regulations, to letting people  keep more of their hard-earned money. We have no intention of stopping  now.    Democrats are continuing to look for ways to slow things down, to  block the progress, and to change the subject. They don't want to talk  about any of these things. Republicans are looking for ways to keep  America growing and to keep America strong. That is what Republicans in  Congress are committed to doing.   The American people expect us to keep going, to keep looking for ways  to make America better, stronger, and safer. It is what the American  people expect from us, and it is exactly what Republicans are going to  continue to do.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   