 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Pennsylvania, and I  greatly appreciate the chairman for his unanimous consent request.   I want to thank Chairman Ros-Lehtinen for her tremendous leadership  in helping advance H.R. 2646, the United States Jordan Defense  Cooperation Extension Act. This bill is important because our  partnership with Jordan is important, and I want to quickly explain why  my constituents back home believe that this is important.   Those good-news headlines that we have read about, U.S. military  success against ISIS, are, in part, thanks to Jordan. Jordan is a key  partner in the international coalition to defeat ISIS and has fought  airstrikes right alongside us. Just last week, the U.S. finished  delivery of Black Hawk helicopters to Amman that are used to take  terrorists off the battlefield, helping to keep both our nations safer.   The bill before us today ensures that Jordan continues to get this  critical military assistance, but it does more than that. It also  ensures that Jordan gets the economic support it needs to care for over  1 million Syrian refugees now living in Jordan as a result of the war  next door. This influx has taken a huge toll on Jordan's resources.   Today, we are helping ease that burden with emergency services,  education, and access to clean water. In fact, Chairman Ros-Lehtinen  and I had an opportunity just a few years ago to see firsthand a USAID  project: a wastewater treatment facility that, today, is providing  access to clean water for millions of Jordanians.   This is the right thing to do both for America's strategic interests  and for American values. Jordan's stability is vital to regional  stability. Our commitment to an enduring strategic partnership with  Jordan is critical to our mission of defeating ISIS, caring for the  victims of war, and pursuing end-of-conflict agreements throughout the  Middle East.   Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank my colleagues for their bipartisan  support of this piece of legislation, and I urge all of us to vote  ``yes'' for H.R. 2646.   Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from the Philadelphia area  who has introduced this important piece of legislation with Mr.  Fitzpatrick, another fine Representative from the Philadelphia sports- loving area, which gives me the opportunity on the House floor to claim  my Pennsylvania roots and to congratulate the Philadelphia Eagles.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the U.S.-Ukraine Cybersecurity  Cooperation Act introduced by Mr. Boyle and Mr. Fitzpatrick. I thank  Chairman Royce for his ongoing leadership on this issue.   The director of the CIA, Mike Pompeo, said last week that he has  every expectation that Russia will again try to meddle in our  elections. That should concern us. It should also concern us that the  President has decided to ignore Congress and not impose sanctions  against Russia.   But Russia's attacks on the United States follow a playbook that they  have used in their own region, most recently against Ukraine.   In addition to rampant disinformation campaigns and political  interference, Russia has launched numerous cyber attacks against  Ukraine, including knocking out large swaths of its electrical grid in  massive attacks. Those capabilities could one day be used against us  here at home.   That is why the U.S.-Ukraine Cybersecurity Cooperation Act is so  important. The United States has an interest both in defending Ukraine  from Russian aggression and in securing our own defenses. Helping  Ukraine actually teaches us best practices for hardening our own  defenses against potential Russian attacks on our critical  infrastructure.   That is why I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1997, the U.S.- Ukraine Cybersecurity Cooperation Act.   Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the  balance of my time to close.   Let me say one thing that strikes me and saddens me. When I hold  townhalls or meetings with constituent groups, usually some variation  of this comment will be made: Why don't you guys get along? Why don't  you do something?   Actually, I then tell them about our work on the Foreign Affairs  Committee. I tell them that, under the leadership of Ed Royce and Eliot  Engel as well as the other members of the committee from both sides of  the aisle, a lot of work does get done and a real spirit of cooperation  prevails in our committee meetings. I think that this piece of  legislation is an example of that.    This is an important issue. We are standing up for Ukraine, but as I  mentioned earlier, we are also doing what is clearly in the best  interests of the United States.   Mr. Speaker, at the risk of sounding immodest, I urge passage of my  legislation, legislation that I have worked on very hard with Brian  Fitzpatrick.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   