 Mr. President, I rise in support of the nomination of the  Honorable Richard Clarida to be a member and Vice Chairman of the Board  of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.   Dr. Clarida has a breadth of private sector, government, and academic  experience involving both monetary policy and financial markets.   At his nomination hearing in the Banking Committee, he demonstrated  his expertise and provided members insight of how his background,  knowledge, and experience will aid the Federal Reserve Board and the  country.   This was evidenced when he received bipartisan support from members  of  [[Page S5976]]  the Banking Committee with a vote of 20-5.   Dr. Clarida currently serves as managing director and global  strategic advisor at PIMCO, a position he has held since 2006.   Previously, he served as Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for  Economic Policy from 2002 to 2003 and as a senior staff economist with  the Council of Economic Advisers from 1986 to 1987.   In his academic career, he was an assistant professor at Yale  University from 1983 to 1988 and has served as a professor of economics  at Columbia University in various capacities since 1988.   If confirmed, Dr. Clarida will play an important role in monetary  policy normalization.   Dr. Clarida has written extensively about monetary policy and, along  with others, developed a framework for monetary policy analysis that  has been widely cited and used by policymakers around the world.   Such expertise will be especially important as the Fed continues to  wind down its balance sheet and raise interest rates after years at the  zero lower bound.   The Fed has also begun the important work of implementing S. 2155,  the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act,  which was signed into law on May 24 of this year.   If confirmed as a member and Vice Chairman of the Board of Governors,  I look forward to working with Dr. Clarida on these important issues.   The Board of Governors currently has vacancies, with only three  sitting members to carry out its vital work.   I strongly support this nomination today and urge my colleagues to do  the same.   