 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, just 8 months ago, the Republicans jammed through their  massive, unpaid-for tax cut. Not a single Democrat voted for that bill,  and for good reason. Nonpartisan experts told us that the tax cut would  overwhelmingly benefit the wealthy and big corporations while  threatening our fiscal and economic health. It would  [[Page H9109]]  add more than $1 trillion to the Nation's debt. And the newest reports  on the impact of the tax law further confirm those dire warnings:  Corporate profits have soared, along with stock buybacks, while  working-class wages remain stagnant and income and wealth inequality  continue to grow.   Yet today, Republicans want to go even further, pushing their tax cut  2.0 legislation. It is not a surprise that they are extending the  provisions of their tax bill. The expirations were always gimmicks to  hide the true cost of the tax cut and evade the constraints on  reconciliation bills.   This new legislation, once again, benefits the wealthiest Americans  and adds trillions of dollars more to the Nation's debt in decades to  come, further jeopardizing the Nation's already rocky long-term fiscal  outlook.   This new tax cut 2.0 package, just like the one before it, is being  rushed through the House with no hearings and no input from the  American people. The Republican tax cut 2.0 legislation is another  irresponsible tax cut for the wealthy that threatens our long-term  fiscal and economic health, and we know how that story ends.   As Republicans have often demonstrated, they are committed to cutting  more taxes for the rich, fretting when deficits rise, and then  attacking crucial programs American families rely on, such as Medicare  and Social Security, to pay for the debt increase.   Let's not add more to this three-step process. This is not the time  to rush through another round of tax cuts. The rule before us would  allow for passage of this irresponsible legislation, and I urge my  colleagues to oppose the rule.   