 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Recently, our attention was rightly focused on one passenger who was  killed after jet engine failure.   Two years ago, July 30, 2016, 16 people were killed near Lockhart,  Texas, in the deadliest commercial balloon crash in our Nation's  history and the worst aviation disaster of any type in the last decade.   After that crash, this photo shows all that was left. Rightly, the  head of the National Transportation Safety Board expressed his  disappointment that the Federal Aviation Administration appears to be  shirking its responsibility for the many people who go out to enjoy a  commercial balloon flight.  [[Page H3517]]    Since 2016, I have repeatedly urged the FAA to adopt a safety  measure, long recommended by the NTSB, to help avert tragedies like  this.   The NTSB found that the FAA's refusal to require commercial balloon  operators to obtain a medical certificate that they are suitable for  flying contributed to this crash where so many were harmed.   My bipartisan amendment, that has been approved by the Rules  Committee, would end this exemption for commercial balloon operations  to ensure that there is not another family in America that is at risk  of injury or death from an impaired pilot.   Continued inaction is inexcusable and risks condemning more to death.   Uniting in Caldwell County around the courthouse in morning prayer to  remember the victims, a bell rang 16 times for each person who was  lost; families, coming together in their hurt, lovingly embraced by  that community.   You cannot un-ring a bell, and we cannot bring the precious lives  back that were lost in this crash. But from their loss, we can pass an  amendment that will help ensure that no other family needlessly  suffers.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the amendment in the course of the  debate.    Mr. Speaker, my hometown of Austin, Texas, is modestly  known as the ``Live Music Capital of the World.'' The title is well  justified, from the South by Southwest music festival in the spring, to  Austin City Limits on a couple of weekends in October. It is a  wonderful place for live music.   It is the musicians and those who support them in technical ways-- weekday, weekend, and in between--that make this industry so vital and  who contribute so much to our local economy.   This piece of legislation is a step in the right direction. There is  much more that needs to be done to ensure that our musicians and all  who are involved in the creative economy get their fair compensation.   I am pleased this step is taken because these are really not only  talented and creative people, but small-business people, and they  deserve to have the property that they generate--their talent, their  music, that adds so much joy to our lives--fairly compensated. This is  a good step forward, and I certainly support the legislation.   