 Mr. President, thank you very much, and I thank the  majority leader for this opportunity.   Let me thank my friend, my colleague, and our leader on the  Democratic side for his passionate personal commitment to this issue  involving the Dreamers and DACA. He has been by my side, and I have  been inspired by his leadership from the start.   Let me thank my colleagues. So many of you cast a vote that was very  hard and very difficult because you believed, as I did, that the issue  of immigration and the issue of the Dreamers is the civil rights issue  of our time. You stuck your necks out and said: I am willing to go on  record, even though it is hard to explain back home, and I will never  forget that.   The question now is how we move forward. What I have seen on the  floor of the Senate in the last few days is something we have not seen  for years--constructive, bipartisan conversations and dialogue on the  floor, not just about this issue, which is obviously front and center,  but about the future of this institution and what the Senate will be  from this point forward. That, to me, has been encouraging because it  says to me we do have an opportunity to work together.   My special thanks to Senator Susan Collins, my friend, and Senator  Lisa Murkowski for joining with Jeff Flake and joining with Lindsey  Graham and joining with Cory Gardner and others who have been working  on this issue for so long to try to make a positive impact on this  debate so we can move forward.   I cannot tell my colleagues how many have come up to me from the  other side of the aisle who said: We are with you on this issue. We  want to help get this done. Each of them has a little different take on  what that means, but I do believe them, and I do believe we have this  opportunity to move this together.   Now comes the real test as to whether we can get this done--whether  we can be the Senate again, whether we can return to regular order on  the floor and constructively have a debate. For some of you, it will be  the first time you have ever seen it, but believe me, it is worth the  price of admission, all it took for you to come to the U.S. Senate. So  now we have to stand together.   My last word is this: We have gathered the largest bipartisan group  of Senators to ever commit on moving forward on the Dream Act and  immigration. We have a process.   I thank Senator McConnell for explicitly saying today it will be a  level playing field. It will be open to both sides. We will move to the  issue, as you characterized it this morning, of DACA and immigration.  Thank you for doing that. I believe that then sets the stage for us to  work together.   For the first time in 5 years, we will have debate on the floor of  the Senate on the Dream Act and immigration. To all the Dreamers who  are watching today, don't give up. I know that your lives are hanging  in the balance on what we do here on Capitol Hill and with the White  House. Three weeks from now, I hope to be joining you and celebrating  the passage, with you and your families and your communities, of a  measure which will strengthen America and give you an opportunity to be  part of our future.    Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll.   