 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, ensuring that America's kids have access to  quality medical care is among my top priorities in the Senate. That is  why, long ago, I reached across the aisle to create the revolutionary  Children's Health Insurance Program, or CHIP.   I am proud to call CHIP my own. Teddy Kennedy and I faced an uphill  battle to get this bill passed, but we were willing to take the heat  because we knew it was the right thing to do--he came on board shortly  after I filed this bill--and I have never regretted it.   For more than 20 years, CHIP has served as a literal lifeline for  millions of children whose families could not have otherwise afforded  health insurance. Without exaggeration, this groundbreaking program has  saved thousands of young lives, and it has long stood as a symbol of  what our two parties can accomplish when we look beyond the horizon of  our differences to find common ground.   Sadly, in today's Washington, the bipartisan spirit that breathed  life into CHIP has been all but snuffed out. As a case in point, the  Democrats are now holding this healthcare program hostage to their own  radical agenda, using it as a bargaining chip in a dangerous political  game.   After months of hard work and good faith negotiation, the  progressives  [[Page S427]]  have, effectively, walked away from a once-in-a-generation deal to  extend CHIP for 6 years--the longest extension in the program's history  and something I would like to do. Unless Republicans cave to their  unreasonable demands, the Federal Government will remain shut down  for--who knows how long?   Rather than holding CHIP for ransom, I implore my friends on the left  to work with us not only to reauthorize this beloved program but also  to approve a Federal funding package so that we can get the government  back up and running.   Contrary to what the Senator from Ohio asserted just a few moments  ago, the Republicans have been working diligently this whole past year  to get CHIP across the finish line. We did not let CHIP funding lapse  but worked continually to make sure that there were sufficient funds  for the program even after the fiscal year.   Under no circumstances was I ever going to let CHIP expire without  taking care of it. That is why Senator Wyden and I engaged in a  bipartisan process, following regular order, back in the summer. We  came to an agreement together. We reported a CHIP bill out of committee  on a voice vote, with plenty of time to pass it through both Chambers.  Since that time, I have worked with leaders to ensure that the program  has been sufficiently funded in the short term until we could bring up  and pass our long-term extension.   Mr. President, the idea that we would have let funding lapse is  absurd, and the Senator from Ohio knows it. Moreover, the accusation  that Republicans have ignored CHIP is false on its face. Give me a  break. Our work is on the record, and anyone who tells you otherwise is  either severely misinformed or playing political games--something that  is not unusual around here, especially now.   Speaking of political games, Democrats are now saying that both CHIP  and DACA are a package deal, and there is no fixing one without the  other. Sounds like real support, doesn't it? But that simply isn't  true. We are imposing imaginary deadlines on ourselves that will leave  everyone worse off, both CHIP recipients and Dreamers alike. The truth  is, we can secure CHIP funding tonight, ensuring that the 9 million  kids who depend on this critical program will wake up tomorrow with the  promise of continued medical care. Resolving the CHIP crisis now will  then give us the breathing room we need to find a lasting solution on  the DACA issue.   Let's not pretend that right now is the do-or-die moment on  immigration reform. We have until March to resolve the issue, and we  are going to need all of that time to make sure this gets done right.   Quite frankly, I have had enough of the Democrats' arbitrary  deadlines, and I am offended by those who say that lawmakers who want  to spend more time to resolve the DACA issue don't care about Dreamers  and their families. I have stuck my neck out on immigration issues year  after year, and I have more to show for it than most. So the idea that  I don't care because I would rather do this right than simply do it now  is ridiculous.   As anyone who has served more than a single term in this body can  tell you, immigration is an incredibly complex issue filled with  pitfalls and surprises at every turn. An issue of this sensitivity  needs to be negotiated in good faith, not in the middle of a government  shutdown with a gun to our heads.   On the subject of immigration reform, I am bewildered by my  Democratic colleagues who insist on poisoning the well with an  unnecessary government shutdown. There is no reason for my colleagues  to pit their righteous crusade on immigration against their righteous  crusade for CHIP. This is simply a matter of priorities.   As it turns out, the American people agree with me. In fact, a CNN  poll released on Friday showed that a majority of Americans feel that  funding the government is more important than finding an immediate  solution to the DACA Program. We were extremely close to doing exactly  what the American people wanted. Bipartisan majorities in both the  House and Senate supported a noncontroversial bill to keep the  government funded. But Democrats filibustered this bill, voting instead  to shut down the government and block funding for CHIP. They own this  mess. Now we need to work together to clean it up. We won't make any  progress by continuing to invent imaginary deadlines.   Now is not the time for political brinksmanship but for responsible  governance. Millions are depending on us to do the right thing--and we  cannot let them down. So let's get this done, and let's get it done  right.   I suggest the absence of a quorum   