 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, briefly, the Roskam amendment does the  following:   It recognizes that my constituency, and I think a lot of others, want  the benefits of living near a large international airport but not as  much of the burden. Here is the backstory about what is going on.   My constituency is right next door to O'Hare Airport, which, as an  international airport, brings incredible convenience to my flying  constituents and also incredible commerce and opportunity. That is a  good thing.   The problem is the burdens of the noise of the airport rest  disproportionately with some communities. These are communities that  have found themselves with different flight patterns in different  situations where, all of a sudden, a flight pattern from years ago is  now something that they are seeing overhead.   One constituent of mine in Wayne, Illinois, complained that the noise  sometimes is 30 seconds apart for hours on end. Another complained that  their house actually shakes because of the planes that are flying so  close. Mr. Chairman, you can imagine how difficult this would be to  live in this type of situation.   Realizing that we want the benefits of an international airport and  also as quiet a situation as possible, I have worked with my Republican  and Democratic colleagues to find common ground.   A scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology has  completed computer modeling and found that reducing plane takeoff  speeds by 35 miles per hour would dramatically reduce the noise  pollution and only lengthen flight time by a mere 30 seconds.   This commonsense amendment directs the FAA to study this proposal and  report back to Congress on whether or not this will alleviate the  nuisance that too many of my constituents have had to deal with.   Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from across the aisle,  Congresswoman Speier, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from Oregon  for his support, and I yield back the balance of my time.   