 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, article II, section 2 of our Nation's  founding document grants the Senate the prerogative to confirm the  President's Cabinet nominees. One of those nominees--the current  administration's most important nominee, at least today and this week-- is Mike Pompeo, the current Director of the Central Intelligence  Agency.   Director Pompeo has been asked to become the Nation's chief diplomat,  the Secretary of State, and now filling this post is entirely up to the  Senate. The relevant questions couldn't be graver or more obvious.   Do we as a country, with so many longstanding relationships around  the world, really feel the need for, the utter necessity of a Secretary  of State or not? Do we believe in furthering international diplomacy by  filling this post expeditiously or not? Do peace talks--for example, in  North Korea--rank among our highest national priorities? Do we want to  demonstrate as much by confirming Mr. Pompeo so that those talks can  proceed, or is this Chamber too self-absorbed in partisan divides to  see the much bigger, global picture?   It is time to be serious about Director Pompeo and what this  nomination represents. The stakes are high, and the time is short. So  why is it, then, that some of our colleagues, all of a sudden, seem to  have suffered from sort of a situational amnesia?   Take this, for example. Our colleague from New Hampshire said last  year that Mike Pompeo's nomination for CIA Director demonstrated his  ``strong condemnation of Russian aggression'' and ``gives [her]  confidence'' that he can step into this role and effectively lead the  CIA. Now she seems to have forgotten those previous positive  statements. Frankly, it is hard to reconcile what she is saying now  about her vote on the nominee for Secretary of State and her vote on  the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency.   Now our friend from New Hampshire says she has deep concerns and  cannot support Director Pompeo's nomination to the State Department.  How is it that you support a nomination to be Director of the Central  Intelligence Agency--the leader of the intelligence community and an  Agency so important to our national security interests--and then turn  around and say you cannot support the nomination for Secretary of State  of the same person whom you have just spoken so highly about?   Well, like I said, it is hard for me to reconcile the differences.  Perhaps that would make sense if there were some allegation that  Director Pompeo had done a bad job leading the CIA, but no one thinks  that. Indeed, we have learned--from leaks, unfortunately--that he  traveled to meet with Kim Jong Un, the leader of North Korea, to lay  the foundation for the talks that will now occur between Kim Jong Un  and President Trump on denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula. I can't  imagine a more urgent, a more dangerous, and a more necessary  negotiation than the negotiation between President Trump and Kim Jong  Un.   Having been in Seoul last September and seeing how close North and  South Korea are, it is not just the nuclear weapons that could be put  on intercontinental ballistic missiles that we have to be concerned  about but the conventional weapons that are laid right there along the  demilitarized zone that could literally cause enormous loss of life and  bloodshed just across the border in South Korea.   So I applaud Director Pompeo going, at President Trump's request, on  that clandestine mission to try to pave the way to denuclearize North  Korea. If anything, my confidence in Director Pompeo's fitness to serve  as Secretary of State is enhanced by his role as a diplomat, even  during his current role as Director of the CIA.   Well, people are practically unanimous in their praise for Mike  Pompeo's conduct as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. It is  public knowledge that he has great rapport with the President. When you  are representing the U.S. Government to foreign governments, the  knowledge that the Secretary of State has a close working relationship  with the President of the United States is the coin of the realm. That  is why foreign leaders talk to the Secretary of State and take the  Secretary of State seriously.   Mike Pompeo has earned the President's trust through his hard work  and mastery of the intelligence work done at the CIA, and that has been  the reason why the President now seeks to elevate him to the office of  Secretary of State.   The objections of our colleague from New Hampshire, and by extension  her party, are not about anything substantive. Nobody is pointing to  something he did wrong or something they wish he would have done  differently as a reason to vote no. They think Director Pompeo is too  close to the President and asked whether and to what extent the  Director will be able to exercise independent judgment. This is the  chief diplomat of the United States, the chief representative of the  President of the United States, and our colleagues are asking: How can  he exercise independent judgment and separate himself from the person  who appoints him and at whose pleasure he serves?   It just doesn't make any sense.   Our other colleague, the senior Senator from California, has come  close to saying this very thing. She has said  [[Page S2336]]  about Director Pompeo that he is smart and he is hard-working and  devoted to protecting our country. This is our colleague from  California, Senator Feinstein, who voted to confirm him as Director of  the Central Intelligence Agency. She knows a lot about it, having been  chair of the Committee on Intelligence here in the Senate, but now she  says she senses a certain disdain for diplomacy in Mike Pompeo that she  believes disqualifies him to be our senior diplomat--the same person  who over Easter flew over to see Kim Jong Un to lay the groundwork for  this negotiation, which could well save hundreds of thousands and maybe  millions of lives that would be lost in the event there were military  conflict between North and South Korea and the United States and our  other allies.   Now, like our friend from New Hampshire, I admire the Senator from  California and enjoy working with her, but frankly I don't understand  her turnabout.   Mike Pompeo is thoughtful, careful, and has a remarkable ability to  see the world through multiple lenses at once. That is because of his  time at West Point, his service in the U.S. Army, and his experience  practicing as a lawyer. It is because he has worked as a leader in  business and he has represented the men and women of Kansas in  Congress. He knows the intelligence community inside and out, not only  from his service as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency but  also as a member of the House Permanent Select Committee on  Intelligence. He is indisputably smart, and he sees all the angles.  That is precisely what will serve him so well when the State Department  and others work tirelessly to untangle and resolve some of the most  intractable of issues--arms control, international security, human  rights violations, and religious freedom, just to name a few.   Well, what has happened since our friend from California said Mike  Pompeo is smart, hard-working, and devoted to protecting our country?  What has changed since then? Well, nothing has changed, except for  perhaps the political calculation that it is perhaps in the Democratic  Party's best political interest to oppose every one of President  Trump's policies and nominees because that way they stay out of trouble  with their political base. One reason Senators are elected for 6 years  from a whole State is, presumably, that we can get beyond those sorts  of parochial political concerns, particularly on matters of such  national and international import.   Our Democratic colleagues have made it no secret that they are not  fond of the President and some of his instincts and decisions, but  isn't that all the more reason for them to not sacrifice rational  judgment in the case of this highly qualified and widely revered  nominee? After all, defeating a Secretary of State nominee would be  extraordinary, historically speaking, and it would send a terrible  message to our friends and allies around the world. This is nothing to  be trifled with. President George W. Bush's first nominee, Colin  Powell, was confirmed by a unanimous voice vote. And his second,  Condoleezza Rice, had 85 Senators vote in her favor. Hillary Clinton  received only two no votes, and John Kerry only three. Every Secretary  of State nominee since 1925 has been reported out of the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee favorably. That may change today.   This body and this institution should not forget its own history and  traditions, and we should not give up on the tradition of  bipartisanship, goodwill, and fairness to the opposition.   I am proud to support Mike Pompeo as our next Secretary of State and  hope that all of our colleagues across the aisle will have the  political courage to join those of us voting yes.   I note that there have been some press releases, some announcements,  and a number of our colleagues have stepped forward and said they will  vote yes for Mike Pompeo as Secretary of State. I applaud them in their  political courage for standing against the tide.   For those who refuse--especially for the ones who have flip-flopped  in the matter of a year--Mike Pompeo is a human being, a public  servant, and somebody well trained and well prepared to be the Nation's  top diplomat. I just simply don't understand how they can reconcile  those two polar opposite positions, or perhaps they can explain it to  the American people. I cannot.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain).   