 Mr. President, I wish to join my bipartisan group of  colleagues who have been coming to the floor to talk about the very  important bill that we are debating and are going to be voting on here  in about an hour; that is, to help protect our children all across this  country from the horrible scourge of human trafficking and sex  trafficking. The Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act that we are debating  right now is important for the whole country, and it is certainly  important for my State of Alaska.   We have a big problem in Alaska with the challenges of domestic  violence and sexual assault at some of the highest rates in the  country. We also have a big problem with the challenges of human  trafficking and sex trafficking. A lot of people think that doesn't  happen in America. It happens in America. It is a horrible issue to  talk about, but it happens in our country.   There was a study done last year on young men and women in Alaska  receiving services from a homeless shelter for teenagers. My wife Julie  actually works at this homeless shelter, and one in four girls and one  in five boys who used the services of this teen homeless shelter  reported being victims of sex trafficking. This is a horrible number  for a very vulnerable society. We need to do more to address this  issue.   In this legislation, we are taking the fight to one of the places in  this country where human trafficking and sex trafficking are really  exploding, and that is the internet. The bipartisan legislation we are  debating right now will ensure that websites and other institutions on  the internet and the companies related that knowingly--and that is an  important word, ``knowingly''--facilitate sex trafficking can be held  accountable for their actions. It will also create new Federal crimes  related to promoting or facilitating human trafficking over the  internet and give more resources to State prosecutors to go after these  heinous crimes.   In the remarks from a whole host of Senators this morning, I think we  are seeing that we are going to make real progress in the fight against  online sex trafficking without threatening the years of progress we  have made in creating a free and open internet. Senator Portman, one of  the leaders of this effort, along with many others--Senator McCain and  his wife Cindy have been real champions and advocates for human  trafficking issues throughout America; Senator Blumenthal and so many  other Senators have been saying that this is a commonsense, targeted  approach to addressing this very big and growing problem.   We are going to vote in about an hour, and I hope all of my  colleagues will do the right thing and vote on these amendments that  are put out there as helpful amendments, but, to be honest, they are  meant to bring down the bill.   We cannot allow our children, whether in Alaska or across the  country, to be lured into this kind of Hell--and the more we hear in  terms of testimony, the more we recognize that what is going on over  the internet in this area is Hell mostly for the youth of America.    Our children should not be sold online or anywhere else.  Unfortunately, it is happening, and it is happening a lot, largely  because of the internet. The National Center for Missing & Exploited  Children reported, from 2010 to 2015, an 846-percent increase in the  number of children being trafficked--an over 800-percent increase in  America.   A lot of Americans think: Wait, really? That is a problem in Asia,  Southeast Asia, or other countries. But it is a growing problem in the  United States of America, and we need to address it.   As others have said on this floor, sex trafficking has moved from the  street corner to the smartphone, where it is much more difficult to  detect and much more difficult to stop, and it is one of the reasons we  see this dramatic increase in rates of human trafficking in our  country.   In the Commerce Committee, we had a hearing that covered this bill.  Some members of the tech industry were opposed, but I think the  overwhelming support that came out of that hearing was driven by the  real-world tragedies we started to hear from hundreds--thousands-- across the country that have occurred because of really lax laws and  immunity on the internet that was not intended for companies or  individuals who deal in sex trafficking and human trafficking. What we  saw from the report and the investigations that Senator Portman and  others did was that actually was what was happening.   For example, Senator Blumenthal earlier today talked about the very  tragic, sad, and moving testimony we heard last September in the  Commerce Committee from Yvonne Ambrose, whose 16-year-old daughter  Desiree Robinson was trafficked online by a pimp on the website,  Backpage. She was later raped and murdered by a 32-year-old man who  found her on that website. She was an American citizen, a 16-year-old  girl. If you had watched her mom's testimony of in front of the  Commerce Committee, you would be voting for this bill today.   Her mom ended her riveting and very sad testimony by saying: If there  were stricter rules in place for posting on these websites, then my  child would still be here with us today. It was a wrenching story and,  unfortunately, one that too many American mothers and fathers are  telling us.   We are going to vote on this today, and I hope all my colleagues vote  for more progress. As the Presiding Officer knows, on this issue, there  is actually positive progress that has been going on in the Congress. A  lot of times, when they read the news--my constituents back home in  Alaska and Americans throughout the country--they are always hearing  about conflict and how there is no progress in the Senate. We have some  difficult issues; there is no doubt about it. But on a lot of issues  there has been bipartisan progress, and in this area of human  trafficking, there has been significant bipartisan progress to finally  start addressing this growing problem in America--which, again, is  remarkable when you think about it--of young men and women trafficked  for sex in this country.   In 2017, we passed on a bipartisan basis the Abolish Human  Trafficking Act; in 2015, we passed the Justice for Victims of  Trafficking Act. Both were introduced by my friend and colleague,  Senator Cornyn of Texas. Senator Thune has been a leader on these  issues in the last couple of years in passing the No Human Trafficking  on Our Roads Act and Combating Human Trafficking in Commercial Vehicles  Act, which focused on the big problem we have seen in terms of the  transportation system in America being used for human trafficking. In  the Judiciary Committee, we passed Chairman Grassley's bill, the  Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act, which brought more  services to victims of these heinous crimes.   We are making progress, no doubt about it. But--and this is a very  important point--despite this strong record of addressing human  trafficking, when it comes to these crimes, some of the biggest things  we need more of in America to address them, because they are growing,  are resources--resources. To put it bluntly, there are too many cases,  there is too much of this happening, and there are not enough  resources, money, or prosecutors to put the bad individuals who are  doing this behind bars.   Many of these cases involving human trafficking are Federal crimes  that usually require Federal prosecutors to go after these Federal  offenses. As we all know, there are limited numbers of assistant U.S.  attorneys and Federal investigators to do this. So what have we done?  What have we done in the past few years? What are we doing today in  this vote to help address this? We have begun to change this issue of  resources to go after the perpetrators of these heinous crimes in a  much better way by allowing State attorneys general and State district  attorneys to actually prosecute these crimes, even though they are  Federal crimes. We are doing something in the law that says: We need  more prosecutors, we need more investigators, and we need more  resources. Let's unleash those in the States to help us address this  growing problem throughout our country.   So we are doing that, and we did it for the first time in the Justice  for Victims of Trafficking Act in 2015. This  [[Page S1865]]  bill, for which Senator Cornyn was the lead, actually incorporated a  bill that I had authored and had a lot of cosponsors on called the Mann  Act Cooperation amendment. We put that in as part of the broader bill  in 2015.   The Mann Act is the Federal law that makes it a criminal offense to  transport someone across State lines for the purposes of prostitution  and human trafficking. In my experience back home in Alaska, as  attorney general, we had challenges in this regard. As a matter of  fact, there was a very notorious case of a bad man--a very corrupt  man--who a lot of people knew in Alaska, and he was engaged in this  kind of activity with young girls from the Native villages in my State.  We investigated it and realized that he violated not a State law but a  Federal law. It was very clear that it was a human trafficking  violation of the Mann Act.   When I was attorney general, my office went to the Feds, and we said:  Here you go. Here is the evidence. This guy violated the Mann Act. He  is a bad man. He should go to jail. We need to send a signal.   It is a rather long story. It is a sad story. But for whatever  reason--I have wondered for years, and I have looked into this for  years--the Federal Government wouldn't take the case.   I said to the Feds: Then, let my prosecutors take the case. We will  take the case. You just need to cross-designate us. Let the State  attorney general's office take these Federal laws and prosecute them  against this guy. We will do it.   They still didn't allow us to do it. There were rumors in Alaska:  Hey, what was going on here? Was there some kind of deal cut between  the Feds and this guy who was a really bad guy and who was in jail for  something else?   When I got to the Senate, I said: We are not going to let that kind  of injustice happen again.   That was an injustice. A man who violated the Mann Act and clearly  committed the crime of human trafficking is a free man right now. That  shouldn't be the case.   As part of the Justice for Victims of Human Trafficking Act in 2015,  we had a provision. My bill essentially said this: If a State attorney  general brings a Mann Act case--a human trafficking violation case,  Federal case--to the Attorney General of the United States, saying that  we need to be cross-designated to prosecute--maybe the Feds don't have  the resources; maybe they don't have the time--then, the Attorney  General of the United States shall allow the cross-designation for more  State attorneys general to prosecute these cases, unless it would  undermine the administration of justice. That is in the law. State  attorneys generals right now can go prosecute Mann Act cases. That is  more resources, more investigators, and more prosecutors.   That is going to be in the law that we are voting on today. One of  the elements--an important element--of the Stop Enabling Sex  Traffickers Act, which we are voting on and debating now, is to allow  State attorneys general the power and the authority to bring actions  against those who violate Federal law for internet-based sex  trafficking.   We are bringing the resources in these kind of cases. That is an  important innovation in the development of the bill that we are voting  on today. Just like in the previous legislation, State attorneys  general can now bring these cases. If we pass this law today, that will  mean more resources, more investigators, and more prosecutors for the  perpetrators of these heinous crimes. To all the bad guys out there who  are undertaking these crimes, when we vote to pass this legislation  today, that is going to be a bad day for you because we are going to  have more resources and the ability to put you in jail with this vote  today.   As I mentioned, we have a big problem in this country. We have a long  way to go in terms of human trafficking, sex trafficking, which is  hitting all parts of America. Congress is focused on it, and I am  hopeful that we will pass this legislation this afternoon for one more  step in the right direction on addressing this issue.   I yield the floor.   