 Mr. President, when I am back home in Wyoming, as I am  every weekend, people will often tell me about how they have suffered  under the healthcare law known as ObamaCare. I have been able to give  them some very good news recently about things that Republicans in  Congress and this administration have done to help people get out of  the ObamaCare problems they have been having and escape some of the  problems that have been caused by the law.   This is a headline in the Wall Street Journal from June 20: ``Exit  From ObamaCare.'' It is something that I have been working on ever  since the law was passed. What I have been able to tell people at home  in Wyoming is that we have now scrapped the law's terribly unpopular  individual mandate. We did that successfully this past year so that  people aren't forced to buy insurance that may not be right for them or  their families and, certainly, much more expensive than they would like  to pay.   That individual mandate was part of the law that said that every  American--everyone--had to have insurance, not that worked for them but  that Washington dictated, even if it wasn't the right choice for them  or their family.   I have told people about the work we have been doing to expand  people's options, their choices, and their freedom to use what are  called short-term, limited duration health plans. These are less  expensive health plans. They are free from the expensive, intrusive,  and burdensome regulations that ObamaCare has placed on the insurance  that they have been forced to buy.   Thanks to President Trump, I am now able to point to the latest thing  that Republicans have done to help millions of Americans get the care  they need from a doctor they choose at a lower cost to them.   Last week, the Department of Labor expanded the availability of what  have been known as association health plans. This Wall Street Journal  editorial called ``Exit From ObamaCare,'' I believe, is the best  example of it.   The idea is very simple. Large employers in this country can offer  their workers a variety of good health insurance plans, and they can do  it because they have the negotiating leverage that comes with a large  group of employers. Well, small businesses and people who work for  themselves don't have that same ability, that same leverage. Their  workers are often stuck looking for expensive coverage, and the place  where it seems to be most expensive, certainly, that I see, is in the  ObamaCare markets.   So an association health plan lets these groups of individuals, or  just individuals themselves, band together and negotiate as if they  were one big business. They get much better deals. So maybe it is like  all the Lyft drivers or Uber drivers or independent truck drivers  working in a State or working across State lines all joining together  or the small businesses that are members of the city's chamber of  commerce--all of those small businesses doing that. We have seen that  in Las Vegas, where the chamber of commerce there has been providing  opportunities for all of the small businesses to come together. They  have done it for over 30 years, but it was outlawed by the Obama  healthcare law. Once again, these businesses can now join together to  offer the same opportunities for coverage that the healthcare law  reserved only for people who worked with big businesses. It is a way  for people now--small businesses and their workers--to escape the  ObamaCare marketplace that has failed so many people across the  country.  [[Page S4389]]    According to one estimate, Americans who sign up for one of these  association health plans could save close to $10,000 a year on their  premiums compared to the individual ObamaCare market. The plans would  come with the same protections people get if they do work for large  companies and they have the same protections for people with  preexisting conditions, which, to me, is critical. My wife is a breast  cancer survivor--multiple operations, chemotherapy. It is important  that we continue to protect people with preexisting conditions, and  this does it.   We have all the same protections against losing coverage if someone  in the family gets sick, but it just allows them to join together in a  group to have much better buying opportunities and lower costs. They  will have the same protections for people who want to cover their adult  children up to 26 years of age. They will have the same bans on  lifetime limits for how much the insurance will pay.   Where I live in Wyoming, most of the businesses we have are small  businesses. It is the nature of our State. It is a rural economy. They  are the small shop owners, ice cream stores, and florists on the  corners. When I talk to people in Wyoming, every one of them considers  themselves a small business in the sense that they don't really use the  word ``small'' very much because they just think of themselves as  businesses in our State, businesses in our communities, businesses that  our families rely on and go to and shop at regularly. These are people  who want to do right by their workers, and they want to offer a lot of  the same benefits that bigger companies have and offer their workers.    So this new move by the Trump administration really does give all of  them a chance to do that, specifically when it comes to health  insurance and benefits for their employees.   So Republican policies have been so successful at creating a thriving  and growing economy that we now have more job openings in America than  we actually have people looking for work. That is how strong this  economic recovery has become.   Small businesses really do need to be able to offer these better  health benefits in order to compete for workers. They need to be able  to compete to provide affordable insurance so they can afford to  provide it for their workers. At the same time, people who own  insurance have seen prices more than double under ObamaCare. We need to  help those people get back to more reasonable rates so they are getting  the care they need from a doctor they want at a cost they can afford.   When Democrats wrote the healthcare law and passed it on straight  party-line votes, they actually targeted small businesses and forced  them to pay more. That is hard to believe, but it is true. So  Republicans are leveling the playing field.   Under this new plan--this exit from ObamaCare--it has been estimated  by the Congressional Budget Office that 4 million Americans will sign  up for this new option--4 million Americans. That is how popular this  is going to be. For people who don't have insurance right now because  they can't afford it, they are saying that 400,000 more Americans who  currently don't have insurance will be able to get insurance because it  will now be affordable for them. So they will finally have a chance to  get the high-quality insurance they couldn't afford under the mandates  of ObamaCare.   This isn't something that anyone is going to be required to sign up  for. It is something about which people will have the freedom to make  decisions and choices and the flexibility to see what works best for  them. That is what it is about--freedom and flexibility and choice.  People can decide for themselves if one of these association health  plans is the best option for them, the best option for their workers or  for their families. They will choose one of these plans only if they  decide it gives them better coverage and better value. Isn't that what  people want? They want choices and value for the money they spend.   It is interesting that just as a result of the fact that these  associated health plans came out and the options were provided,  Democrats don't seem to like the fact that Americans will have this  kind of choice. Washington Democrats like to talk about the benefits of  union workers being able to get together to negotiate for things like  better healthcare, but the same Democrats here in the Senate oppose  this new action by the Trump administration that just lets workers get  together to negotiate for better, more affordable healthcare coverage.  The only difference here is that the Republicans want to give this  opportunity to people who are self-employed or who work for small  businesses.   It does seem to be that the Democrats want to reserve the right only  for the union members--the big unions--and maybe they are the ones who  fund their Democratic campaigns for reelection.   There is nothing in the new association health plans that tries to  lure younger, healthy people away from ObamaCare plans. It just says  that here is a choice. Nothing requires people or businesses to  participate. It just provides millions of Americans with a choice:  ObamaCare or an association health plan. That is the difference. You  take a look and see what works best for you. See what you find value  in, where you are going to get value for your dollars, and make that  decision.   Republicans are for opportunities and options. Democrats seem to be  more for mandates and restrictions. We like to offer options,  opportunities, and openness. I think the American people prefer options  in this land of opportunity.   Democrats are going to go out on the campaign trail and claim that  what we have done now with these association health plans is to  sabotage ObamaCare. I have heard them talk. Don't believe it. If the  only way ObamaCare can survive is to force millions of hard-working  Americans to pay too much for their health insurance, then, ObamaCare  is the problem. Democrats don't seem to want to admit that. They also  don't really want to change any of the things that are broken in the  American healthcare system. They want it to stay broken so they can  push the plan for what we have heard some of the Democrats refer to as  a single-payer health plan. That is a completely government-run  healthcare system, where all of the bills are paid by the taxpayers. It  has become the liberal litmus test for the Democrats.   We are going to hear them a lot more talking about that in the weeks  and months ahead. When I look at that as a doctor who has practiced  medicine for 25 years, as an orthopedic surgeon taking care of families  in Wyoming, and having taken care of people from Canada, where they  have a single-payer system--a government-run system--what I have seen  from the patients I have taken care of who have come from Canada to the  United States for care--why did they come if it is free in Canada?--is  that they came because they couldn't afford to wait as long as they  would have to wait to get the care.   So when we look at what has been proposed by a number of the  Democrats, cosponsored by many--a single-payer healthcare system, a  government-run insurance plan--we are talking about a program with  higher taxes, longer lines, and fewer choices. I believe that is not  what the American people want. What they want is an exit from ObamaCare  into much more affordable insurance, something that works for them,  something where they have an opportunity to make their own choices and  have the flexibility to evaluate what is best for them and their  families.   We are offering real solutions to improve healthcare in this country.  We are giving families more freedom and more flexibility to choose what  works for them, not what Washington dictates.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   