 Mr. President, this morning I listened to the remarks  by Senator Schumer, the minority leader, and for a minute, while  listening to him, I was worried that Senator Harry Reid was back  disguised as Senator Schumer. After all, I used to hear a lot of false  comments about the Judiciary Committee's work from the misinformed  former minority leader.   This year, the minority leader first fretted that this Senator, as  chairman of the Judiciary Committee, would be ``twisted by leadership''  in the course of reviewing Judge Kavanaugh's nomination to the Supreme  Court. Of course, that is false, but it was strange to hear a complaint  about leadership intervening in committee business from a Democratic  leader who appears to be doing just that.   As far as his other comments on the Supreme Court confirmation  process, I would like to reiterate a few points I made over the last  couple of weeks.   The Senate Judiciary Committee will have a thorough, modern, and  efficient process for reviewing Judge Kavanaugh's qualifications. As I  explained yesterday, Senators already have access to Judge Kavanaugh's  307 opinions that he offered over a 12-year period of time when he was  a DC Circuit Court judge, the hundreds more opinions he joined, and of  course the 6,168 pages of materials he submitted as part of his Senate  Judiciary Committee questionnaire.   For the benefit of the public, if you want to get into the weeds on  this stuff, you can go to the Judiciary Committee's website and get all  of this information that I just mentioned. These materials are the most  relevant to assessing Judge Kavanaugh's legal thinking.   We expect to receive more than 1 million pages of documents from  Judge Kavanaugh's time in the White House Counsel's Office and the  Office of Independent Counsel. This will be the largest document  production in connection with a Supreme Court nominee ever. By  comparison, we received only about 170,000 pages of White House records  for Justice Kagan.   Democratic leaders want gratuitous and unnecessary paper from Judge  Kavanaugh's time as White House Staff Secretary. This is an  unreasonable request, and I think they know it.   Democratic leaders are already committed to opposing Judge Kavanaugh.  We have minority Leader Schumer himself saying he would fight Judge  Kavanaugh ``with everything he's got.''   Yesterday one colleague said that supporting Judge Kavanaugh is  ``complicit'' and ``evil.'' That is quite an offensive statement. It  doesn't sound like they are interested in assessing Judge Kavanaugh's  qualifications in the way everybody ought to approach this--with an  open mind.   Their bloated demands are an obvious attempt to obstruct this  confirmation process.   It gets worse. The Democratic leaders are even demanding to search  each and every email from other White House staffers that even mentions  Judge Kavanaugh while he served in the White House. That is beyond  unreasonable. Such a request would not help us understand this  nominee's legal thinking. And shouldn't that be what we are  concentrating on? If you want to know what kind of a Justice a person  is going to be on the Supreme Court, that involves his approach to all  of the legal matters that he has to confront now and if he gets on the  Supreme Court.   The Obama administration, with Senate Democrats' strong backing,  refused to approve such records for Justice Kagan's confirmation. And  this stunning demand is clear evidence that the Democratic leaders  aren't interested in anything but obstruction.   Democratic leaders insist on all of these extra documents because the  Senate received Justice Kagan's relevant White House records in 2010.  But let me point out to my colleagues that there is a significant  difference between this nominee, who has served 12 years already on the  court and Justice Kagan, who was not a judge. Of course, with Justice  Kagan not being a judge, there was no judicial track record for us to  follow. She was an esteemed dean of the law school at Harvard  University. That is very prestigious and shows a lot of high  qualifications, but it is not the record of a judge for us to look to.   There was a higher need for additional information that might shed  light on her legal thinking then. Judge Kavanaugh, by contrast, has  offered more than 300 opinions and joined in hundreds more.   The Staff Secretary is undoubtedly an important and demanding  position, as Judge Kavanaugh himself and many others have said. But  Staff Secretary documents are not very useful in showing Judge  Kavanaugh's legal thinking. His primary job as Staff Secretary at the  White House was not to provide his own advice. Instead, he was  primarily  [[Page S5344]]  responsible for making sure that documents prepared by other executive  branch offices were presented to the President.   In addition to being the least relevant to assessing Judge  Kavanaugh's legal thinking, the Staff Secretary documents contain among  the most sensitive White House documents. They contain information and  advice sent directly to the President from a wide range of policy  advisers.   Democratic leaders now say they want to follow the so-called ``Kagan  standard,'' but they seem to forget how we approached that nomination.  Republicans and Democrats alike agreed to forgo a request for her  Solicitor General documents because of their sensitivity.   Senators Leahy and Sessions, because they were the ranking Republican  and chairman at the time, came to that agreement, even though Justice  Kagan had no judicial record to review. And they agreed to these terms  despite Justice Kagan's own statement that her tenure in the Solicitor  General's office would provide insight into the kind of Justice she  would be.   Obviously, with his long record on the DC Circuit, Judge Kavanaugh  doesn't have this problem. There is plenty of paper for people to  observe the kind of person we could expect him to be on the Supreme  Court.   The need for confidentiality is substantially higher for documents  passing through the Staff Secretary's office than the Solicitor  General's office. Under the precedent set by Justice Kagan, we  shouldn't expect access to Staff Secretary records. We already have  access to a voluminous judicial record, and we will have access to the  largest document production for a Supreme Court nominee ever.   The Democrats' demands for even more documents are unreasonable and  clearly intended to obstruct this confirmation process.   I yield the floor   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   