 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.  [[Page H10414]]    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 7227. I am proud of the  product and of the process.   I thank the gentleman from South Carolina for all of his help and all  of his great work.   Let me also thank Chairman Brady for his tireless work and commitment  to this bill. From start to finish, he worked with us to advance good,  responsible policy. This afternoon, I again thank him, the gentlewoman  from Kansas (Ms. Jenkins), and the gentleman from Florida (Mr.  Buchanan) for serving as partners in leading this effort.   I also thank our staff again for their good and great work. They  refused to give up; they refused to give in. They worked together on  behalf of the American taxpayers and of the American people, and they  did a great and superb job.   For over a year, the Ways and Means Oversight Subcommittee hosted  hearings and roundtables. We listened and asked questions. We asked  Democratic and Republican Members to share their concerns and ideas. We  reached out to taxpayers and advocates. We negotiated. We took our  time, and, Mr. Speaker, I believe that we did it and we did it right.   Together, we developed a bill that improves the independent appeals  process and taxpayer services. We worked together to ensure that  taxpayers--especially those who are low-income, disabled, and senior  citizens--receive fair, quality, and timely help and support.   For these reasons, I am especially proud of our work to prevent  private debt collectors from excessively targeting low-income  taxpayers. As a result, our bill will ease the burden on those who are  already struggling to keep a roof over their head and food on the  table.   From the beginning, we committed to bipartisanship, and we refused to  abandon our course.   I believe that this experience took our subcommittee and our  institution back to our roots. Mr. Speaker, at every crossroad, we  remembered the lessons from the past and chose to put the taxpayer  first.   The process was transparent and inclusive, and the product is strong  and timely.   For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to  support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   