 Mr. Chairman, it is hard to believe, but almost 5 years  ago, Collin, Mike, we were on the floor of this very Chamber when we  took up the previous farm bill, a farm bill that was well crafted and  well intended. And on that day, if you remember, folks of good  principle on both extremes of the perspective together managed to bring  the bill down.   Now, why do I bring that up? Because I simply want to remind all my  colleagues, no farm bill is ever simple. They are all hard.  Circumstances change from cycle to cycle, crop to crop, but it is  always hard to do a farm bill.   So why are we here? Why do we keep going through this process?  Because, ultimately, we need to pass a comprehensive piece of  legislation that will make sure we have the ability to raise the food  and fiber that our neighbors need; that we can sell into the world  markets to meet their needs; and, yes, that we provide the ability,  through this same piece of legislation, so that our neighbors, who,  through tough times, through, most often, circumstances beyond their  control, have the ability to access enough of that food to meet their  needs.   So, yes, we have to have a farm bill. We have to have a farm bill. I  would say to all my colleagues, this is a step in the long march to  ultimately creating a final document that involves the other body and  requires a signature by the Chief Executive of this country.   Let's debate and argue and fight out amendments tonight and tomorrow  and the next day. Let's avoid what happened 5 years ago by doing things  that would try to kill the process. Let's keep the process moving  forward. Let's refine. Let's perfect. Let's pass a comprehensive farm  bill so the people who feed and clothe us have the ability to do it, so  those who need help in receiving the resources they need have the  ability to do it.   We have no less option: Good faith. Do what you need to do, but let's  get it done. There are people depending on us everywhere and around the  world today.   