 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come here in fulfillment of a promise  that I made a couple of months ago to bring to the attention of the  American people an injustice that is occurring in Turkey.   I am here to talk about an American pastor, Andrew Brunson. He is  from a church. He is from western North Carolina. He spent 20 years in  Turkey as a missionary. He started out just doing missionary work  without a church. Then he built a very small church that maybe can  house 100 people, in Izmir.   After the coup in 2016, Pastor Brunson was apprehended, and he has  [[Page S4885]]  been in prison ever since. He was imprisoned for almost 19 months  without any charges. For the vast majority of that time, he was in a  cell designed for 8 people that had 21 in it, without charges. Earlier  this year there were charges levied against him that are just  absolutely absurd. I know from firsthand experience.    After the indictment was issued, I heard through channels and through  his wife Norine that Pastor Brunson was afraid that the American people  were going to read this indictment, believe it, and turn their backs on  him. So it was important for me to go to Turkey and let him know that  is the last thing we are going to do and that I was going to bring this  to the American people's attention until he was released.   I went back about a month later. I sat through a court proceeding in  a Turkish courtroom for about 12 hours, and I heard some of the most  absurd claims you can possibly imagine. They were charges that would  not keep an American citizen or a foreign national in an American jail  for the afternoon. Yet they have kept him in prison for 642 days.   This afternoon I am going to be traveling to Brussels to be a part of  the NATO meeting that we have. I am going to seek to speak once again  with the Turkish officials to tell them that justice needs to be  served. Pastor Brunson needs to come home.   Pastor Brunson has a court date next week. It could be the last  hearing, and he could be subject to a 35-year sentence. He is a little  over 50 years old. So that is effectively a life sentence.   The charges are basically this. He has been a missionary. He has been  providing humanitarian relief to Syrian refugees, to the Turkish  people, and actually just offering and preaching the Word to those who  want to hear it.   So I ask President Erdogan and the Turkish officials to please let  justice be served. Let Andrew Brunson come home.   The last thing we are working on--and I hope it no longer has to be a  provision in the NDAA--is that if he doesn't get released, we have to  rethink our relationship with this NATO ally that has been in the NATO  alliance since 1952. We have to ask ourselves about ramifications if a  NATO ally will hold people illegally, imprison them, sweep them up--in  a legitimate effort to tamp down an illegal coup--and hold this man  hostage.   I hope I come to the floor in a couple of weeks thanking the Turkish  Government, the Turkish people, and the Turkish judiciary for having  justice served. The only way I believe justice will be served is when  Andrew Brunson comes home. Until he does, I will come back here every  week to continue to bring attention to this issue. It should be  important to every American.   If any American is traveling to Turkey, right now I am not sure I  would because you could have a meal, you could have a light on for a  couple of hours in your hotel room. These are the types of charges that  have been used as a basis for saying that this man was conspiring to  plot a coup and was conspiring to support terrorist organizations-- eating a meal that looks like a meal that certain terrorist  organizations like, which, incidentally, is a very popular meal in the  Middle East; having a light on upstairs, in a room, incidentally, that  doesn't have windows that some secret witness said could only be on  because they were plotting some nefarious activity.   I thank the Members of this body--some 70 Members--who signed on to a  letter expressing their concern with his illegal detention. I promise  Pastor Brunson and I promise any American citizen and some of those  Turkish citizens who work with the State Department that as long as I  am a Senator, I will be bringing attention to this injustice until  justice is served.   