 Mr. President, I rise to honor two people from my State  and yours who served in World War II and are being celebrated in  Northwest Louisiana--Charles Davis and Doug Curtis. Both are 92 years  old.   Mr. Davis celebrates his 93rd birthday in 2 days, and so on the  behalf of the Presiding Officer and certainly on my behalf, I wish him  a happy birthday.   These American heroes are part of the ``greatest generation.''   Mr. Davis joined the Navy when he was 16 years old, just after Pearl  Harbor was bombed in 1941. Imagine that--16 years old, leaving home,  volunteering to face a world of danger to defend our country.   He bravely served 6 years at Iwo Jima, Okinawa, Guadalcanal, Solomon  Islands, Cape Esperance, and more. His courage was tested on numerous  occasions. One example was when the ship on which he served was  destroyed, leaving him and his fellow crew members stranded in the  middle of the ocean, with only life vests to keep them alive for 37  hours. Charles said he spent a lot of time talking to God during those  painful hours--particularly painful because his brother, serving on the  same ship, did not live. Such a trying ordeal, a terrible loss.   When Charles talks about his life, he speaks with humility and  gratitude about his life experiences. He says he lived a great life, in  no small part due to the great country we live in.   Asked how he remains always so positive, he says: Every morning, you  can decide to have a good day or a bad day, and for him, he says, it is  not a tough choice.   Mr. Doug Curtis served from January 1944 to August 1946, starting in  Little Rock, AR. He deployed overseas to the Philippines and Japan,  prepared to do whatever was needed, pledging patriotic duty to protect  our country and the people he loved.   A special celebration is being thrown on December 14, tomorrow in  Many, LA, to honor Charles and Doug. My office will present them both  with American flags which have flown over this Capitol Building. It is  a small gesture but meant to honor these two men and to celebrate their  service and sacrifice.   I thank these great Louisiana heroes for their service to our  country, and, Mr. President, I will convey your thanks as well.   I yield the floor.   