 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for  yielding me this time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Elie Wiesel Genocide and  Atrocities Prevention Act.   I thank my good friend, the chairman of the Foreign Affairs  Committee, Mr. Royce, and Ranking Member Engel for their support in  bringing this important legislation to the floor today.   I also appreciate the work of Ambassador Wagner on this measure, and  I am proud to be a cosponsor and the lead Democrat on this bill with  Congresswoman Wagner.   Standing up against genocide and mass atrocities is a critical  responsibility for the United States. There is no other country in the  world that can hold other nations accountable but the United States. No  other country can do it like we can--not France, not Germany, not Great  Britain, certainly not China, especially not Russia. No other country  in history has had the moral suasion of the United States.   Many of us are concerned about what is happening to our country right  now and our positioning in being able to push back against atrocities  and human rights violations around the world. I would be remiss if I  didn't mention a concern for what took place yesterday in Helsinki as  an example of a growing concern of our ability to hold and to sway  moral convictions on these issues. But it is a responsibility that is  important to our country and, more importantly, it is a responsibility  that is important to our world.   If you walk down Independence Avenue and to the Holocaust Memorial  Museum, you will see and hear the words, ``Never again.'' It is a  phrase that brings to mind some of the world's worst atrocities and  most heinous crimes.   As Elie Wiesel, who this bill is named after, and a man whom I had  the opportunity to know and be in his company  [[Page H6318]]  on many occasions, wrote, `Never again' is more than a set of words. He  went on to say, ``It's a prayer, a promise, a vow. . . . And never  again the glorification of base, ugly, dark violence.''   It also reminds us that taking responsibility for stopping atrocities  is incumbent on all of us. It requires us to put ourselves in the shoes  of the victims and to think about what we hope would be done if we were  in their place, if we faced that horror, if we faced those atrocities.  What would we want to be done on our behalf?   The measure before us takes a step in that direction. It encourages  the government to meet regularly and take steps to predict and prevent  mass atrocities. It gives strong support for the Atrocities Prevention  Board.    And it requires the training of foreign service officers  on how to take steps to recognize and prevent genocide and other  atrocities.   It is not as strong a bill as Representative Wagner and I would have  liked it to have been. I know we both wanted to see more in this bill.  But, as with most legislation, this is a very important first step,  upon which I know further progress will be made down the road.   This is an important signal from Congress that preventing atrocities  must be part and parcel of the United States foreign policy in the  White House, the State Department, the intelligence community, and  throughout our government.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support its passage, and I encourage my  colleagues to do so as well.   