 Madam President, to my colleagues, let me just say that  we must speak out and act.   President Trump's appearance with Russia's President Putin--a U.S.  President capitulating to a strongman dictator, unprecedented in  American history--compromised America's national security and brings  into question whether America can be relied upon as the leader of the  free world.   With Mr. Trump standing with Mr. Putin while he discredited America's  investigation into Russian meddling--this is an American President,  with a dictator, challenging the investigation being done against  Russia--the President questioned the conclusions of U.S. intelligence  agencies. He left unchallenged Mr. Putin's lies and illegal military  invasions.   In short, Mr. Trump did Mr. Putin's bidding. In Russia, they are  smiling; at the White House, they are scrambling.   Congress must speak out and act. Congress must repudiate the  President's actions to make clear to the American people and the world  that Russia, directed by Mr. Putin, attacked our free election system  in 2016 and tried to tip the scales in favor of Mr. Trump.   Russia illegally invaded the sovereign state of Ukraine and illegally  annexed Crimea, which the United States must make clear we will never  recognize. Russia, under Mr. Putin, murders its political opponents and  journalists. Russia has interfered in the politics of several European  democratic states.   Six months ago, I authored, on behalf of the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee Democrats, a report entitled ``Putin's Asymmetrical Assault  on Democracy in Russia and Europe: Implications for U.S. National  Security.''   I sent a copy of that report to President Trump and hoped that he  would absorb it and use it in his meeting with  [[Page S5040]]  Mr. Putin. Unfortunately, he either didn't read it or didn't heed the  advice in that report.   That report spells out in detail the asymmetrical arsenal that Mr.  Putin uses. Yes, he uses his military, propaganda, and cyber; he  supports organized crime and corruption, weaponizes energy, and  supports fringe political groups, all to attack our democratic system  of government.   The report spells out numerous recommendations for steps we should  take to protect our national security against what Russia is trying to  do to us. The report spells out several recommendations I just want to  underscore today. We urge the President to assert Presidential  leadership and launch a national response, an interagency response, so  we make it clear that we will not tolerate this.   Mr. Trump has done just the opposite. He has downplayed any  significance to what Russia has done, has not allowed us to have a  coordinated effort with the executive branch, and has fought what  Congress has tried to do in giving him additional resources in order to  prepare us against what Mr. Putin is doing.   The report goes on to further recommend that we expose and freeze  Kremlin-linked dirty money. The administration has not done that.   It goes on to say that we should subject state hybrid threat actors  to an escalating sanctions regime. Here Congress did act. We passed the  CAATSA statute, which requires--these are mandatory sanctions against  Russia because of what they did to us in 2016 and what they did in  regard to the Ukraine and their other activities. This administration  has not fully utilized those sanctions that are available under the  legislation we passed.   The report calls for publicizing the Kremlin's global malign  influence efforts and building an international coalition to counter  hybrid threats. Mr. Trump did just the opposite in his most recent  foreign trip. In his performance in Brussels with NATO and then later  in London, he not only took the opportunity to criticize two of our  closest allies, Mrs. Merkel in Germany and Ms. May in London, England-- the U.K.--but he also challenged the unity of Europe, weighing in with  regard to Brexit and the politics of Brexit. That is not how the  President brings unity among our allies in order to stand tall against  the threats of Russia.   The report goes on to say that we need to build global cyber defenses  and norms. Congress has appropriated funds; the administration has not  fully utilized those funds.   We need to hold social media companies accountable. We see the  infiltration of Russia into our social media platforms. Europe has  already taken action to make sure that it identifies and is protected  against infiltration of foreign entities getting involved in trying to  influence policy in their country. The United States, under Mr. Trump,  has not taken similar action.   First and foremost, we need to recognize Russia for what it is  today--not the Russian people, but under the leadership of Mr. Putin,  Russia is an adversary. They are against our system of government, and  they are trying to bring down our system of government.   I saw the President's tweet this morning, and I just want to  acknowledge that we want to have relations with all countries in the  world. I want the relationship between the United States and Russia to  be on a better plateau, but it has to be under our terms, not Mr.  Putin's terms. That is the problem with what the President did in  Helsinki. He allowed Mr. Putin to control the dialogue and allowed Mr.  Putin to look as though everything he is doing is reasonable when it is  not. If you give Mr. Putin space, he will push to fill it, and then he  will go even further.   Ten years ago, Mr. Putin saw an opportunity. He saw an opportunity to  put a wedge in regard to the NATO expansion and the growth of a unified  Western Front. He saw that opportunity in the independent state of  Georgia, and he took advantage of that. Russian troops invaded. They  are still there today, and Georgia is still not part of NATO.   Mr. Putin's strategy paid off. The Western World gave him that open  space; he took advantage of it.   In 2014, Mr. Putin, based upon his experience in Georgia--and also,  by the way, based upon his experience in Moldova--said ``Well, we can  do the same in Ukraine,'' and they invaded Ukraine. They took over  Crimea; they illegally annexed Crimea, and guess what. Ukraine, today,  is nowhere closer to being a NATO ally as a result of Mr. Putin's  strategies.   It worked for him, not for us. That is not in our national security  interest. The President gives him a pass.   They tried it in Montenegro. Russia financed operations of a coup to  try to prevent the parliamentary elections from having a government  that would ratify NATO. The people of Montenegro stood up and said no.  They fought it, and they won. Now Montenegro is a NATO ally. We can't  give this space to Mr. Putin.   Mr. Putin, not just in the United States, but in Europe, interfered  in elections. But what happened in 2016 in America? This is a fact;  this is not subject to debate. We know that Russia, directed by Mr.  Putin, interfered in our elections. That has been confirmed by our  intelligence community. It has been confirmed by our own Intelligence  Committee here in the U.S. Senate. This is not something that you  debate. We know that is a fact. We understand the President has tried  to convince the public here in America that may not be true, but those  are the facts. We know the facts. We are privy to the facts.   We know that Russia interfered in our elections, but the message from  Helsinki, President Trump's message to President Putin, is: OK. Let's  move on. That gives space to Mr. Putin. His calculation: 2018 is fair  game. I can do whatever I want in the U.S. elections. After all, I know  the President will be on my side and will not hold me, Russia,  accountable for interference in the U.S. elections.   That is certainly not in our interest. Congress must speak out and  act. We have to protect this country. It is our responsibility. We are  an independent branch of government. We need to speak out on behalf of  our Nation.   Let me just lay out issues that I hope we will work on not only in  response to the President's summit with Mr. Putin but also because it  is our responsibility as an independent branch of government to speak  out for America.   First, we need to protect the integrity of the Mueller investigation.  I am not going to prejudge what the Mueller investigation will come in  with. I have confidence that Mr. Mueller will do his work.   Mr. Trump has been openly critical over and over and over and over  again about this investigation. It is outrageous that the head of the  executive branch of government is trying to compromise the checks and  balances in our own system, but we have to make sure that the checks  and balances remain. We have to make sure that we protect the integrity  of the Mueller investigation.   Congress needs to pass legislation, and there is legislation that has  been recommended by our Judiciary Committee that would protect the  integrity of the Mueller campaign. We should take up that legislation  and pass it immediately.   I said that I will not prejudge what Mr. Mueller will come in with.  We know there are people who have been indicted. We know that Russia  has been engaged in the election. We know that some Americans were  involved.   Was there collusion with the Trump campaign? It will be up to the  Mueller investigation to give us those findings. But we do know from  Helsinki that Mr. Trump openly colluded with Mr. Putin in regard to an  orchestrated message coming out of Helsinki.   Secondly, Congress needs to exercise its oversight capacity with  hearings. That is our responsibility.   I was pleased to see that Senator Corker announced that Mike Pompeo,  the Secretary of State, will be before the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee on Wednesday of next week. This meeting is long overdue.   Let me just remind my colleagues that this meeting is being set up to  get our very first briefing on what happened in Singapore in the  President's meeting with Kim Jong Un in North Korea. We haven't had a  single briefing in Congress on the North Korean summit.   Now we have Mr. Pompeo coming up here for North Korea. I urge Mr.  Pompeo and Senator Corker to make sure that Mr. Pompeo is prepared and  has the time not only to address North  [[Page S5041]]  Korea but also to address what happened in Helsinki. We have a right,  an obligation, to find out.   While we are able to question representatives from the executive  branch in regard to Helsinki, let's make sure that we have a chance to  talk to Jon Huntsman, our Ambassador to Russia, to get his take, his  assessment of what happened. We need to talk to our Director of  National Intelligence as to his assessments. We need to have oversight  hearings here in Congress.   Most importantly, we need to understand what happened in the room-- where it happened--where Mr. Putin and Mr. Trump spent over 2 hours. We  have no information about what happened in that room. We have a  responsibility as Members of Congress to understand what discussions  took place, what commitments in regard to our elections, in regard to  Ukraine, in regard to Syria, in regard to North Korea, in regard to  Iran. We have a lot of interest in knowing what took place, and we  should get that information now. That is our constitutional  responsibility. We need to speak out and act to carry out our  responsibility.    This is not a partisan issue. This is a constitutional issue of what  we do. We are a check and balance in the system. The public expects us  to act that way and to get that information.   We should also strengthen the sanctions regime against Russia. I say  that mindful that the bill we passed last year, the CAASTA bill--I  worked very closely with my colleagues in drafting that bill--provides  a whole array of options to President Trump to impose new sanctions  against Russia for their activities. Many of these sanctions, by the  way, are mandatory. The President has no discretion. I say that with  some disbelief because these sanctions have not been imposed yet, even  though they are mandatory sanctions.   So Congress needs to speak out and act. We need to speak out to make  sure these sanctions are indeed imposed, and we have to make sure we  strengthen the sanctions regime, if the President needs more of a  reminder or needs additional tools in order to act against Russia. One  thing we want to make crystal clear is, we don't want to see the  weakening of any of these sanctions. I think many of us know about  conversations that took place in the past about Mr. Trump's thoughts  about easing up some of these sanctions. We have to make sure that, in  fact, they are not.   It was interesting that during the summit, there was a conversation  against Mr. Browder about the Magnitsky sanctions that have been  imposed by Congress. Browder worked with Senator McCain on that  legislation. We have to make sure those sanctions remain in place and  are strengthened, not weakened. That is our responsibility to make sure  that takes place.   We must also make sure that we protect the integrity of our election  system. We have appropriated funds for this. There is legislation that  is pending by Members of the Senate on both sides of the aisle. We now  know we are even more vulnerable. We have seen some indictments of late  that point out what Russia could be doing in the 2018 elections, which  are only less than 4 months away.   One of the fundamental principles of our democracy is our free and  fair elections. We have a responsibility to make sure they are free  from international tampering and the influence Russia may try to play  in this election cycle. We need to take concrete steps to make sure  that is done.   Lastly, I suggest that the Senate go on record repudiating President  Trump's actions in Helsinki. The Republican leadership should bring to  the floor of the U.S. Senate such a resolution. It is our  responsibility to consider such a resolution.   By passing such a resolution, we can restore confidence to the  American people and to the world that the United States, indeed, is the  leader of the free world.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   