 Mr. Chair, I am continually asked why I believe we need  to increase our financial support for our national security.   My credentials as a fiscal hawk could be perceived as contrary to my  concerns on insufficient national security funding. I realize that our  Federal Government has a variety of choices to either increase or  diminish specific programs that, in the entirety, make a more efficient  and effective government.   However, when it comes to our national security, our choices are  quickly limited. It is painfully obvious that our Nation's military is  at a crossroads. We can choose to retreat from the world and allow  other nations to dictate the circumstances of our fiscal health, or we  can choose to lead from the front and shape the affairs of our national  security.   I choose the latter. I choose a military that can provide for our  domestic security and is capable of protecting our national interests  abroad.   Our force structure is rapidly diminishing. The capability and  capacity that were provided during the Reagan military buildup era are  quickly coming to an end. We have 11 aircraft carriers but are  currently on track to reduce to 9 aircraft carriers in the next 30  years. Our attack submarine force structure will be reduced by 20  percent in the next 10 years. Our Air Force is the oldest, smallest,  and least ready force in its history.   The axiom of ``quantity has a quality all of its own'' will be sorely  tested.   Distressingly, our military readiness continues to atrophy. We lost  17 sailors in 2 ship collisions last year. We lost 25 airmen in 2 C-130  transport incidents.   We continue to see the impacts of the lack of readiness attention. As  we review the reduction of our force structure along with increased  accident rates over the last year, it is clear that we need to address  both current readiness and future readiness concerns in this bill.   Mr. Chairman, I think our committee does a good job of prioritizing  current and future readiness and efficiently acquiring required ships  and aircraft.   I am particularly pleased that H.R. 5515 authorizes 13 ships, which  includes the original 10 ships in the fiscal year 2019 budget request  as well as an additional 3 battle force ships, including 1 Ford-class  aircraft carrier and 2 additional LCS.   The bill authorizes advanced procurement for two additional Virginia- class submarines and authorized multiyear procurement for the Marine  Corps' next amphibious ship class, LPD Flight II.   It also continues the critical research and development into the B-21  Raider  [[Page H4372]]  program and Columbia-class ballistic missile submarine. These  investments continue strategic priorities that will serve to address  our Nation's future readiness.   Mr. Chair, in closing, I want to recognize my ranking member, Mr. Joe  Courtney, for his continued advocacy and bipartisan approach to rebuild  our Navy. He has been an extraordinary proponent for an increased Navy  presence, particularly in the undersea community. His insight has been  instrumental in shaping the subcommittee mark.   I also want to thank Chairman Thornberry for his continued efforts  and effective leadership as he navigates the twists and turns of the  budget process and appropriations alignment. Our national security  would be significantly diminished without his exemplary efforts.   I also want to thank Ranking Member Smith for his continued  collaboration and cooperation in this bipartisan approach to make sure  that we produce the best bill possible.   I also would like to thank the staff for their extraordinary efforts,  and I encourage my colleagues to support the National Defense  Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019.   