 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairwoman Brooks  for putting this Special Order together and taking time to call  attention to some good news. Good news is out there. It is hard to find  sometimes on the news, but tax reform, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is all  about good news.   What is astonishing is the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was already having  an impact even before it became law. The hope of the cuts that were to  come were causing our economy to grow at nearly double the rate that it  was under the previous administration.   And now we have seen deeds, not just words. We have seen actions  transform the idea of tax cuts into enacted tax cuts, things that have  transformed the expectation of 1\1/2\ percent growth, the path that had  our economy stagnating, take-home pay stagnating, and no hope for the  growth that our parents once knew to be part of the American future.   Today, we are seeing 3 percent growth. We may even see more than 4  percent growth in this quarter. The experts said this wasn't going to  happen and, instead, what we have seen is the power of ideas, the power  of those ideas becoming law, and now we are seeing that show up in our  economy.   What does that mean for families in Ohio? Hardworking families are  getting more home take-home pay. They are creating more opportunities.  The ability to change jobs and find a better-paying one with better  benefits is out there because everyone I am talking to is hiring.   This is great news for Ohio, a State that just a short time ago was  reeling from over 400,000 jobs lost, a fleeting economy, and a State  savings account that was raided to just 89 cents left in Ohio's  treasury.   Today, Ohio's manufacturers are hiring. In fact, nearly every company  that I have met with is hiring, and their problem is they can't hire  fast enough. They are looking for more good workers, and this is  creating better opportunities for hardworking Ohioans and better  opportunities for American companies. Because we didn't just cut taxes,  we reformed taxes, and we made changes that make it so companies are  investing in Ohio, in America again, and this is creating these jobs.   Places like Staub Manufacturing Solutions have seen an uptick in  sales, employment, and optimism. They have grown their team from 23 to  37 employees over the last year, and they recently expanded by  acquiring a new building.   Hartzler Propeller in Troy, Ohio, is experiencing the same optimism  and continues to grow and invest in the future of their employees and  their investment in Ohio.   How does this happen?  [[Page H5646]]    The framework has to be right. It is not more government or less  government; it is the right kind of government. It is the kind of  government that has made America the world's land of opportunity.   America has always attracted the best goods, services, capital,  ideas, and people that flow freely and flourish here in America because  we have the certainty of a good regulatory framework, not an excessive,  burdensome regulatory framework. We have seen that burden lifted, and  we have seen it complemented by strong tax reform, important tax cuts,  and we have seen the result is more jobs, more than a million created  in the 6 months since this bill became law.   The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is a constructive policy for jobs, for  prosperity, and for a promising economic future for everyone in  America.   