 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bipartisan  bill and in strong support of our continued efforts to combat this  terrible opioid epidemic that has ravaged virtually every community  across the country and so many families as well.   We all know someone who is impacted and affected by this epidemic,  and certainly my corner of the State is no different than any other  part of the country. We are struggling.   There have been real bipartisan efforts, wins, in recent years, to  address the problem. CARA, as Chairman Walden said a little bit  earlier, as part of 21st Century Cures, provided billions of dollars  for communities across the country and is delivering real results to  those who are suffering. Clearly, more work is demanded and remains.   This bill, the ACE Research Act, is part of that work. It is a  bipartisan bill that I have had the pleasure to work on with my good  colleague and friend from Michigan, Debbie Dingell. It is a balanced  bill that better allows the National Institutes of Health to partner  with innovative companies doing cutting-edge research to get  nonaddictive pain medication to those in need. That is what this bill  does. It is essential in combating the opioid epidemic.   During the hearings that we held in the Energy and Commerce  Committee, Francis Collins, the director of the NIH, requested that the  NIH be given more flexibility to pursue these new avenues. I know that  my colleague Debbie Dingell and I both had dinner last week with  Francis Collins, and he was very excited to hear that it was scheduled  for the House floor today. We look forward to its passage.   The advances in innovation can offer real hope to those who are  suffering. Folks in Michigan and across the country are counting on the  power of innovation to help us solve the opioid crisis. Let's give them  what they deserve and pass this legislation. I look forward to getting  it to the President's desk.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the time, and I will  be short.   This bill is important. It is bipartisan, and it ensures that  patients will have access to the full continuum of care.   It is important to make sure that Congress and CMS understand how  those dollars for Medicaid are being used. Whether that is under a  waiver, whether it is under managed care, under fee for service, the  goal of this legislation is to identify those gaps in our knowledge and  to leverage MACPAC's research capabilities to address those gaps for  the betterment of patients not only in Michigan but, obviously, around  the country.   So this simply requires that Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access  Commission submit to Congress a report on the information about  services furnished to Medicaid enrollees who are patients in an  institute of mental disease, IMD, including standards that they must  follow, including quality standards and recommendations how they can  include the data collection for IMDs. This is going to be better for  everybody, which is one of the reasons why it should have no  opposition.   I appreciate the leadership of Mike Burgess, the chair of the Health  Subcommittee, and Chairman Walden, and our friends on the other side of  the aisle who, again, worked with us to make sure that this could be a  reality this afternoon.   I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this bill.   