 Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the ranking member of the  House Financial Services Committee, Representative Maxine Waters, for  calling us together to honor someone whom I consider to be a great  American.   I rise today to honor this great public servant, a trailblazer in  this House, the longest serving female Member in the history of the  U.S. House of Representatives, my great friend, the gentlewoman from  Ohio, Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur.   Congresswoman Kaptur is more than just a senior member of the House  Appropriations Committee. She is a mentor to many of us, including me.   The Congresswoman rose from a humble, hardworking family in Toledo to  become a champion for jobs with justice, women in the workplace,  children's healthcare, and strengthening Social Security and Medicare.   She also is one of the most respected voices for human rights and  freedom around the world, especially for Ukraine as it faces military  aggression and constant threats from the Russian Federation.   Congresswoman Kaptur also shares my absolute commitment to protecting  wilderness areas, our national shorelines and forests, and standing  strong against those special interests who would sacrifice clean air  and safe water for short-term profit.   Finally, Congresswoman Kaptur shares my lifelong interest in history  and helping Americans understand that we all stand on the shoulders of  the brave men and women who came before us. That is why she was one of  the earliest advocates for the World War II Memorial, a long overdue  tribute to the Greatest Generation who defended freedom at its moment  of greatest peril and saved the world.   Congresswoman Kaptur continues to stand tall for seniors, veterans,  working families, and the core values of the people of Ohio. Her hard  work is greatly respected on both sides of the aisle, and I am truly  blessed to call her my good friend.   There is one story I would like to relate on a personal note, and we  discussed it today at her reception earlier. During my college days, I  was a full-time worker in this body. I was a member of the staff of the  Office of the Doorkeeper. My door was the west door on the Republican  side because Tip O'Neill did not want me to congregate with my dad who  was a Member of this body. Our job was to memorize the picture book of  every Member, especially the incoming freshmen. In the winter of 1982,  I had to memorize her picture to know who she was to be able to  identify her. Back in those days, life was simpler because we were the  security for this floor. So that is how I first met Marcy Kaptur. I  will always call her my friend.   Congresswoman, congratulations on reaching this historic milestone in  service to your constituents and our country. God bless you.   