 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S2303]]     Mr. President, I rise today because of what is on our  schedule for next week. Next week, the Senate will consider the  nomination by the President for his Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo.   This is one of those times that I want to compliment the  administration on a great pick. Mike Pompeo is a great leader. Mike, as  a teenager, decided he wanted to go to West Point. Not only did he  graduate from West Point, he graduated from West Point at the top of  his class. He went into one of the least likely places, the Cavalry. He  was a magnificent leader within the U.S. Army Cavalry.   He went on to Harvard Law School, and he earned his law degree, but  he didn't stop there. He was invited to be part of the Harvard Law  Review, which is a very special cadre of individuals.   He left and started an aerospace company, as many know--a very  successful business. After that, because he believed community service  was important, he ran for the U.S. House of Representatives, State of  Kansas, where he served three terms with great distinction.   He was tapped, all of a sudden, to the Director of the CIA in one of  the most challenging times to be involved in intelligence, much less to  be the Director of the CIA.   By all accounts, those of us who serve on the Intelligence Committee  and those people within the intelligence community but, more  importantly, our partners around the world, after a very short period  of time, have gained unbelievable respect for Mike Pompeo.   It is tough for me to believe that this is not a nomination we are  passing like the last two Secretaries of State, John Kerry and Senator  Hillary Clinton. The vote was 94 to 2 for both of them. I was here. I  am pretty sure that I supported both of them, and it is not because I  aligned with them politically. It is because I inherently believe that  a President has the right to pick his nominees and for those nominees  to serve, and short of something that is a disqualifier that the Senate  finds in their background, the President should have the authority to  have that person serve.   I just described to you the background of Mike Pompeo. Somebody is  going to be hard-pressed to show me anything that is a disqualifier-- other than politics. This institution has shown that politics never  plays a part in nominations, whether we are in charge or whether the  other side is in charge, regardless of who is at the White House.   This institution has been bogged down because nominations take weeks.  We pass nobody under unanimous consent. Everybody is a challenge. It  makes you wonder why people like Mike Pompeo would, in fact, go through  the process to be confirmed.   Let me remind my colleagues, we just confirmed him for his post, so  he has already been confirmed to serve in the administration in one of  the most challenging jobs--the CIA Director. For some reason, people  now find that he is not qualified to be Secretary of State. What could  it be, other than politics, that comes into play?   I am here to attest to my colleagues that Mike Pompeo is a good man.  He is a good husband. He is a good father. He has been a great leader.  As a Member of the Senate with the charge of confirming nominees, I  would say that this is the type of person we pray will be sent to us by  the executive branch to confirm in a role.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle--you may have  differences with positions he has taken in the past, but for God's  sake, do not question his qualifications to be a great leader. He has  proved it. Do not question his background from a standpoint of  education or his commitment to the country. He has passed the hardest  tests in education, and, more importantly, he has passed the most  important test of patriotism. He has served his country with  distinction. My hope, my plea with my fellow colleagues is that they  will allow Mike Pompeo to continue to serve his country, this time in  the role of Secretary of State. I urge my colleagues to support him.   I yield back my time.   