 Mr. President, first, I thank Senator Whitehouse for  bringing this issue to the attention of our colleagues and the American  people. As Senator Whitehouse points out, we have seen from the White  House, from the President, an effort to try to undermine the  credibility of the independent investigation being done by the  Department of Justice under Mr. Mueller. These are very serious issues,  and I hope every Member of this Chamber will support the independence  of that investigation and speak loudly against any interference,  wherever it may come from.   Then, Senator Whitehouse has brought up the second issue; that is,  Mr. Putin has been extremely active in regard to activities against  U.S. interests. I appreciate Senator Whitehouse referencing a report  that was released on January 10 of this year. It was as a result of a  full year's operation by the staff of the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee to document Mr. Putin's reckless assault against democratic  institutions, universal values, and the rule of law--the asymmetric  arsenal he uses to accomplish that attack against democratic  institutions, which includes cyber attacks, disinformation, support for  fringe political groups, weaponization of energy resources, organized  crime, corruption, and, yes, military aggression. He has used every one  of those tools to compromise democratic institutions in Europe and,  yes, in the United States.   Mr. Putin was extremely active in the 2016 election. That has now  been verified without any question. A report I authored goes through 19  European countries in which Mr. Putin has been active against  democratic institutions.   I share with my colleagues that the President of the OSCE  Parliamentary Assembly was in town today. He is meeting with government  officials. He knows firsthand Mr. Putin's aggression because there are  Russian troops in Georgia today affecting its sovereignty, as there are  Russian troops in Moldova, as there are Russian troops in Ukraine. The  people of Montenegro saw the hand of Mr. Putin when he held a coup  against their authority. The people of the United Kingdom saw Mr.  Putin's efforts as he got involved in the Brexit referendum. The people  of France and Germany saw Mr. Putin's aggression as he tried to  interfere with their free elections.   Countries have stepped up. They said: Enough is enough. We have seen,  with strong leadership, that you can counter the activities  successfully of what Russia is trying to do. The right mixture of  political will, of defense and deterrence can work, and, yes, as  Senator Whitehouse pointed out, we in Congress acted. We recognized the  threat of Russia. We passed the Countering America's Adversaries  Through Sanctions Act, the CAATS Act. It was a bipartisan effort that  tightened some of the sanctions under the Obama-era Executive order on  Ukraine and passed new mandatory sanctions against Russia because of  its activities.    There were sanctions imposed in regard to the Russian Federation's  undermining cybersecurity. There were sanctions related to Russia's  crude oil products. There were sanctions authorized with respect to  Russian and other foreign financial institutions. There were sanctions  imposed against Russia for significant corruption in the Russian  Federation. There were sanctions with respect to certain transactions  with foreign sanctions evaders and serious human rights abusers in the  Russian Federation. There were mandatory sanctions with respect to  persons who engaged in transactions with the intelligence and defense  sectors of the Government of the Russian Federation.   Why? Because they were interfering in our elections.   There were sanctions with respect to investment in or in the  facilitation of the privatization of state-owned assets by the Russian  Federation.   Why? Because that helped finance Mr. Putin's activities.   There were sanctions with respect to the transfer of arms and related  materiel to Syria.   Each one of those sanctions gave new authority to the President of  the United States to impose sanctions against Russia for its  activities.   I said earlier that, where countries have shown leadership, it has  been effective in countering Mr. Putin's activities. With President  Trump, there have been no sanctions. Not one has been brought forward  under the law passed by the Congress of the United States. By 98, 99  percent, the House and Senate approved the sanctions. The Trump  administration has imposed zero.   Mr. Trump has failed to acknowledge that Mr. Putin has even been  engaged in our 2016 elections. He said: I talked to Mr. Putin. He  seemed like he was telling me the truth when he said he wasn't  involved--even though it was the unanimous view of our intelligence  community and the facts had very clearly been laid out to the American  people that Mr. Putin had been actively engaged in the 2016 elections.   Yes, we have seen, very recently, Russia's engagement in the Czech  election. We have seen this movie before where the candidate, in his  advocating for stronger ties to European institutions, is targeted by a  barrage of fake news stories that spreads across online platforms,  which he alleges have been directed by Russian security services  [[Page S640]]  and entities tied to them--a direct assault against the Czech  Republic's democratic institutions.   As Senator Whitehouse pointed out, when asked in an interview if  Russia would try to influence the midterm elections of the United  States, our CIA Director, Michael Pompeo, replied: ``Of course. I have  every expectation that they will continue to try and do that.''   So where is the Trump administration in its taking action to protect  our democratic institutions?   This is not a partisan issue. There is a long tradition of  Republicans and Democrats working together in Congress to counter  Russian Government aggression abroad and abuse against its own  citizens, our allies, and democratic institutions. The sanctions bill  that passed in 2017 had near-unanimous support. It was crafted and  developed by Democrats and Republicans who worked together.   The strength and durability of our political system relies on such  bipartisan solutions to our national security challenges. There is a  series of recommendations that were in the report I referred to  earlier, those of working with our allies to develop cybersecurity  issues, to working with NATO to understand what the article V response  should be to cyber attacks, to finding alternative ways to stop Russia  from using energy as a weapon. It starts with Presidential leadership.   We must take care to point out that there is a distinction between  Mr. Putin's corrupt regime and the people of Russia, who have been some  of his most frequent and long-suffering victims. Many Russian citizens,  like Sergei Magnitsky, strive for a transparent, accountable government  that operates under the democratic rule of law, and we hope for better  relations in the future with a Russian Government that reflects these  imperatives.   In the meantime, the United States must work with our allies to build  defenses against Mr. Putin's asymmetric arsenal and strengthen our  international norms and values to deter such behavior by Russia or any  other country. It starts with leadership from the White House, and it  starts with imposing the sanctions that were approved by Congress.   