 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the opportunity  to lead this effort.   Mr. Speaker, the United States has the strongest, deepest, and most  liquid markets in the world, which has helped hardworking Americans  save for everything from college, to home ownership, to retirement.   However, over time, our capital markets have become, frankly, less  stable, less efficient, and less liquid due to the one-size-fits-all  securities regulations currently in place. In fact, small and midsized  companies, which are the heartbeat of the American economy, are  struggling the most because of this outdated regulatory structure. They  have the most difficult time obtaining the necessary capital and  financial resources needed in order to expand and create jobs because  they are drowning in regulation and increased compliance costs.   Although the bipartisan Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, JOBS  Act, back from a few years ago was an important first step in helping  appropriately tailor regulation and promote capital formation,  particularly for the small and emerging growth companies, it is clear  that Congress needs to do more.   Today's bill, the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act, is a compilation  of 32 bipartisan bills that will promote capital formation and ensure  that our regulatory structure is appropriately tailored to allow the  free flow of capital, strengthen job creation, and increase economic  growth.   Mr. Speaker, our economy is finally starting to fire on all  cylinders. With this reform-minded legislation, we can further unleash  American innovation, economic growth, and job creation while providing  greater investment opportunities for Mr. and Mrs. 401(k). Today, we can  deliver some very commonsense regulatory relief, while also providing  an important layer of investor protections, and make our capital  markets even more efficient.   By voting in support of this important progrowth jobs package, we can  open the door to innovation, enhance small-business job creation, and  increase opportunity for hardworking Americans in west Michigan and  across the Nation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support S. 488, the JOBS and  Investor Confidence Act, and, again, I say thank you to the chairman,  the ranking member, and my subcommittee chair as well for their work.   