 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I have been hearing a lot from my friends on the other  side of the aisle about soul-searching. Now that they have passed a $2  trillion-plus tax plan, my Republican colleagues say they are doing  some soul-searching, particularly some of my friends on the Ways and  Means Committee.   When you are searching your soul, you may think you have done a moral  wrong. So today, they are making an attempt at repentance. They have  spent hours rallying against the dangers of our country's debt, casting  a pretty dim picture, if truth be told. But what they forget to say, or  perhaps are choosing not to remember, is their out-of-control spending  that got us to where we are now in the first place.   It was just, I will remind my colleagues, 112 days ago that they  passed a $2 trillion tax scam, the tax scam that we know is bankrupting  America and our middle class. I say ``bankrupting'' because, now, 3  months later, their real target is coming into focus.   If Republicans really cared about our Nation's debt and our deficits,  they wouldn't have spent $2 trillion on a massive giveaway to  corporations and the wealthiest 1 percent.   No, the Republican tax scam was just the opening salvo to undo the  critical programs Americans have worked hard to earn: Social Security  and Medicare. That is what today's vote is actually all about. They  want to enshrine in our Constitution their long-sought goal to gut the  benefits working people have earned, under the guise of balancing our  budget.   Mr. Speaker, the American people have seen this ruse before. They  didn't fall for it then, and they won't fall for it now.   If this so-called balanced budget amendment passed, Social Security  and Medicare would be restricted from paying out benefits to those who  have earned them--not because they wouldn't have the money to do so,  but simply because it would be unconstitutional if this were to become  law.   But I will tell you this: We won't stand for the misdirection. This  isn't about soul-searching. This isn't about deficits. This is about  cutting Social Security. This is about cutting Medicaid. This is about  cutting Medicare. This is about balancing our books at the expense of  seniors, children, and working Americans, when they just gave out  lavish gifts to the wealthiest corporations in the history of mankind  and the megarich, and it is shameful.   These programs have worked well for decades. These programs are the  reason that the majority of seniors today don't die in poverty, that  sick kids can see a doctor, and that families stay healthy so parents  can work.   Now, don't get me wrong, we should be cautious about what the  government is spending, but the Republican soul-searching that is  happening across the aisle is just a little too much for me. It is not  as if Republicans didn't know how much their tax scam would cost the  American people. They knew. They simply didn't care.   