 Mr. Speaker, I am excited to speak on behalf of H.R. 5105,  the  [[Page H6332]]  BUILD Act, and urge its passage in this Chamber.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman Royce, Ranking Member  Engel, Ranking Member Sherman, and my lead cosponsor, Adam Smith of  Washington, for the hard work they and their teams have done to bring  this bill to the floor. These gentlemen worked tirelessly along with  their teams. I would also like to give a shout-out to our legislative  director, James Walsh, who did yeoman's work for this bill.   Today, America is confronting unprecedented instability and growing  humanitarian crises around the world, all of which have a direct impact  on our national security and economic interests here at home.   Delivering effective U.S. foreign assistance is crucial, especially  in the current fiscal climate in which it is imperative for the U.S.  Government to use every dollar more efficiently and effectively. The  BUILD Act will ensure the United States delivers foreign assistance  both effectively and efficiently by catalyzing the private sector to  invest in developing countries.   Of our top 15 trading partners, 12 of them were once recipients of  foreign aid. Forty-three of our top 50 consumer nations of American  agriculture products were once U.S. foreign aid recipients.  Additionally, 95 percent of the world's consumers live outside of the  United States, and the poorest two-thirds of the world now represent  about $5 trillion in purchasing power. Their markets are growing faster  than many of our traditional partners and are central to the future of  America's economic prosperity, job growth, and security.   It is imperative to the United States economy that we seize upon  these opportunities and make the investment now so that we may reap the  benefits down the road. One of the ways to do this is to make our  development finance more efficient and nimble.   U.S. businesses have the capital to invest and lead the world in the  understanding of capital markets and sophisticated financial  transactions, generally delivering investments in infrastructure and  other industries quicker and less expensively.   Despite our comparative advantage, other countries, especially China,  are using development finance institutions more effectively to expand  their influence into the developing world, even here in the Western  Hemisphere in the country of Haiti.   Our tools for development finance are dispersed across too many  Federal agencies and need to be streamlined. The primary U.S.  development agency, OPIC, has not been significantly updated since its  creation in 1971. The BUILD Act will modernize all foreign finance  development and bring it into the 21st century.   As you can imagine, the world of financial development has vastly  changed since 1970, as all things do, to stay competitive. A modernized  Development Finance Corporation is imperative to capitalizing upon  those changes. It will help transition countries from aid to trade.   We want to help countries become robust trading partners with the  United States. By doing so, we will be helping create stable, self- sufficient societies around the world and open new markets for U.S.  goods and services. If we are trading goods, economies are growing,  they are growing stronger, and relationships are forged, increasing  national security.   There is truth to the saying, ``a rising tide lifts all boats.'' The  BUILD Act will help make this a reality by transitioning recipient  countries again from aid to trade.   In addition to improving efficiency, the BUILD Act also creates a  more significant amount of oversight and increases the United States'  development effectiveness.   The BUILD Act empowers the new Development Finance Corporation, as  Secretary Pompeo testified to the Senate, ``to have the flexibility to  identify a development need, bring to bear the right resources over the  right period and manage it in a way that effectively delivers the  outcome and measures it all along the way.''   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleague to pass the BUILD Act.   