 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in strong opposition to the FISA Amendments Reauthorization  Act of 2017, which reauthorizes section 702 of FISA for 6 years without  enacting adequate protections for our privacy.   Supporters of this measure want to convince us a new, incredibly  narrow warrant provision actually constitutes reform. It does not. Our  right to privacy does not begin when the Department of Justice has a  fully formed criminal case against us, nor does it begin when  prosecutors enter our emails and text messages into evidence against us  in court.   The Constitution guarantees far more than this. Our right to privacy  protects us when the government first makes its decision to search our  private communications for information it might find useful. S. 139  falls well short of this basic guarantee. We, therefore, cannot--we  must not--support this bill.   Make no mistake: S. 139 is not a compromise. The Judiciary Committee,  the technology companies, civil society, and other critical  stakeholders were shut out of this conversation long ago.   S. 139 does not include a meaningful warrant requirement. The rule in  this bill does not apply to most searches of the section 702 database.  It does not apply to a query for any information that ``could mitigate  a threat,'' an exception that threatens to swallow the entire rule. As  a result, S. 139 allows the FBI unfettered access to this information  for purely domestic nonterrorism cases without a warrant.   What does that mean in the year of Jeff Sessions and Donald Trump? It  means that absolutely nothing stops the Department of Justice from  trolling the database for evidence that you use marijuana or failed to  pay your taxes or may be in the country unlawfully or possess a firearm  that you should not have. None of these cases have anything to do with  the core purposes of section 702, and all of them should require a  warrant based on individualized suspicion and probable cause.   I agree with Chairman Goodlatte that section 702 should be  reauthorized. I understand its importance to the intelligence agencies.  But none of us should support this bill which pretends at reform while  codifying some of the worst practices of the intelligence community in  domestic crimes.   When we came to Congress, each of us took an oath to defend and  protect the Constitution of the United States. I ask that each of my  colleagues honor that oath today and that we work together to defeat  this bill and to bring the right set of reforms to the floor without  delay.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from California (Ms. Lofgren).    Mr. Speaker, many of us are opposing this bill and  supporting the amendment because it is very different from the  Judiciary Committee bill that we reported, which was a good bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr.  Cicilline).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Ted Lieu).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Johnson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from  Washington (Ms. Jayapal).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi), the distinguished Democratic leader.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, any responsible effort to authorize section  702 must pass three tests:   It must include a meaningful warrant requirement;   It must end the ``abouts'' collection until Congress says otherwise;  and   It must not restrict the government's ability to collect intelligence  on valid targets operating outside of the United States.   The underlying bill does not include a meaningful warrant  requirement, and it does not end ``abouts'' collection.   The Amash-Lofgren amendment, on the other hand, passes all three  tests:   It includes a warrant agreement that comports with the Fourth  Amendment;   It puts an end to ``abouts'' collection; and   It leaves the core functionality of section 702 perfectly intact. It  would be harder to use this authority to spy on United States citizens,  but the government's ability to gather intelligence on suspected  terrorists and others overseas will not be affected.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to adopt this amendment and make a  meaningful change to section 702.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the many sponsors of this amendment for their  leadership in this important fight.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   