 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  recognized to speak for up to 10 minutes followed by Senator Cardin for  up to 10 minutes.    Mr. President, I rise to speak about the need to protect  our Dreamers from deportation. When we talk about Dreamers, we are  talking about immigrants who came to this country as children. We are  talking about immigrants whose parents brought them here when they were  young to give them a better chance than they had in their own  countries. We are talking about young immigrants who, when they were  children, had no choice in the decision to come to the United States.   These Dreamers know no other home than these United States. Many of  them have spent their lives in limbo, identifying as Americans but  lacking legal status and under the constant threat of being sent back  to countries that are completely foreign to them.   In 2012, President Obama took steps to protect some of these Dreamers  from deportation. Through an Executive order, he established the  program known as DACA or the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals  Program. DACA created security and opportunity for hundreds of  thousands of young Dreamers, allowing them to live and work in our  great Nation without the threat of deportation. So what DACA really  stands for is ``Deserving a Chance in America,'' DACA, and a protection  for these innocent young people who deserve a shot at the American  dream.   I would like to take a moment to speak about one of these  Massachusetts Dreamers who benefited from DACA. Her name is Estefany.  She came to the United States at 9 years of age to escape violence in  El Salvador. She was brought here by her grandmother, along with her  two sisters and a baby cousin. The journey took 22 days. It was  arduous. Estefany was so scared at one point she asked to be left  behind. When she finally got to the United States, she found it  difficult to adjust to this whole new world, but Estefany was overjoyed  to be reunited with her mother, who had come to the United States a few  years before the rest of the family was able to come.   Estefany was grateful for the opportunity she was given and did not  want to squander it. She wanted to succeed in school and live up to her  mother's sacrifice. Estefany, who only spoke Spanish when she arrived,  struggled with elementary school and tried to do her homework every  night. Working as hard as she could, in 2 years she was moved on from  her English as a Second Language class. Her hard work paid off in even  greater dividends when she was accepted into the prestigious Boston  Latin Academy for high school.   Her work ethic and desire to deserve her family's sacrifices were  what motivated Estefany and got her through the many hardships that  come with being undocumented--fear, uncertainty, anxiety. When Estefany  began her college application process, she fully understood, for the  first time, what it meant to be undocumented.   Although she wanted to go to college and have a career, she was  afraid to tell her guidance counselor and her teachers of her fears  about her legal status. Once Estefany opened up to them, she confronted  applying and attending college the same way she had always faced up to  the other struggles in her life--with strength, courage, and  perseverance. She fought the battle that many aspiring college students  wage--figuring out how to pay for it. It wasn't easy. As she researched  and applied for scholarships, she found out that most were for citizens  only. Because of scholarships provided by immigrant support  organizations like the wonderful Massachusetts Immigrant and Refugee  Advocacy Coalition, MIRA, Estefany is now attending the University of  Massachusetts in Boston, where she is pursuing a degree in  international relations and a minor in public policy.   So it sounds like a happy ending, but, sadly, it is not. On  Estefany's first day as a freshman at UMass Boston, President Trump  repealed DACA. He callously terminated the program, with no guidance on  what should be done next for these young Dreamers. That heartless  action by the President left Estefany unable to focus on school. She no  longer had any certainty about her future here in the United States and  at UMass Boston. As Estefany put it, ``After so many tears and  sleepless nights, it felt like all my hard work was being thrown  away.''   Estefany is a fighter, and she is not giving up on her college  education or career. I know she will succeed if she is just given the  chance because she, like so many other Dreamers, deserves that chance.   Over the 5 years that DACA was in effect, the program protected some  800,000 Dreamers, nearly 8,000 in Massachusetts. These are young people  like Estefany who study, who serve, who work, and who live next door to  us every single day. They are our friends, our neighbors, and our loved  ones. They are not ``too lazy.'' They are not ``bad hombres.'' They are  some of the best and brightest in our country.   Now, because of President Trump's unconscionable decision to end  DACA, Estefany and so many young people like her are living in darkness  again. It is heartbreaking to watch this administration strip  protections away from people who are Americans in every way that should  matter. Leaving them to live under a threat of deportation is  unconscionable.   We should not abandon these young people whom we urged to come out of  the shadows. We should not abandon the larger community of Dreamers who  have no other home than the United States. The American people  understand this. In January, a poll found that 87 percent of Americans  favor allowing immigrants who were brought to the United States  illegally as children to stay here--87 percent; nearly all Americans  are with our Dreamers.   You would think that extending these protections would be a no- brainer for the Republicans. Right here, right now, we could pass a  bill to protect these young immigrants, but, instead, the Republicans  have decided to use the Dreamers as a bargaining chip in budget  negotiations. They hope that by leveraging the lives and futures of  Dreamers, they will get their laundry list of hard-liner immigration  demands.   I am so glad that Senator McConnell has agreed with Senator Schumer  that we are going to open up a debate here on the floor of the U.S.  Senate. We are going to try to find a way to resolve this issue,  although there is no guarantee that President Trump will, in fact,  agree with any resolution here. There is no guarantee that the tea  party Freedom Caucus Republicans in the House of Representatives will  agree with any understanding that is reached here on a bipartisan  basis, if we can reach one on the floor of the U.S. Senate.   I just think, for better or worse, the Dreamers should know that we  are going to continue to fight for them and that we are going to  continue to work toward creating a pathway for them to be able to live  in our country without fear. I think that is going to be the signature  moment we can create for our country this year. Yes, we have a budget  agreement, but we have so much more work to do to help these young  people who will be great Americans once we create a path to citizenship  for them.   At this point, I yield the floor.   