 Mr. President, I wish to thank Senator Cantwell for  organizing the opportunity this afternoon to speak about this egregious  decision that was made by the Trump administration that will allow for  drilling for  [[Page S637]]  oil off of the beaches of the United States of America. It is an  absolute disgrace that this administration is doing something like  this. What we have on our hands is a President who has a hard time  listening to his own message.   Last week, he was bragging about how much new oil we are discovering  in America. He is so proud of this. In fact, we export a million and a  half barrels of oil a day. Listen to that again: We export a million  and a half barrels of oil a day. Where do we send this oil? We send it  to China. We send it to other countries.   Is the President happy with that? No, he says we need more oil; we  need to drill off of our beaches--notwithstanding what that will do to  our tourism industry, to our fishing industry, or to any industry that  does business along the coastlines of our country. Ultimately, what  would be the purpose to which this oil would be put? Export the oil.   So how does that formula really work? The oil companies come to the  beaches of Massachusetts or any other State. They set up rigs and start  to drill for oil. They find the oil. Then, they sell that oil somewhere  else around the world. Meanwhile, people who live off of those beaches  in Massachusetts or any other State run all the risk if there is an  accident, as there was in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010 in the BP  oilspill.   So the risks are run by the States that don't want the drilling, and  the benefits all run to the oil companies that get to sell this oil  around the world. It makes perfect sense because ``GOP'' really stands  for ``gas and oil party.'' That is what they have turned themselves  into. It is whatever Big Oil wants, even if State after State after  State says it does not want this to happen.   Every single State, from Maine down to Florida, was going to be  giving permission to the oil companies to commence drilling, but the  Governor of Florida--a Republican Governor--protested. He said he  didn't want there to be drilling off the coast of Florida, after  Florida had already been included in the plan.   So what happens? All of a sudden, the Trump administration decides  that they are going to have a gator giveaway. All of a sudden, Florida  gets to be exempt. Why would Florida be exempt? Maybe because it has a  Republican Governor. Maybe because that Republican Governor is thinking  about running for the U.S. Senate. So maybe, just maybe, this Governor,  who once supported drilling off of the coast of Florida, all of a  sudden says: The people don't want it. They don't want the beaches of  Florida to be endangered.   So what happens? Governor Scott from Florida all of a sudden starts  shedding crocodile tears about how much he cares about the beaches,  even though he had always been supportive of offshore drilling. That  leads to the gator giveaway where, all of a sudden, Florida is not in.   I don't think it is incidental that Mar-a-Lago is actually in  Florida, as well, and maybe Donald Trump hadn't been fully consulted by  Secretary Zinke and the Department of the Interior on this inclusion of  Florida. But before you knew it, all of a sudden, Florida was no longer  on the map, but every other State that doesn't have a Republican  Governor running for the Senate, that doesn't have a President of the  United States with a summer resort, a winter resort, a spring and  summer resort--Mar-a-Lago--is stuck with this decision.   The problem with what they did is this: It is obviously arbitrary and  capricious. It is obviously a violation of the Administrative  Procedures Act. It is obviously something that will never stand up in  court--that after a decision is made to include every State, all of a  sudden Florida comes up. It will never hold up. That will be the basis  of the case made by the attorneys general and all of the business and  environmental interests that will be suing on this issue.   So what part of this really works? It is oil that will be drilled for  at the risk of despoiling the beaches and the fishing industry--the  tens of billions of dollars in the fishing and tourism industry--with  the benefits running to one single industry.   The American Petroleum Institute is trying to have it both ways. On  the one hand, they are saying: We are at the boom time of all times in  oil drilling in the United States. We are energy independent. This is  the boom time.   Donald Trump is sounding the same exact way, boasting across the  country about his energy policies, his fossil-fuel-first policies. He  keeps saying that he has ended the war on energy. It is not true  because just last week he imposed a 30-percent tariff on importation of  solar panels. So he is talking about no war on his favorite energy  technology. But if he doesn't like them, they get a 30-percent increase  in tariffs on the very technologies that, in polling, 80 percent of all  Americans want to see increased inside of our country.   We are going to be fighting this every single step of the way. It is  immoral, it is unnecessary, and it violates the goals that individual  States have in order to advance their own economies. I, personally, am  going to exhaust all available legislative tools to fight this attempt  by President Trump to allow drilling off of the coast of Massachusetts,  the east coast, and nearly every other single mile of coastline in the  United States, with the exception of Florida.   That includes using the Congressional Review Act, which allows for  agency action to be undone by a simple majority in both Chambers. I  plan to pursue such a Congressional Review Act resolution if the Trump  administration moves forward with this reckless plan. We will not stop  until this plan is blocked and dead and our coastlines are protected  once and for all.   I yield the floor.   