 Mr. Speaker, we are locked in a debate  today over something that we don't have to be locked in a debate about.   Our friends on the other side know that everything that was in our  proposal, you agreed with. There was nothing in that proposal that you  were against. I hear you talked tonight about all the things that you  are still in favor of. Those were the same things that we had in our  bill the other day, but you voted against it.   We are now in the middle of a Schumer shutdown, not because of what  the House didn't do, but because of what the Senate refuses to do.  Dates have importance. We knew the government would shut down if we did  not fund it yesterday.   We know that DACA has until March 5 to be addressed. Yet, today, we  come here with this phony argument that somehow we are on the same  page, we are trying to do the same things. But do you know what? We  just can't vote that way to get there.    America is watching, and America is understanding right now that this  is the Schumer shutdown. Let there be no question about who it is that  has failed the American people.   Let there be no question that when it comes to CHIP and all of those  bleeding hearts that say, ``You need to do this, you need to do this,''  and say, ``We did it for 5 years, now we want to do it for 6 years,''  you are still saying, ``Not quite good enough for me to vote on.''   And when you talk about our military and how much you admire what 1  percent does to protect the rest of the 99 percent of the country, and  then you stand up here and say, ``I would have voted for it except for  one thing, it doesn't include DACA.''   There is no legislation for DACA right now. It was never in jeopardy.  We have until March 5 to get it straightened out. But we do not have  any more time to sit here and not open up this government.   My friends, please, abandon the Gruber effect and tell the truth and  know that America is watching, and America understands that this  shutdown is based on Mr. Schumer's inability to get his people on  board, people who aren't necessarily needed to be involved.   We know we can't do it with 51 votes. We need to do it with 60 votes.  Please look in your civics book and find out how it works. Let's vote  tonight. Let's walk out of here tonight united as an American House of  the people.   My time may be expired, but do you know what? Americans' patience is  getting more and more expired.   