 Mr. President, I am grateful to my colleague from  Tennessee for yielding to me.   One of the reasons Howard Baker was one of the great leaders in this  place is he had good staff, and one of those folks, who was maybe the  senior member of his staff lo those many years ago, was Lamar  Alexander, now Senator Alexander. Howard Baker would be very proud of  the kind of Senator he has become--a great Governor, Secretary of  Education. He is someone who speaks, more often than not, with great  wisdom. He and I agree on not everything but pretty much everything.   I am mister glass half full. My wife says to me that I need to be  more of a realist. She says I am too much of an optimist. I am not an  optimist today. I feel like we leave here--get on a train, go home-- feeling like we have not done our job.   The Senator from Tennessee has said that the President did his job,  but I just don't agree. I just don't agree. He served as Governor; I  served as Governor. if we had an impasse on a difficult issue in  Delaware--we are lucky; we are a small state--we can pull people  together to resolve just about anything and figure out what we call the  four c's. One of those is close to Delaware. No. 1 is communicate. No.  2 is compromise. No. 3 is collaborate. No. 4 is civility. Those are the  four c's. That is the reason why we had some success in our State.    I am not sure we really demonstrated enough of those today. I am not  sure the President did as much as he could have done and should have  done. We have a Bible study that meets here on Thursdays, as the  Senator from Tennessee knows. Seven or eight of us that need the most  help meet with the Chaplain of the Senate, Barry Black, retired rear  admiral and chief of chaplains for the Navy and Marine Corps.   Today in our Bible study, he mentioned the golden rules: Treat people  the way we want to be treated. Love  [[Page S1154]]  thy neighbor as thyself. And ask the question: Who is our neighbor? He  told the parable about the Good Samaritan. Oftentimes, he mentioned  Matthew 25, which deals with the least of these. When I was hungry, did  you feed me? When I was naked, did you clothe me? When I was thirsty,  did you give me a drink? When I was sick and in prison, did you visit  me? When I was a stranger in your land, did you welcome me?   I think there is a moral imperative here. In the case where young  people were brought here when they were very young from another country  by their parents, have grown up here, were educated here, and are  working here in all kinds of jobs--jobs that need to be filled--to say  by our actions today that sometime in March--maybe March 5--a lot of  them will be facing the prospect of being rounded up and sent back to  where they were born, I think, there is a moral imperative that says  that is not right.   In Delaware State University, we have any number of Dreamers who are  students there. They are the most impressive young people I have met in  my life. They are smart. They work hard. They are good students. They  are going to go off and be great employees. They are going to start  businesses of their own. For us to say that there is a good chance that  you will be sent back to where you were born, doesn't make a whole lot  of sense to me. I think it is morally wrong.   I think it is also economically wrong. Today, a bunch of folks in the  landscaping business came to see me. They wanted to talk about the  problems they have getting people to come to work for their firms, to  work for their companies, and to do landscaping work. It is not easy  work. It is hard to find people to do it. In many cases, the folks that  will do it come day after day--a day's work for a day's pay. They are  people who have come here from other countries. The landscapers today-- I don't know if they are Democrats or Republicans--are frustrated  because they have a good business and customers need their work to be  done, and they have a hard time getting Americans born and raised here  to do the work.   Earlier this week, on Monday, I was in Georgetown, DE. We raise more  chickens in Sussex County, DE, than anywhere in America. There are 400  chickens for every person who lives in my State. Poultry is a big  business. We met with folks from the Delmarva Peninsula who are very  much involved in the poultry industry. They said basically the same  thing we heard today from the landscapers: We have a hard time finding  people who will work in poultry plants. We have done a lot of things we  can to enhance the pay and the benefits. We have wellness centers. We  provide incentives for people who want to improve themselves, go on,  and have a chance to move up the ladder of success.   But there was one lady who said that she is from a major poultry  company. I think it was Perdue. She said: We are trying to fill  positions. We have 100 people who offer to come in for an interview.  She said that out of the 100, they actually have 20 that reach the  second step because they can pass the blood test and meet other  challenges they have, or obstacles, in order to reach the next rung on  the ladder for an interview. They start with 100 and are down to 20  almost like that. Out of those 20, she said, eventually 5 will be able  to pass the drug test and have the work experience and the willingness  to work. She said they end up with five to hire. Out of those five they  hire, a number of them stop coming to work a month later. She said that  is what they face; that is reality. And then she said: Please help us.  In fact, all the poultry industry people we met on Monday said: Please  help us with this.   As it turns out, it is not just landscaping businesses that need  people to work. It is not just food processors--poultry in this case.  When we received the monthly jobs report earlier this month for the  month of January, we were told that the unemployment rate is about 4.1  percent--steady where it was. We are still under way with the longest  running economic expansion. I think we are past 8 years now. When  people went to work today, there were about 2 to 3 million jobs that  were not filled. When folks went to work in this country today across  America, for about 2 to 3 million jobs, nobody showed up to do the job.  It makes no sense to me that we face the prospect of 700,000, 800,000  people who were raised here, were educated here, work here, want to  work here, and want to contribute, could do those jobs, and they may  not get a chance to do them.   Employers have risen up with one voice, from the U.S. Chamber of  Commerce, the National Association of Manufacturers, the Business  Roundtable, the National Federation of Independent Businesses, and the  Farm Bureau--you name it--to say: We have a problem on the human  resources side with getting people to come to work.   I think it is economic insanity for us to say that for 700,000 or  800,000 people and maybe a couple hundred thousand people that came  here from El Salvador: We are going to send you home.   It makes no sense.   I hope my friend is right. I hope we leave here, come back in a week  or so, and say: How do we get to an agreement?   The last thing I will say is this. Border security is really  important. I was chairman of the Homeland Security Committee for a  while. I am still the senior Democrat on the committee. If you compare  border security in this country today to what it was 10, 20 years ago,  it is a more secure border. It should be. We spent a fortune. We have  20,000 people down in border security. We are doing a lot of smarter  things.   I will conclude with this point. Included in the proposal today that,  I think, got the most votes--54 votes--was the Collins, King, et al.  Included in that package were a number of what I call force  multipliers. They would actually make the border more secure. There is  someplace along the border where a wall makes sense, like in San Diego.  I was stationed in the Navy in San Diego. There are some places there,  and there are other places where a wall makes sense. I heard more than  a few times: If you build a 15-foot wall, someone will come along with  an 18-foot ladder, or come along with a tunnel to go under it.   There are a lot of things we can do to assist the 20,000 Border  Patrol men and women we have. We are having a hard time filling those  20,000 positions. We have hundreds of those jobs vacant today.    Do you know where we could put people to work on the border? At ports  of entry, where hundreds of millions of dollars of commerce are coming  through every week--coming up from Mexico and going down into Mexico.  There is a crying need for 3,000 people to work as Customs officers at  the ports of entry.   My colleague talks, as he should, about concern about drugs coming  into our country. Right now, the biggest threat is from China. They are  coming over here ordered by the internet. There is stuff coming in by  the mail service. Senator Portman and I are working to do a much  tighter job in that regard to stop the importation of fentanyl through  the Postal Service.   There are a bunch of things that we can do on the border that were  included in the bipartisan proposal today. I will mention a couple of  them. It is not just enough to have drones. You have to have drones  that you can fly. You have to have good surveillance systems. You have  to have people who maintain them. And they don't just fly 8 hours out  of every 24. They are able to be up in the sky throughout the day and  throughout the week with the kind of surveillance systems that are  needed.   It is not just enough to have a couple of helicopters that can fly  every day, but they have to be able to go 24/7 and have the same kind  of surveillance systems that are good. With fixed-wing aircraft, the  same is true. I was a naval flight officer of a P-3 air mission  command. We did a lot of surface surveillance and chased submarines all  over the world. They would send us out in the ocean to look for  somebody's ship that had sunken or a sailboat that had sunken.  Sometimes all we would have in the middle of the ocean was a pair of  binoculars--good luck finding anybody.   We don't have to just use binoculars on the border, with drones,  fixed-wing aircraft, helicopters, fixed-wing towers, or mobile towers.  We have surveillance systems that can enable us to see 15, 20, 25 miles  into Mexico. We should use them and make sure they are maintained and  that people are trained to operate them.   When you have hundreds of miles of river, building a wall there  doesn't  [[Page S1155]]  make sense. Boats do and boat ramps make sense. In places where the  wall may not make sense, a fence may make sense. Roads along the fence  may make sense. In some places, Border Patrol on horses makes sense. In  some places, we have high grasses. Put a Border Patrol officer up on a  horse and he can see for miles and miles. That makes sense.   This and more was included in the proposal that drew 54 votes. It is  the kind of thing we ought to do. It doesn't cost $25 billion, but it  will be cost-effective and make our border more secure.   I have great affection for our colleague from Tennessee. I appreciate  his encouraging tone that this is not the end. What did Churchill say  when he got bounced out of office at end of World War II? He was asked  6 months after the war, when he really carried Britain through on his  back. The war is over. He gets beaten. He is asked by a reporter after  he lost: For you, Mr. Churchill, is this the end?   He said: It is not the end. It is not the beginning of the end. It is  the end of the beginning.   I hope this is the end of the beginning--maybe with the help of God  and maybe with a little bit better leadership from the folks down at  1600.   The last thing is this. The Department of Homeland Security--which I  worked for years to strengthen, to make something we can all be proud  of--apparently has put out a statement today. I asked to read it. I am  told by all kinds of people that it is riddled with inaccuracies and  falsehoods. I am going to read it tonight on the way going home. I hope  that is not true. What we need to operate here is the truth.   I will close with the words of Thomas Jefferson: If the people know  the truth, we will not make a mistake. I heard that what the Department  of Homeland Security put out today was not truthful. It is hard, with  that kind of information, to do the right thing.   I wish to thank my colleague for giving me this much time and for  being so patient with me. We will be back here in 10 days or so, and we  will have a chance to reconnect and see if we can pull a victory out of  the jaws of defeat.   I thank the Senator for yielding.   