 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, and I want to  start by thanking Mr. Takano, Governor-elect Walz, and Dr. Roe for  their work on this bill.   As I have sat here and listened to not so much a debate, but a  celebration of the bipartisan work that was done to create this bill,  including so many things that I know will assist our veterans, it is  great to see the parties working together as we close out this  Congress.   Mr. Takano was very kind in saying that the SERVE Act, which is  included in this legislation, was my idea. It wasn't actually my idea.  It was better than that, because it grew out of a conversation I had  with a retired marine at Sacred Heart University in Fairfield,  Connecticut, in which I simply asked Nicholas Quinzi of the Marine  Corps, ``What can we do to make your life a little easier?''   And he said, ``You know, the problem I have, like so many of my  fellow veterans, I have post-9/11 GI Bill benefits, but there is no way  for me, when I go to a landlord to rent an apartment to be here at  school, there is no way for me to verify that income, and as a result,  I have had a rough time getting housing even though I have got this  stipend from the Federal Government which comes to me as a result of my  service.''   So there it was: a problem with an easy solution.   The SERVE Act, which is now incorporated into the amendment to S.  2248 will simply require the VA to provide proof of that stipend so  that landlords and other housing organizations can see that our  veterans have a steady source of income to help them pay that rent. It  is a small thing, but it is something that matters an awful lot to  Nicholas Quinzi and the roughly 1.1 million other veterans who are  getting this kind of benefit.   So this is an example of what happens when you listen to your  constituents. It wasn't my idea, but I am just so thrilled that  Republicans and Democrats were able to come together around this small,  good thing for a lot of young veterans who are post-service, trying to  get educated, trying to get the kind of tools they will need to  succeed.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Roe for his hard work. I thank Tim Walz and  wish him well as he goes off to other things. And to Chairman-elect  Takano, I thank him for his good work on this bill.   