 Madam President, I just had the honor of presiding over  Senator Hatch's farewell address to the Senate and to the country. I  think for everybody who saw this--whether it is our colleagues on the  Senate floor or, hopefully, millions of Americans--in his speech, they  saw and heard, not only in his remarks but in the remarks that have  followed from Democrats and Republicans who have served with him for  many years, why he is so revered in this body as a statesman and as an  example for all of the Senate. You just heard the accolades: civility,  class, competence, effectiveness, patriot, kind, statesman. We could go  on and on here.   I want to thank him for his example. As an Alaska Senator, I also  want to thank him for being such a great friend to Alaska, my State. In  my 4 years in the Senate, as so many others have said, he was always  encouraging me but always asking me: What can I do to help, Dan? What  can I do to help Alaska?   Orrin, I want to thank you so much for that encouragement, for your  exceptional example to all of us, for your exceptional example to  America, for your exceptional service not only to the people of Utah  but to the entire Nation. It has been a great honor to serve with you,  sir.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, we have been debating for quite some  time on the Senate floor the Yemen war powers resolution introduced by  my colleagues Senator Sanders and Senator Lee, which would cut off  support for the Saudi-led war in Yemen--support that began under  President Obama.   Surrounding this vote today, many of my colleagues on both sides of  the aisle have expressed extreme frustration with the Saudi Crown  Prince, Muhammad bin Salman, especially regarding the death of Jamal  Khashoggi, an American-based Saudi journalist murdered in Turkey. I  have a lot of respect for the Senators weighing in, making their  arguments all day today, including Senators Young, Lee, Corker, Paul,  Graham, Murphy, Menendez, and Cardin--many. We do need to understand  what happened, what our intelligence and our government have  surrounding this death. I am glad the CIA Director came to the Hill to  brief Members. But this debate has taken something of a much more  complex turn.   Certainly, the heinous murderers need to be held accountable. There  is no doubt about that. But what we have been discussing, and what is  really being implicated here on the floor--which hasn't really been  talked about too much--is the broader issue of U.S. or American  presence in the region, not just regarding the current conflict in  Yemen but also our broader strategic relationship with Saudi Arabia and  our national security interests in the region.   My colleagues are justified in their frustration--no doubt I share it  as well--with the Saudis, with what is happening, but removing American  leadership and oversight from this conflict through this resolution is  not the way we should go about addressing this issue. We are trying to  execute a policy that both reflects America's values and our national  security interests. That is what is being debated here today. We need  to send a strong message to the Saudis, but that message cannot  undercut our own national security or those of our allies. The message  cannot strengthen what clearly is the biggest threat in the region;  that is, Iran, the largest state sponsor of terrorism, which almost  nobody on the Senate floor has been talking about over the last several  weeks. I intend to.   Today's vote has meant different things to different Senators. I have  watched and listened to floor speeches. I have participated in debates  with my colleagues within the Republican Conference and when all the  Senators have met when we were briefed by administration officials.   I thought I would try to unpack a little bit of some of these  different arguments as I have seen them and provide my views.   Generally, this debate is focused in three different areas: One,  about the constitutional authority--the War Powers Act--that we have  actually been undertaking these kind of operations with the Saudis in  Yemen. The other is limiting and ending U.S. assistance to Saudi  operations--U.S. military assistance--in Yemen. Finally, some Senators  have been focused on downgrading the U.S. relationship with the Saudis  because of what has been happening both in Yemen and with the Khashoggi  murder.   First, let me talk about the constitutional arguments on the War  Powers Act; that the Trump administration needs congressional  authority, either pursuant to the War Powers Act or, more important,  pursuant to article II of the U.S. Constitution, to conduct military  operations in support of Saudi Arabia's military goals in Yemen.   Senator Lee has done a great job of pressing this issue. There are  many issues on which I agree with Senator Lee of Utah. He is clearly  one of this body's most knowledgeable and passionate Members in  safeguarding constitutional prerogatives, but in this case, I simply  disagree with him and the other Senators whose views I view as way too  restrictive on the Commander in Chief's ability to utilize our  military.   If we set the precedent that even an operation such as the refueling  of aircraft of allied countries, not even occurring in a war zone,  needs congressional authority either through the War Powers Act or  article II, we would severely limit the executive branch's ability to  direct international crises and safeguard our global national security  interests. I believe the notion that refueling allied aircraft  constitutes hostilities would be an unworkable precedent and is a  stretch of the term.   I have also been skeptical of Senate attempts to vote to remove  Presidential authority on our military operations once those operations  have begun. For example, we had a debate on military operations and the  authority of our military to operate in Afghanistan, which I believe  sends the wrong message to our troops. It is a precedent that once  hostilities begin, we don't have the backs of our forces. I think that  is also a dangerous precedent.   That is not to say this is not an important debate. It is certainly  an important debate. Other Members such as Senator Kaine have talked  about the importance of the issue of military authority, but with  regard to this discussion, I think it is too limiting.   Let me talk about the second major issue involved that most Senators  have been focused on: whether to vote to affirmatively end U.S.  military assistance to Saudi Arabia and their actions in Yemen and  whether and how, in doing so, it will help end the humanitarian  disaster going on there.   I compliment Senator Young and Senator Murphy, who have been making  the case passionately on this topic with much expertise. Clearly, they  and this body have been focused on two goals: We all want a peaceful  resolution to the conflict in Yemen, and we all want an end to the  humanitarian disaster in Yemen.   The reason I voted against the resolution today is because I do not  believe that either of these goals will be made easier or advanced by  less American involvement in the conflict. To the contrary, if the  United States no longer has the ability to help guide the Saudis  militarily in Yemen, I believe these  [[Page S7499]]  two important goals--ending the humanitarian crisis and bringing a  peaceful resolution--will actually be harder to reach.   That is not just my view; that was the view of Secretary Mattis and  Secretary Pompeo when they came to brief all 100 Senators 2 weeks ago.  In particular, Secretary Mattis knows the region and certainly knows  about how hostilities end and begin in the region.   The basis of their arguments--with which I agree--was, first, there  is no doubt the Saudis have prosecuted the war badly, but both the  Obama administration's Department of Defense and the Trump  administration's Department of Defense have worked hard to minimize  casualties.   Does anyone actually believe the situation in Yemen will improve  without U.S. assistance and guidance? The question almost answers  itself. Having our military involved has helped the Saudis improve  their coordination and improve their targeting to minimize civilian  casualties. Having our military involved has helped the Saudis manage  disagreements between them and their Gulf coalition partners. These  partners also play an important role in helping to bring an end to this  war.   Having our military involved has also helped provide critical  leverage as we move into the hopeful peace negotiations underway in  Sweden as we speak. Yemen's Government and the Houthi rebels have  evidently agreed to a prisoner swap, which could include thousands of  prisoners and could be the beginning of a diplomatic breakthrough.   I had the opportunity to talk with Secretaries Mattis and Pompeo this  weekend. Both said this would be exactly the wrong time, at a key  diplomatic moment, to have the United States limit and end its military  assistance to Saudi Arabia.   I know sometimes people don't like to think this way, but military  strength and leverage is often critical--critical to successful  diplomatic negotiations. For the first time, there is promise--promise  in negotiations in Sweden. All of us want that to succeed. However, I  believe we undermine our chances of success in these diplomatic efforts  if Congress forces the United States to end military assistance to the  Saudis.   We also have an even more direct and real national security interest  in the region. Yemen is an important front in the war on terror: It is  the home to al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula, AQAP. They have  attempted multiple times to directly attack our homeland. They were  responsible for the attack on the USS Cole that killed 17 sailors and  severely wounded 39 others, and they were responsible for the 2015  massacre at Charlie Hebdo's offices in Paris. Limiting our military  involvement in Yemen could pose significant risk with regard to AQAP  that I believe would be unacceptable for the American people.   The third line of argument we have seen on the floor and many have  been discussing goes much broader than just the relationship between  our military involvement in Yemen and really implicates the entire  U.S.-Saudi strategic relationship. It is the desire of a number of my  colleagues to use this debate and the despicable Khashoggi murder as an  opportunity to fully downgrade this decades-old strategic relationship.   The Saudis are difficult partners, no doubt. They have been for  decades. Last week, when I was presiding, Senator Rubio gave an  excellent speech saying that he believed the Saudis are testing the  limits of their relationship with the United States and that we should  look to draw some hard lines and recalibrate elements of our  relationship while demanding improvements in other areas. I agreed with  much of Senator Rubio's speech, including his conclusion, like mine,  that we should not be cutting off our military assistance to the Saudis  in Yemen because it would do much more harm than good.   Nevertheless, some Senators have argued for much more downgrading of  the U.S. relationship with Saudi Arabia. In fact, so much of this has  been exclusively focused on the Saudis, with no other reference to any  other country in the Middle East, that it seems this debate on the  floor has been in a vacuum, but as we know, there are a lot more  countries in the region, including the world's biggest sponsor of state  terrorism, Iran, which nobody is talking about. We should be talking  about them because, in fact, the war in Yemen began when Tehran-backed  Houthi rebels seized power in 2015. Again, there is not a lot of  discussion about how it began.   Tehran is trying to establish a Hezbollah-like entity on the Arabian  Peninsula in Yemen, including increased capabilities to target cities  in Saudi Arabia with ballistic missiles supplied by Iran. This is all  part of Iran's broader strategy in the region to encircle our  traditional allies--whether Saudi Arabia, Gulf Arab States, and of  course Israel--with proxy fighters throughout Syria, Lebanon, Yemen,  and close relationships in Iraq. Yet no one in this debate seems to  want to talk about Iran. I thought I would do so for a minute.   Let's talk about the humanitarian crisis in Yemen. U.S. humanitarian  aid has totaled almost $697 million in the past 14 months. Yes, Saudi  Arabia could do a much better job, but they have invested well over $1  billion to try to end the suffering. Iran--the country which started  the war, the country nobody on the Senate floor is talking about--not a  dime to relieve the suffering. Sure, they have supplied weapons and  ballistic missiles in the tens of millions of dollars but nothing to  relieve the suffering.   If we cut off U.S. military assistance to Riyadh and Yemen, you had  better believe the one capital in the Middle East that will be cheering  the loudest is Tehran--again, the world's largest state sponsor of  terrorism. Such an action would further embolden Iran and no doubt  embolden its proxies, while at the same time our allies, including  Israel, would feel less secure.   As this debate has carried on in the Senate, with no one talking  about the largest state sponsor of terrorism, I have found it very  troubling because the lens through which we need to view security in  the Middle East is through Iran. Although we have dissatisfaction and  frustration with some of our allies, we must remember the most  significant and serious threat in the Middle East continues to be Iran.   There has been a lot of focus on the horrible death of Mr. Khashoggi.  Any death is horrible, but let me talk about some other deaths.   In the Middle East, in Iraq, we have had over 500 American military  members killed and almost 2,000 wounded by improvised explosive devices  supplied to Iraqi Shia militias by the Iranians. Let me say that again:  Over 2,000 Americans killed and wounded by the largest state sponsor of  terrorism. Yet nobody seems to talk about that. Yes, one death of an  American journalist is horrible. Over 2,000 American dead and wounded  is really horrible. Where was the outrage about those deaths? Where was  the outrage about those murders? Where were the editorials about those  murders of American citizens? The previous administration wasn't  focused on those because they were focused on the Iran nuclear deal.   All I am saying is, in this debate, nobody is talking about the real  enemy of the United States--the Iranians, who are watching this debate  and smiling because no one is talking about them. So I thought it was  important to come down and say: Some of us are. Some of us know you are  behind the war in Yemen. Some of us know you continually say you want  to wipe Israel off the face of the Earth. Some of us know the Iran deal  only emboldened you.   What we need to keep in mind is, yes, we have difficult partners. No  doubt the Saudis are difficult. They are not perfect by any sense of  the word.   But this is a difficult region, and these are difficult issues, and  if we think we can debate Yemen and our help there without talking  about the Saudis and the Iranians, who started the war and are trying  to circle our different allies, including Israel, and think somehow  that this debate is not emboldening them more, I think we are  misguided.   I voted against this resolution because I still think it is important  to keep in mind that the lens through which we need to assess our  security interests and those of our allies in the Middle East is  through what helps or undermines Iran. I am concerned that this  resolution can help them, and that is not good for the United States,  it is not good for the war in Yemen, it is not good for the  humanitarian catastrophe in Yemen, and it is certainly not good for all  allies like Israel.  [[Page S7500]]    I yield the floor.   