 Madam President, I have been in the Senate long enough to  think that maybe the Senate can start to go back to being the Senate. A  Senate that votes on things and debates things and reflects the will of  the people--not what is dictated from the White House. Perhaps that was  wishful thinking on my part, because in just the latest example of the  ``cut first and ask questions later'' policies of the Trump  administration, we are now going to vote on a bill that will claw back  billions of dollars from children's health insurance, affordable  housing investments, infrastructure, rural development, and innovative  energy programs. This is the same White House that just forced through  Congress a $1.9 trillion--not billion, but trillion--tax giveaway, most  of which goes to billionaires and corporations. Then, they say we have  to cut children's health insurance because we have to reduce the  deficit. We can give billionaires and corporations $1.9 trillion, but  this might increase the deficit. So we have to cut children's health  insurance, affordable housing investments, infrastructure, rural  development, and innovative energy programs. That goes beyond  laughable. It is unconscionable.   President Trump is seeking to cut $7 billion from funding for  children's health insurance. If you strip this funding from the  Children's Health Insurance Program, we leave children unprotected from  unforeseen events like a flu outbreak or a natural disaster.   This takes away the ability of Congress should be able to make  critical investments in healthcare and education. Even if the money can  no longer be dedicated to CHIP, we should reinvest it in other  important programs as we have done in the past--programs that support  our Nation's children and families. I don't think there is any Member  of this body who, when they are campaigning, doesn't talk about how  important children and their families are to them. I hope those same  families will ask them: How much money did you take out from children  and families?   Earlier this year, the Congress did what they were supposed to.  Republicans and Democrats came together to direct this funding to the  Federal response to the opioid epidemic, the childcare and development  block grants, Head Start, and the National Institutes of Health. These  are investments in our country. They are not tax giveaways. They are  investments in our country. If you strip this funding, it is penny wise  and pound foolish.   President Trump wants to claw back billions of dollars from  infrastructure programs. I see so many of these photo ops he does,  speaking about how we want to have better infrastructure. However, we  don't want to pay for it so we will take the money back.   Let's look at what the money is that he wants to take away. It is  programs to do everything from supporting loans to helping factories  produce more efficient vehicles to building bridges in small  communities. These are programs that directly support American jobs.  They are not jobs overseas. They  [[Page S4259]]  are jobs right here, and now they want to take the money out.   For an administration that is perpetually in ``infrastructure week,''  it doesn't make sense if you are trying to cut funding for  infrastructure. How do we put ``America first'' when you strip funds  that support Americans jobs?   In a continued push to leave rural America behind, Mr. Trump's  rescission package would cut millions of dollars from rural development  programs. Every single Senator in this body has rural areas in their  State, and they know that these programs help to ensure that the same  basic services are offered in rural areas that we see in urban areas-- things that we rely on, like schools or healthcare, for instance, or  police stations. Are we saying that only urban areas can have that but  rural areas can't?   In the Appropriations Committee, Senator Shelby and I have been  focused on moving forward through the fiscal year 2019 process. We are  trying to return the committee to regular order--something that most  Republicans and Democrats in this body say they want. We have  successfully kept poison pill riders and controversial authorizing  language out of the appropriations bills, whichever side of the aisle  they came from, and we passed, by an overwhelming margin, seven  bipartisan bills out of our committee.   It has been years since we have seen that happen. Here we have seven  bipartisan appropriations bills come out of committee, and almost all  Republicans and all Democrats voted for them. Even with the Interior  appropriations bill--that is a bill that has been historically bogged  down with poison pill riders and usually forced into a massive omnibus  appropriations bill because we could not reach an agreement. In the  past we had to put it in an omnibus bill because we couldn't agree on  it--guess what happened. We passed it out of committee unanimously. I  don't recall that happening in nearly a decade.   Now, if we go forward with this rescission package, it is going to  derail the process.   The rescission bill undermines the bipartisan budget deal that  Republicans and Democrats struck just four months ago.   If we go forward with this package, another will fall, and another,  and another, even further undermining the agreement.   I will remind everybody that if they haven't gotten around to reading  the Constitution, it does grant Congress the power of the purse, not  the executive branch. Congress decides spending priorities, not the  President. We ought to actually do our job. We should exercise our  right. We should reject this rescissions package. We should uphold the  bicameral, bipartisan budget agreement.   So I urge all Senators to reject this rescissions package and to  oppose the motion to discharge.   Madam President, I don't see any other Senator seeking the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum and ask unanimous consent that the  time be equally divided.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   