 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, since we began this process several months ago, I have  met with experts, my colleagues, and, most importantly, the survivors  of sexual harassment and assault. Their insight has informed this  legislation today.   By passing this proposal, Congress will take a much-needed first step  in changing how we do business:   We eliminate counseling;   We eliminate the cooling off period;   We make mediation optional;   We change the system so that we protect the victim and not the  perpetrator;   We require more transparency with regular reporting that has  meaningful information;   We change the confidentiality rule so that the victim decides what to  talk about and when; and   We hold Members accountable for their behavior by referring every  case to the Ethics Committee.   This is long overdue.   There is one person who has been championing this work her entire  career, the gentlewoman from California, Representative Jackie Speier,  and I thank her. Without her, we would not be here. Representative  Speier's leadership and persistence are the main reasons we are so  close to getting this done, and the entire Congress should be grateful  for her work.   It is because of the leadership of the chairman that we are here on  the floor today. As he has his entire 10 years on the committee, he has  been focused on working together in a bipartisan way where we can  agree. Because of that commitment, he will certainly be remembered as  one of the most consequential chairmen of this committee. I thank him,  and I cherish his friendship.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Speier), and, again, the main reason  we are on the floor today.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from  California an additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi), our Democratic leader.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin), a valued member of our committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30  seconds to the gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30  seconds to the gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Deutch).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Deutch).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton).   (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to revise and extend her  remarks.)    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).   Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the ranking member, Mr.  Brady, and acknowledge his longstanding leadership and friendship, and  as well the work that he does with the chairman and for his leadership  as well.   This is a highlight on the floor of the House for the bipartisanship  that it represents, the tone of which we are speaking, even though we  know that this is a matter of urgency and we have seen the telling of  situations that none of us would want to see repeated.   And forgive me for using more of a most recent set of circumstances  just to capture the intensity of the moment, and that is, of course,  the recent trial with a conspicuous and vile sex offender to the 200- plus young women athletes.   Now, this is not the circumstances here in the House of  Representatives, but I think it captures the intensity of silence,  because those young women had to live or thought that that was what  they were obligated to do because they wanted to achieve greatness in  their field, and they were stopped by the wall of silence and,  therefore, could not find relief. The courts have finally given them  relief, but through an enormity of pain.   I think it is important for the congressional standards to be such  that it sets a wide net across the Nation to be able to ensure that the  wall of silence is broken.   Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 4924, to amend the Congressional  Accountability Act of 1995 to reform the procedures provided under such  Act for the initiation, investigation, and resolution of claims  alleging that employing offices of the legislative branch have violated  the rights and protections provided to their employees under such Act,  including protection against sexual harassment, and for other purposes.   Mr. Speaker, this bill will provide a broader subpoena authority to  the Office of Compliance, which adjudicates workplace disputes, and as  well it would expand protections in other areas of antidiscrimination.   Let me say that this is a positive statement made by all of us, and I  ask my colleagues to support H.R. 4924.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my support for H.R. 4924, the  ``Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 Reform Act,'' legislation to  amend the Congressional Accountability Act (CAA) of 1995 to reform the  procedures provided under such Act for the initiation, investigation,  and resolution of claims alleging that employing offices of the  legislative branch have violated the rights and protections provided to  their employees under such Act, including protections against sexual  harassment, and for other purposes.   Legislative branch employees who allege sexual harassment or other  workplace violations could use an accelerated claims process under H.R.  4924.   The bill would amend the 1995 Congressional Accountability Act (CAA;  Public Law 104-1).   I celebrate and congratulate Jackie Speier and the women members of  Congress who stood up. Thanks again to the Ranking Member and Chairman  of the House Administration Committee.   The amendments include:   Eliminating a requirement for counseling and mediation before a  legislative staffer could file a civil action in a U.S. district court;   Requiring members of Congress to pay for settlements and awards if  they're the alleged offender;   Giving broader subpoena authority to the Office of Compliance (OOC),  which adjudicates workplace disputes for most legislative branch  offices;   Requiring the OOC to publish more information on claims, awards, and  settlement payments and reimbursements from lawmakers;   The measure follows recent accusations that lawmakers sexually  harassed or otherwise mistreated employees.  [[Page H809]]    Some of those cases went through the OOC process and resulted in  resignations and taxpayer-funded settlements.   The OOC approved more than $17 million in awards and settlements from  fiscal 1997 through 2017.   Many of those cases originated outside of member-led congressional  offices and didn't involve alleged sexual harassment.   The House is also slated to consider a separate resolution (H. Res.  724) that would apply only to House offices and employees.   That measure would establish an office to provide House employees  with free legal assistance during the OOC process, and would bar the  Office of Congressional Ethics from investigating an alleged workplace  violation once a staffer files a claim with the OOC.   These comprehensive reforms will provide a positive change of culture  within the Congress, and improve the overall process of both preventing  and reporting any harassment in the future.   The CAA requires congressional and other legislative offices, such as  the Congressional Budget Office, to comply with about a dozen workplace  protections that apply to private-sector and executive branch  employees.   For instance, the 1964 Civil Rights Act bars discrimination based on  factors such as race, religion, and sex.   The Supreme Court has held that the law also prohibits sexual  harassment in the workplace.   Some CAA provisions don't apply to offices such as the Library of  Congress (LOC), whose employees are covered by other laws and  procedures.   To seek relief for certain workplace violations specified in the CAA,  a legislative employee must go through a multistep OOC process.   Within 180 days of an alleged violation, the employee must bring it  to the attention of the OOC to initiate a 30-day counseling phase and  be informed of his or her rights.   The OOC doesn't notify the employing office unless the employee  waives confidentiality.   An employee can participate by phone and be represented by someone  else.   If a claim isn't resolved during the counseling phase and the  employee wishes to keep pursuing it, he or she must file a request for  mediation, which lasts at least 30 days and can be extended for an  additional period.   Materials prepared for mediation are kept confidential, though an  employee can still discuss the allegations publicly, according to  December 2017 testimony from OOC Executive Director Susan Tsui  Grundmann.   If a resolution can't be reached through mediation, the employee can  file a confidential administrative complaint with the OOC or a public  civil action in a U.S. district court.   Either filing has to be made within 90 days after mediation ends,  though the employee must wait at least 30 days during a ``cooling off''  period.   OOC-appointed hearing officers are authorized to issue subpoenas to  investigate the allegations.   An employee can appeal a hearing officer's decision to the OOC board  and then to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.   For most legislative branch offices, including congressional offices,  settlements are paid from an account in the Treasury general fund.   The bill would still require employees to file a claim with the OOC  within 180 days of an alleged violation. The measure, however, would  allow an employee to file a civil action in a U.S. district court  within 45 days, which would end the OOC investigation.   Otherwise, the matter would go through a revised OOC process.   At the outset, the OOC would inform the employee of his or her rights  and notify the head of the employing office.   Employees could also contact the OOC before filing a claim to learn  about their rights.   The OOC general counsel's investigative authority is limited to  certain types of claims, such as alleged violations of the Occupational  Safety and Health Act.   The bill would expand that authority to cover a wider range of  claims, including alleged discrimination or harassment under the Civil  Rights Act.   The general counsel could issue subpoenas regardless of whether a  party requests one.   The bill would express the sense of Congress that subpoenas should be  issued only if other methods are insufficient.   The general counsel would have to finish the investigation within 120  days.   The OOC would have to conduct an administrative hearing if the  general counsel finds reasonable cause to believe there was a  violation, or if the general counsel is unable to make a determination.   If the general counsel finds no reasonable cause to believe a  violation occurred, the employee would be notified that he or she could  still file a civil action within 90 days.   The general counsel could also recommend mediation, and the parties  could file a joint request for mediation at any time.   The bill would allow an employee to request mediation meetings in  which the parties are separated.   Any investigative reports concerning allegations of discrimination or  retaliation by members of Congress would be referred to the House and  Senate Ethics committees.   The OOC would also refer claims to the committees if there's a final  disposition--such as a settlement or final decision by the OOC or a  court--in a case involving a lawmaker or a senior staffer.   The bill would require current and former members of Congress to  reimburse the government if an employee receives an award or settlement  for the member's alleged act of discrimination or retaliation.   Funds could be withheld from the member's salary or retirement  account if he or she doesn't meet payment deadlines specified in the  bill.   The OOC would have to notify members as soon as a claim is filed that  they may be required to provide reimbursement.   The member could intervene in a mediation, hearing, or civil action  to contest an award or settlement, though the employee who filed the  claim couldn't be subject to an additional deposition.   Non-congressional legislative offices would also have to reimburse  the government for certain award or settlement payments.   The filing and investigation of a claim would be kept confidential,  though an employee or employing office could disclose claim information  during a proceeding.   The bill would also clarify that information discussed or disclosed  during mediation would remain confidential, without barring the parties  from talking about the underlying allegations.   An office could allow an employee to work remotely or grant the  employee a paid leave of absence while a claim is pending.   The provisions wouldn't override the terms of a collective bargaining  agreement for the office.   The bill would rename the OOC as the ``Office of Congressional  Workplace Rights'' and make other changes to the office.   The office publishes annual reports with statistics on employee  contacts with the office, the basis of their claims, and the results of  proceedings.   The bill would require the office to publish semiannual reports  listing each award and settlement in the previous year related to a  wide range of CAA workplace claims if the money comes from the Treasury  account.   The reports would have to specify the employing offices, award  amounts, and alleged violations.   They would also have to indicate whether members of Congress made  reimbursements resulting from cases of alleged discrimination.   Reports couldn't include the names or positions of employees who  filed a claim.   Within 30 days of the bill's enactment, the office would have to  publish a report on all previous payments related specifically to  discrimination claims if the payment involved any public funds.   That report would have to indicate the amount paid and the source of  public funds, including a House or Senate office account, though it  couldn't identify the specific office.   The OOC would also have to establish an electronic system to receive  and keep track of claims, and use the system to provide Congress with  semiannual reports on the time required to resolve claims.   The OOC would collect information from employing offices, including  the Library of Congress, every two years on their workplace environment  and attitudes regarding sexual harassment.   All responses would be anonymous and confidential.   The OOC would consult with Congress on survey procedures and  methodologies and share the survey results.   The office would have to create a program to permanently retain  records of investigations, mediations, hearings, and other proceedings.   The Government Accountability Office would report to Congress on OOC  management practices and cybersecurity.   The bill would expand certain protections--including  antidiscrimination provisions--to cover employees at the LOC, as well  as unpaid legislative branch interns, detailees, and fellows.   Because of these clarifications and expanded protections included in  H.R. 4924, I stand in support of this bill and urge my colleagues to  join me.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this is an important day for the House of  Representatives. Republicans and Democrats from all different parts of  the country have come together to make meaningful change in how  Congress operates.   As I conclude, I would like to thank the staff that worked so hard on  this, especially Kim Betz, Molly Fishman, and Miriam Goldstein; and  members of my staff, Teri Morgan and Jamie Fleet, my staff director.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Harper for his leadership, and I urge  my colleagues to support this legislation before us now.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this resolution continues the work we started and the  legislation we just considered. It makes much-needed improvements to  how the House operates.   It requires every office to have an antiharassment and  antidiscrimination policy. It provides legal counsel for our House  employees who need assistance in fighting harassment in their offices.  It strengthens our Code of Conduct, the ethics rules we live by, to  make clear that this kind of behavior will not be tolerated, and it  bans the use of the MRA for paying settlements.   I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation.   Again, I would like to thank my chairman for his cooperation. As  always, we work together. As you can see, when we work together, we get  things done.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   