 Mr. President, reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, I will try to be brief. I appreciate  Senator Paul's passion. He has been doing this for 6 years. I think he  has been wrong for 6 years.   Let me say something. There is a reason I am not talking about eye  surgery on the floor: I don't know anything about it. You are talking  about legal concepts you clearly don't know anything about. You are  fighting a crime; I am fighting a war. If it were up to Senator Paul,  there would be no difference between a criminal and a warrior. Radical  Islam in the form of ISIS is not trying to steal your car or break into  your house; they are trying to destroy your way of life. So if you  believe we are at war, as I do, we should apply the law of war.   For 33 years, I was a military lawyer, a prosecutor, a defense  attorney, and a military judge. I think I know the difference between  fighting a crime and fighting a war. When it comes to fighting a war,  if you capture somebody who is part of the enemy force, the last thing  we worry about is how to try them. We want to hold them under the law  of war to gather intelligence, to make sure we understand what this  person knows about any enemy operations.   We had 450,000 German and Japanese prisoners in the United States.  Guess what. Not one of them had a lawyer. If you had said what he just  said, in World War II, they would have run you out of town. Most  Americans would find it odd that a Japanese or German prisoner of war  would be entitled to a lawyer under the Bill of Rights because they are  not.   We are fighting a war, and I would like to win the war sooner rather  than  [[Page S3740]]  later. When it comes to killing the enemy, that is part of war. But if  you are lucky enough, clever enough to capture one of these bad guys,  the last thing I want them to hear is ``You have a right to a lawyer.''  You don't. Under military law, no enemy prisoner has a right to a  lawyer. You are talking about fighting a crime; I am talking about  fighting a war.    There are 44 people in Gitmo who have been held for over a decade who  will never see the light of day because they are part of the enemy  force. They have had due process under the law of war, and they are too  dangerous to let go. They are not going to be tried in Federal court  and they are not going to be tried by military commission because they  are too dangerous to let go. And we have no interest in a trial; we  have an interest in keeping them off the battlefield. They will die in  jail without a trial.   That is what happens when you join al-Qaida or ISIS--you can get  killed, or you can die in jail. So if you are an American citizen  thinking about joining ISIS, don't. You are not going to be captured  because of the color of your skin or your religion or your political  views; you will be captured because you turned on your own country.   In every war we have ever had, American citizens have unfortunately  sided with the enemy. Guess what ISIS is trying to do as I speak. They  are trying to recruit people in our own backyard. How many people have  bought the propaganda over the internet? The two guys in Boston--one of  them had permanent status. They bought into this crazy construct that  you have to kill everybody in the name of religion. The guy who ran  over the folks in New York--all these people have one thing in common:  They were radicalized by the enemy, and they became soldiers of the  caliphate.   So here is what I am trying to say: It is not my view of the  Constitution that I want you to look at; it is what the Supreme Court  has said.   Ex Parte Quirin--a 1942 case--involved capturing German saboteurs in  Long Island. The last time I checked, Long Island, NY, is part of the  United States. You had American citizens collaborating with the enemy.  They were captured as a group. The American citizens were tried by  military commission, and one of them was executed. Why? Because under  the law of war, once you join the enemy, your American citizenship  doesn't protect you from the consequence of your act.   In re Quirin said: Citizenship in the United States of an enemy  belligerent does not relieve him from the consequences of belligerency  which is unlawful because [it is] in violation of law of war.   In 2009, an American citizen captured in Afghanistan was fighting for  the Taliban. There is no bar to this Nation's holding one of its own  citizens as an enemy combatant. For those who understand the law of  war, this is one of the timeless concepts.   He is trying to turn the war into a crime. I agree with Senator  Paul--if you are charged with a crime, you can't be held indefinitely  and questioned without legal representation because you are being  accused of a crime, and you have rights as a criminal defendant. When  you become an enemy combatant, you have rights under the law of war,  and there is no right for an enemy prisoner to be given a lawyer.    Mr. President, I object. I have so much more to offer,  but I object.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, Senator Lee  is a very good friend, and he is very sincere. I will object, and I  want to let the body know that I think the best way to handle this  issue is, if American citizens are suspected of collaborating with the  enemy--ISIS or al-Qaida--we have the due process in place to strip them  of their citizenship. That way, you don't have the problem of reading  them their Miranda rights. You can hold them, without question, as  enemy combatants.   I will end with this. There is a court case right on point, that of  Mr. Padilla's, who was an American citizen who was held as an enemy  combatant. The court says that it doesn't matter the location of  capture, he can be captured in the United States and still be held as  an enemy combatant.   So I object, but I really want to work with Senator Lee to see if we  can find a compromise down the road.   