 Reserving the right to object, we have a standing order.    I object.    Thank you, Madam President. I come to the floor today to  talk about a very important conservation program--the Land and Water  Conservation Fund. This is one of the crown jewels of our Nation's  conservation effort. The preservation, protection, and conservation of  our public lands is something we take great pride in in the western  part of our country and, in fact, all four corners of our State, and  this great country takes great pride in the Land and Water Conservation  Fund and the efforts that it pursues to maintain our public lands, to  show our public lands, to allow the exploration and use of our public  lands for generations to come.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund has had over 40,000 projects in  its existence, billions of dollars in consumer spending driven by the  outdoors--$2 billion in State and local tax revenue driven by our love  of the outdoors. Hiking, hunting, fishing, skiing in the winter,  rafting in the spring are all tied to the incredible conservation work  we do in these incredible programs through the Land and Water  Conservation Fund.   Colorado's outdoor recreation activities have made it the  destination, not just part of the year but all of the year, for people  looking for adventure opportunities in our great outdoors. As I  mentioned, we generate $28 billion in consumer spending just in the  State of Colorado for our outdoors economy.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund isn't just about preserving land  because we want to conserve the land; it is about our economy--our  recreation economy--and those $2 billion in State and local tax  revenues generated by that. It employs over 200,000 people in an  outdoors economy. The Land and Water Conservation Fund is a critical  part of that. We have this economy because of our public lands--the  extensive efforts we have undertaken to conserve them in a condition  that the next generation will also get to enjoy.   One of those tools, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has lapsed.  It has been 60 days since the Land and Water Conservation Fund expired.  Those who would permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation  Fund cleared the committees of jurisdiction in both the House and the  Senate. The Land and Water Conservation Fund authorization of full  funding has bipartisan support--Democrat and Republican support, House  and Senate support. It is a program to sustain access to land that  would otherwise be cut off--public land held and owned by the American  people that we don't  [[Page S7211]]  have access to. We can't get to that land, even though we own the  land--the American people own that land--because it is closed off. The  Land and Water Conservation Fund allows us to get to that land, to  recreate on that land, and to hunt on that land.   In the days leading up to the Land and Water Conservation Fund  expiration, a report was published by the Theodore Roosevelt  Conservation Partnership. It published some figures on public land  acreage that talked about the inaccessible number of acres in the  American public land system. It identified over 9.5 million acres in  the United States that was inaccessible to the public because of  surrounding private land. In Colorado alone, there are over 250,000  acres of public lands that are closed off to the public. That  translates to just shy of 400 square miles of public land in Colorado.  There are 400 square miles of public land in Colorado--almost the size  of Rocky Mountain National Park--that can't be used to hike, hunt, and  fish because we can't access it. We can't access it to explore, to  hope, to think, to dream--all of those things our public lands  represent. The Land and Water Conservation Fund can be used to help  access that land, to find ways to utilize that land. The 400 square  miles of property that the public owns can be utilized by the public  through programs like the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   I want to talk about this picture right here. This is the  Superintendent of the Black Canyon of the Gunnison National Park.   The Black Canyon of the Gunnison National Park had a Land and Water  Conservation Fund-purchased acquisition. You can see it here on the rim  of the canyon. This was at risk of being sold to a developer. The park  is right here. This is the park. Imagine if this rim of the canyon had  been developed what that would have meant. It would have prevented this  national park from meeting the ideals and aspirations of what we  believe it should be and what it means to be a national park. Imagine  the 2,500 acres on the rim of this canyon inside the boundary of the  national park being sold and what it could have done to this public  land that surrounds it.   The land acquired provides access to Gold Medal fly fishing on the  Gunnison River, creates potential opportunities for the National Park  Service to provide more family-friendly hiking near the visitor center,  and serves as a potential source of water to the South Rim, which will  reduce the operational costs of hauling water like they do now to meet  visitor and staff needs. It is a win for all involved. You can see  right there what it means.   In the next picture, we have the Great Sand Dunes National Park. Near  it is a 12,000-acre ranch, the Medano Zapata Ranch, which borders the  Sand Dunes on three sides. It has been 60 days since the Land and Water  Conservation Fund has expired, but this program, this chunk of land,  this 12,000 acres was bought by the Nature Conservancy, one of our  great conservation partners, and is going through the process to be  incorporated into the park using LWCF dollars.   This is an important purchase for our access to existing public  lands--12,000 acres to our existing public lands. You can see the Great  Sand Dunes in the background there. This preserves access to these  public lands and keeps beautiful lands conserved for healthy wildlife  habitat.   Inholding purchases are not the only way the Land and Water  Conservation Fund benefits the outdoors, however. The National Park  Service, through the LWCF State and Local Assistance Program, provides  matching grants for State and local park projects that aren't just  inside national park boundaries.   Just last week, three State parks in Colorado were awarded funding  through the LWCF. Funds awarded to Crawford State Park will be used to  complete a trail between the east and west sides of the park, including  the construction of two prefabricated pedestrian bridges.   Road improvements will be funded at Chatfield State Park, one of the  most heavily used State parks in Colorado, to include resurfacing  damaged asphalt, adding asphalt surface to a gravel access road, and  adding bicycle lanes.   Finally, funding awarded through the LWCF to Cherry Creek State Park  will allow them to resurface one-third of a mile on the Parker Trail.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund isn't just about the West. It is  about the East as well. It is not just about our national forests or  BLM land or national parks, local parks, bike trails, and playgrounds.  It is about those little slices of heaven among the concrete and chaos  of our urban corridors, as well.   I urge my colleagues to come together to find ways to permanently  authorize and fully fund the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   Think about what our public lands mean to this country, and go back  to the words of Enos Mills, who was one of the founding fathers of  Rocky Mountain National Park, who said this: ``Within National Parks is  room--glorious room--room in which to find ourselves, in which to think  and hope, to dream and plan, to rest and resolve.   These are our public lands. We have a chance to act before this  Congress closes to reauthorize and to fully fund the Land and Water  Conservation Fund. I am going to fight tooth and nail to make sure that  we get that job done.   I yield the floor.   