 Mr. Speaker, given the fact that the Endangered Species  Act is under unrelenting attacks by the Trump administration and House  Republicans, it should come as no surprise that, after being out of  session for more than 6 weeks, the first rules bill to go to the floor  is one that continues those attacks on ESA, eliminates judicial review,  takes the American people out of the public rulemaking process, and  makes it easier to kill wolves.   However, one must ask my Republican colleagues: Seriously? Do we not  have more pressing issues to address?   Children are still being separated from their families.   Wildfires are blazing across California.   There have been 311 mass shootings in our country this year.   We have more Federal troops on the southern border than we have in  Syria, Afghanistan, and Iraq, all patiently sitting around and looking  for Poncho Villa's ghost to come around.   The UN released a climate change report finding that we are in a much  more dire state than we thought. In fact, today would have been a great  day to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund,  which my Republican colleagues have allowed to expire twice on their  watch, a bill with 240 bipartisan cosponsors. Instead, we are talking  about killing wolves, a bill introduced in September with three  cosponsors.   In this Congress, Republicans have introduced more than 100 bills,  amendments, and policy riders to remove or block ESA protections for  individual species or to weaken important provisions of a law that is  not only hugely popular with the American people, but also conserves  our biodiversity.   The bill before us today, H.R. 6784, is a piece of legislation we  have seen time and time again to undermine wolf populations in the  United States, but this would deliver an even more devastating blow to  the continued recovery of gray wolves across the lower 48.   Congress should not be making decisions on which species to list or  delist. What we need to be doing is properly funding the Fish and  Wildlife Service to implement measures to strengthen ESA and protect  species and their habitats from permanent extinction, given the fact  that we are facing an ongoing extinction crisis.   The ESA has a near perfect record of saving imperiled species. Even  in the face of massive population growth, haphazard development, and  pressure on ocean and coastal resources, over 99 percent of the species  receiving protection are still surviving today.   ESA works, and 90 percent of the American voters would agree with me.   However, despite its incredible public support and impressive track  record, the Trump administration and House Republicans continue to  attack this historic environmental law and the species that it  protects. These attacks on one of the most successful and popular  conservation statutes in the history of the world are old, they are  tired, and they are not fooling anyone.   I can say with some confidence that these types of attacks on ESA  will not be legitimized in the next Congress. Science, budget  allocation, and protection and conservation will return as the  prominent criteria for ESA policy--not just the resource extraction,  industry's singular agenda.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this legislation.   