 Mr. President, last year, in 2017, we watched a series  of battles related to the very fundamental vision of our Constitution-- whether we are going to do the people's work or whether we are going to  be a Senate run by the most powerful and privileged in America. There  is no question how that came out. It was the powerful and the  privileged.   Three major things happened in 2017. The first was a health bill  designed to destroy healthcare for some 30 million Americans, thereby  also affecting everybody else by raising the costs of healthcare and  putting our rural healthcare clinics and our rural hospitals out of  business. That was a bill for the powerful and the privileged and  against the people.   Then we had the tax bill--a bill that borrows $1.5 trillion from the  next generation. Our pages on the floor here are the next generation.  We gave the bill to them and then gave the proceeds to the very richest  of Americans, increasing and accelerating inequality in wages and  inequality in wealth. That is legislation by and for the powerful--not  we the people.   Then we saw the theft of a Supreme Court seat, done directly to  maintain a court case called Citizens United, which allows the  wealthiest Americans to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to drown  out the voices of the people here in our democratic republic. That is  government by and for the powerful and the privileged instead of we the  people.   Wouldn't it be amazing if this Chamber actually believed in this  Constitution--this vision of distributing power among the voting  citizens--so we have, as Jefferson said, laws that reflect the will of  the people?   Here we are today with another issue that is a battle between the  vision of our Constitution and government by and for the powerful. It  is called net neutrality   What is net neutrality? It is making the internet a place where we  can all participate on an equal foundation, with the freedom to have a  full right to participate in the information world of today and  tomorrow and a full opportunity to participate on a level playing field  in the economic battleground of today and tomorrow. Freedom is what net  neutrality is about.   This is what the Federal Communications Commission wants: It wants to  have a fast lane for the rich and the powerful, and it wants to have a  slow lane, where you are hardly moving at all, for all the rest of us-- all of working America, stuck here in a congested internet while they  sell off the fast lane to the wealthiest. That is what this is about.   The FCC, or the Federal Communications Commission, proceeded in its  decision to take away equality on the internet, to ignore the technical  experts, to produce studies that are debunked by the experts, and to  conduct a fraudulent public comment period where bots, or robotized  comments, were filing fake comments by the millions. They didn't even  want America to be able to weigh in legitimately.   We said: Redo the comment period and put up an interface to stop the  bots so real people can weigh in. You could have real input from real  Americans. That is ``we the people'' government. The FCC said: No way,  because we are bent on our track.   What was their track? To allow discrimination on the internet by the  type of user, to allow discrimination on the internet based on the type  of business or the type of social content, to allow discrimination on  the internet by the type of website, to allow discrimination by the  type of platform or by using an iPhone or a desktop, to allow  discrimination based on the software application--is it Safari or is it  Google?   Why is that? Because the internet service providers can sell, through  that license to discriminate, a fast lane to the rich and powerful  while the rest of us are stuck in traffic.   It is totally unfair. People in America get it. They understand that  this is the opposite of what it means to have a government that  reflects the will of the people.   If we go back to our Founders, James Madison said: ``The advancement  and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty.''  ``The advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the guardian of true  liberty.'' But today a sizable share of the Members of the Senate want  to shut down advancement and diffusion of knowledge on a level playing  field and sell our right to equality to the highest bidder.   They want to put the modern user--the student, the child, the math  teacher, the entrepreneur, the small business--they want to lock them  in chains and say: We are taking away your freedom to participate in  the public square on an equal basis. That is simply wrong. We know it  is wrong because millions of Americans have weighed in.  [[Page S2707]]    On some days in my office, I have had phone calls that are 100 to 1-- 1 or 2 or 3 people arguing: Sure, let the powerful sell off our  freedom. But for every 1 of those folks, there are 100 citizens saying:  No way, fight for fairness. Fight for equality. Fight for our freedom  to participate on a level playing field.   We hear it from all kinds of small businesses. More than 6,000 have  formally weighed in. We hear it from all kinds of organizations. I hear  it from the Realtors. I hear it from the restaurant owners. Everyone  who isn't one of the superelite in America wants equal participation  and freedom on the internet, but there is a whole host of colleagues  today who are considering voting for the elite and rich and powerful  over their constituents.   I encourage you to rethink your priorities because we have a  responsibility, under our Constitution, to do government by and for the  people, not the powerful.   We have heard from chiropractors. We have heard from people who  perform at music venues. We have heard from graphic design artists. We  have heard from medical startups. We have heard from everyone across  the spectrum saying: Give me a fair chance to compete.   A fair chance to compete is an American value. Let us not trounce  that value into the mud today.   I anticipate that at 3 p.m. we are going to have a vote on this  floor, and the majority of this Senate--a slim majority--is going to  fight for freedom, and the rest are going to say: No way, I am not  fighting for freedom. I am fighting for the big and powerful people in  America.   That is just wrong.   Then this bill will go to the House. When it goes to the House, there  will be another battle. So having won here by a slim margin--a slim,  bipartisan margin--we have to win in the House, which means that we  need the American people to weigh in.   Here is the thing. The rich and powerful really want to win the  fight. Oh, they are going to be spending a lot of money to win this  fight. They are going to be sending a lot of lobbyists down the hall to  win this fight. So we have to have the people of America weigh in and  let them know across the hall, down the hall, down this road to the  House that as the people's House, they should do the people's business.   Let's set the example here in the Senate. Let's not have a slim  majority fight for freedom for Americans. Let's have the entire body  weigh in with a robust, extensive majority, fighting--fighting--for  freedom on the internet. Let's win this battle today, and let's win it  in a few days down the hall.   Thank you, Mr. President.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern,  Anabel Moreno-Mendez, be granted privileges of the floor for the  remainder of the day.   