 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Yoho), on this day when we honor dogs that serve  honorably, just like the women and men who serve our country, for  putting on this Special Order.   Anyone who has ever had a dog understands the depths of the bonds  that can develop between human beings and their four-legged friends. I  can remember every single dog that we have ever owned. I can remember  how each one died. I can remember being there when two died. I never  had the discipline or the opportunity or honor to serve with the  working dogs that defend not just our country abroad, but also here at  home. But as I say, of my time in the military, I am not a hero, but I  have gotten to meet some.   In researching for this opportunity to honor those four-legged heroes  and those with whom they work, I had the opportunity to read about some  books: ``Always Faithful,'' a book about Marine Corps working dogs by  William Putney; ``The Dogs of War'' by Lisa Rogak; ``War Dogs'' by  Rebecca Frankel; and ``Sergeant Rex'' by Mike Dowling, among the most  highly commended; as well as ``Unconditional Honor'' primarily by Cathy  Scott,  [[Page H1535]]  which recognizes the fact that those of you watching at home, and this  Record, might not contemplate, and that is the role that dogs play, not  just on the battlefield and in finding missing people, and fighting  crime here at home, but also when helping our servicemen and -women  recover from wounds visible and invisible when they return to this  country.   Indeed, thousands of servicemembers, welcomed by a climate that is  shifting as it relates to service dogs, take the definition of working  dog beyond the battlefield and outside of the field of crime and  punishment into bedrooms and living rooms, and they help our brothers  and sisters heal from wounds that most of us, praise God, will never be  able to imagine.   As I think has been noted, at any given time, there are more than  over 2,000 military working dogs with roughly 700 working overseas.  These specially trained dogs can cost anywhere from $5,000 to $30,000  to procure and train, and about 30 service dogs annually are killed in  the line of duty.   When I was in the military, we always looked with admiration upon the  individuals who had the decorations and the pins and an adornments that  very few people would earn. One was HALO wings. That stands for high  altitude low opening. That is when you jump out of an airplane so high  that someone couldn't possibly imagine that there might be someone  inserting via this mechanism. Well, indeed, we have military dogs that  insert this way, as well as strapped to their handlers via helicopter,  and every other imaginable circumstance.    In fact, as I look at history, the oldest documented accounts of dogs  either being used as accoutrements to defend their people or  accompanying their masters onto the field of battle are almost 3,000  years old, and this is about as long as we can go back into documented  written history. But tonight, Mr. Speaker, I want to speak briefly  about a personal friend and hero.   In early 2006, Patrick Sheridan of the Louisa County Sheriff's Office  procured Magpie Electric Potential from a bloodhound kennel in New  Jersey and began working very hard with what I believe was the second  dog that Lieutenant Sheridan would train. In fact, Lieutenant Sheridan  and his K-9 team have become so successful in working K-9 operations  and scent tracking, specifically, that they have tracked individuals on  multiple continents and in multiple nations. And over the course of  Magpie Electric Potential's, aka Maggie's, 6-year career, she worked  almost 350 calls for service.   In 2010 alone, her duties ranged from trailing breaking-and-entering  suspects and suspects in violent crime cases to helping locate a  missing 5-year-old child before that child succumbed to the elements.   On December 12, 2011, Maggie and Lieutenant Sheridan were not engaged  in chasing down a drug dealer or finding some horrific individual and  preventing them from visiting domestic violence on someone once too  frequently victimized, but, instead, searching for an individual who  had been reported missing and suicidal. I make this point to note that  these dogs defend the people with whom they serve and the people of our  communities.   On this occasion, Maggie, while trailing again on nearly her 350th  working call, encountered a pit bull and ultimately was attacked and  succumbed to her injuries. Her end of watch on December 12, 2011,  represents one of hundreds of working dog deaths just this century.   I, too, commend former President Bush for the establishment and the  use of private citizen dollars to do such of a War Dog Memorial and  hope that we will see something similar done as it relates to those  working dogs who defend us not in the military, but in law enforcement  here at home, not only by pursuing and apprehending criminals, but also  by finding missing children and those who might harm themselves.   Mr. Speaker, I would commend to those viewing and to the Members of  this body, when they find a dog handler or someone who had worked as a  dog handler in the past, please say ``thank you'' for the dedication,  time, and loyalty that is, indeed, reciprocal and unconditional because  we need never fathom how many lives have been saved.   