 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, just months ago, we were debating the so-called Tax Cuts  and Jobs Act. During that debate, I warned that it was the first of the  Republicans' three-step plan to give to the wealthy and make  hardworking families pay the price.   Republicans were successful in enacting step one, the tax scam that  gave more than 80 percent of the benefits to the top 1 percent. Just  one company, Pfizer Pharmaceuticals, is now pocketing $218 million more  every week under this new law. They are not alone. These tax cuts are  showering big corporations and Wall Street with taxpayer money at an  obscene level. That was step one.   Step two, exploding our deficits, was confirmed this week by the  Congressional Budget Office. They concluded that the GOP tax cuts will  add nearly $2 trillion to the Federal debt over the next decade.   That brings us to step three. Having provided millionaires and big  corporations with huge tax cuts that do little to grow our economy, the  GOP has starved our government of revenues. So, naturally, they are  using the resulting deficits as an excuse for massive cuts to programs  that millions of Americans rely on, including Medicare, Social  Security, and Medicaid.   That is what the amendment we are now considering would do. It would  put in place a constitutionally mandated process solely designed to  impose these extreme cuts. That is because it comes packaged with the  GOP's new religious belief that tax cuts for the rich will save us all.  They believe this despite the fact that history and nearly every  respected economist will tell you that the only way we can responsibly  balance our budget is to include new revenues.   So let's call this balanced budget amendment what it is: a stunt to  give Republicans political cover for their deficit-exploding tax scam.  The party of so-called fiscal hawks has become the party of fiscal  hypocrites. They know it, and so do the American people.   While this bill may be a political gimmick, it is a dangerous one  that will have dire consequences for our economy and American families.  To begin with, when in effect, it would require that the entire Federal  budget this year be cut by at least 20 percent. That would be not just  unprecedented, it would be devastating.   Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, veterans' healthcare,  infrastructure, job training, nutrition assistance, and programs that  help make housing affordable and higher education attainable would all  be jeopardized.   But that is not all. This amendment would put an intolerable  financial strain on every State in this country, forcing them to do  more with less. My State of Kentucky relies on Federal funds to cover  37 percent of the Commonwealth's budget, including 16 percent of  education funding and 32 percent of transportation funding. Speaker  Ryan's home State of Wisconsin relies on Federal funds to cover 24  percent of its budget. Chairman Goodlatte's home State of Virginia  relies on Federal funds to cover 20 percent. All of that is at risk  under this amendment.   It would not stop there. This amendment would not only threaten our  ability to respond to economic crises, it would likely make them much  worse. During economic downturns, Congress can help stimulate the  economy by cutting taxes and increasing investments, as we did during  the 2008 financial crisis. But if this amendment had been in place  then, our economy would have been in serious jeopardy, facing a much  higher risk of a full-on, prolonged depression and massive job losses.  Should our country face another financial crisis, this amendment would  be the worst policy at the worst time.    So, in sum, this amendment would threaten the retirement security of  [[Page H3178]]  every senior who relies on Medicare or Social Security and every  working American paying into these programs now. It jeopardizes every  Federal program that helps our communities grow and hardworking  families succeed. It places extreme financial strain on every State in  the country, and it would make it much harder for our government to  respond to crises or even function effectively. Other than that, it is  a great idea.   Mr. Speaker, this is terrible policy that ignores reality and real  consequences and is purely intended to save Republicans' political rear  ends.   It is not just me making this case. Republican Senator Bob Corker  stated recently: ``Republicans control the House, Senate, and White  House. If we were serious about balancing the budget, we would do it.  But instead of doing the real work, some will push this symbolic  measure so they can feel good when they go home to face voters.''   Well said, Senator Corker. If my Republican colleagues truly believe  this is a good bill and that it is good for the American people, then  it is time for them to go home.   