 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of my bill,  H.R. 6082, the Overdose Prevention and Patient Safety Act.   My colleague Mr. Blumenauer and I introduced this bill to help  physicians fight the opioid epidemic. The Overdose Prevention and  Patient Safety Act allows the flow of information among healthcare  providers and health planners for the purpose of treatment, payment,  and healthcare operations.   Unfortunately, there is an outdated Federal Government mandate, 42  CFR part 2, which is creating a firewall between doctors and patients.   My bill, the Overdose Prevention and Patient Safety Act, will give  doctors access to patients' addiction medical information that can  integrate their care, prevent tragic overdoses, and improve patient  safety.   SAMHSA has stated: ``The practice of requiring substance use disorder  information to be any more private than information regarding other  chronic illnesses, such as cancer or heart disease, may in itself be  stigmatizing. Patients with substance use disorders seeking treatment  for any condition have a right to healthcare providers who are fully  equipped with the information needed to provide the highest quality  care available.''   When a person violates part 2, it is referred to the Justice  Department,  [[Page H5329]]  and there is only a $50 penalty. There have been zero cases--let me  repeat that--there have been zero cases in which part 2 was enforced or  any action taken by the Department of Justice or SAMHSA.   The penalties for noncompliance underneath HIPAA are based on the  level of negligence and can range from $100 to $50,000 per violation,  with a maximum of $1.5 million per year.   There have been 173,472 HIPAA violations since 2003, with 97 percent  of those complaints resolved.   Patients, doctors, hospitals, and a broad spectrum of stakeholders  agree we need to end this outdated Federal Government mandate helping  prevent the private sector's innovation.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support the Overdose  Prevention and Patient Safety Act.   