 Mr. President, I come to the floor to amplify the  efforts of my colleague Senator Whitehouse as he gives his 200th  climate speech on the Senate floor. He really has become a modern-day  Paul Revere on one of the most critical issues of our time that very  well dictates the future of our planet and our way of life as we know  it. I believe history will record that Senator Whitehouse riveted the  attention of the Senate--or attempted, certainly, to do so--and the  Nation on the real threat that is climate change. Climate change may be  an inconvenient truth to some, but it is a threat to New Jersey, to the  United States, and to the security and stability of our world. It is a  challenge we cannot afford to ignore.   I agree with my distinguished colleague from Rhode Island that it is  well past time for this Congress to wake up and demand climate action  from this administration.   We often hear the Trump administration officials, and even some of  our colleagues in Congress, suggest that ``we don't know enough'' about  climate change to take action, when the truth is, we know too much not  to take action.   We know about the greenhouse effect and how gases like carbon dioxide  trap heat in our atmosphere. We know that since 2010, we have  experienced the five warmest years on record and that momentary cold  snaps in our weather do not detract from the indisputable reality that  around the world, temperatures are steadily rising. We know that 97  percent of scientists agree that manmade climate change is real and  that the burning of fossil fuels and other human activities have led to  unprecedented levels--unprecedented levels--of carbon dioxide in our  atmosphere and in our oceans.   We know experts at NOAA have concluded that since the Industrial  Revolution, our oceans have become 30 percent more acidic--the greatest  increase in 300 million years.   Likewise, we know the Arctic is warming at twice the rate of the rest  of the world and that as icecaps melt, our sea levels rise, endangering  the coastal communities that drive so much of America's economy.   In New Jersey, we know the real threat posed by climate change, and  we know that threat is real. My constituents bore the brunt of  Superstorm Sandy when it devastated the Jersey shore. We know rising  sea levels and the powerful storms that accompany them jeopardize our  coastal communities. From tourism to commercial fishing, to coastal  property values totaling nearly $800 billion, millions of families  across New Jersey depend upon a healthy coast and a safe climate. While  I may be partial to the Jersey shore, the reality is, nearly 40 percent  of the American people live along a coast. That is 40 percent of our  country threatened by rising sea levels, stronger storm surges, and  more extreme flooding.  [[Page S1677]]    Of course, climate change is far from just a coastal problem. From  life-threatening heat waves to crop-destroying droughts, to record- breaking wildfires, the perils of a warming planet are not up for  debate. The fact is, climate change will impact every human being and  every living thing on this planet if--if--we fail to take action, and  the American people know it.   In October of 2017, the Associated Press found that over 61 percent  of Americans want us to respond to this historic challenge--61 percent.  Even President Trump's Department of Defense gets it. Earlier this  year, the Pentagon reported that about 50 percent of all Department of  Defense sites already--already--face risks from climate change and  extreme weather events. As the ranking member of the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee, I am particularly concerned that we have done  little to address climate change's role as a threat multiplier.   Whether it is disruptions to the food supply or forced migration from  sea level rise or destruction wreaked by more powerful storms, climate  change will likely exacerbate conflict and humanitarian crises around  the world. President Trump's willful ignorance of these threats risks  leaving the United States unprepared for the 21st century.   There is no question that this willful ignorance is born out of this  administration's cozy relationship with the fossil fuel industry. From  the Department of Energy to the Environmental Protection Agency, to the  Department of the Interior, President Trump has stacked his Cabinet  with individuals who seem more concerned about Big Oil profits than the  safety of our people and the future of our planet.   Nearly a year ago, the President announced his plan to withdraw the  United States from the Paris climate accord, leaving us isolated on the  global stage.   Now is not the time to hand our precious waters and protected public  lands over to special interests. Now is the time for Congress to  incentivize the investments that will modernize our energy  infrastructure, create new high-paying jobs, and grow our clean energy  economy.   That is why I have introduced the COAST Anti-Drilling Act to  permanently ban offshore drilling in the Atlantic and protect the  coastal communities so vital to New Jersey and other States. That is  why I introduced legislation with 22 of my colleagues to level the  playing field and eliminate taxpayer-funded subsidies for the five  biggest oil companies. That is why I have worked on the Senate Finance  Committee to extend incentives for wind and solar and other clean  energy technologies. That is why I have backed legislation that would  help harness the potential for limitless clean wind power off our  shores.   These initiatives represent modest, commonsense steps toward a  thriving clean energy economy, but, ultimately, it is not enough. We  need to think bigger and act boldly. That is why I am here on the floor  today with Senator Whitehouse calling for action on climate change. It  is time we take action to reduce carbon pollution, create new, high- paying jobs, and accelerate the adoption of innovative clean energy  technologies. It is time this administration wake up and put the long- term economic, environmental, and security interests of the United  States ahead of fossil fuel profits. It is time the United States  reclaims its rightful place as the global leader on climate change.    The American people demand it, and the future of our planet depends  on it. That future, to a large degree, is going to be, hopefully,  achieved because of individuals willing to stand up for a cause, being  principled about it, and willing to fight for it and continue like a  laser beam on focusing the attention of the Senate, the Congress, and  the American people. Senator Whitehouse is that person, and I salute  him as he gives his 200th speech today.   I yield the floor.   