 Mr. Chairman, I can't think of a more unrewarding,  difficult, fruitless issue to be asked to be the leader on than trying  to find a solution to high-level nuclear waste. Can you imagine if,  when you get elected to Congress, you are called into the Speaker's  office or the minority leader's office and said: Now, I know you are  young and bright and everything, but we want you to take the lead on  something that we haven't been able to solve in 30 years.   Well, that is what  John Shimkus and Congressman Tonko have been  tasked to do. There is not a more unpleasant issue in the 30-something  years I have been in the House than this issue.   Having said that, it is probably one of the most important issues to  solve. We have, at one time, over 100 operating nuclear reactors. They  generate electricity every day, and they use and eventually consume  their nuclear fuel rods. And when they have been used up, you can't put  them on the curb and tell the trash to pick them up.   Now, Mr. Tonko and Mr. Shimkus have worked, not just this Congress,  but the last Congress, and in the case of  John Shimkus, probably the  last six Congresses, seven Congresses, to try to solve this.   We have a bipartisan bill today. I predict it is going to get in the  neighborhood of 260 to maybe 300 votes. It solves the problem. And the  key, in my opinion, to what they have done is that they have  allowed for an interim storage facility in a State that approves it  beforehand.    You are going to have States compete to accept this high-level  nuclear waste on an interim basis, and you make a path forward to  finish the licensing process, or make a negative determination in  Nevada at Yucca Mountain.    You are going to have a way to begin, if this bill  becomes law, to get the waste that is now stored on-site at  deactivated, in some cases, nuclear power plants, consolidated to  interim storage, make a decision on Yucca, ``yea'' or ``nay,'' and if  it is ``yea'' then begin that process.   This is a very good effort. It should pass the House, it should pass  the Senate, and the President should sign it. And then we will finally,  after almost 40 years, begin to solve high-level nuclear waste issues  in America.   I thank both the leaders on this bill, and I hope we get a ``yes''  vote.   