 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 324, the  State Veterans Home Adult Day Health Care Improvement Act of 2017.   This is very personal to me. My cousin, a fellow Vietnam vet who  served on the DMZ with the Army, is currently in need of and receiving  some of that care for some serious health issues he has right now as a  result of exposure to Agent Orange.   The bill we are talking about here strikes a responsible balance by  promoting access to necessary medical services for veterans, while also  improving quality of life by allowing them to return home to their  families each night. Adult day healthcare does more than just provide  veterans with the medical care that they need; it also offers much- needed relief to their caregivers. Oftentimes, friends and family come  together to help with the daily care that these veterans and their  families require.   By giving veterans the opportunity to access medical care for up to 8  hours a day through a State veterans home, caregivers will have the  opportunity to fulfill their personal responsibilities for themselves  and their families. They can get on and get their life in order while  still serving their veteran family member.   These folks work day in and day out to provide unparalleled care,  loving care to our most vulnerable veterans. S. 324 recognizes their  selfless commitment and works to enhance their work-life balance so  they can continue to serve veterans.   In my district, folks deal with the circumstances of rural living  every day. This often means limited access to resources and fewer  options for receiving the services they need.   The D.J. Jacobetti Home for Veterans in Marquette is a perfect  example of what can be achieved when Federal resources are narrowly  focused and responsibly applied. Jacobetti Home's ability to create a  family environment where veterans can receive the care they need while  maintaining quality in their daily lives is a testament to what is  possible when the Federal Government helps local institutions provide  services for the people they know best.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of S. 324.   