 Madam President, I thank the vice chairman of the  Intelligence Committee, and I would also reiterate what he said. This  is one of the last bipartisan committees on the Hill. It should be. It  is because we are entrusted with seeing things and hearing things that  nobody else can and verifying that we live within the letter of the law  and the Presidential directives for the rest of the 85 Members of the  Senate and the American people. We take that very seriously.   I rise today in support of Gina Haspel, the President's nominee to be  the next Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. Ms. Haspel has  been asked to lead one of our Nation's most treasured assets, an Agency  that works in the shadows. It requires a leader with unwavering  integrity who will ensure that the organization operates lawfully,  ethically, and morally.   Gina was born in Kentucky. She was the oldest of five children. Her  father was in the Air Force. She traveled from place to place. She told  her dad one day that she wanted to go to West Point, only to hear her  dad very gently remind her that West Point did not invite women. That  did not delude her sense of service. After graduating from the  University of Kentucky, Gina went on to work as a contractor with the  10th Special Forces Group. It was at Fort Devens that Gina learned  about the CIA, a place where she could serve her country along with  other women doing clandestine work around the world. This excited her.   In 1985 Gina swore an oath to defend the Constitution and began a 30- plus year career of service at the Agency. Since that day, Gina Haspel  has developed extensive overseas experience and served as Chief of  Station in several locations around the world that we can't mention.  But I can tell my colleagues that every time I traveled abroad to a  location where Gina was the Chief of Station, I received the most  thorough brief from the most organized station that I have had the  opportunity to see.   In Washington she has consistently proven herself a strong leader,  rising to the role of Deputy Director of the National Clandestine  Service and then Deputy Director of the entire Central Intelligence  Agency. Those who saw her approach to that role say she served as a  peacemaker, a general, a tough advocate for people, and a clear, steady  guide for an Agency dealing with a complex web of world crisis.   I believe Ms. Haspel's experience, her dedication to service, and her  judgment make her a natural fit to lead the CIA as it enters a period  of profound change and uncertainty. She is, by many accounts, the most  qualified person the President could have chosen to lead the CIA and  the most prepared individual in the 70-year history of this Agency. She  is intimately familiar with the threats facing our Nation. Where others  can discuss world events, Gina Haspel has lived those events. She has  no learning curve.   She has acted morally, ethically, and legally over a distinguished  30-year career. She has earned the respect of the Agency workforce, of  her peers, of Republicans and Democrats, of military officers, and of  civilian security leaders, evidenced by the number of letters received  in support of her nomination--too numerous to read.   Gina has also the courage to speak truth to power, and she has  demonstrated that courage time and again. She has a clear-eyed vision  for the Agency and its future, informed by her career and her past  experiences. Previous outside leaders of the CIA have worked hard to  understand the Agency they were asked to run. But when a case officer,  just back from a war zone, describes to Gina the credibility of a newly  recruited asset and the challenges of dodging check points to get to a  meeting with a source, she knows all the right questions to ask because  she has been there and she has done that.   For all these reasons, I support Gina Haspel to be the next Director  of the Central Intelligence Agency. I am also mindful of the historic  nature of Gina Haspel's nomination and what it means for those first- tour case officers and junior analysts who will join the Agency this  year and in the years to come.   As I said at Ms. Haspel's nomination hearing, outside the Agency  workforce, not many Americans get an opportunity to walk the halls of  the old headquarters building. Those who do, after entering, encounter  a series of portraits depicting former Directors of the OSS, Central  Intelligence, and the Central Intelligence Agency, as its name has  morphed. Some of these Directors were loved. Some were controversial.  Some little understood the Agency they were asked to lead. Some made  disastrous decisions out of hubris or inexperience or both. But one  thing is common: All the portraits are of men.   Many want to make Gina's nomination about one small piece of the  Agency's past. If that were the standard that this institution applies,  John Brennan would never have been confirmed as the Director of the  Central Intelligence Agency because when he was at the Agency, he was  fourth in command, versus Gina Haspel, who was a GS-15. Most of us,  though, are looking toward the Agency's future.   Avril Haines, Meroe Park, and many others who have served or are  currently serving have cracked the glass ceiling at the Agency. Gina is  poised to break it. It may be impossible to measure the importance of  that breakthrough, but I do know that it will send a signal to the  current workforce and to the workforce of the future that a lifetime of  commitment to the Agency and its mission can and will be rewarded. To  those walking for hours to get to a source meeting, to those officers  who stay up all night preparing for the Presidential daily brief, to  those making tough calls about putting their people in harm's way to  secure the intelligence we need to keep our country safe, to those who  find a needle in a haystack, catch the bad guys, find the weapon  shipments, and come home and walk past a wall of stars at the Agency,  know that we support you and we support the job you do. You deserve a  Director who understands who you are, what you do, what you can do, and  what you should do. You deserve a Director who understands your  sacrifice and has a clear vision for the future of  [[Page S2750]]  the Agency and its mission. You deserve Gina Haspel.   I ask that we in this body this afternoon confirm Gina Haspel as  Director of the Central Intelligence Agency without further delay.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   