 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I begin my remarks today by offering my  heartfelt sympathy to those in North Carolina, South Carolina, and  Virginia who were battered by Hurricane Florence over the past several  weeks and who are still feeling the aftermath of that storm.  Unfortunately, people in Louisiana know more than a little bit about  the damage to life and property that these natural disasters can do.   The road to recovery may be long, but we have your back. That is the  message that I want to give to our fellow Americans who were in the  path of Hurricane Florence. Don't give up. You are going to want to.  Don't. Failure is not falling down. Failure is not getting back up.   Today, I wish to talk a little bit about the National Flood Insurance  Program. Weathering a hurricane is difficult enough without the added  burden of having to do it without insurance. Our National Flood  Insurance Program isn't doing its job if it is so expensive that people  can't afford to buy it.   Unfortunately, that is precisely the case for many of our people in  North and South Carolina. In spite of a robust economy--4 million new  jobs in 20 months and 4.1 percent in gross domestic product growth--and  in spite of a booming population in our country, fewer people in the  Carolinas can afford to insure their property today than in the year  2013. We should be ashamed of that.   Experts estimate that fewer than 10 percent of the households  affected by Hurricane Florence have flood insurance at all. So 90  percent do not. Making matters worse, in North Carolina today there are  3.6 percent fewer NFIP policies in place than there were in 2013. Over  that same period of time, North Carolina's population has increased by  620,000 people.   South Carolina tells a similar story. Today, there are 1.2 percent  fewer policies than in 2013, despite South Carolina having 350,000 more  people. This is the exact same story--the exact same story--that we saw  in Texas last year, where 80 percent of homeowners in the eight hardest  hit counties had absolutely no flood insurance. That is four out of  every five people.   Why don't people have flood insurance? There are a variety of  reasons, but because the costs are out of control and middle-class  families have little choice but to just roll the dice is the main  reason. Why is that? Because Congress keeps playing games, and people  don't have faith that the NFIP will be around to pay off. It is also  because some people want to get a sound bite more than they want to  help ordinary Americans protect one of their most valuable  possessions--and, in most cases, their most valuable possession--their  home. If those people want to reform the program because they want to  save the government money, which is a laudable goal--and some do--they  are going about it the wrong way.   The reality is that the National Flood Insurance Program is the only  place--the only place--where people can turn to insure their home and  their belongings.   Now, 98.5 percent of all NFIP policies are in counties or parishes  with a median household income below $100,000. So this argument we  often hear that the National Flood Insurance Program is just a subsidy  for wealthy people and their beach homes is nonsense. It is nonsense on  a stick. And 62 percent of all of the people enrolled in the NFIP  program are in counties or parishes with a median household income  below the national average of $53,889. Last year, many folks saw the  premiums for their homes and businesses increase between 8 and 25  percent.   Floods are the most common and, unfortunately, the most costly  natural disaster. If your home takes on water, your homeowner's  insurance is not going to help you. Let me say that again. If your home  floods and you have homeowner's insurance, you will not be covered.  Homeowner's insurance does not cover the cost of a flood. If you don't  have insurance, FEMA's disaster dollars aren't going to foot the bill  for a full recovery. They aren't.   Even if you are eligible for Federal disaster assistance--for  example, a  [[Page S6268]]  loan or a grant--it will be years before you will see those funds. What  are flood victims supposed to do in the meantime? They can't just  simply sit on an empty lot and wait. Life goes on.   Hurricane Florence is just one in a long line of storms that have  devastated Americans families. I am not just talking about massive  hurricanes such as Katrina, Rita, and Sandy. Unnamed floods in the  spring and summer of 2016 ravaged 56 of the 64 parishes or counties in  my State. In parts of my State in 2016, we had folks who endured 20  inches of rain in 2 days. I don't care if you live on Pikes Peak. If  you get 20 inches of rain in 2 days, you are going to flood, even if  you are not near a body of water. That is just a fact.   In the wake of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria last year, I  thought my colleagues might have seen the light and might have come to  the table to discuss a long-term sustainable and reasonable bill to  reform the NFIP, but, unfortunately, that couldn't be further from  reality.   Congress has not only refused to debate comprehensive National Flood  Insurance Program reform, but the program nearly lapsed. Congress has  had well over a year to lay out a plan. Yet it still refuses to do so  because one or two Members want to hold up progress. Unfortunately, it  is ordinary people like the good people of North Carolina, South  Carolina, Virginia, Louisiana, and Texas who are feeling the pain of  those politics.   Recovering from a natural disaster is more than just putting up  drywall. It is about communities coming back safer, stronger, and  better prepared. The NFIP is an indispensable part of that effort to  rebuild, but a flood insurance program isn't useful if it is too  complicated to understand or if it allows bad actors to take from hard- working families.   We need rules for the flood insurance program that make sense. We  need government websites that a normal person can navigate. We need  quicker decisions by bureaucrats, and a faster process to get disaster  dollars to the people who need them. Most importantly, though, people  need to be able to afford the flood insurance.   I understand the National Flood Insurance Program is running a  deficit. As you can see, we have had an extraordinary number of storms,  and I understand that it needs to be put back into sound, fiscal shape.  But raising the price of the product so high so that people can't  afford the insurance is not going to achieve that. It is going to  undermine the entire purpose of the flood insurance program.   I suggest that what we have to do is to strike a balance between  fiscal stability and longevity of the program and affordability for the  people who are supposed to be served by it. We have no choice but to  get the program fiscally stable, but also we have no choice but to get  premiums under control, and reform is the only path forward. The status  quo is not working.   When Congress established the NFIP, we made a promise. We promised 5  million Americans--that is how many policyholders we have--including  half a million people in my State and 350,000 people in North and South  Carolina, that we would be there to help should disaster strike, and it  is high time that the Congress show people that we meant it.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   