 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding and for  his many years of service.   I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4591, the Preventing  Destabilization of Iraq of 2018, which I introduced with my colleague,  Representative Suozzi.   Since the toppling of Saddam Hussein, Iran has been working to gain  access and influence in Iraq by dismantling American efforts to  stabilize the country and the region. It is abundantly clear that Iran  is working to gain influence in Iraq to further their radical agenda,  and we must do everything in our power to counter their tyrannical  regime and provide hope for the Iraqi people.   I am troubled by the growing influence of Iranian-backed Popular  Mobilization Forces, which are being set up as a parallel military  structure to undermine the Iraqi security forces.   Just this week, we saw the head of a powerful PMF, which would be  sanctioned under this legislation, demanding that the Iraqi Government  allow these militias to secure the border with Syria. Not only would  this legitimize the PMF, but it would also give the Iranians one of  their greatest desires, a secure land bridge to supply weapons and  troops from Tehran to the Mediterranean.   Over the past few months, we have seen the security situation in Iraq  slip further into despair. The U.S. compounds in Baghdad and Basra were  attacked by Iranian-backed groups, resulting in the latter shutting its  doors.   I believe retreating will only hurt the Iraqis and make the region a  more dangerous place, a lesson that we have already learned once.   Following the elections in Iraq this year, we saw Iranian proxies and  militias, as well as Iraqis working on behalf of the Iranians,  attempting to form a coalition government in Baghdad.   This act, which passed the committee unanimously, would impose  sanctions on Iranians or any other person who threatens the peace and  stability of Iraq. It will also sanction several terrorist  organizations, as well as their leaders, many of which are trained and  funded by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps.   Passage of this legislation ensures that the Iranians are not given a  free pass to meddle in the affairs of the Iraqi people. I thank all my  colleagues for their work on this legislation.   