 Mr. President, I will try to be brief. It is getting  late.   A few months ago, I came to the floor and urged my colleagues to set  aside partisan disputes so that we could focus on our most basic  constitutional responsibility: funding the government in a deliberate  and timely manner.   Most observers deemed the prospect dubious at best. Who could blame  them? Like so much in Washington, the appropriations process was  broken, but at the urging of Leaders McConnell and Schumer and with the  help of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle--Vice Chairman Leahy,  in particular--we began to put the pieces back together.   Steadily, methodically, we passed 9 of the 12 annual appropriations  bills in the Senate by overwhelming bipartisan margins. Today, I am  pleased to present my colleagues with the first dividends of their  cooperation.   The conference report before the Senate tonight contains the 2019  appropriations bills for Energy and Water Development, Military  Construction and Veterans Affairs, and the Legislative Branch. It  contains very critical funding to help transition our veterans to the  new healthcare program they deserve and have earned under the VA  Mission Act. It funds nearly 200 construction projects that are very  important to America's military. It does a lot of other things, but I  can say that this is an important package, and it is very important in  what this package does not contain. It contains no poison pills--none  of the partisan riders that have taken down appropriations bills in  recent years in this package. As a result, the conference report looks  a lot like the package that passed the Senate a few months ago by a  vote of 86 to 5.   We have a long way to go, but we are getting there with this first  batch of appropriations bills. I want to take a second and thank the  leaders of both sides, Vice Chairman Leahy, the members of the  Appropriations Committee, and all of my colleagues for their  cooperation in this effort. I look forward to continuing to work  together and urge you to vote for the conference report.   