 Mr. President, I preface my remarks today about China  with a recent article from The Economist, dated March 1, 2018, which, I  think, does a very good job of crystallizing what the hopes and  aspirations that we in the West had for China and what the reality has  turned out to be.   It points out that in March 2000, Bill Clinton divided the American  opinion on China into two camps. The first, he said, was of the  optimists, and the second was of the hawks and the pessimists. The  optimists, as it describes it, have an eye on the future and can see  China becoming the next great capitalist tiger with the biggest market  in the world. That was the optimistic view. The Economist writes that  the hawks and pessimists, who were stuck in the past, saw China as  stubbornly remaining as the world's last, great Communist dragon and a  threat to stability in Asia.   As this article points out, it was not an either/or. It called it a  both/and. It concludes that the China of Xi Jingping is a great  mercantilist dragon that is under strict Communist Party control and  that it is using the power of its vast markets to cow and co-opt  capitalist rivals to bend and break the rules-based order and to push  America to the periphery of the Asia-Pacific region. It calls this one  of the starkest reversals in modern geopolitics.   Indeed, the administration's national security strategy that  President Trump rolled out just a couple of months ago states that  China challenges American power, influence, and interests. It points  out again that the hopes and aspirations of the optimists appear to  have been dashed. Instead, we have one of the starkest reversals in  modern geopolitics. This leads me to the subject I want to at least  start talking about because it does relate to China.   Today, in the Subcommittee on International Trade, within the Senate  Finance Committee, which I happen to chair, we are convening a hearing  on trade issues and China. The core issue my colleagues and I will  examine involves challenges to U.S. businesses, manufacturers, and  service providers who are trying to get access to the Chinese market--a  market that represents the second largest economy in the world. China,  of course, has almost unfettered access to the United States. There are  important protections in place, like the Committee on Foreign  Investment in the United States, which does look at some of those  investments to make sure our national security interests are not  compromised.   By and large, China has open access to the United States and the U.S.  market. China is the United States' largest merchandise trading partner  and the third largest export market for U.S. goods abroad. Although the  legitimate flow of goods and services between the United States and  China has increased over the years and is, in many respects, a positive  thing, statistics alone do not capture the whole story, hence the  preface that I gave about The Economist's view of what has changed in  China.   Unfortunately, while Chinese companies largely enjoy open access to  U.S. markets and an economy that is receptive to foreign investment,  U.S. companies are not afforded reciprocity in this regard. In his  State of the Union Message, the President made that point, which is  that in our trading relationships, we expect reciprocity--in other  words, to treat our trading partners the same way they treat us-- hopefully, to everybody's advantage.   U.S. companies that seek to do business in China often encounter--I  would say always encounter--a protectionist system, one that employs  predatory tactics and promotes domestic industries over foreign  competitors, many of which receive State subsidies. In many cases,  China has used trade as a weapon and coerced U.S. companies to enter  into joint ventures or other business arrangements that require a  company to hand over its key technology and know-how--the so-called  secret sauce of its business--in order to gain market access.   This practice has already begun to erode America's technological  advantage and undermine our defense industrial base, which is something  that  [[Page S2053]]  should concern all of us and is the subject of a revision of the  Committee on Foreign Investment of the United States, CFIUS, statute  that is going to be coming out of the Senate Banking Committee and the  House Financial Services Committee. It will be an updating of the CFIUS  process to meet the challenges of today.   Of course, under section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, the Trump  administration is currently considering potential investment  restrictions to address the harm that has resulted from China's effort  to acquire sensitive technologies through investments. I look forward  to working with the President and others to ensure that the proper  steps are taken, but the real issues are clear, and we will be  considering them in more detail at the hearing this afternoon on  China's restrictive market.   Even though multiple administrations have attempted to engage Chinese  leaders on their trade practices, the high-level diplomatic talks have  generally yielded little progress and have often resulted in  commitments with zero follow-up action. Discussions may continue in the  future, but China's market access reforms are still too slow, and real  barriers exist. Reciprocal treatment for U.S. companies should not be  too much to ask. Indeed, it is the minimum we should insist upon. It is  my hope that today's hearing will paint a clear picture of the problems  that persist with access to Chinese markets and that significant  reforms will follow.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).   