 I want to tell you, the only thing standing in the way of  this bill passing is the Senate.   I have a tremendous amount of respect for Senator Enzi. I know, as  chair of the Budget Committee, he has a job to do, but we have a job to  do.   People sign up for our military, and promises are made. The promises  that are made are the cost of war. The Vietnam war has been over for  decades, and these folks are dying every day. This deal was Agent  Orange exposure. If you served on the mainland of Vietnam, you are  covered, but if you were on a boat on the ocean next to Vietnam, you  were not.   I am going to tell you something. If you have been around weed spray,  which is what Agent Orange is--it is a defoliant--and if you have been  around it, you don't have to be sprayed with it to be exposed to it.  All you have to be is downwind. These folks on the ocean were downwind.  Why do we know that? Because there has been study after study showing  that these folks who served on the ocean next to Vietnam are suffering  from a higher level of cancer, hypertension, and heart disease.   We have a job to do here, folks. There are 30 VSOs, maybe more than  that--Veterans Service Organizations--that expect us to act and do the  right thing here today. I will tell you, the chairman of the Veterans'  Affairs Committee, Johnny Isakson, has done a marvelous job this  Congress, doing what is right for our veterans and making sure the VA  has what is needed to serve our veterans. This is not the VA.   I know there are some in the administration who don't want to see us  do this. But the truth is, this is a cost of war. It is our obligation  to meet the needs of those folks who have sacrificed for this country.  It is time to step up today, folks. We are the only thing standing in  the way of this bill being passed and doing right by our Vietnam  veterans.   I want to close with one thing. Since I have been ranking member and  since I have been a member of the Veterans' Affairs Committee, I have  talked to a lot of Vietnam veterans. These are the folks who came back  from war, and there was nobody at the airport waiting for them--nobody.  They couldn't wear their uniforms on the streets of our towns. Now we  are going to deny them the benefit that they have earned because they  were exposed to Agent Orange. There is no doubt they were exposed to  Agent Orange.   It is time to look at ourselves here in the Senate and step up and  say: Do you know what? It does cost a lot of money. Do you know what?  It has been studied to death, and it can be studied some more, but the  bottom line is, we need to do right by the folks who were willing to  serve in the Vietnam war. Some of them were drafted. Some of them  signed up on their own. But the bottom line is, they all expected to  get the benefits. This is a benefit they should get.   I yield the floor.   