 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Massachusetts for yielding.   Since the beginning of this Congress, we have had more infrastructure  weeks than I can count, but we have yet to take up a comprehensive  infrastructure bill. America desperately needs that.   The American Society of Civil Engineers has estimated that for the  next 10 years, we need $4.6 trillion of infrastructure funding just to  keep pace. Over $2 trillion of that is not funded.   So, for example, 53 percent of our public schools need funding to  make repairs. More than 18 million Americans drink from water systems  that fail to meet Federal lead tests. Forty percent of rural America  and those on tribal lands lack broadband access.   The President has designated week after week as Infrastructure Week,  but this House majority has yet to consider a serious infrastructure  proposal. When it comes to infrastructure, the President and this GOP  majority has been all talk, no action. America deserves better. We have  to fix our roads and highways, water infrastructure, schools, transit  systems, and VA facilities. We have to have key principles for this  infrastructure.   First, we have to create millions of new jobs through investments in  21st century projects. We also need to emphasize public investment over  corporate giveaways and the selling of public goods. We need to embrace  21st century clean energy jobs, including expanding solar and wind  power, promoting energy efficiency, and modernizing the energy grid.   We also need to ensure that investments are not paid for at the  expense of Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid. We need to not  weaken or repeal existing environmental laws.   H. Con. Res. 63, which embodies all of these principles, is supported  by more than one-third of the House, with 157 cosponsors. We need to  bring this proposal up rather than considering partisan appropriations  bill that cut funding for renewable energy and energy efficiency and  repeal protections that keep our waterways clean without offering a  meaningful opportunity for debate.   