 Mr. President, yesterday, President Trump went through a  walk back. President Trump's walk back performance was pathetic. It was  weak, insincere, and thoroughly unconvincing. The President read a  scripted clarification yesterday like he was in a hostage situation.  All you had to do was look at his face. He couldn't even fully commit  to it, adding off-the-cuff that other people could also be responsible  for election interference in 2016. That is hardly a walk back, and it  was concerning only one particular comment. The President did not  address his lavish praise for Vladimir Putin in Helsinki. Is he going  to walk that back? He blamed both countries--the United States and  Russia--for the sour relations between us. Is he going to walk that  back? He said U.S. stupidity and foolishness, not Russian aggression,  was the reason our relationship with Russia was so bad. Is he going to  walk that back? He did not address his brazen attacks on the FBI while  on foreign soil. Is he going to walk that back?   Now, late last night and this morning, the President is back to  celebrating his meeting with Putin. He is walking back the walk back.  That is what he did this morning. This is like Charlottesville redux.  We all know what the President really thought. We know what he thought  at Charlottesville. The walk back was unconvincing, and he went back to  his old ways. We know what he thought at Helsinki. The walk back was  unconvincing. And now, with his tweets this morning, he is back to his  old ways.   The only reason there was a walk back is that the President was  forced by pressure from many of my Republican friends here, from his  allies in the media, and his own White House staff. They all pressured  him to give that temporary walk back. But it is clear from today's  tweets that he doesn't mean it, that he doesn't believe it, and,  frankly, neither does anybody else. It is clear that he still believes  President Putin over the consensus of the American intelligence  community, and that puts Americans' security gravely at risk.   The President's reluctant, ham-handed, half-hearted ``clarification''  yesterday--almost entirely reversed this morning--is woefully  inadequate. His behavior in Helsinki continues to demand a response  from Congress, and there are many things we can do. But later this  morning, if anything is true to form, the President will hold a Cabinet  meeting, and his advisers will shower him with thanks and praise--this  is what he craves--and will provide, perhaps, another version of what  happened in Helsinki.   Given what happened in Helsinki and given that the President's walk  back was so weak, there are several things we as a Congress can and  should do. Talking the talk is not enough. Walking the walk is what is  so important here. We need to act, not simply say ``tsk, tsk; bad  President'' and then go back to business as usual, because the American  polity, the American security, and the view of America in the eyes of  the world have taken a severe setback. It is up to us in the Congress  to try to undo that.   I mentioned a whole host of actions this body can take to counter  Russia's malign activity, punish Putin for interfering in our  elections, prevent him from doing it again, and ensure that the  President is doing what is necessary to stand up for American  interests. The Senate is not powerless to take action in the wake of  President Trump's indefensible performance at his summit with Vladimir  Putin. Let me reiterate and suggest some things we should do, and I  believe we should do all of these.   First, our Republican colleagues need to join us in demanding  immediate public testimony from the President's national security  team--those who were in Helsinki and those who would have knowledge of  what happened in Helsinki.   We need to have immediate public testimony from Secretary Pompeo,  from DNI Director Coats, and from Ambassador Huntsman.   Above all, we need the translator who was present at the one-on-one  meeting with President Putin to testify openly before Congress. That is  not usually done, but there are almost always other people in the room,  so you don't need the translator. But for some reason--a reason that  Americans and the world are wondering about--President Trump wanted no  one else in the room. Having the translator come testify and tell us  what happened there is an imperative. It is so important. It is rare  for translators to come before Congress, but in this case, it is  warranted--A, because no one else was in the room, by the President's  direction, and B, because what happened there might have been so  important, given what happened in public a few short hours afterward.  The translator works for the Federal Government, works for the  taxpayers, and may be the only person who can accurately report what  President Trump said to President Putin behind closed doors, what  concessions were made to Vladimir Putin. We want to know. Did the  President make concessions that hurt our national security? What did he  agree to?   Congress has a duty to conduct responsible oversight of the executive  branch, particularly after what the President did in Helsinki. The  President's summit calls for oversight. Having these people-- particularly the translator--come testify is important. I understand  Secretary Pompeo will appear before the Foreign Relations Committee  next week, which is good, but we need to hear from others, including  the translator. I urge Leader McConnell and his leadership team to  immediately request a hearing of the people I mentioned.    Second, the Republican leadership should soon place on the floor-- ASAP--bipartisan legislation, led by Senators Booker, Graham, Coons,  and Tillis, to protect the special counsel from political interference.  This legislation passed out of the Judiciary Committee with bipartisan  support. It has four sponsors--two Democrats, two Republicans. If  Leader McConnell is serious about the checks and balances and if what  he said in the last day or two were not just meaningless words, he will  put this legislation on the floor. It will pass.   Alongside demanding testimony from the President's national security  team, passing legislation to protect the special counsel is probably  the most important thing this body could do to ensure that President  Trump's recklessness does not precipitate a constitutional crisis.   Third, we should ratchet up sanctions on Putin and his cronies, not  [[Page S5029]]  water them down. The sanctions this body passed by an overwhelming  bipartisan margin of 98 to 2--and I salute Leader McConnell; he helped  to bring it to the floor even though the President didn't like it--have  not yet been fully implemented by the Trump administration. On our  side, Senators Menendez and Van Hollen have some very good ideas about  sanctions, and we should act on them.   Fourth, our Republican colleagues can and should insist that the  President finally release his tax returns. We all know that the  President broke decades of practice when he didn't release those  returns--so damaging because his economic interests outside of the  government are so large, complicated, and varied and so important  because he deals with international finance in these situations.   There was no good reason not to release his tax returns then. Yet  President Trump's inexplicable behavior in Helsinki has many Americans  asking: What does Putin have over him that he is behaving in a way that  is, basically, inexplicable by any rational, logical line of thinking?  That is why his tax returns will be so important. We should pass  legislation that requires the President to release his tax returns. It  was important before, but it is much more important now, after  Helsinki.   Fifth, the Republicans should demand with us that the President  insist the 12 Russians who have been indicted for our election  interference and information warfare be handed over. Putin may not do  it, but at least we ought to show how serious we are as a country. The  President ought to show how alarmed he is that this happened, and the  best way to do that is for our Republican colleagues to join with us.  They will have more influence than we will have in asking him to do so.   Finally, we should have bipartisan legislation on election security.  Together, in a bipartisan way, with the help of my friend from  Tennessee--a senior member of Appropriations--in the last omnibus bill,  we passed $380 million for election security. As I understand it, that  money is now being sent out to help the States, but we have to do more.  There is bipartisan legislation. Senators Klobuchar and Lankford and  Senators Van Hollen and Rubio have good legislation that could help  beef up our election security. We ought to move on it.   Our country--our cyber networks and our election systems--is under  constant attack from adversaries like the Russians. There is bipartisan  consensus that we must harden our election infrastructure. This has led  to the legislation I mentioned by Klobuchar, Lankford, Van Hollen, and  Rubio. There is other legislation by Senators Harris and Wyden. I urge  the Republican leader to let us move on one or more of these bills.   We should do all of these things, not just one or two--all of them. I  can't think of a logical reason not to do any of them other than out of  fear of offending the President. Times like these call for us to do  more. We have already heard some of our Republican colleagues say  ``let's move on'' after what the President said yesterday--as I  mentioned, his so-called walk back was not a walk back at all--and that  if we cared about our Nation's security, we would move forward.   The final thing I would say to my Republican colleagues is this: This  is a moment that will be remembered in American history. It is not  going away. This is a moment that will be remembered next week, next  month, in November of 2018, in November of 2020, and way beyond. The  Helsinki summit is now an unalterable fact in American history--a  moment when, unfortunately, an American President humiliated his own  country and himself before a foreign dictator. It was a terrible sign  of weakness by this President, and it, unfortunately, weakens the  office he holds.   Yet it can be remembered as a moment when a bipartisan majority in  Congress--Democrats and Republicans in their dropping all trappings of  party--links arms and stands up for our country after our President has  refused to do so. Let's hope it is. Let's hope it is.   