 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Tennessee for  his compassionate words on the tragic loss of three dedicated, selfless  servants in care of our veterans. I very much appreciate that, and it  is a challenging time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 324, the State Veterans  Home Adult Day Health Care Improvement Act. I want to thank Senator  Hatch for introducing this innovative and bipartisan bill.   S. 324 directs the VA to enter into an agreement with each State home  to pay for medical supervision model adult healthcare for a veteran for  whom the home is not receiving VA nursing home payments.   Ensuring that veterans have access to appropriate affordable  geriatric and long-term care is becoming increasingly important. In  2017, approximately 9.8 million veterans, or 46 percent, were 65 years  or older.   In addition, VA's own Enrollee Health Care Projection Model indicates  a further demand on long-term care and support services is coming as  the Vietnam-era cohort ages, with most having gone beyond age 75 by  2026.   At present, VA is required to cover the cost of nursing home care in  the  [[Page H1514]]  State Veterans Home for any veteran in need of such care due to a  service-connected disability or with a service-connected disability  rated 70 percent or more. However, there is increasing demand for VA to  offer geriatric and long-term programs for veterans in noninstitutional  settings that would allow them to receive the services and support they  need to remain in their homes--their preferred venue.   Adult day healthcare programs provide veterans in need of supportive  services with companionship, peer support, recreation, and certain  healthcare services, while allowing them to stay and maintain their  independence.   In testimony before the Subcommittee on Health last year, the  National Association of State Veterans Homes claimed that there are a  number of State homes across the country interested in providing  medical model ADHC services; however, the current basic ADHC per diem  paid to the State Veterans Home by the VA is not sufficient for most  homes to cover the cost of this program. As a result, only 3 State  Veterans Homes out of 153, nationwide, provide this program.   This legislation would correct that imbalance, allowing veterans who  would otherwise qualify for more costly VA nursing home care the  ability to stay in their home longer, at a reduced cost.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman has no further speakers, I am  prepared to close.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Long Island--he  clearly understands this issue--for his  [[Page H1515]]  passionate work on this, and we are grateful for it.   I, too, would like to add my voice to this, to the chairman for once  again proving to America that this Congress can work, that there are  bipartisan solutions to issues that we care about in serving our  constituents and our veterans and others. It is something that we are  very proud of here. It doesn't always come easy, but his leadership  somehow finds a way to bring us to the table. We get it done, and I am  grateful for that.   I urge my colleagues to join us in passing S. 324, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   