 Mr. President, I appreciate what the Senator from  Illinois, my dear friend, just said. It is interesting when we deal  with substance and not sound bites.   I used to worry when I was first here and I would hear some of my  very senior colleagues--they were all senior to me; I was the most  junior Member of the Senate--talk about when this, that, and the other  thing happened. I came here with President Ford was the President. I  served with President Carter, President Reagan, President George H.W.  Bush, President Clinton, President George W. Bush, President Obama, and  now, of course, President Trump.   Every one of these Presidents were different, but when we got in  times like this, they believed in substance and not sound bites. Every  one of them would reach a point where Republicans and Democrats could  sit down and reach an agreement knowing, whether it was a Republican  President or Democratic President, they would keep their word and the  Members would keep theirs.   I was honored to be asked to speak at the Gold Medal presentation to  Senator Bob Dole the other day. Senator Dole was a Republican leader  and the Republican majority leader, one of the finest Senators I ever  served with--this, from a liberal Democrat from New England--because he  always kept his word, because he always brought both Republicans and  Democrats together, because he knew we would keep our word.   Frankly, as I spoke those words at his Gold Medal presentation, I  thought: Can't we go back to those days? Can't we have a time when our  leaders come together and the Members across the aisle come together  and then vote? The Senator from Illinois, Mr. Durbin, said: Let's have  votes.   Yes, we passed most of the appropriations bills out of committee in  the past year, but we want time to bring them up on the floor. There  will be amendments I will not like, there will be amendments I will  like, but we will get to vote on them. Vote yes or vote no. That is  what we should do.   Months ago, when President Donald Trump called for a government  shutdown, I thought, when I first heard that, it couldn't be. Then I  saw what he said: ``Our country needs a good shutdown.'' Well, through  his leadership and chaos and inability to govern or keep his word, he  got exactly what he wanted.   I would tell him, after 43 years' experience in this body, there is  no such thing as a good shutdown. It hurts our Nation, it hurts our  reputation around the world, it hurts our military, it hurts our  civilian population, it hurts our businesspeople, it hurts our  educators, and it hurts those who are seeking cures for every kind of  disease there is.   Now, I know it is the majority--and the majority is, of course, the  Republicans who control the White House, the House, and the Senate. It  is their responsibility to produce a bill to send to the President. If  they can't get 60 votes because they refuse to negotiate with  Democrats, well, that is their responsibility. All they needed was nine  [[Page S364]]  Democrats. They couldn't get it done. In fact, they lost four of their  own Members. They could not get it done because Republicans shut  Democrats out of their closed-door meetings. They disenfranchised more  than half the American people. They only appealed for our support after  they had written a bill without our input. Let me tell you, after my  years of experience under Democratic and Republican leadership and  Democratic and Republican Presidents, that is not the way to do it.   On the first day of this Trump shutdown, the anniversary of his  inauguration, we are 112 days into the fiscal year. For 112 days, the  leadership has told us they just need more time to negotiate a  bipartisan deal. I have yet to see the negotiations. I have yet to see  the deal.   They spent that time pursuing a hyper-partisan agenda over the last  year. They stripped healthcare from millions of Americans. They rolled  back commonsense regulations. They passed a tax bill for big  corporations and the superwealthy on the backs of middle-class working  people. This was not time spent negotiating in good faith on the  budget, or the Children's Health Insurance Program, or for veterans, or  for community health centers, or for Dreamers or for a comprehensive  disaster relief package to address the disasters that have gone across  our country in the past year.   Now, last night they said let's have another month to negotiate. Come  on, we are 112 days into the fiscal year, and now they want another  month into the fiscal year--another month of not addressing the  consequences of sequestration by reaching a bipartisan deal to increase  the spending on our military and invest in our communities. Another  month where we fail to adequately take care of our veterans.   Our military leaders agree, we cannot govern by a continuing  resolution. The military cannot function under sequestration, and I  agree with them because we need a budget deal.   I admire Defense Secretary General Mattis. He said, ``for all the  heartache caused by the loss of our troops during these wars, no enemy  in the field has done more to harm the readiness of our military than  sequestration.''   Last night, I could not, in good conscience, support another  continuing resolution without even the promise of a bipartisan deal.   Democrats have been ready and willing and asking to negotiate since  June, just as we did in April, to get the budget passed. In July, I  offered a path forward that would have raised the budget cap set in  place by the Budget Control Act. My plan would have increased spending  for our military by $54 billion and increased investments in our  domestic priorities by $54 billion. Parity has always been the path  forward. It allows us to both strengthen our military but also invest  in our infrastructure, improve our education, combat the opioid  epidemic, and address the needs of our veterans. These are bipartisan  priorities.   I know from my friends in both the Republican Party and the  Democratic Party, we share--we share--these goals. But now, for 112  days, the Republican leadership has kicked the can down the road and  cast aside the basic responsibility of Congress to fund the government.   They gave us this government shutdown. They followed what Donald  Trump said in asking for a good shutdown, even though anybody who has  had any experience in government knows there is no such thing, as the  President has said, as ``a good government shutdown.'' This was done  under the careening leadership and chaos of the President.   He said he was for extending CHIP in the House bill, and then he was  against it. He said he would sign any bipartisan deal we brought to his  desk to protect the Dreamers and increase border security. Then,  through a bipartisan deal, Republicans and Democrats came and did  exactly what he asked for, and he scoffed at it. Now, that is not  steady-as-he-goes leadership.    If we can't take the word of the President, when we know he is only  one tweet away from changing his mind, why should we trust him when he  says he will take care of our veterans or get serious about the opioid  epidemic? Why would we take his word when he says he wants to protect  the Dreamers?   After promising to treat DACA recipients with great heart, President  Trump and the Republicans instead held our Nation's Dreamers hostage.  They caved to the xenophobic voices within their party. President Trump  rejected a bipartisan deal--the only bipartisan DACA deal--which  Senators Graham, Durbin, and others specifically crafted to meet his  demand.   As we speak, 122 Dreamers lose their status every day; that is,  yesterday on Friday; that is, today on Saturday; and that is tomorrow  on Sunday. We know, on March 5, hundreds of thousands of DACA  recipients will begin to lose their status due to President Trump's  actions.   Republicans now argue there is no urgency to provide protection for  Dreamers. I wish you would sit with one of these families and listen to  them. They are people who are pursuing great educations. They are  pillars of our communities and taxpayers. Ask them if there is any  urgency, when you have a medical student about to graduate from medical  school and he worries that he will hear [knocking] at the door.   Well, in light of the decision to end DACA, 122 Dreamers lose their  status every day, and the administration has acknowledged to Congress  that implementing any Dream legislation would take up to 6 months,  during which tens of thousands more could lose their status. No  urgency? If that were my family, I would feel the urgency every minute  of the day and night.   Since President Trump decided to revoke the protected status,  hundreds of thousands of Dreamers have had to live with fear and  anxiety every day their status has not been resolved. Imagine how they  feel when they see the President's views seem to change constantly,  almost daily. Talk about causing whiplash.   Dreamers have no reason to believe President Trump would not  prioritize them for deportation. The fact is, the administration has  asked the Supreme Court to immediately nullify a district court  decision--immediately nullify it--to protect DACA recipients, and they  seem to have no sense of enforcement priorities. They detained a 10- year-old Texas girl with cerebral palsy. They deported a Michigan  father, with no criminal record, who came to this country as a child 30  years ago, paid his taxes and obeyed the law.   Even the majority leader, to his credit, is uncertain of what the  President wants for Dreamers, or for any path forward for that matter.  The majority leader, the Republican leader, said earlier this week,  ``As soon as we figure out what he is for, then I would be convinced  that we were not just spinning our wheels.'' I have never heard a  comment like that in 43 years in the Senate.   We are spinning our wheels with a Trump shutdown. We are spinning our  wheels because the leadership waited for guidance from the President,  unfortunately, instead of doing their jobs working with us, sending a  bipartisan deal to his desk.   We are spinning our wheels because President Trump--I will give him  at least credit for this--is very straightforward. He repeatedly called  for a government shutdown. He is probably the only person in the  government ever who has been foolish enough to do that, but he got  exactly what he wanted, a government shutdown.   So, today, medical research has ground to a halt. Today, in Vermont  and across the Nation, hundreds of thousands of Federal workers are  furloughed through no fault of their own. In Vermont and across the  Nation, every additional hour of a Trump shutdown deals another blow to  the men and women trying to recover from opioid addiction. Every hour,  the burden of the Trump shutdown should weigh heavier on the  President's shoulders because there is only one person in this country  who wanted this shutdown; that is, President Trump.   The Trump shutdown is not and was not necessary. We have always had  the pieces. Everybody--Republicans and Democrats--want to raise the  budget caps set in place by the Budget Control Act. We want to stop the  devastating consequence of sequestration. We want to take care of the  bipartisan Children's Health Insurance Program. We have a bipartisan  agreement to protect the Dreamers.   We have all the pieces. Let's put them together. Let's show the  honesty and the courage to do our jobs.  [[Page S365]]    I see other Senators on the floor wishing to speak.   I yield the floor.   