 Mr. President, at the G-7 Summit in Charlevoix, Canada,  on June 9, 2018, President Trump stated the following in regard to the  Russian Federation rejoining this group of the world's seven most  industrialized and powerful nations: ``It would be an asset to have  Russia back in. I think it would be good for the world. I think it  would be good for Russia. I think it would be good for the United  States. I think it would be good for all of the countries of the  current G-7. I think the G8 would be better.''   Such a statement, even for this President, is stunning.   On March 24, 2014, the current group of G-7 states suspended the  Russian  [[Page S3754]]  Federation, in response to its illegal invasion and occupation of the  Ukrainian territory of Crimea. Since then, the Government of the  Russian Federation continues to illegally occupy Crimea and has utterly  failed to fulfill its obligations under the Minsk Agreements to end its  violent aggression in eastern Ukraine. Russia has failed to respect a  full ceasefire; it has failed to pull back its heavy weaponry; it has  failed to permit the monitoring and verification of a ceasefire regime;  and it has failed to ensure access for humanitarian aid to conflict- affected individuals.   The story does not stop with Ukraine. Since 2014, the Government of  the Russian Federation has greatly expanded its aggression around the  world, including against the United States with the attack on our 2016  election. The Kremlin continues to interfere in elections, wage cyber  attacks, engage in corruption and political meddling, and spread lies  and disinformation--all with the goal to divide societies, undermine  the rules-based international order, and break up longstanding  transatlantic alliances. Our intelligence community has repeatedly  asserted that the Kremlin will likely target our elections again this  fall. The very ideal of democracy as a system of government is under  constant assault from a Kremlin bent on destroying the international  rules-based order.   Upon considering these facts, no observer could seriously think  Russia deserves to be welcomed back into the G-7 club. Any such  suggestion is ludicrous and must be dismissed out of hand.   The United States is a country long governed by the rule of law,  where breaking the rules has consequences. More broadly, the United  States has helped to create the rules-based order in the international  community that has undoubtedly served the interests of the American  people and benefited the world since the end of WWII by fostering peace  and prosperity. The United States is bound with other G-7 nations not  just because of the size of our economies, but because of our shared  values and common cause to foster societies in which our citizens can  live freely, peacefully, and prosperously. Inviting the current  Government of the Russian Federation to rejoin the circle of G-7 world  leaders when President Vladimir Putin's regime poses an ongoing threat  to our freedom, peace, and prosperity serves his interests, not ours.   President Trump's suggestion to readmit Russia to the G-7 and his  subsequent disavowal of the joint communique which the United States  and other G-7 nations successfully negotiated in Charlevoix defy logic.  More outrageously, they reflect his propensity to praise autocrats  while attacking our allies and the democratic values and rules-based  system they defend. Does it put America first to side with autocrats?  This President seems to think so.   I have submitted an amendment to the defense authorization bill  calling on President Trump to retract his comments on readmitting  Russia to the G-7. Absent any change in the Kremlin's efforts to  undermine the rules-based international order or its illegal occupation  of Crimea, the G-7 should not even consider welcoming the Russian  Federation back into its fold, let alone with open arms. This amendment  sends a necessary and strong message that the United States stands by  our friends and the international rules-based order that benefits  American workers and American national security. I am committed to  working with my Senate colleagues on both sides of the aisle to shore  up our closest alliances and to hold the Russian government accountable  for its aggression in Ukraine, the United States, and beyond. I urge  adoption of this amendment.   