 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise to bring attention to a matter of  critical importance to the health and safety of my constituents and  citizens across the country.   We need to act swiftly to clean up abandoned uranium mines in the  Southwestern United States. On the Navajo Nation alone, there are over  500 abandoned mine sites that remain unaddressed and pose a danger to  area residents.   Many of these mines provided uranium to the U.S. Atomic Energy  Commission for defense activities between 1947 and 1970, putting them  in the purview of the Defense-Related Uranium Mines Program. While this  program is working to inventory and assess sites, we must begin  planning to clean these sites up.   This past week, I was in Cameron, Arizona, a community on the Navajo  Nation which has been impacted by uranium mining. The town sits right  above the Little Colorado River, and the mine sites are not far from  the river, whose water eventually flows into the Grand Canyon.   In Cameron, I heard stories about how these sites have gone decades  without the necessary cleanup. At this same meeting, I heard from  community members and Tribal leaders that sites like this are a growing  concern across the Navajo Nation. These communities need us now, Mr.  Chair.   Across northern Arizona, uranium mining has a toxic legacy, and many  of my constituents continue to fight the cancers and diseases that were  caused by radiation exposure decades ago. This exposure was so severe  that Congress went so far as to pass the Radiation Exposure  Compensation Act.   Today we understand these health risks, and we know that unaddressed  sites pose a danger to public health and will continue to pose risks  until they are remediated or reclaimed.   In some communities, abandoned mines are near water, near schools, or  are places where livestock graze. The potential contamination of these  areas that are so critical to our communities and our food and water  resources is a serious issue that we have put off for too long. We must  step up now and clean these sites.   My amendment simply designates funding to expedite cleanup of sites  through the Defense-Related Uranium Mines Program. This amendment will  ensure that we are doing our part to improve public health for long- neglected communities in Arizona and the Southwest.   It is past time to turn the page on the Federal Government's  disgraceful failure to address this issue for the families affected  spanning decades. I urge my colleagues to support my commonsense  amendment on behalf of these families and their communities.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   