 Mr. Speaker, I want to commend Chairman Royce and Ranking  Member Eliot Engel, both of them this Congress, in their leadership. We  are going to miss Chairman Royce as we move on to the end of this  Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I do rise in support of this bill, the Trans-Sahara  Counterterrorism Partnership Act. This bill will strengthen our  counterterrorism operations in Africa, an area where the threat of  terrorism is rapidly rising.   While our attention has been focused on the Middle East, terrorism in  Africa has spread.   Our military successes in Iraq and Syria have splintered ISIS,  squeezed terrorists out of the Middle East, and sent them fleeing to  Africa.    The numbers, Mr. Speaker, are alarming. On the eve of 9/11, it is  important to point out, that al-Qaida on the eve of 9/11 only had a few  hundred followers. Today, it is estimated that 10,000 ISIS and al-Qaida  jihadists have established bases across the continent.   Along with other existing terrorist organizations, such as Boko  Haram, terrorism is taking hold in Africa and prohibiting its  prosperity.   My bill, which I introduced with my friend, Mr. Keating, authorizes,  for the first time, a program called the Trans-Sahara Counterterrorism  Partnership. This program works with countries such as Chad, Mali, and  Nigeria to build their capacity to conduct counterterrorism operations  and strengthen the rule of law.   Furthermore, my bill requires the State Department, USAID, and the  Defense Department to work together to develop a counterterrorism  strategy in Africa. By taking a multifaceted approach, we may be able  to prevent terrorism from gaining a larger foothold in these countries.   Mr. Speaker, again, I would like to thank Mr. Keating, Chairman  Royce, and Ranking Member Engel for all of their support in this  important legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (H.R. 3359) to amend the Homeland Security Act  of 2002 to authorize the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security  Agency of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes,  with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.   