 Mr. Speaker, I support the committee system. The  Democratic Caucus has put roughly 25 of its members on the Financial  Services Committee. We are the members of the Democratic Caucus  assigned to study and debate legislation on Financial Services issues.   We did just that. And 60 percent of the Democrats assigned to the  Financial Services Committee, 15 Democrats, voted in favor of this  bill, while 10 opposed it.   So if members of our caucus wonder what would our caucus position be  if all the members of our caucus had a chance to really analyze bills  in this particular technical area, one would expect that 60 percent of  our caucus would support this legislation.   The reason for that is that the purpose of regulation is to reduce  risk rather than having risk be the reason to have regulation.   This bill focuses on getting companies to reduce their risk. There  are those that say if we just designate more companies as SIFIs, we  will get more regulation.   No, you won't.   What you get is more companies designated, but then you get pressure  to have less regulation on all the designated companies.   What we need is to reserve the SIFI designation for those who are  clearly exposing our economy to the risk of another meltdown, and we  need to encourage companies to be less of a risk to our economy.   The ranking member, who is bearing a substantial oratorical  challenge, being, I think, the only speaker opposing the bill,  correctly points out that AIG was a risk to our economy.   That is right.   This bill would have put it to AIG that you are going to get  designated and regulated if you don't get out of the credit default  business.   Had they done that, the meltdown in 2008 would have been much less  significant.   So let us encourage these companies to de-risk, and let us have  heightened regulation on those who refuse to do so or who by their very  size pose a risk to our entire economy.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the Democratic Caucus to have  some faith in the 60 percent majority who have been assigned to the  Financial Services Committee and voted in favor of this bill.   