 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. Takano for yielding  and for his hard work on the Veterans' Affairs Committee to bring this  important milestone for Vietnam veterans to the floor today. And I also  want to thank Chairman Roe for the hard work that obviously went in in  terms of the markup process, the negotiations with all the different  members, and to make all the pieces fit together; and your colleague,  the ranking member, Mr. Walz, who, again, was a partner through that  process; Mr. Valadao, who is, again, the lead sponsor as well. Again,  this is a real team effort.   There were 330 cosponsors to this bill, which, frankly, there are not  a lot of bills that you can really say that about. Obviously, there  were some impediments that we had to sort of work our way through. This  was good, hard work, real legislating, that brought this measure to the  floor.   As has been said, back in 2001 the VA ruled against a Navy veteran,  Mr. Jonathan Haas, who served on the ammunition ship USS Mount Katmai  off the coast of Vietnam, in his attempt to get Agent Orange benefits  using the presumption that, again, extended to folks who served on the  ground forces. Again, the foot-on-the-ground rule was used by the VA to  deny Mr. Haas his claim; and, again, it has acted as an obstacle ever  since.   In the 112th Congress, a Blue Water Vietnam Veterans Act was  introduced in 2011. Didn't pass. In the 113th Congress, a similar bill  was introduced, and it didn't pass. Again, in the last Congress, the  114th, in 2015, we had another measure which was introduced and didn't  pass.   Yes, we are here today, for the first time ever, to address this  grave injustice--which uses a very arbitrary, technical rule that  defies common sense--and open a path for folks who served in the U.S.  Navy, our sea forces, to make sure that they get equal treatment in  terms of getting the care that they need and, frankly, that they have  earned.   If you look at some of the other countries that have dealt with this  issue, like the Royal Navy of Australia, they have actually shown that  folks who served in the Royal Australian Navy in Vietnam, one of our  great allies during that conflict, actually had a higher incidence of  cancer than folks who served in the land forces.   So it is high time that we move forward with this measure, again,  with all the grassroots support across the country with all the VSOs.  Paul Dillon, a retired master chief petty officer who served in the  U.S. Navy, who is from Gales Ferry, Connecticut, is watching like a  hawk this measure, as are many of his colleagues who served in that  era.    I think they are going to feel some measure of confidence that the  system actually listened to the external pressure that has built up  year in and year out since 2001 to restore justice in the VA system, to  make sure that those who served on the seas are treated the same way as  those who served on the ground in that conflict.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge passage of this measure and, again,  congratulate the hard work of those on the Veterans' Affairs Committee.   