 Mr. President, my dear friend and I got to Congress in  1980, and I thank him very much for his leadership on the CHIP issue,  as on so many other issues that pass through the Finance Committee,  where he has done a terrific job. His caring for kids is unmatched, and  he is a great asset to his State of Oregon, to this body, and to our  country.   We have 2 weeks until funding for the government runs out. Alongside  our talks about extending government funding, we have also been engaged  in serious bipartisan negotiations on a number of issues that should  coincide with that deadline. We have to lift spending cuts, pass  disaster aid, a healthcare package, reach an agreement to enshrine DACA  protections alongside additional border security, and of course there  is the issue of 702 as well.   Those negotiations, though difficult, have been proceeding quite  well. In fact, the four congressional leaders met with representatives  from the White House last Thursday and had an encouraging meeting.  Unfortunately, following that meeting, the White House issued a series  of unreasonable demands entirely outside the scope of our ongoing  negotiations about DACA and border security. It is part of a pattern of  behavior on the part of this White House during sensitive bipartisan  negotiations.    Over the past year, the White House has much more frequently been a  disruptive force rather than a unifying force. To throw down a list  from the hard-line wing of the White House at the last minute is not a  very fortuitous or smart thing to do.   I hope we can keep on the track that we were on because the issues we  are facing are mounting, and a major deal requires dedicated,  bipartisan effort. Democrats are going to keep working toward a global  agreement with our Republican colleagues, one that lifts the spending  caps for defense and urgent domestic priorities in tandem, that sends  our men and women in uniform the support they need, and that puts a  downpayment on tackling the pressing issues here at home, such as  combating the opioid epidemic, improving veterans' healthcare, and  shoring up pension plans. These are every bit as important as helping  our troops.   Our troops are extremely important, but we are a great country, and  we don't have to say: To help the troops, we can't help the victims of  opioid addiction. To help the troops, we can't help the veterans who  once were troops themselves. To help the troops, we can't help working  Americans keep the pensions they paid into year after year. All these  folks want is to retire to a life of some degree of dignity.   When the majority leader said this morning that he is not for parity,  he is saying we can't do both. He is telling victims of opioid  addiction, many of whom are soldiers who have PTSD, and he is telling  pensioners--some miners in his own State--and he is telling veterans  who have to wait in line for healthcare that this country can't do  both, that we can't protect our military, give them the funds they  need, and deal with our domestic needs.   When Donald Trump ran, he said that we have to pay more attention to  America. What the majority leader is saying is that is not the case. So  let no one be fooled. When the majority leader says he is not for  parity, he is not for helping opioid folks to the extent they need, he  is not for helping veterans to the extent they need, and he is not for  helping pensioners to the extent they need. We Democrats are there for  both--helping the military and helping these folks here.   Over the weekend, I was in White Plains, which is a suburb of New  York City. I stood with a mother who lost her son to an opioid  overdose. A mother should never have to bury her son, especially  Stephanie Keegan, whose son Daniel was a veteran who served our country  bravely in Afghanistan. He did very well in school but had a duty to  country. He was in the intelligence unit for a while, he was so  brilliant. But he came home, as some do, nerves shattered by war,  struggling with a severe case of PTSD. Stephanie told me that her  beautiful, brilliant son Daniel--I saw his picture; an all-American  boy, if ever there were one--her son Daniel waited 16 months for  treatment by the VA and died 2 weeks before his first appointment.   ``There are so many things that can be done to change this  situation,'' Mrs. Keegan said. She is right. We can make a real  investment in combating the scourge of opioid addiction, putting real  resources into treatment and recovery, as well as interdiction. We can  make a real investment in improving healthcare at our veterans  hospitals so kids like Daniel don't have to wait almost a year and a  half before they get the treatment they desperately need.   And what about hard-working Americans who need pensions? Retirement  is one of the things Americans worry about most these days. For years,  Teamsters and miners and carpenters paid into pension plans week after  week, month after month, year after year. They took a little less  salary in their negotiations because they wanted to know that when it  was time to retire, they could retire with some degree of dignity. No  one is going to get rich on these pensions, but at least they are there  and provide a little bit of a nest egg for people in their golden  years. As they put the money in week after week, month after month,  year after year, they were told: You may not become rich when you  retire, you may not be able to buy luxuries, but at least you will have  a life of dignity.   Now those pensions may be stolen from millions in America, in this  country. These folks contributed to and earned every penny of their  pensions. Are we going to shrug our shoulders and say: We can't do  that. Most Americans want us to do that; they don't want it to be an  either-or situation.  [[Page S52]]    Our colleagues would say: Well, that might increase the deficit.  Don't come talking to us about the deficit anymore when you put  together a $1.5 trillion increase in the deficit, the majority of which  went to big tax cuts for the wealthiest individuals and the biggest,  fattest corporations in America. No more deficit talk from my  colleagues here.   When we Democrats ask for parity in budget agreements, this is what  we mean: We mean opioids. We mean veterans' healthcare. We mean  pensions.   We need to defend and support the middle class here at home just as  we must protect America from her adversaries abroad, which our military  does so proudly and bravely. We agree that we need to support our  military wholeheartedly, but we don't think that is a reason to leave  the middle class behind. So let's do both. Let's lift the spending caps  equally for defense and these urgent domestic priorities.   Our two parties can reach a deal like that, just as we can reach a  deal to pass a disaster aid package that treats all States and  territories fairly; just as we can have an agreement on a healthcare  package that acknowledges the new realities of the healthcare markets,  which were disrupted by Republicans when they repealed the mandate in  the tax bill last year; and just as we can reach a deal on DACA-- protecting young people who were brought here as kids through no fault  of their own--while at the same time making reasonable, appropriate,  and smart investments in border security--something that in the past  both Democrats and Republicans have supported.   In conclusion, an agreement can be reached on all these issues.  Nobody wants a shutdown. Nobody wants sequestration to come into effect  for either the military or the domestic side of the budget. So let's  continue to work together. Let's commit to work together in good faith  to make progress on these issues and get it done before January 19.   I yield the floor.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Ohio.   