 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her work in  organizing this Special Order this evening.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the importance of workforce  development in America.   Over the past 1\1/2\ years, this Congress has been working diligently  to turn this economy around and get Americans across the country back  to work.   After passing the most comprehensive tax overhaul in 30 years and  rolling back Obama-era rules and regulations, our economy is beginning  to thrive, and the need for a developed and established workforce is  more crucial right now than ever before.   The simple fact is our workforce is aging and there are not enough  people who currently have the skills to take the positions of retirees  nor the thousands of private sector jobs being created every day in  this new economy. And with over 6 million jobs available in this  country as we speak, we have to ensure that our young people today are  equipped for the job market of tomorrow.   In fact, I enjoy meeting with young people and talking about this era  in which, when they are educated, they have the greatest opportunity of  any generation that I am aware of to find a job in an upward economy in  just about every field that they desire.   As someone who has worked in the construction industry for my entire  career, I know firsthand how difficult it is to find skilled workers.  And as a member of House Education and the Workforce Committee, this is  why I was proud of supporting the Strengthening Career and Technical  Education for the 21st Century Act and the PROSPER Act, both pieces of  legislation that bridge the gap between the business community and our  education efforts.   Make no mistake, getting an education is essential, but it is equally  important that our education efforts are aligned with the in-demand  jobs in our communities.   In order to cultivate a qualified workforce for the future, our  education and business communities must work together so our kids and  grandkids have the opportunity to achieve the American Dream. As I  said, I believe that opportunity is the best today that it has ever  been.   Back home in Georgia's 12th District, I have visited small business  after small business. And one question I always ask is: What is your  biggest challenge? And the answer to that question almost every single  time is: Workers.   As a business owner, the greatest joy in my life was creating jobs. I  look back, and I look at the buildings we built in the construction  industry, and we got pretty good at it. But I will tell you, the one  thing, when I look back, and the greatest joy that I had in life, was  giving folks a good job, allowing them the dignity and respect that  they deserve, to empower them to fulfill their God-given right to  provide for their families, to provide for their communities, and yes,  provide for this Nation; an opportunity I believe should be available  to all Americans.   One of the top factors in where a business decides to locate is based  on workforce, and with Georgia being named as the number one State to  locate your business for the past 5 years in a row, our workforce needs  in Georgia are growing each and every day.   I will continue to work with my colleagues in this body on the House  Education and the Workforce Committee to ensure that we have an  available workforce equipped with the skills necessary to jump directly  into that workforce.   Mr. Speaker, again, I would like to thank Chairwoman Foxx for her  leadership work here and her work here this evening in bringing  attention to this critical matter.   