 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, I thank Chairman Frelinghuysen and Chairman Calvert for  their efforts on this legislation and, in fact, the entire committee.   My amendment is simple. It re-prioritizes taxpayer money by moving a  small amount of funds from the Bureau of Land Management land  acquisition account and redirecting them to the National Park Service  maintenance backlog account.   Over the years, Congress has sent billions of dollars into these  accounts, allowing the Federal Government to acquire roughly 640  million acres. Today the Federal Government owns about 28 percent of  all the lands in the United States, including about 40 percent of the  land in my home State of Arizona.   This ownership and the subsequent management of the 640 million acres  comes at a great expense to the American taxpayer and poses  overwhelming challenges for land managing agencies. The deferred  maintenance backlog for the National Park Service--and I have here a  list of those--totals nearly $12 billion. The National Mall alone is  almost $800 million in deferred maintenance, and the Grand Canyon  National Park is $350 million in deferred maintenance.   The list goes on and on.   Given these challenges, it defies logic that we would continue to  spend millions of dollars to acquire more land that we can't pay to  maintain.   So I instead incur just $1.4 million of the net yield on this with my  amendment to start this process of paying for the backlog.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Calvert).    Madam Chair, we have a problem when we can't even agree on  prioritizing $1.5 million additional money to maintain national parks.  Washington, D.C., on the Mall alone, has $1 billion in maintenance  backlog. And Arizona, for instance, has one-half billion dollars in  maintenance. California has over $2 billion in maintenance backlog, and  I could go on and on.   But that is not necessary because we all know that we need to re-fund  the maintenance backlog, and I am only asking for $1.4 million of an  additional $18 million that is going to the land acquisition fund.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   