 Mr. President, today the U.S. Senate is going to vote on  legislation that is representative of years of work that has been done  to help address the opioid crisis. That vote will occur in about half  an hour.   This is historic legislation. It is legislation that was put together  by the House and Senate, on a bipartisan basis, to answer some of the  pleas and calls from our communities back home--pleas from people  asking: Can't you do more to help us reverse the tide of this opioid  epidemic?   I would like to start by thanking and commending Senator Lamar  Alexander for putting together this legislation, taking the work from  five different committees of Congress--the HELP Committee, Judiciary,  Finance, Banking, the Commerce Committee--putting those different  legislative projects together, along with projects that had come over  from the House. Seventy Members of this body have contributed to this  legislation.   This legislation is important because although Congress acted a  couple years ago, unfortunately, the problem has gotten worse, not  better, and we have learned more. The last major legislation we passed  on opioid legislation was about 2 years ago. By the way, during those 2  years, I am told I have been  [[Page S6478]]  on this floor 56 times talking about this issue. I have been talking  about how the legislation we passed is working or not working, talking  about stories from back home, talking about the need to implement the  legislation we passed in a more expeditious way because of this  problem, talking about the urgency, and talking about having the  necessary funding.   Here is the good news: We have increased funding dramatically. The  two bills we passed in 2016 are beginning to work. One is called the  Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act that I coauthored with Senator  Whitehouse; the other is called the Cures legislation. Both of them  helped. CARA has grants that go directly to nonprofits, to programs  that work that are evidence-based, to help with prevention and  education, treatment, and longer term recovery, and to help our first  responders.   The second one, the Cures legislation, gives grants that are going  directly to the States from the Federal Government and then back to the  programs States think work best for them. These funds, which are  unprecedented, along with these two laws, are helping. They are helping  to make the Federal Government a better partner with State and local  government and with nonprofits to combat this crisis.   I have been all over my State to see how these programs are working,  and I have spoken on the floor a lot about the people I have met who  have been helped. I have spoken about some of the cases of hope--cases  where somebody who stepped forward to take advantage of one of these  programs and found the treatment that worked for him or her.   I have also talked about the need for us to do more. That is why  earlier this year--again on a bipartisan basis--we introduced CARA  2.0--the Comprehensive Addiction Recovery Act 2.0--to learn from what  we are seeing back home, what is working or not working with the first  legislation and to move it forward.   The legislation we are about to vote on this afternoon includes a  number of provisions of CARA 2.0, and I appreciate that. Again, I thank  my colleagues for including those and the leadership for bringing this  to the floor.   It also, though, includes some other legislation I think is really  important. Unfortunately, again, we have to do it. Seventy-two  thousand--that is the number of Americans who died from opioid and  other drug overdoses last year. In 1 year, more people have died from  opioid and other drug overdoses than in the entire Vietnam war.   Opioids was the No. 1 cause of death. Within opioids, the No. 1 cause  of death was fentanyl, the synthetic form of opioids. Even though we  have made progress with the legislation I am talking about, we have  this record level of overdose deaths in my home State and in our  country. I believe one reason for that is that despite doing a better  job on prevention and treatment and longer term recovery, we have had  this influx of a new deadly drug. This is the fentanyl influx. It comes  mostly from China. It comes mostly through our Postal Service. It is  the No. 1 killer right now in my State and probably the No. 1 killer in  the country in terms of drugs.   In Ohio, there has been a 4,000-percent increase in the last 5 years  in fentanyl overdoses and deaths. It is inexpensive. It is cheap. It is  deadly. It is 50 times more powerful than heroin; a few specs can kill  you. Because it is synthetic, there seems to be a limitless supply. We  need to push back.   One thing this legislation before us today does is it says we are  going to stop having our Postal Service be the conduit for this poison  coming into our communities. It is about time. The legislation is very  simple. It says this loophole where you can send this deadly poison  through the mail system is going to be closed because we are going to  say that now the post office has to provide law enforcement the  information, in advance, electronically, that all the other private  carriers already have to provide.   We spent 2 years investigating this. One thing we found in our  Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations was the dealers--the  traffickers--were saying: If you send it through the Postal Service,  delivery is guaranteed because they don't have the screening at the  Postal Service.   The STOP Act is important. It will serve as a tourniquet, stemming  the flow of this deadly poison that has led to record-level overdose  deaths and endangers anyone--including first responders and mail  carriers--who comes in contact with it. This is important because it  pushes back on the supply, but that is not all we have to do.   We have to do a better job in terms of getting people into treatment  to be able to overcome their addiction. This legislation we are about  to vote on does that as well. It includes a bipartisan proposal I  introduced with a group of colleagues to expand Americans' access to  treatment by lifting what is called the IMD, or Institutions for Mental  Disease, exclusion.   This is how it works. It is an outdated policy. It is a vestige of a  policy from years ago to try to discourage institutional care, which  was well-meaning at the time. But this is what it does today: It says  that in a residential treatment setting--and some of them are doing a  great job--you are limited to 16 beds if you want Medicaid  reimbursement.   One of the most heartbreaking things I do as a Senator is talk to  families, parents, and loved ones of people who overdosed and died  after they wanted to get into treatment but were turned away and told  there was no more room for them. I have talked to a father and a mother  whose daughter went to treatment. Finally, she was ready. They turned  her away because there wasn't room. In the 2 weeks while she was on the  waiting list, what happened? She used heroin, she overdosed, and she  died. She was ready, but they weren't ready for her. This legislation  will help prevent that and will allow more people who are ready to  overcome their addiction get into a treatment center and get a form of  medication-assisted treatment that is right for them.   Significantly, the final version that we will vote on today, agreed  to by the House and Senate, is an improvement from the House-passed  legislation because it now is covering any kind of substance abuse, not  just opioids, not just cocaine, not just crystal meth, not just alcohol  but any kind of substance abuse. That is very important. All of them  are problems in our communities. Crystal meth has increased in a lot of  areas of Ohio, even as we have made progress against opioids, as an  example.   This legislation will also ensure that once people get into  treatment, it is up to the high standards and the standards of best  care that we all want. It includes several provisions I have been  working on to do just that. One is national quality standards and best  practices for recovery housing, so people who are transitioning out of  treatment and into longer term recovery have high-quality housing  options that eliminate the gaps that so often occur in recovery.   It also helps young people struggling with addiction by authorizing  support programs in high schools and colleges--we have some great  examples of this in Ohio, spreading around the country--to focus on  people who are already addicted but also to act as further  encouragement for people who want to come and learn more about this for  prevention and education.   It will help provide resources and care for some of the most  vulnerable affected by this crisis. There is $60 million in this  legislation for a plan of care for babies who are born dependent on  drugs. These babies have what is called neonatal abstinence syndrome  because their mom was addicted and was using while they were in the  womb. They come out needing to go through withdrawal themselves. They  need more help. We don't know what the impact is going to be longer  term, but we know our hospitals across the country are being filled  with innocent babies who need our help.   It has the CRIB Act included in this legislation, a bipartisan bill I  coauthored that will help newborns suffering from addiction recover in  the best setting possible for them and allows, again, reimbursement for  great organizations, such as Brigid's Path back home in Dayton, OH,  where people come and provide care to kids whose parents are addicted.  They aren't in foster care yet, but they need this care and transition  to be able to ensure their longer term success.   Finally, it reauthorizes some really important programs: drug courts,  [[Page S6479]]  which are working to get people who are incarcerated into treatment;  drug-free community prevention grants, which are helping to push back  in our high schools and middle schools and even elementary schools;  high-intensity drug trafficking areas, HIDTA grants, which focus on the  Federal Government working more with State and local government on drug  interdiction.   This opioid epidemic has gripped my State of Ohio. We are among the  States hardest hit. But every State in this Chamber has been hit, and  it is personal. It is personal for all of us because we have all heard  the stories.   On Monday, before I came here to vote in this Chamber, I went to the  funeral of a young man whose family I have known my entire life. His  mom, whom I have known since I was born, was heartbroken, talking about  his opioid addiction and talking about everything they tried to do to  get over this. We talked about it as a disease, which it is. This young  man's life was cut way too short. I shared in their heartbreak,  mourning his beautiful life cut short by addiction.   I am tired of reading about tragedies like this in the news, hearing  about it from friends and families, and watching the devastation caused  by opioids across my State. We need to do more to turn this tide, and I  believe this legislation will help.   In the midst of this opioid epidemic, we have to do more to cut off  the supply of these deadly drugs. That is done here. We need to do more  to close the gaps that occur in treatment. That is part of this. We  need to do more to catch those who fall through the cracks and help  those gripped by addiction get into treatment, get over their  addiction, and get on to lives of meaning and purpose--a life with  purpose.   To those I represent who are struggling with addiction, to those who  have friends or loved ones who have struggled or continue to struggle  with addiction, and to the millions of people in communities across  this country who have been crippled by this crisis, this legislation is  a turning point and a glimmer of hope. It is a glimmer of hope at the  end of a dark tunnel. It will not solve all of the problems.  Ultimately, those are going to come from our communities, from our  families, from within our own hearts. But this legislation will help by  allowing law enforcement to stop the flow of these deadly drugs,  allowing people ready to turn their lives around to get treatment and  support, and allowing our communities to begin to heal.    I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation this  afternoon.   I yield back my time.    Mr. President, I agree with Senator Durbin. First, I  would like to also voice my appreciation for the hard work that our  colleagues in both the House and Senate put into the SUPPORT for  Patients and Communities Act. Lifting the IMD exclusion for all  individuals with substance use disorder was no easy feat and took  decades to accomplish, and I believe that this is a testament to all  that we can achieve when we work together to solve our Nation's  problems in a bipartisan way.   With that said, I would like to echo Senator Durbin's concerns  regarding the limitation of stays for just 30 days. Each individual  seeking treatment for substance abuse is unique and so are their  treatment needs. That is why my colleagues and I included a 90-day  limit to stays in our Improving CARE Act; 90 days would both  successfully accommodate a full range of patient needs, while also  ensuring that there is a time limit on inpatient stays so that patients  and providers can work together in a timely manner to successfully  transition the patient into outpatient care.   Section 5052 recognizes this by taking language from our Improving  CARE Act that requires participating, inpatient facilities to offer at  least two forms of medication-assisted treatment because we recognized  that everyone's treatment needs are different and there is not one  single treatment or length of stay in an inpatient facility that is  right for everyone. In many instances, 60 or even 90-day treatment  programs may be necessary for an individual to succeed, and this is why  we included a 90-day stay limit in the Improving CARE Act.   However, it should be noted that section 5052 does include additional  language that I hope might rectify this issue. We included in our  Improving CARE Act clarifying language that notes that nothing in the  policy will supersede the existing ``Medicaid and CHIP Managed Care  Final Rule'' that was finalized by the Centers for Medicare and  Medicaid Services on April 25, 2016. That rule allows for Medicaid- managed care plans to offer inpatient, substance abuse treatment for up  to 15 days at a time.   Thus, it is important for us to clarify that as the architects of  these provisions that Medicaid managed care plans do in fact have the  authority to blend the 30-day stay limit that is authorized under  section 5052 of the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act and the  15-day stay limit from the Managed Care Final Rule. Under this  construct, Medicaid managed care plans will have the flexibility to  offer inpatient, substance abuse treatment for up to 45 days.   My home State of Ohio relies heavily on Medicaid managed care and  currently enrolls nearly 90 percent of all Medicaid beneficiaries into  Medicaid managed care plans. While I am disappointed that we could not  find the means to offer our constituents up to 90 days of care, I am  grateful that many in my State will be able to have a bit of additional  flexibility to extend their stays and get the treatment that they need.    Mr. President, I agree with Senator Durbin. While the  policy in H.R. 6 is limited and does explicitly limit inpatient,  substance abuse treatment stays to just 30 days, there are in fact  opportunities for individuals with either Medicaid managed care or for  individuals living in states with 1115 waivers that expanded this type  of coverage to receive longer stays if necessary.   