 Mr. President, one of the most consequential duties of the  Senate is the consideration of a Supreme Court nominee. This is the  Congress's opportunity to shape the direction of the Federal courts and  to defend a judiciary that is focused on laws, not policy. For those of  us who have been called to this role for a limited time, this work is  important. It will outlast us by decades. None of us should take this  duty lightly.   With the appointment of Justice Gorsuch last year and now a record 22  judges to the courts of appeals, the past 18 months have been among the  most consequential for the judiciary in the history of the Nation--and  that was before Justice Kennedy's retirement.   As significant as these confirmations have been for the last year and  a half in the judiciary, the current Supreme Court vacancy is arguably  the most important task before the Senate this year. This vacancy is a  remarkable opportunity to affirm the role of a judge under our  constitutional system of republican self-government.   Fundamentally, this shouldn't be an exercise in policymaking, as  vital and important as policymaking can be. Making law is not the job  of the courts in any way, shape, or form.   Don't get me wrong. Setting goals and making policy can be very  important, but it is done in the open, and it starts at home. Americans  answer our biggest questions outside of government with our friends and  neighbors, with our communities of worship, in our rotary clubs, and in  our small businesses with entrepreneurship and all sorts of  volunteerism in America.   With regard to government, policymaking choices are made by the  American people through their representatives whom they elect and can  hire and fire. To put it bluntly, Members of the Senate and Members of  the House of Representatives at the other end of this building can be  fired. In fact, 435 of the 535 people we work with in the Congress are  always within 23 months and 29 days of being sent back home by the ``we  the people'' who are actually in charge of policymaking in America.   But the Court is different. Nobody back home can fire a Supreme Court  Justice. They have lifetime tenure. We should reflect more often on why  our Founders decided to give members of the judiciary lifetime tenure.  That is why we don't want those judges with their lifetime tenure to be  writing laws or making policy. If a judge wants to make policy, he or  she should take off the black robe of impartiality and run for office.  It is a legitimate thing to do. All of us in this body have done it. We  think it is a way to love our neighbor and serve our country, but in  our system of ``we the people,'' the voters decide who gets to make  policy. Judges have black robes, and they have lifetime tenure. They  are not policymakers.   Regrettably, as our ever-fraying sense of common identity in America  is falling apart in the eyes of many of our citizens, we are warping  the role of the Court and of judges, reducing the role of the Court  from the plain and ever-compelling words of Marbury v. Madison ``to say  what the law is,'' not what some judge wishes it were; we are, instead,  seeing the judiciary warped into a profane occupation of pronouncing  policy preferences but without any mechanism of meaningful  accountability by which the people could still be in charge. We should  not let that stand. We should not want to see that perpetual warping of  the judiciary into a place of being policymakers--yet policymakers  without accountability.   We need a recovery of basic civics in the country about what the role  of a judge is and what the purposes of the courts are. We should not  let this confirmation process turn into a battle for our own policy  preferences that just breaks down our constitutional architecture--the  constitutional architecture on which an American free society depends.   Sadly, that is apparently what many people in the Resistance aim to  do. They aim to bork Judge Kavanaugh's nomination by any means  necessary. We are less than 24 hours into this, and folks are already  declaring that if you can't see that Brett Kavanaugh is a cross between  Lex Luthor and Darth Vader, then you apparently aren't paying enough  attention.   The American people are smarter than that. That kind of charge is  silly, and the American people don't want judges who think of  themselves as superlegislators.   Unfortunately, far-left super PACs are shouting that we have reached  the apocalypse. I was outside last night, right at the edge of the  Supreme Court steps. In addition to the signs that were being held up,  saying that Brett Kavanaugh was hastening the end of days, there were  other signs on the ground, which had been printed with the names of  other potential nominees to the Court, about how they were the ones who  would bring about the end of days. This isn't true. We need less WWE  ``Thunderdome'' and a lot more ``Schoolhouse Rock.''   The confirmation process of the Supreme Court nominee should be an  occasion to do basic civics with our kids, and it shouldn't be dividing  Republicans and Democrats about policy preferences. It should be an  occasion for Americans to come together and talk again about why judges  wear black robes and why they have lifetime tenure. This should be a  test of the character, competence, and constitutional commitments of  someone who has been nominated to the judiciary because in the American  system, judges have a peculiar role--no more and no less than what  article III of the Constitution gives them.   In Judge Kavanaugh, we have a compelling guy. He is a standout dad,  and even his most ardent critic will acknowledge that he is one of the  most thoughtful and influential judges on the courts of appeals across  the Nation today. He has a ton of impressive opinions to his name,  especially on the subjects of separation of powers and administrative  law, which are now dominating the docket not only of the DC Circuit  Court of Appeals, where he currently sits, but also at the Supreme  Court to which he has been nominated.   Judge Kavanaugh was put on the circuit court at age 41--12 years  ago--a remarkably young man to be put on such a prestigious court. In  his 12 years on the court, he has authored more than 300 opinions. I  think the current count is that more than 100 of his opinions have been  cited by more than 200 of his peers on other courts across the country.  He is truly a judge's judge.   Last night, I heard from people on both the right and left ends of  the policy spectrum, but legal experts said to me quotes that were  remarkably eerie in their echo: Brett Kavanaugh is always the smartest  person in every room he is in, yet when you are in the room, you would  never know that he knows it because of his humble manner and his  winsome ways.   If my colleagues want to pursue these confirmation hearings as mere  naked partisanship, they should actually resign their seats and try to  get cable news jobs. But if we want to take our jobs seriously, if we  want to have an honest debate, then we should be taking seriously our  charge to uphold the three branches of government, their separate  responsibilities, and the ways they check and balance one another.   With those more than 300 opinions, we have a lot of homework to do. I  am looking forward to beginning to dive further into Judge Kavanaugh's  opinions over the course of the last 12 years. I am pretty confident  that what we are going to find is a guy who has lots of deference and  respect for the limited job that a judge is called to fulfill. I hope  my colleagues in this Chamber will join me in diving into those  opinions, sort of foreswearing the ``Thunderdome'' silliness that many  people outside are urging us to turn the confirmation process into.   Thank you.   