 Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a proud cosponsor of H.  Res. 676, to urge support for this bipartisan resolution to help stop  terror.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Royce and my good friend Ranking Member  Eliot Engel for their leadership on this issue, and I am glad that this  bipartisan resolution has proceeded swiftly to a vote on the House  floor.   Mr. Speaker, the revolution of 1979 marked an enormous step backwards  for global security and for the basic rights of the Iranian people, the  longest suffering victims of this corrupt terrorist regime.   From its very beginnings, the Islamic Republic of Iran, under the  control of its Supreme Leaders, has repeatedly violated the fundamental  human rights of its own citizens.   In August, the U.N. Special Reporter on the Situation of Human Rights  in Iran highlighted the Khamenei regime's many ongoing abuses,  ``including the arbitrary detention and prosecution of individuals for  their legitimate exercise of a broad range of rights; the persecution  of human rights defenders, journalists, students, trade union leaders,  and artists; a high level of executions, including of juvenile  offenders; the use of torture and ill treatment; widespread violations  of the right to a fair trial and due process of law, especially before  revolutionary courts; and a high level of discrimination against women  and religious and ethnic minorities.''   Beginning late last month, protestors across the country have taken  to the streets to decry their dismal economic prospects; Iran's costly,  aggressive, and destabilizing actions throughout the region; and an  antidemocratic regime that stifles their rights and aspirations and  supports terror. These brave men and women, engaged in peaceful  demonstrations, have every right to demand change from their corrupt  and oppressive terrorist government.   While Iranians live under a brutal, authoritarian mullahcracy at  home, their government insists on bankrolling terror throughout the  region. Iran has capitalized on sanctions relief, bolstering its  arsenal of conventional arms and its illegal ballistic missile program,  and increasing the funding of heinous terrorist organizations and  proxies in Lebanon, Yemen, and Iraq, as well as propping up the  murderous regime of Bashar al-Assad in Syria.   As the world's leading sponsor of terror, Iran provides more than  $800 million, annually, to Hezbollah and recently renewed its support  for Hamas. Iranian-backed forces are also attempting to gain a foothold  in Syria, right up against Israel's border, to threaten our vital ally  and the leading democracy in the region.   There should be nothing partisan about having the backs of brave men  and women anywhere who risk death to speak out for what is right and  against a terrorist regime. This bipartisan resolution condemns the  regime's censorship, violent crackdowns, and systematic repression. We  must send a clear message to Iran that its destructive behavior  throughout the Middle East will not be tolerated.   Mr. Speaker, the time has come for the people of Iran to enjoy their  fundamental right to a peaceful and democratic government. I urge each  of my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan resolution to  help stop terror.   