 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, ZTE and Huawei Technologies are owned by  the Chinese Government. Time and time again, we have seen that these  companies, along with many others, abuse and manipulate their placement  in the market to attack sensitive American communications, the  technology sector as a whole, and our national critical infrastructure.   There is no partisan disagreement on this point. Congress has been  briefed many times on Chinese cyber attacks, espionage, and trade  secret theft. We all know this is a problem. It is therefore  astonishing, Mr. Chairman, that it is still possible that U.S. taxpayer  dollars could be used to buy goods and services from these two bad  apples.   My amendment would change that. Put simply--and it is very simple,  Mr. Chairman--my amendment would prevent funds under this act to  procure any goods or services from these two companies. This should be  the start of a larger, coordinated effort to harden our defense supply  chain, sensitive communications networks, and critical industries and  infrastructure from modern threats, whether they come from China or  anywhere else.   Mr. Chairman, I look forward to working with my friends and  colleagues in both parties in making that a reality, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support just as strongly as my  friend from Virginia in support of the amendment from my good friend  from Connecticut.   Mr. Chairman, we have a serious strategic issue with respect to  submarines. This amendment would give the Navy the option--just an  option, Mr. Chairman, not a requirement--to procure submarines at a  faster rate than it is currently planning right now.   As we face bigger threats from China, from Russia, and in force  projection in general, we need to look at all options, all especially  when we are routinely briefed, as we all are on the Armed Services  Committee, on the strategic deficiencies that we find right now.   Finally, Mr. Chairman, I would like to point out and make sure  everyone knows I have zero shipyards in Arizona. We do not build any  ships in Arizona. We are landlocked.   I support this amendment not just because I am a marine and because I  am a patron; I think it is in the best interests of our country and  national defense.   