 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the impending  confirmation of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. It now appears that tomorrow,  Judge Brett Kavanaugh will become Justice Brett Kavanaugh, an Associate  Justice on the United States Supreme Court.   It is worth pausing for a moment to reflect why that is of such great  consequence for our country. In recent decades, the courts have seized  more and more policymaking authority, have intruded into the authority  of the democratically elected legislature, and have taken policy issue  after policy issue from the hands of the American people and usurped it  instead into the hands of five unelected judges.   Given those stakes, the 2016 election in a very real sense was waged  over what direction the Supreme Court would go, and there was a  markedly different vision, a markedly different promise that was made  by Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. Donald Trump promised to nominate  constitutionalists who would defend the Constitution and who would  defend the Bill of Rights. That is what the people of Texas want, and I  believe that is what the American people want--judges who will follow  the law, who will be faithful to the Constitution, who will uphold our  fundamental liberties--free speech, religious liberty, the Second  Amendment, the 10th Amendment--the fundamental liberties protective of  every American in the U.S. Constitution.   The stakes here are high, particularly with this seat--the seat that  was held by Justice Kennedy, a Justice who has been the swing vote for  three decades now.   Even though the stakes are high, what we have witnessed the last  several weeks is unprecedented in the annals of confirmation battles.  We saw initially a confirmation hearing that was relatively  straightforward. It was marred by protests, coordinated with Democratic  Senators, according to media reports. On the first day of the hearing,  70 individuals were arrested for protesting and disrupting the hearing.   But at the end of that opening week of hearings, not a single Senator  on the committee had made the argument that Justice Kavanaugh was not  qualified to be a Justice--by any measure, he is one of the most  respected Federal appellate judges in the country--nor did any of the  Senators on the Judiciary Committee make any meaningful argument that  raised serious concerns about Judge Kavanaugh's jurisprudence. He has  been a court of appeals judge for over a decade.   It appeared at that point that the confirmation was a forgone  conclusion and that indeed Judge Kavanaugh was  [[Page S6596]]  likely to get a substantially bipartisan confirmation. Then, on the eve  of the vote, it was leaked in the press that there were allegations of  sexual misconduct and sexual assault. Those allegations sadly had been  in the possession of the ranking Democratic member of the committee  since July 30 in the form of a written letter that had been submitted  by Dr. Ford on July 30 detailing the allegations. The allegations were  serious. The allegations deserved to be treated with respect.   In that letter, Dr. Ford requested to stay confidential. She did not  want her name thrust into the national news. The Judiciary Committee  has a process for handling allegations. As nominations go forward,  there are all sorts of allegations that are raised, and the ordinary  process would be for the ranking member to refer that letter to the  full committee, to the chairman, refer it to the FBI for an  investigation, and then the committee has a standing process to engage  in a confidential hearing--a closed hearing--where the allegations  raised by Dr. Ford could have been considered without dragging her name  into the public.   That would have been the right way to do that. That would have been  the Senate operating the way it is supposed to operate, but sadly it  didn't operate that way. Instead, it appears the Democratic Members of  Congress made the decision to leak the letter to the press and to drag  Dr. Ford unwillingly into the public square. That did enormous damage  to Dr. Ford and her family, and it did enormous damage to Judge  Kavanaugh and his family.   When that happened, the Judiciary Committee--the Republican members  of the committee met, and I urged my colleagues, once these allegations  were made public, that there needed to be a public hearing and that Dr.  Ford deserved a full and fair opportunity to tell her story; that she  needed to be treated with respect. That, I am glad to say, is exactly  what happened.   I also believed Judge Kavanaugh deserved a full and fair opportunity  to defend himself and that he, too, should be treated with respect.  That, sadly, is not what happened. The hearing we had last week  featured one Democratic member of the committee after another dragging  Judge Kavanaugh and his family through the mud, raising smear after  smear after smear--not just the allegations that Dr. Ford had raised  but other, more farfetched and in some cases absurd allegations.  Apparently, the threshold for dragging a man's character and  besmirching his family in Washington is nonexistent.   At that Thursday hearing, we heard powerful testimony from two  witnesses--Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh. It was clear that both were  hurting. It was clear that both had been done enormous damage by the  politicized way in which Democratic Members of this body launched these  allegations in the media. But even though we were seeing political  games, that didn't relieve any Members of this body from the solemn  obligation we have to advise and consent, the obligation we have to  have a fair process, to consider the allegations, and to make the best  judgment we can.   After two witnesses presented powerful testimony, it became clear  that their testimony was directly contradictory, so we were called to  assess the evidence before us. Typically in a court of law, when you  have conflicting testimony, the way a court of law will assess that is  to look to other corroborating evidence--what other evidence is there  that indicates whether particular allegations are true.    In this instance, Dr. Ford had identified three fact witnesses--three  named fact witnesses--all of whom gave statements to the Judiciary  Committee under penalty of perjury. All three of the named fact  witnesses--not only did they not corroborate the allegations, but they  affirmatively refuted the allegations. They did so on penalty of  perjury, meaning if they were lying, they could face up to 5 years in  prison.   For me, the fact that all of the corroborating evidence contradicted  the allegations and the fact that Judge Kavanaugh has a many-decades- long record as a distinguished public servant with no allegations  whatsoever prior to the eleventh-hour political allegations that were  launched by the Democrats--the balance of that, I believe, leads a fair  decision maker to make the decision that I have made and that this body  is preparing to make, which is to confirm Judge Kavanaugh.   Even so, at the insistence of a number of Senators, the Judiciary  Committee went further: Last week, it asked the FBI to conduct a  supplemental background investigation, investigate these allegations.  The instructions to the FBI were to investigate all current, credible  allegations.   The FBI did 10 interviews. I flew back to DC from Texas last night.  At 10 o'clock last night, I came to the Capitol and in a classified  setting read all 10 of those 302s--the reports the FBI agents prepare  coming out of those interviews. Having read every single one of those  reports, not a one of them provides additional corroborating evidence  for Dr. Ford's allegations. Indeed, the key fact witnesses who had  previously given statements--unsurprisingly, their statements are very  much the same. They are more detailed, and they are more extensive  because the FBI agents questioned them at greater length, but at the  end of the day, all three named fact witnesses still continue to refute  the allegations. That means that this body, if we are to be fair and  impartial, I believe, should confirm Judge Kavanaugh.   That does not mean, as some have seen in this deeply politicized time  in our country, that allegations of sexual assault should not be taken  seriously--to the contrary. The fact that we had an extensive public  hearing to hear those allegations, to treat Dr. Ford with the utmost  respect, that the FBI investigated those allegations, sought out the  fact witnesses, looked for corroborating evidence--all of that  demonstrates the seriousness with which those charges should be taken.   Sexual assault is a growing problem in our Nation. It is a pervasive  problem in our Nation. The #MeToo movement--we have seen powerful men  in Hollywood, powerful men in journalism, powerful men in politics, and  powerful men in business abusing their position of power and harassing  or assaulting women. That is unacceptable.   I am glad to have worked with my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle in passing legislation through this body ensuring that there are  tough standards and that we end the process of secret taxpayer  settlements if a Member of Congress is guilty of harassment or assault.  We should have no tolerance for that sort of misconduct.   So anyone at home who is watching these proceedings, it would be a  mistake to take the politicized charge of Democrats who wanted to  defeat Judge Kavanaugh before these charges came along--virtually every  Democrat who is voting no was going to vote no before any allegation  had been made. Indeed, a great many of the Democratic Senators  announced their opposition to Judge Kavanaugh within minutes or hours  of his being named. Every Democratic member of the Judiciary Committee  announced their opposition to Judge Kavanaugh before the opening  minutes of the confirmation hearing, before hearing a word Judge  Kavanaugh had to say.   The circus we saw last week was a whole lot of political theater. It  featured some Democratic Senators, I believe, vying for the 2020  Presidential nomination and seeing who could be more extreme and put on  a bigger spectacle. But the American people expect this body to be  fair. The American people expect this body to respect the law and the  rule of law. We have been through a process that I believe has been  fair, has heard out these claims.   It is my hope that, coming out of this, the anger and rage that have  been stoked dissipates. It is my hope that Members on both sides of  this aisle and, more importantly, Americans on both sides of the  political aisle across the country can remember who we are, can  remember how to disagree, to disagree passionately. We can have  passionate arguments about whether taxes should be higher or lower. We  can have passionate arguments about immigration policy or any other  policy matter. But I hope that we can remember how to disagree without  being disagreeable, to disagree while being civil, to disagree while  respecting each other, while respecting each other's humanity.   It would have been wrong to vilify and demonize Dr. Ford, and I am  glad the Judiciary Committee did not go down that road, but it is  equally wrong  [[Page S6597]]  for Democratic Senators to demonize and vilify Judge Kavanaugh based on  a lone accusation without corroborating evidence. That is not fair, and  that is not right. It is empty politics. And if we continue down this  politics of personal destruction, we are going to find fewer and fewer  people willing to step forward and serve, fewer and fewer people  willing to serve on the Federal judiciary, willing to serve in the  Cabinet.   There was a time when this body was called the world's greatest  deliberative body. That was a long time ago, but I do think it is  possible for us to get back to that, for us to keep disagreements  focused on substance and issues and remember the fundamental humanity  even of those who disagree with us.   The American people--certainly the people of Texas--I think a great  many were horrified by what they saw last week. Some in the media have  characterized that women should necessarily oppose Judge Kavanaugh's  confirmation because they are women. I don't think that is right--that  is certainly not true from the women I have heard from the State of  Texas--because women, like men, want the Constitution followed  faithfully, want the Bill of Rights protected, and want our fundamental  liberties upheld. Women, like men, want a system of rule of law and a  presumption of innocence that is fair. Yes, if there is serious,  credible evidence of sexual assault, it should be dealt with seriously.  But women and men are mothers and fathers, are husbands and wives, are  sons and daughters, and brothers and sisters. Every parent of sons  should want a system where due process is protected and where one lone  and uncorroborated allegation is not enough to end the career and  reputation of their son. And every parent of daughters--and I am the  parent of two daughters--should want a regime where your daughters are  protected and their lives can't be ruined with an uncorroborated  allegation either. But if, God forbid, they face assault or harassment,  there is a system of accountability, and the wrongdoers are held  accountable.   We want a fair system. We want a just system. We want a system that  recognizes the rule of law. There are many countries that are ruled by  mob, ruled by accusation, and ruled by insinuation. But we need a  process. In this case, we have gone through a process that was designed  to be fair. And given the evidence, the right decision, I believe, is  the decision this body will make tomorrow to confirm Judge Kavanaugh as  Justice Kavanaugh, the newest Associate Justice on the U.S. Supreme  Court.   I yield the floor.   