 Mr. President, we are in the midst of the Trump  shutdown, aptly named for him because he is the one--perhaps the only  one in America--who thinks it is a good shutdown. In fact, his head of  Office of Management and Budget, Mick Mulvaney, gloated that it was  ``kind of cool'' that he was the one who got to shut down the  government. ``Kind of cool,'' he said on Friday in a radio interview.   As I speak tonight, all Americans know there is no such thing as a  good shutdown. All of us in this body strongly believe that we must end  this shutdown.   We mark the first-year anniversary of the Trump Presidency with the  Trump shutdown and his now infamously saying on May 2 that our country  needs a ``good shutdown.'' But this shutdown has damaging, even  potentially devastating effects on millions of Americans--our troops  whose pay will be delayed, our families who rely on the Children's  Health Insurance Program and who will soon be without funding,  community health center patients whose source of healthcare will be  closed, government workers who keep our Nation running every day, the  disaster relief victims in Puerto Rico who will be denied relief, along  with their fellow Americans in Texas and Florida. This shutdown is not  a ``good shutdown,'' and it is not ``kind of cool.''   I beg to differ with the majority leader, who has just come to the  floor saying that Democrats agree with everything that is in the  measure that came to us from the House, because, as damaging as a  shutdown is, so is a continuing resolution. It is corrosive and  destructive to good government.   We have been through three continuing resolutions--each a month--in  as many months, and now a fourth in the fourth month is proposed. That  is no way to run a government. Whether it is 3 weeks or 4 weeks, at the  end of that so-called continuing resolution--a short-term temporary  patch--we will be in the same place as we are today.   The good news is that we have bipartisan consensus not only that we  must end the shutdown but also on each of those issues that are  necessary to reach consensus on a longer term, full fiscal year  package. That is also why a continuing resolution and the measure that  came to us from the House are completely inadequate--because they  continue to fund those programs at the same level as the previous year,  2017. The Pentagon, the Secretary of Defense, and our military leaders  have told us unequivocally and clearly that those levels are inadequate  to our national defense.   I hope there is bipartisan consensus among us on the Armed Services  Committee and in the Chamber as a whole that we need a strong national  defense--both military and nonmilitary funding--and there needs to be  an increase in that funding, which the bill presented last night did  not provide.   So far from agreeing with every provision in that 4-week extension,  it is inadequate. It would be irresponsible and reprehensible for this  body to go along with it, and that is why four of our Republican  colleagues joined us in opposing it.   We are all here tonight ready to vote but waiting on one man-- President Trump--to finally be the leader that we expect and demand the  President to be; the leader that Donald Trump himself in 2013 said that  President Obama should be in ending or stopping the shutdown then. He  said, in effect, that the buck would stop with President Obama--just as  now it does with President Trump.   In President Obama's case, his party did not control the two branches  and Houses of the Congress. The Republicans control the House, they  control the Senate, and they control the White House. They are in  charge. They are responsible, and they are dysfunctional, in disarray  and division.   There have been weeks--indeed, months--of difficult negotiations. I  am not here to blame my Republican colleagues. I think they have  worked--many of them--in good faith. And that is the reason we have  arrived at bipartisan agreements on the need for increases in defense  spending, both military and nonmilitary; on the need for the Children's  Health Insurance Program to be reauthorized, along with  [[Page S393]]  community health centers; the needs of veterans and pensioners and  disaster relief to aid the victims of the recent hurricanes, Irma and  Maria. That is why we need also to prevent the mass, draconian  deportation of 800,000 young people brought here as infants and  children through no choice of their own.   Those bipartisan agreements on each of those issues can be turned  into a package that can unite both sides of the aisle--maybe not  everyone but a majority here and a majority in the House of  Representatives--if they are simply put to a vote. We are here to vote  on the substance. Give us that opportunity to vote on a package that  embodies those bipartisan agreements.   The President must either lead or get out of the way. These difficult  negotiations have to be contrasted with the talks that took place just  yesterday between the President and the minority leader, Senator  Schumer. In a kind of microcosm, that day epitomizes the kind of  leadership that got us to this point.   The President and minority leader emerged from that conversation at  midday with a conceptual framework and agreement--virtually--on a  constructive set of principles, including a path to citizenship for the  Dreamers.   To the consternation of some on our side, the minority leader put on  the table, in effect, full funding for the wall--the wall that my  colleague Senator Rubio just discussed as a condition for such an  agreement. This wall was supposed to be funded by the Mexicans. It is,  in my view, excessively costly and a waste of money. Border security is  absolutely necessary, but it can be done more effectively and less  expensively with surveillance, drones, sensors, more patrol officers,  and better training. There is a set of fencing system improvements that  we can agree on. But if Donald Trump wants that wall and it is a  condition for literally the survival of 800,000 young people, the  minority leader was willing to put it on the table. That flexibility  and willingness to compromise epitomizes the approach that we have  offered to take--and must be taken--to reach an agreement.   Within hours, literally, the President backed away from that virtual  agreement--maybe ``backed away,'' in fact, is inaccurate. He was pulled  away by his far-right extremist staff and supporters. We may never know  all of the names that spoke to him, but the fact is, the agreement fell  apart.   The shutdown is almost entirely the making of one man, who happens to  be President of the United States and who today marks his 1-year  anniversary--a year characterized by chaos and conflict, disarray and  dysfunction, personal invective and partisan controversy. He has  reversed himself so many times that the majority leader himself  expressed frustration just a day or so ago because we have no idea what  he wants to emerge from these bodies on any of these issues. The  minority leader characterized negotiating with him as trying to deal  with Jell-O. I think it is equally like a ping pong ball that ricochets  back and forth, depending on who has last talked to him and what his  mood is and what his last tweet may have been.   So, just as many times before, the President is likely to put the  extreme rightwing members of his party before all else--before children  and their health, before Dreamers and their potential deportation, and  before funding for our troops.   One party is in charge of the Senate and the House and the White  House. It owns this shutdown. But more important than pointing fingers  and assigning blame is reaching an end and reaching agreement on what  is necessary to end this shutdown. And more important than who is hurt  politically in this body or the House or in the White House is who is  hurt in the country by the failure of this government to function.   We have work to do. We are here tonight. I will be here tonight and  tomorrow. We have engaged in some very constructive conversation and  discussion across the aisle. I think there is good will on both sides  because ultimately we have in our hearts and minds this great Nation.  If the President is not able to take yes for an answer, he needs to  accept what we provide and resolve that the great dealmaker has to be a  deal acceptor. He has repeatedly shown himself to be an erratic,  unreliable, unpredictable, and capricious negotiator. There are a  number of ways to resolve this shutdown that are within reach with the  right kind of leadership on both sides.   I went today to the Women's March here in Washington. I was impressed  with the excitement and energy and the dedication of many of the young  people who were there. Far from the cynicism and the partisanship that  maybe we find all too rampant in this body, their idealism seems  balanced. It is inspiring and exciting, their dedication to equal  rights and equality, to women's healthcare, and engaging in the  political process, believing that one person--one of them, one of us-- can make a difference.    If we are impressed by the resolve and determination of those young  people, as I was, we should fulfill those high expectations which they  and all America have for us.   Restoring trust in our institutions is a service we can help perform  by ending this shutdown, coming to an agreement, and making sure we do  what is truly in the public interest.   Looking into their eyes, I was reminded also of the Dreamers. They  are known as Dreamers because they believe in that same American dream.   Many of the individuals at the Women's March on the Mall in  Washington, DC, this morning were, in fact, Dreamers. They were not a  majority but many. They were there because they believe in America, the  only country they have ever known. Their communities, their schools,  their families are intricately part of this Nation. They are Americans  except for the papers, the documents they lack.   I know that my Republican colleagues want to give them a path to  citizenship. It is not so much give but afford them the opportunity for  a path to citizenship because they have so much to give back to this  country. They have lived here all their lives. They played by the  rules. They are our future doctors, engineers, nurses, business owners,  and entrepreneurs. We can fulfill the American dream for them and for  us if we give them that path to citizenship.   A great nation fulfills its promises. America is the greatest Nation  in the history of the world. We need to keep our promise. We need to  keep our promise in this body to the American people--the oath we have  taken to uphold the law and the Constitution--and to do what is right.   We should do what is right for the Dreamers and their American dream,  for our military who need support, children who need health insurance,  families who need health facilities, veterans who need programs that  they have earned and deserve, and fellow Americans who need disaster  relief. Every one of them should be done now, not 3 weeks from now, not  4 weeks from now. We are already 112 days into this fiscal year. Now is  the time to do the right thing.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   