 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, in 2018, doctors routinely diagnose and treat  illnesses and disabilities suffered by the littlest patients: unborn  babies as well as newborns. They enhance both the child's health and  longevity.   Abortionists, on the other hand, take a far different approach. They  dismember and chemically poison children to death for profit.   For decades, babies have survived later term abortions. A  Philadelphia Inquirer story some thirty-seven years ago called baby  survival ``the dreaded complication.'' In other words, it is a  complication that a child survives.   I got involved in the pro-life movement when I read an AP story of a  child who survived a later term abortion. The abortion rights movement  then, in 1972, before Roe v. Wade--it was in New York--were apoplectic  about it because the baby survived. That should have been a reason for  rejoicing.   Dr. Willard Cates of the CDC was breathtakingly candid when he said:  ``Live births are little known because organized medicine, from fear of  public clamor and legal action, treats them more as an embarrassment to  be hushed up rather than a problem to be solved. It's like turning  yourself in to the IRS, he said. What is there to gain? The tendency is  not to report because there are only negative incentives.''   An undercover investigator asked an abortionist: What do you do? What  is your protocol when the child is born alive?   He said: ``I mean the key is, you need to pay attention to who's in  the room, right?''   That was what he was quoted as saying.   We are talking about coverup, ensuring that the people who are in the  abortion clinic all gag themselves and not speak to the truth of what  has happened when a baby has been killed after birth.   The legislation today requires a significant penalty for healthcare  practitioners present at the time the child survives the abortion,  exercise the same degree of skill, care, and diligence to preserve the  life and health of the child, and then get them to a hospital.   This is humane legislation. I urge my colleagues to support it.   