 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today this Chamber will take an important  step to ensure that we have leadership in the Department of Veterans  Affairs to oversee the implementation of historic reforms that we  passed in May to improve the VA's healthcare delivery system and  provide veterans with more choices and fewer barriers to care.   We will vote on the nomination of Robert Wilkie to serve as Secretary  of the VA. Having served our Nation in uniform, as well as experiencing  military life as the son of a wounded combat soldier, Robert Wilkie's  extensive career in a wide range of defense and veterans issues makes  him uniquely qualified to serve as the next Secretary of the VA. He  clearly understands the complexities associated with serving our Nation  and the importance of taking care of veterans.   I am grateful for Robert Wilkie's willingness to serve as the next  Secretary of the VA. I urge my colleagues to follow the example of the  Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, which overwhelmingly advanced his  nomination to the Senate in a bipartisan way. Having served as Acting  Secretary of the VA, Robert Wilkie is well aware of the challenges  facing the Department.   Accepting responsibility to oversee the implementation of reforms  passed by Congress, including the VA MISSION Act, to update its medical  records system, to expand support for our women veterans, and to reduce  the disability claims backlog, are just a few of those issues that he  will need to tackle.   To accomplish all of this, he will have to change the culture at the  VA. Serving as the Secretary of the VA is a huge undertaking, but one  that he has committed to me that he wholeheartedly accepts. The Senate  VA Committee and my office are ready and willing to help him and the VA  succeed in their mission.   Congress has given the VA the tools to provide our veterans with  quality care and to improve the benefits they have earned. Now the  Department needs his leadership to implement and to carry out these  changes. Under the leadership of future Secretary Wilkie, the VA can  reestablish a nonpartisan approach to serving veterans.   Our veterans must be our top priority. I am confident that Robert  Wilkie will provide the leadership the VA needs to better serve our  veterans.   I yield back.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   