 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, whether  you support ObamaCare or oppose it--and I clearly oppose it--it remains  the law. The decision in the Texas case is being appealed, and I expect  it will eventually end up before the Supreme Court.   Regardless of what happens in this legal process, our commitment has  always been to protect people with preexisting conditions. As a doctor  and husband of a breast cancer survivor who has had three operations  and who has been through chemotherapy twice, I know the importance of  making sure that patients can get access to quality healthcare at an  affordable cost. Since ObamaCare passed, this has not happened for many  families I speak to in Wyoming. They keep telling me that ObamaCare has  made their insurance unaffordable, whether it is premiums, copays--all  of it. It has made it more difficult to get the care they need.   Simply put, they know ObamaCare has failed because they personally  have experienced the law's sky-high premiums and few choices.   It has taken Washington Democrats a little longer to figure this out.  Now they are clamoring for a federally mandated, single-payer system.  They want a healthcare system dominated and controlled by Washington.   As a doctor, my focus is on making healthcare better for patients,  period. It shouldn't take a judge to force us to get it done. We need  to reform healthcare to give American families better care at a lower  cost, which ObamaCare failed to deliver.   The question is whether Washington Democrats are interested in  solving problems or playing politics. I am ready to work.   Therefore, Mr. President, I object.    Mr. President, today the Senate passed H.R. 5787, the  Strengthening Coastal Communities Act of 2018, by unanimous consent.  This legislation adds new acres to the Coastal Barrier Resources  System, which Congress established through bipartisan legislation in  1982.   I yield to my distinguished colleague, the Senator from Delaware,  ranking member of the Environment and Public Works Committee.    Mr. President, the Senator from Delaware is correct  about this use of digital maps. Under H.R. 5787, Congress does not  intend to prevent the use of these tools or data to assist in the  implementation of the Coastal Barrier Resources Act. Congress intends  to ensure the integrity of the system maps and the rule of law.  Congress intends that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service be permitted  to continue to make determinations as to whether a location is inside  or outside of the Coastal Barrier Resources System with the assistance  of Geographic Information Systems and any digital boundary data that  were used to create the Coastal Barrier Resources System maps.   In cases where properties or project sites are located close to a  system boundary, due to the scale of the official maps or age of the  underlying base maps, the assistance of various digital tools and data  may be needed in order to ensure that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife  Service makes accurate determinations. Congress intends that those  determinations are based on a printed, hard copy version of an  applicable digital map.   