 Mr. Chairman, I think that we have actually found some  common ground when our colleague is saying, let's use science.   Effectively, that is what we are talking about with this amendment,  to be able to have analysis, to be able to have project planning.   Let me give you a real-life example in southwestern Colorado: the  West Fork Complex fire, which erupted because we had trees growing not  at the elevation that they should, overgrowth in our forest that  resulted in a massive fire.   I would suggest that if you care about endangered species, if you  care about protecting our waterways, if you care about having an  abundant resource to be able to develop to be able to support our  schools through the rural school programs as well, this is an  opportunity to be able to create those healthy forests and to be able  to move forward with good commonsense planning that is going to be  provided by this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I encourage the passage of the amendment and applaud  Mr. Westerman's efforts on this.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, West Fork is in a remote part of Dolores  County, Colorado, surrounded by the San Juan National Forest. Emergency  and fire response is a challenge in this part of the county because the  closest fire station is currently 26 miles away.   The amendment I have offered would authorize the Forest Service to  convey approximately 3.6 acres of National Forest System land to  Dolores County for the strict purpose of building and operating a fire  station in the West Fork area.   In addition to creating emergency and fire response challenges, the  lack of a dedicated fire station has created insurance challenges for  homeowners in West Fork. In an area surrounded by the national  forestland, it is critical to have fire insurance for your home and  other structures on your property. With no fire station in reasonable  proximity to the area, it is nearly impossible for homeowners to obtain  fire insurance in West Fork.   The text of this amendment is identical to the West Fork Fire Station  Act, which passed the House by a voice vote last month. I encourage my  colleagues to once again support this measure as an amendment to H.R.  2.   I yield back the balance of my time   