 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this  bipartisan, long-term measure to reauthorize the Federal Aviation  Administration.    I want to thank Chairman Shuster, Chairman LoBiondo, and Ranking  Member DeFazio for all of the work that they have put into this bill  for nearly 5 years now.   I am pleased that we have come to a bipartisan and bicameral  agreement to raise the bar on aviation safety, improve the experience  for the traveling public, better prepare and diversify the aviation  workforce, increase the global competitiveness of U.S. aerospace  manufacturers, and pave the way for advanced drone operations in U.S.  airspace.   Many reforms included in this bill have an immediate impact and  benefits in Washington State where I am from. It is a leader in U.S.  aviation and aerospace. General aviation contributes an estimated $3.6  billion to our economy and supports more than 30,000 jobs a year.   Improving the FAA's certification processes for aircraft and other  aviation and airspace products allows U.S. manufacturers like the  smaller contractors and suppliers throughout my district to get newer  and safer products to market faster. The bill's certification reforms  will better enable U.S. aviation manufacturers to compete globally.   H.R. 302 also recognizes the importance of recruiting, training, and  developing the next generation of aviation workforce. The bill creates  a task force to develop recommendations on encouraging young people to  pursue careers in aviation maintenance, manufacturing, and engineering  through apprenticeships, as well as two new grant programs to support  pilot education and recruitment of aviation maintenance workers.   In addition, the legislation includes strong consumer protections  like establishing minimum seat dimensions, prohibiting airlines from  involuntarily bumping passengers who have cleared the gate, and  designating nursing rooms for mothers in each terminal.   I have advocated, as well, to better address the needs of passengers  with disabilities while traveling. This measure makes significant  improvements by requiring the FAA to study lavatory access for  passengers with disabilities and increases civil penalties for damaging  passengers' wheelchairs or mobility aids.   Importantly, the agreement also protects the safety of our flight  attendants by mandating 10 hours of rest for flight attendants, a  requirement that has not been updated in two decades and is long  overdue.   The bipartisan legislation lays the groundwork for the safe and swift  integration of drones into the national airspace, and advanced drone  operations like package delivery.   If the U.S. cannot accommodate the growing drone industry, Congress  has been told the innovation and economic benefits would move abroad.  This long-term FAA reauthorization ensures these jobs stay in the  United States.   Further, the bill reauthorizes the TSA. This language is particularly  important to me as, less than 2 months ago, an airline employee stole  an aircraft and engaged in an unauthorized flight, which could have had  devastating impacts in communities in northwest Washington State. To  help ensure a similar incident does not happen again, the bill requires  the TSA to work with industry to evaluate security gaps and how to make  industry improvements.   This moment has been a long time in the making. I am proud to have  worked with the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee members and  the staff on this milestone. I would like to give special thanks to my  retiring colleagues, Chairman Bill Shuster and Chairman Frank LoBiondo  for their years of service, dedication, and, most importantly, their  friendship.   The long-term FAA reauthorization bill is a strong, bipartisan effort  that will propel the aviation industry, ensure the safety of the  traveling public, and support economic growth.   