 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, over the years I have been on the Senate  floor many times bringing up the challenges of rural America, whether  it is delivering quality healthcare or investing in vital  infrastructure that supports our businesses or connecting our schools  to the 21st century. I have worked hard to make sure that rural States  like Montana have a voice in the Senate.   That is why I am so frustrated by the recent comments made by  National Trade Council Director Peter Navarro. Mr. Navarro last week  characterized the economic uncertainty that tariffs are causing to the  American farmer and rancher as nothing more than a ``rounding error.''   Mr. Navarro has an important position. He is a trade adviser, and he  is a strategist for the President of the United States. He believes the  tariffs that are harming Montana producers equate to nothing more than  a ``rounding error.'' This statement is inaccurate, it is insulting,  and it is dismissive of rural America. If Mr. Navarro truly believes  that his comments are true, he has a lot to learn about what is going  on across this country.   I am willing to bet that he hasn't been to a farm, a ranch, a  stockyard, or a grain elevator facility recently--maybe ever--and I am  sure he hasn't picked rock in North Central Montana. I don't think he  would call the administration's trade war a ``rounding error'' if he  met with Montana's homebuilders, construction workers, small business  owners, farmers, and ranchers,  [[Page S5400]]  who are being squeezed by the rise of the cost of doing business now  because of these tariffs.   I urge Mr. Navarro to leave the swamp, and come to Billings, Fort  Benton, or Dutton, MT, and get an accurate perspective of how these  tariffs are impacting family farms, ranches, and businesses across my  great State. If he or anyone else in Washington were to speak with the  folks who are most impacted by their trade policies, here is what they  will hear. In ag country, they will say: Do you know what? Our  commodity prices weren't that cherry to begin with, and now we are  seeing them drop even more. We are seeing our input costs go up.   The head of the Montana grain growers, a lady by the name of Michelle  Erickson Jones, testified recently that they didn't buy a grain bin. A  grain bin is a facility that is made out of steel that stores grain.  The costs went up on that very simple structure by 20 percent over the  last year.   Forterra, in Billings, MT, builds bridges and has seen bridge  component structures such as I-beams and rebar go up double digits just  recently. In fact, in Missoula, MT, where they are building a new  library to export information out of--a very good thing for that  community, and for any community, as far as that goes--they passed a  bond issue. Their costs went up more than $700,000 just because of the  increased cost of steel. Those are the input costs.   We have been working for generations and generations to develop  markets all around the world, as we live in a world that is getting  smaller every day, and we are losing those export markets. We are  losing certainty, and without certainty you cannot plan for the future.   Many of these agricultural farms and ranches have been in the family  for generations, as mine has been. We hope to pass it along to the next  generation, but if you create enough uncertainty, that will simply be  impossible. That is exactly what is going on in this country today.   In the 1980s, we saw family farm after family farm go broke. That  started, by the way, with a grain embargo. We will see that same  scenario being repeated today if we don't change the way we are doing  business.   So I ask: What is the endgame? I don't know that what is going on in  the White House right now gives me any sort of hope that there is an  endgame.   Here are the facts. According to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the  ongoing trade war will threaten $20 million in Montana exports alone-- just Montana exports--and, in fact, 140,000 Montana jobs. We have just  over 1 million people living in Montana, and 140,000 jobs is a lot of  jobs.   Only in Washington, DC, is a $20 million drop in Montana's exports  and the potential impact of 140,000 jobs considered a rounding error.   Just 5 days ago, after he called the impact of the tariffs a  ``rounding error,'' the administration announced that taxpayers are  going to have to pay $12 billion to offset the financial impacts of  these trade policies. Unlike drought, hail, floods, insects, or disease  and other challenges that farmers and ranchers must deal with each  year, this disaster is man-made. It is government-made. Make no  mistake, this is a self-inflicted problem, and it is a financial  problem that is a direct result of tariffs and irresponsible policy.   Now in order to try to ease the pain caused by these reckless  tariffs, the administration has decided to further rattle the  marketplace with an infusion of $12 billion of taxpayer money.    I will state that folks in production agriculture want to sell their  products, not depend upon undependable erratic payments from the  government. I never, ever met a farmer who wanted to receive their  paycheck from the government. They want to earn their paycheck. They  want to earn it from the free market. They want a free market. They  want places where they can sell their products. They want to raise the  products--and in my case and Montana's case, some of the finest  agricultural products in the world--and they want to sell them to  customers both at home and in markets around the world.   They don't want to collect cash payments from the government. That is  not why they got into business. They want to get it from the  marketplace. They want to get their living from the marketplace.   These dollars are being used as a bandaid to stop the bleeding that  is being felt by America's farmers and ranchers as a direct result of  these trade policies. This $12 billion is not going to help hold on to  any markets. It will simply be a patchwork to get through the problems  that the government--this administration--has created. It will not  provide them long-term certainty. It will not provide them the ability  to make long-term investments. It will not provide them the opportunity  to pass the farm on to their children.   It will provide temporary relief, and because of these trade  policies, that temporary relief is important, but it is far from a real  solution for the folks who give us food security and the folks who feed  the world--our family farms and ranchers.   I will just say this. I have had conversations across the State of  Montana over my tenure in the Senate. I can tell you that folks work  hard. They work hard for their money, and they expect to be given a  level playing field, but what we are seeing right now are markets that  we have worked a generation to create and to mold being given away to  other countries. We are seeing infrastructure in other countries that  is not being focused on the United States and the products we produce,  but it is being developed to do trade with other countries, in their  markets. They produce sometimes the very same products that we produce.   I was at a meeting the other night and talked about the fact that in  regards to Mexico, which buys more barley from Montana than any other  nation in the world, and Canada, our No. 1 trading partner, Mexico is  sitting down and they are negotiating and Canada isn't. It is  interesting because we have heard this before. As Mexico negotiates,  they also have signed a trade agreement with Argentina. To my  knowledge, this is the first one ever to be able to supply their people  with food. That is a market that we need.   As far as Canada goes, I have had plenty of issues with Canada--the  Canadian Government knows that--whether it is softwood lumber, grain  grading for our products going north, or whether it is issues that  revolve around the Columbia River Treaty. The fact is that this is our  best friend in the world. We need to treat them fairly and, in the  process, make sure we have markets for the people in the United States.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   