 Mr. Chairman, I have an  amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I offer this  amendment in honor of a young man called Daniel Keegan.   Daniel served in the Army's 82nd Airborne as an intelligence analyst  for 8 years. He was deployed to Afghanistan twice. In 2009, Daniel was  named Soldier of the Year of the 7th Special Forces Group at Fort  Bragg. He was a remarkable young man.   Like many of our heroes, he came home with PTSD. It took too long to  get him hooked up at the VA. There were a bunch of dropped balls. So he  began to self-medicate. He did that with drugs that he found online. He  could order the drugs right from his own couch.   Daniel lost his life in January of 2016. His mother, Stephanie, came  to my office not long after. Stephanie Keegan has now dedicated her  life to improving services at the VA and fighting the heroin and opioid  epidemic, particularly as it relates to our men and women in uniform.   Just a couple of months ago, Stephanie joined me in Hudson Valley to  announce the Stop Online Opioid Sales Act, and that is what is in this  amendment.   We started looking at this issue, and we found out that we are losing  the information battle in the fight to stop online drug sales. In fact,  we don't even know exactly how much is coming into our country, or  where it is coming from.   Earlier this year, the Senate released a report suggesting that $800  million of opioids were coming just from China alone and being sold  online. I am told that 50,000 doses of fentanyl can be fit inside a  business size envelope.   We need to get on top of this problem. These statistics are alarming.  The trend is alarming. We don't know what is happening. We need the DEA  to get in the game on this, and we need to know how much of an issue  this really is.   It is really hard to keep up with the constantly evolving tech  landscape when it comes to drug sales. But the first step in stopping  the problem is understanding the scope.   What we know is that drug addicts, right now, can conduct their  online habit without leaving their home. The drugs come in the UPS  truck, or the FedEx truck, or the U.S. mail, and they can sell drugs to  people who come to that location.   I have spoken to recovering addicts who never left their house, who  conducted, for years, an online drug business out of their own house  and fed their own habit with it.   We need to get on top of this problem. That is what is in this  amendment and what it would allow us to do. We would simply require the  DEA to compile a comprehensive report on the sale of drugs online  within a year, and then be required to continue to issue annual reports  containing this information.   Under the amendment, the reports would include the types and amounts  of controlled substances and analogues sold online, the name of each  entity and person selling them, and an estimate of the revenue being  generated through these illegal channels.   This opioid crisis has impacted folks from every State, every party,  and every walk of life, and it certainly doesn't care what party you  belong to.   Mr. Chairman, I ask all of my colleagues, on both sides of the aisle,  to join me in support of this amendment so that we can fight back  against this scourge and stop burying young American heroes like Daniel  Keegan.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the  gentleman for his support.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms.  Jackson Lee).    I thank the gentlewoman for  those comments.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   