 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, there has been a long conversation about  Yemen. Yemen is in a civil war. It has been a brutal civil war. There  have been a lot of civilians killed and a lot of damage done to the  country's interior.   Of the 30 million people who are living in Yemen, 22 million,  currently, need humanitarian assistance. We have over 8 million people  who are what is called ``at risk'' of severe starvation. It has the  largest cholera outbreak in the world right now, and its currency has  plummeted in value. We have over 2 million people inside the country  who have been internally displaced. They, literally, can't live in  their homes because the war is around their homes,  [[Page S7553]]  and they have had to flee from those spots--2 million people. It is a  terrible situation.   Yet, while this body is arguing about supporting or not supporting  the Saudis--should we be around it or should we not be around it?--our  Ambassador, the leadership of the U.N., and our U.S. military--which  this body is arguing we shouldn't engage to help--are currently putting  people at the negotiating table in Sweden. For the past week, our  military, which this body is saying shouldn't be engaged, has actually  been the prime mover in getting all of the same players to the table to  negotiate.   In just the last few hours, the Secretary General of the U.N., along  with the rebel leadership and the legitimate leadership of Yemen in the  civil war, have stepped out to make major announcements. The first  major announcement they just released within the last hour was that  they have committed to halting fighting around the seaport so that  humanitarian assistance can get in.   The Houthis have, actually, dominated the seaport and taken all of  the income from the seaport to finance their fighters. Their weapons  are coming from Iran, and their income is coming from the port because  they have taken the port over. Now the U.N. is going to run the port.  That is a dramatic shift. Revenues from the seaport will be deposited  into a central bank so that the rightful government, when this is all  resolved, will actually give the revenue back to the people of Yemen.  There will be a release in fighting--a pull-out in the major city  around the seaport there. They have agreed that they are going to have  a secondary meeting next month in order to work out the final details  to actually shut this down.   So while this body is arguing about whose side we should take--the  Iranians' or the Saudis'--and that is really what the body is arguing  about--we are, actually, actively pushing the players to the table to  resolve this.   This is the worst possible moment for this body to start arguing  about whose side we should be on. I am fully aware that the Saudis'  humanitarian history is deplorable. The whole world praises them  because they now allow women to drive. I mean, we are in that bad of a  humanitarian situation and of a human rights situation in Saudi Arabia.  I am fully aware of the murder of Khashoggi and am fully aware of what  they have done in other areas, but the Saudis have also been the only  entity to give humanitarian aid to Yemen in order to help assist this.   The United States, by far, is the largest donor to what is going on  in the humanitarian crisis in Yemen, but the civil war is not our  problem. This is a proxy fight between Saudi Arabia and Iran that is  being fought right on Saudi Arabia's southern border in Yemen. We  shouldn't take sides in this other than to stand up against Iran's  aggression as it has moved into Iraq, as Iran has moved into Syria, and  as Iran has moved into Lebanon. We don't want to see Iran dominate the  entire region and destabilize the region, but we do want to bring peace  to this region.   So what should we do in this situation?   I think we should speak with a very clear voice about the human  rights violations of Saudi Arabia and call Saudi Arabia out to be a  part of the civilized world, but I think punishing the innocent  civilian casualties in Yemen is the wrong way to do it.   We should speak out on the issue of Khashoggi, and we should speak  out on human rights in the entire region. We should stand up and ask:  What can we do to stop the fighting and protect the civilians there?  The best thing we can do is to be engaged with the Saudis but not in  selecting targets and not in refueling their jets--we have already  stopped all of that--but in being a presence there.   As Americans, we forget that most of the world does not try to  protect civilians in battles like we do. Most of the world just carpet  bombs and destroys and burns down cities. Do you want a good example of  where America is not present? Look at Syria right now and at the year  after year of barrel bombs, of chemical weapons--Americans are out; we  are not advising--and at the destruction that is happening to the  civilians.   If we want to see even more of that in Yemen, then let's back this  out entirely. If we want to give Iran the upper hand in the peace  negotiations that are happening right now, then let's tell them through  this body that we don't support the Saudis anymore but that we support  the Iranians, who started this civil war in Yemen.   The best thing we can do is to give the peace negotiations the  opportunity to finish and to go well; to support, in every way that we  can, the protection of civilians in that region; and to make sure that  we are assisting with our advice on how to protect them and how to move  forward. That is the best thing we can do--not argue about whether we  are going to pull out or not pull out or engage in Yemen or not engage.   Let me be clear. Yemen is not our fight. That civil war is not our  fight. Yet, in the ungoverned spaces of Yemen, there is a group called  al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula. They use those ungoverned spaces and  use the cover of the civil war to actively recruit worldwide. The most  aggressive part of al-Qaida that is directly pointed at the United  States in planning attacks, in orchestrating attacks, in putting out  information for lone-wolf individuals all over the world on how to  conduct attacks on airlines or in cities or in bus terminals originates  from al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula in Yemen.   So while the civil war off to the west is not our fight, though we do  want to protect civilians and get them humanitarian aid--and we are  helping with that--it is absolutely our fight to take it to al-Qaida in  the Arabian Peninsula. Hadi, the rightful leader of Yemen, has given us  the authority to take the fight to the terrorists there in his own  country because he doesn't want al-Qaida in his country either.   As long as we are working with Hadi as the rightful leader--he is  giving us the go-head to fight against al-Qaida in the Arabian  Peninsula, and we should for our own security.   So I understand the politics of this, and I understand the messaging  saying that we shouldn't have all of these things and painting this  picture of us pulling out of Yemen for humanitarian reasons. But the  fact is, the humanitarian assistance is going in because we are there.  The fact is, we are helping reduce civilian casualties in that area,  not increasing them. The fact is, the terrorist group al-Qaida in the  Arabian Peninsula--the most aggressive group against us from al-Qaida-- lives right there in Yemen, and we should be able to take the fight to  them before they bring it to us again.   These are difficult issues. There is no simple solution to any of  these, and I get that. It is a very messy civil war. But the last thing  we should do is just pretend our disengagement protects civilians. It  does not.   I have a unanimous consent request that is coming up that is  currently in conversation to try to figure how out to bring it to the  floor. I see there are some other speakers here on the floor who are  ready to speak. I would like to yield the floor to others who want to  speak and then speak again in a moment on a unanimous consent request.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 698, H.R. 2606.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Lankford amendment at the desk be agreed to, and the bill, as amended,  be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 685, S. 2599.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  committee-reported amendments be agreed to, and the bill, as amended,  be considered read a third time.    Mr. President, I know of no other debate on the bill,  as amended.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 699, H.R. 4032.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time.    I know of no further debate on the bill.    I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Indian  Affairs Committee be discharged from further consideration and that the  Senate now proceed to S. Res. 707.    I know of no further debate on the measure.    I ask unanimous consent that the preamble be agreed to  and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table with no intervening action or debate.   