 Mr. President, I come to the floor to share my deep  concern over the Trump administration's approach to North Korea.   I thank the Senator from New Jersey, the leader of the Democrats on  the Foreign Relations Committee, for asking the Members to come out  here to speak to the Trump administration's foreign policy.   North Korea is a serious and ever-worsening threat to its people, to  our allies and partners in the region, and to the United States.  Unfortunately, the Trump administration has mismanaged our North Korea  policy, and the potential consequences of failure are too great to  ignore. North Korea may have bent over backward to appear conciliatory  during the Winter Olympics and through its offers of talks with South  Korea and the United States, but Kim Jong Un has not stopped his  dangerous activities--far from it. While the North Korean regime is all  smiles and open arms, its malign behavior continues.   Its engineers race to perfect a nuclear-tipped intercontinental  ballistic missile. North Korean laborers around the world--modern-day  indentured servants--send paychecks home to the regime to help fund its  illicit military programs. Illegal ship-to-ship transfers of refined  petroleum products continue. North Korea's army of cyber warriors grows  more capable, and the Kim regime's thugs make no efforts to scale back  rampant human rights abuses.   However, President Trump's approach to date threatens to make an  already bad situation even worse. Despite his recent announcement that  he would accept a meeting with Kim Jong Un, President Trump has  systematically undermined the effectiveness of the very agency--the  U.S. Department of State--he will need to make talks successful. By so  doing, he has harmed U.S. foreign policy right as the United States is  poised to embark on a crucial diplomatic effort with North Korea.   By firing Rex Tillerson, President Trump threw the State Department  further into chaos when what we need right now is more consistency.  This is indicative of a President who considers himself to be his own  diplomat, negotiator, and strategist. Yet the gutting of the State  Department goes much deeper. It has been badly depleted of both staff  and resources by the Trump administration and is consistently ignored  in the opaque process the White House is using to try to conduct  American foreign policy.   President Trump has stifled dissent, ignored experience, politicized  key diplomatic and national security agencies. The Special  Representative for North Korea Policy, Ambassador Joseph Yun--the lead  American negotiator with North Korea--has stepped down. One wonders  whether he felt his advice was being heeded. We still don't have a U.S.  Ambassador to South Korea more than a year into the Trump  administration. We still don't have a confirmed Assistant Secretary for  East Asian and Pacific Affairs. We still don't have a special envoy for  North Korean human rights issues. We no longer have a sanctions  coordinator.  [[Page S1823]]    Going into talks at the senior-most level with a hollowed-out State  Department is no way to peacefully resolve a crisis. To the contrary,  it exposes us to greater risk, and as if these vacancies were not  enough, it gets worse.   The Trump administration's recently released budget request for  fiscal year 2019 would drastically cut State Department funding. The  State Department is already alarmingly underresourced and understaffed  to handle the significant and increasing threats from North Korea. Yet  there is no explanation as to why the President believes it is prudent  to cut diplomatic resources, especially in the middle of a crisis.   We deserve an answer as to why the administration believes the State  Department deserves fewer resources while trying to execute a wide- ranging strategy of diplomatic engagement and pressure. All the while,  the White House is subjecting our allies and partners to contradictory  statements that cause confusion and dampen the prospects of a peaceful  solution.   We hear different thoughts on different days. Before firing him,  President Trump routinely undercut Secretary Tillerson and, with it,  our diplomatic high ground. Confusing our allies in South Korea and  Japan, whose assistance in helping resolve the North Korean crisis is  indispensable, only serves to embolden Kim Jong Un, who seeks to drive  a wedge between the United States and our allies.   We cannot afford to fail. I am concerned that if these talks do not  go well, President Trump will be able to claim he tried both economic  pressure and diplomacy, with neither path having solved the problem. He  will be left with the conclusion that the only approach remaining will  be military force. We must be clear. There is no military solution to  the North Korea crisis.   Today marks the 15th anniversary of the U.S. invasion of Iraq.  Although the current situation we face with North Korea is not  identical to the one we faced in the runup to the Iraq war in 2003, the  North Korea situation is, in fact, worse, and the consequences are even  more severe. Unlike Iraq, North Korea has nearly completed the  development of long-range nuclear-armed missiles that will be capable  of creating nuclear mushroom clouds in our cities.   We all agree we need to act to ensure that this never happens. The  only responsible course of action is for the administration to use all  tools of American statecraft to reduce the threats from North Korea. We  have an obligation to American families, servicemembers, and our allies  to say, unequivocally, that we did everything in our power without  resorting to armed conflict.   Let's return the United States of America to the forefront of  statecraft and allow for our diplomats to advance our interests without  having to risk a frivolous loss of life. That is what is at stake as  the President moves further away from using the kinds of tools which  are available that can try to peacefully resolve this conflict with  North Korea.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   