 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, it has been almost 6 months since  Hurricane Irma struck Florida. It has been about a month since we  passed the most recent disaster supplemental appropriations bill, which  finally included the money for Florida's fisheries, citrus growers, and  communities across the State that we have been fighting for since day  one, since the storm passed.   Today, I spoke to the Secretary of Commerce, Wilbur Ross, and I asked  him to immediately release this critical funding to help the people of  our State. Florida's fishermen are still waiting for their help too.  [[Page S1331]]    Hurricane Irma caused extensive damage to vessels, facilities, docks,  equipment, and gear, especially in the Keys. Many in the spiny lobster  industry lost all of their traps. The disaster supplemental  appropriations gave NOAA $200 million for Federal fishery disasters  like the one that Secretary Ross declared for Florida. Where is the  money?   Let's talk about the broader impact to the oceans. Did you know that  Florida's coral reef tract is the third largest barrier reef in the  world? It is a reef that starts south of Key West and goes all the way  up the coast, almost all the way to Fort Pierce. The coral supports the  spiny lobsters and the stone crabs, which are served in restaurants  around the country. This industry is important to Florida's economy.   Hurricane Irma tossed all manner of debris around. Monroe County has  already spent almost $20 million to remove over 2 million cubic yards  of waste--roofs, appliances, bicycles, trailer homes, and boats. The  debris was also swept into the water, which is threatening the corals,  and into the canals, where it blocks transportation.   I want you to take a look at this picture. This is one of the canals  in the Keys. Look at what is sitting in the canal--a whole mobile home  that was lifted up from the mobile home park on this side of the canal.  There it is, in the water.   Take a look at this. Do you see what is in the canal? Do you see out  here? That is the ocean. This canal is coming right in. What happens is  that eventually some of the debris goes into the Atlantic. It gets near  the reef. Some of it submerges. The wave action is sending it back and  forth.   You can imagine any one of those pieces of debris knocking constantly  into delicate coral that is already diseased, that is already  overheated because the rising temperature of the water. You can imagine  what is happening. Whether it is a mobile home sitting in the canal or  whether it is all of this junk that is sitting in the canal and that  eventually goes out, this is what we need help with.   It has been over a month since we passed the disaster supplemental  appropriations bill. Why isn't the money flowing? That is what I called  the Secretary of Commerce about this morning. I told him: Mr.  Secretary, my request is very, very simple. Just get the money out. The  money is appropriated. It is there.   I said: Mr. Secretary, will you please crack the whip on NOAA so that  you can get this money out and we can get this place cleaned up, as  well as protect those coral reefs from the damage they have already  undergone?   Then I said: What happened in this storm is, whether for lobster or  stone crab, the traps were all swept away. The poor fishermen don't  have any traps. They need help too. That is what this disaster  appropriations bill is for. Mr. Secretary, you have to crack the whip  to get them going.   Unfortunately, this is not the only issue we are facing. Florida's  citrus industry suffered over $760 million in losses from the storm.  Why? Because the trees were full of fruit that was going to be picked  within just a few weeks. Along came the storm; the winds were severe.  In Southwest Florida, some of the citrus crops were 100 percent lost.  In fact, the winds were so high that they ended up uprooting citrus  trees. Further north, in Central Florida, the groves there lost 50 to  60 percent of their crops.   The citrus industry cannot survive those kinds of losses, and that is  why we have a disaster appropriations bill. There were losses of over  $760 million from the storm. The rest of Florida's agriculture took a  big hit, too, with an estimated $2.5 billion in total damages.   In February, we finally came through with $3.8 billion for the U.S.  Department of Agriculture. Of that money, $2.6 billion was supposed to  go directly to farmers and ranchers. It is March, and those folks  haven't seen a dime.   After I talked to the Secretary of Commerce, Wilbur Ross, I put in a  call to the Secretary of Agriculture. I have called several times  today. I have yet to connect with him. If any of his staff are  listening, there is a bottleneck at the USDA that is preventing this  money from going to the families who desperately need it. I will  continue to call Secretary Perdue to ask him to do what I asked  Secretary Wilbur Ross to do: Crack the whip on his organization to get  the money flowing. That is why we passed supplemental emergency  appropriations. Now the Federal agencies need to get the money out the  door.   This is so frustrating because the administration knew that Congress  was discussing a disaster supplemental bill when Hurricane Harvey hit  Texas in August. Then Irma hit, and then Maria hit.   Six months later, most of the Federal agencies are just starting to  dust off their pencils and figure out how they are going to allocate  the funding. What is wrong with you? People are hurting. They are going  bankrupt. You have to get that money out.   Can you imagine how you would feel if your family's entire citrus  crop had been wiped out and you had been holding your breath waiting  for disaster assistance funding, which finally came over a month ago,  and then you were told by the folks at the USDA that you were going to  have to wait for several more months until USDA figures out how to get  you the money? It is no wonder that people are fed up with bureaucracy.   Additionally, many of our cities and counties have yet to see any  reimbursements from FEMA for Hurricane Irma. In fact, many have yet to  be fully reimbursed for Hurricane Matthew, which struck almost 2 years  ago. Unbelievably, all those counties that were devastated had paid for  the debris removal. The State of Florida missed the deadline--didn't  turn it in on time. Of course, what we had to do to cover the State of  Florida's mistake was to plead with FEMA: Forget the mistake; it is the  local counties and cities that need the money.   Not getting the money out is totally unacceptable. While we are still  waiting for reimbursements from these storms, how can we expect these  local governments to prepare for the 2018 hurricane season that will  start in just a few months, right around the corner?   Let me say it again. This is unacceptable for the slow-walking--the  foot-dragging--that is going on in getting the money out the door. I am  going to keep pounding on this until the folks in Florida start getting  the help they need and deserve.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, since I see no other Senator who seeks  recognition, I thought I would take the occasion to bring the Senate up  to date on what is happening down in Florida in the aftermath of 17  people being gunned down at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.   As we know, we have seen those students speak out with a boldness and  clarity that is rarely seen, and they are not being intimidated at all  as to what needs to be done. As a matter of fact, in the aftermath of  the shooting--and while some of the funerals have still been going on-- since our Florida State Legislature is in session, over the course of 2  weeks, the students have gone to the capital city of Tallahassee and  have held individual meetings with State legislators. They have held a  rally outside of the capital and insisted that maybe--just maybe--this  might be a time that the State legislature should confront this issue  head-on: that, in fact, there was something to the fact that a weapon  that was originally developed for the military, an AR-15--the  semiautomatic version of a military weapon--could do such damage and  quickly go about killing so many people. It was 17 in the case of the  high school.   Just 2 years earlier, it was 49 people in Orlando at the Pulse  nightclub. In between, we saw several mass killings with high-powered,  military-style assault rifles in Texas, as well as 59 people being  gunned down in Las Vegas.   Last week, I talked about the assault weapon, and I have since had,  over the weekend, constituents in Florida ask me to come back and speak  on the floor of the Senate about the difference in the damage--the  mayhem, the carnage, the slaughter--that occurs as a result of an  assault rifle as compared to a handgun. You don't have to take it from  this Senator. You can talk to the trauma surgeons. You can talk to the  radiologist in the trauma center. As a matter of fact, several articles  in the past week have been written in various publications in Florida  and in the national press, along with there being  [[Page S1332]]  photographs to show the difference. Let me paraphrase the words of one  of the trauma surgeons in Broward County who attended to some of the  victims.   He cited that on any normal night, particularly on a weekend, they  have to treat gunshots. If that gunshot is from a handgun--say, a .22  pistol or, say, a .9 millimeter pistol--the bullet will enter the  victim, and unless that bullet goes to a critical organ, such as the  heart or, for example, to the blood supply going into the liver, that  bullet will continue through. If it comes out the other side, it will  come out with a hole that is the same size as when it penetrated the  body in the first place. It is not so with a bullet from an assault  rifle because those weapons, which are developed for the military, are  clearly for killing.   The bullet, first of all, comes out at three times the speed--three  times the velocity. Therefore, when it hits its target, it hits with  three times the energy. Often, the bullet is designed so that when it  hits the target, it will tumble and just tear through and destroy any  flesh in its path, including bone and organs.   The trauma center's radiologist explains that if a handgun's bullet,  such as a .9 millimeter, goes through the liver, they can usually save  the patient's life. They point out that of almost all handgun wounds,  they can save the life unless the bullet hits a major artery or organ,  like the heart, or a major blood supply. It is not so with the bullet  from an assault weapon. The bullet enters at three times the velocity,  with three times the energy. It starts tumbling, ripping away flesh. If  it goes, for example, to a kidney or to the liver, it pulverizes that  organ and comes out the other side of the victim with a hole as large  as an orange.   That is the difference between a handgun wound and a wound from a  high-velocity assault rifle, whether it is a semiautomatic or whether  it is an automatic. It was made automatic, with what we saw in Las  Vegas, with the bump stocks. He made a semiautomatic, which was legal  to purchase, into an automatic rifle. It is because of that carnage  that one has to ask oneself: Would any American citizen want to have  those kinds of assault rifles loose on the streets for people who want  to use them for dastardly purposes? I think the answer is no.   This Senator grew up on a ranch. I have hunted all of my life. I  still hunt with my son, but an AR-15 is not for hunting; it is for  killing. It is an understanding of the difference of these weapons that  is causing the American people to gradually understand that these kinds  of weapons have no place on the streets of America.   One can imagine the SWAT team. Had they been there while the shooter  had still been inside and had they entered that school and tried to  find the killer and known that what they were going to come up against  was an AR-15 instead of a handgun, that would have been a terrible  thing. One can imagine, if there had happened to be an armed guard with  a pistol and he had gone after the shooter but the shooter had had an  AR-15, that would not have been a fair firefight. With a pistol against  an AR-15, one can imagine who is going to win that fight.   These are the questions that the American people need to have  answered as we go through these discussions about what to do. Thus,  when these students all gather in Washington and in 100 cities around  this country on March 24--a Saturday--and start marching in untold  numbers, they are going to be asking: Isn't enough enough? Haven't we  come to the point at which we ought to reexamine that the Second  Amendment protects the right to bear arms but if these are the arms we  want borne on our streets   I yield the floor.   