 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the  rule. I want to speak specifically on my support for H.R. 6082, which  allows for the flow of information among healthcare providers and  health plans that is necessary to foster care coordination, provide  proper treatment, promote patient safety, make payment, and,  ultimately, improve the individual's health status.   Without alignment for treatment, payment, and operations, the  following could not happen without an authorization: Coordinating care  across behavioral and medical services. Case management to provide  longer-term support after a patient ends treatment. Ensuring  appropriate administrative and financial interaction between providers  and plans, which support the core functions of treatment and payment  for HIPAA-covered entities. Also conducting quality assessment and  improvement activities to better integrate behavioral and medical  services. This includes, Mr. Speaker, evaluating provider performance,  conducting training programs, and accreditation, certification, and  credentialing activities.   People with substance use disorder die, on average, decades sooner  than other Americans. This is largely because of a strikingly high  incidence of poorly-managed, co-occurring chronic diseases, including  HIV/AIDS, cardiac conditions, lung disease, and cirrhosis.   Whatever we, as a Nation, are doing to coordinate care for this  highly vulnerable patient population is utterly failing by any  reasonable measure.   An extraordinary array of organizations, hospitals, physicians,  patient advocates, and substance use treatment providers have  approached our committee to clearly state that existing Federal  addiction privacy law--and that is what H.R. 6082 is focused on,  existing privacy law--is actively interfering with case management/care  coordination efforts, and preserving a failed and deadly status quo.   Blocking certain substance use providers from accessing health  records from these exchanges, which the part 2 regulations do, isolates  patients in these programs from powerful exchanges of health  information and from the protections of HIPAA and HITECH regulations  governing these exchanges.   Mr. Speaker, treating patients' substance use in isolation from their  medical and mental conditions, which predominated care in the 1970s, is  not the current standard of good medical practice today.    There is overwhelming evidence now that patients' substance use  cannot be treated in isolation from other physical and mental health  conditions. In the 1970s, when part 2 was written, this was not widely  known, and treatment for addiction was largely separate from treatment  of other illnesses.   By continuing to segregate substance use disorder records for any  treatment setting means that you are willing to allow those patients to  receive care that is lower quality at a higher cost. Medically-ill  inpatients who have alcohol or drug disorders are at greatly increased  risk of rapid rehospitalization after discharge and greater healthcare  use and costs.   Patients who have medical illnesses such as diabetes or  cardiovascular disorders and who also have a substance use disorder use  healthcare services two to three times more often than their peers with  just diabetes or heart problems, and cost of care is similarly much  higher.    Finally, Mr. Speaker, untreated alcohol  or drug use during pregnancy dramatically increases risk of poor birth  outcomes, neonatal intensive care use and greater infant and maternal  healthcare use. But treated as part of prenatal care, birth outcomes,  infant and maternal health use and costs are no different from their  non-substance-using peers. That is why support of this rule and support  of H.R. 6082 is so important.   