 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr.  Hill) for giving me this opportunity to pay my tribute to Senator John  McCain.   John McCain was clearly an American hero. His love and patriotism for  our country knew no bounds. I first met Senator McCain in 2006 when we  were on a congressional trip to Antarctica. We spent 6 days together,  exploring the science and the efforts that were going on with NASA and  with our Defense Department and American universities that were doing  valuable research.   I got to witness firsthand his self-deprecating sense of humor. Like  he did with many Members and people with whom he came into contact, he  gave me counsel. During those days we spent together he said: Hey, kid,  if you really want to learn how to do this right--well, first of all, I  liked the fact that he called me kid--you ought to listen carefully.  Too many people around here don't spend enough time listening.   For me, and for so many other Members and people professionally that  Senator McCain came into contact with, he was a role model on how we  should conduct ourselves, not only as Representatives, but also as  people who want to solve problems. He, clearly, I think, set the bar  quite high on how we develop bipartisan compromises.   I gave a speech here last year about what has happened to the art of  the political compromise. Has it become a lost art? Well, Senator John  McCain had fine-tuned his skills, his efforts to reach across the  aisle, to figure out ways in which you could bring people together to  find that art of the political compromise.   So his greatness, really, is one that reflects the true values of  Americans. For all of us, I think he instilled the nature of--as we  know in our country, historically, there is the politics of hope and  there is the politics of hate. Many individuals have been successful at  practicing both types of politics in their careers.    But Senator McCain's success was the politics of hope, the politics  of love, love of country and love of his fellow Americans. It carried  him through the trials and difficulties that life brings one's way,  both in his service to  [[Page H7917]]  his country in the United States Navy and as a prisoner of war.   When he had the opportunity because of his status to leave the Hanoi  Hilton early, he made it very clear he would not until every American  prisoner of war left, and he suffered great torture as a result of  that.   The lessons in life that Senator John McCain learned were lessons  that he tried to teach to all of us in his conduct as a public servant,  in which he put public service among the highest levels of contribution  that one can make to their country.   So not only was he a role model for all of us, for Americans, but  throughout the world. When we traveled in the Middle East, in Europe,  my Congressman colleague, Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart, and I, who  worked closely with our European colleagues, John McCain was sought  after for advice, for understanding the body politic, what was  happening in America, and how we could better work together with our  European allies, and the values that we hold most dear, the values of  human rights, the values of freedom of speech, the values of ensuring  that we protect our democratic institutions.   Senator John McCain really reflected the best that America has to  offer, which is why he was so well respected around the world. When you  went to countries in which you had autocrats and dictators and you had  issues of human rights, he was always sought after by those who were  oppressed, because there was, clearly, a sense of empathy that they  understood that he had for them.   So as I close, let me say that the tributes that we pay to him are  small in comparison to what he gave to our country. The book that  President John F. Kennedy wrote, ``Profiles in Courage,'' if there were  to be a second book in the 21st century, clearly, Senator John McCain  would be one of those individuals who, throughout his career,  exemplified what it means to have profiles in courage in his conduct,  in his daily life, in the practice of the politics that he led through  example, which are lessons for all of us to learn.   Senator John McCain, a grateful Nation can never, ever say thank you  enough for all that you did and all that you gave. God bless you.   