 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the House has passed this bill before, making  clarifications on the existing religious exemptions for healthcare. I  understand that religious groups have important healthcare concerns  that must be taken seriously.   I support this bill. But we should be talking about issues in  healthcare that our constituents are bringing up to us every day, like  skyrocketing prescription drug costs, increasing premium costs, and  threats to guaranteed coverage for preexisting conditions, a direct  result of efforts by my Republican colleagues.   The Trump administration continues to raise costs and reduce access  to affordable healthcare in its never-ending effort to sabotage the  Affordable Care Act.   In just the last few weeks, the administration has refused to defend  protections for Americans with preexisting conditions, stopped risk  adjustment payments to health plans covering sicker patients, and again  slashed payments to the navigators that help people access healthcare  insurance. These and many other misguided efforts are raising the costs  for those Americans who need healthcare coverage the most.   We should be examining and responding to this growing threat to  affordable care, not ignoring it.   I encourage my Republican colleagues to bring to the floor bills that  truly address the healthcare cost crisis that middle class Americans  and seniors are facing. After all, that was their promise to our  constituents.   In 2015, the President promised:   We're going to terminate ObamaCare. We're going to terminate it, it's  going to be terminated. It's going to be replaced with something much  better and something much less expensive for you and for the country.   Republicans and the President have failed to present the public with  a better plan, and they have failed to drive down the cost to patients.   As a matter of fact, their work has driven costs up. The cumulative  ACA sabotage by the Republican Congress and the administration are  adding as much as 24 percent of healthcare premium increases in my home  State of California.   Now they should work with us to strengthen and protect existing  programs so that our constituents can go to the doctor when they need  to or get surgery or a drug that their lives depend on. As Members of  Congress, this is our responsibility.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.  [[Page H7109]]    I just want to mention that my friend and committee member was half  right in what he said about tomorrow's vote. We will be voting on some  healthcare bills tomorrow, and they are bills that will help. But they  will help people that either have the money to pay for healthcare or  people who are healthy, not the folks who need access to quality,  affordable healthcare.   I would be remiss if I didn't point out that, contrary to this  party's position for decades, these bills aren't paid for, and they are  going to add about $70 billion worth of costs to our national debt.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. Does  the gentleman from Illinois have further speakers?    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I  yield myself the balance of my time, and I thank the sponsors for their  work on this bill. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support this bill.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the House has passed this bill before. It allows  individuals eligible for Indian Health Service, or IHS, to participate  in a health savings account if they are enrolled in a high-deductible  health plan.   I support this bill. We should be talking about issues in healthcare  that strengthen our healthcare system for all Americans while  addressing the issues in the Indian Health Service program, and there  should be no exception to that today.   Given the important role IHS plays providing primary care to our  Native American population, we should be working to ensure that all  participants in IHS have access to high-quality care. Reports of  underfunding and resulting substandard care need to be addressed, so we  make sure that all individuals that this healthcare program serves  benefit from the congressional action that we take, not just those who  happen to have the money to put in an HSA, to pay for an HSA.   We shouldn't overlook the important role Medicare and Medicaid play  in providing healthcare to these populations. Thousands of IHS  beneficiaries are also enrolled in Medicare, Medicaid, or some  combination of both.   Republicans are looking to dramatically cut and undermine these  critical programs. Offering IHS enrollees a savings account won't make  up for damage inflicted by the cuts to Medicaid or Medicare.   Instead, we should strengthen both of these programs and coordinate  care with IHS to make sure individuals are getting the best care  possible.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance  of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the sponsors of this bill, and I want to give a  particular shout-out to Congressman Raul Ruiz, also Dr. Ruiz when he is  not in Congress, for his cosponsorship of this bill and all the hard  work that he has put into this effort.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to cast  an ``aye'' vote for this measure, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time  as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the bill before us will allow certain entities to retain  their tax exemption so long as they are generally reinvesting that  revenue in operations and maintenance, including capital projects.   As a farmer from California, I know well how critical water  infrastructure improvements are to small irrigation districts. This  change will help irrigation districts continue to invest in drought- resilient projects instead of relying on rate increases.   In States like mine, both drought-stricken and reliant on irrigation  districts for water deliveries, infrastructure investment is a critical  tool to help us prepare for future droughts. But we must also ensure  that Federal policy changes do not create unintended consequences for  water users.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Representative Buck and Chairman Brady  for working with me to include guardrails in this bill that will  eliminate financial incentives to transfer water among regions in a way  that disadvantages agricultural enterprise, impairs water quality, or  causes environmental harm. This protection against potential for abuse  resulting from the policy changes in H.R. 519 should prevent undue harm  to my northern California constituents.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and  I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the sponsors of this bill, in particular  Congressman Buck for his good work working with me to ensure that we  were able to take care of some concerns that we had in the original  drafting of the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote  for this piece of legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.   