 Thank you, Mr. President.   It is Congress's obligation to protect the public from abusive  practices that harm consumers and dull the competitive process.  Regrettably, Congress has failed to fulfill that obligation with the  FAA reauthorization bill.   With this bill, Congress has missed a historic, once-in-a-generation  opportunity to stop gargantuan airlines from gouging Americans with  exorbitant fees. Last year, Senator Roger Wicker, a Republican from  Mississippi, and I secured a provision in the Senate FAA  reauthorization bill that would protect passengers from ridiculous,  sky-high airline fees. Our FAIR Fees--Forbidding Airlines from Imposing  Ridiculous Fees--provision directed the Department of Transportation  to, No. 1, assess whether change and cancellation, baggage, and other  fees are reasonable and proportional to the costs of the services which  are being provided, and secondly, to ensure that change and  cancellation fees are reasonable.   Airline fees would be fair and reasonable--that is all the provision  did. The reason we need that is simple. In a truly competitive  industry, an airline would be unable to charge unreasonable fees  because their competitors would undercut their prices. Darwinian,  paranoia-inducing competition would drive down fees to reflect the  actual costs of the services provided--the cost to check a bag, the  cost to change a flight reservation, the cost of booking a passenger on  standby for an earlier flight. Fair and reasonable. But the airline  industry is far from competitive. In the past 10 years, we have gone  from 10 major airlines down to 4. Four airlines now control 85 percent  of traffic in the skies. An analysis from the U.S. Travel Association  found that 74 airports are served by only 1 airline, while 155 airports  are dominated by 1 carrier controlling over 50 percent of seat  capacity. Here is the result: sky-high airline fees and a growing  frustration with the modern flying experience.   To the surprise of no one, the airline industry launched a ferocious  lobbying blitz against our bipartisan FAIR Fees provision, making its  elimination from the bill their top priority. The airline industry  lobbed all sorts of false accusations against these commonsense  protections--profitability of the airlines would go down, passengers  would no longer be able to change or cancel their flights--but not once  did the industry actually defend the price of all of these fees to  cancel or to change a flight. Not once did the industry actually  demonstrate that their fees are reasonable and proportional to the cost  of the services provided. That is because those costs are not  proportional to the services being provided to the customer by the  airlines.   The independent Government Accountability Office, GAO, recently  released a report confirming what countless passengers across the  country already know to be true: Airlines are gouging captive  passengers to line their pockets, not to cover the actual costs of the  services being provided. During a hearing last year, representatives  from United Airlines and American Airlines testified that their change  and cancellation fees bear no resemblance to the costs borne by the  airline for actually canceling a ticket or changing a flight  reservation.   Even in the past few weeks, as we worked in Congress to include  important consumer protection measures in this final FAA legislation,  the airlines continued to raise fees. That is how confident the  airlines were that their powerful industry lobbyists would remove my  provision and Senator Wicker's provision from the bill. Despite  bipartisan support, despite the provisions included in the Senate bill,  and despite the public outcry, the airline lobby knew that they could  count on Congress to do their bidding, so they raised their fees  anyway.   Last month, JetBlue Airways changed its cancellation fees from $150  to $200 for certain flights. JetBlue also raised fees for a passenger's  first checked bag from $25 to $30 and increased the fees for a second  checked bag from $35 to $40. That is $140 to check two bags roundtrip.  Not surprisingly, almost immediately after, United Airlines, Delta  Airlines, and American Airlines followed suit, raising their bag fees  to match JetBlue's.   When I sent letters to the 11 major airlines inquiring as to why  airline fees are on the rise even though there appears to be no  appreciable increase in the cost of services provided, the airlines'  response was predictable.   Eight airlines had refused to respond to my inquiry by last  Thursday's deadline--a deadline I set to ensure that this body would  have this critical information in hand when considering the FAA bill.  There has been no response from United, American, and Delta. That is  unacceptable. Of the three airlines that did respond, two could not  explain whether their fees were reasonable to the costs of the services  provided. The other refused to address the matter altogether, claiming  that this information is ``proprietary,'' claiming that the flying  public does not have the right to know if they are being gouged. That  is the airline industry's position.   If it is not to cover the cost of the services provided--checking a  bag, changing a flight reservation, canceling a ticket--why are the  airlines charging these fees? The answer is, because they can. Last  year, the airlines raked in $2.9 billion in change and cancellation  fees. That is equivalent to the cost of 11 million flights from  Washington to Boston. The airlines collected over $4.5 billion in  checked bag fees, which is enough to buy 55 jumbo jets. The airlines  have turned this nickel-and-diming into a multibillion-dollar  industry--a $7.4 billion industry last year. Passengers think they are  buying low-cost airfare, only to be gouged by proliferating airline  fees.   The American public wants Congress to stop these abusive practices,  and here in the Senate, we answered their call. We secured a bipartisan  provision in the Senate FAA bill that would have stopped this fee  epidemic once and for all. But through an opaque process and after  months of lobbying against my bipartisan FAIR Fees provision, the  airlines won and airline passengers lost.   What exactly are the airlines so afraid of? Why won't they even  respond to my letters? The FAIR Fees provision doesn't set fees; it  only directs the Department of Transportation to set up a public  process to assess those fees. But that is exactly what the airlines  oppose. They don't want to have to explain this, to be transparent  about what they are doing, because if they did, the American people  would know the truth--this is price-gouging in its purest form.   On behalf of the American flying public, the millions of Americans  who are subjected to ridiculous airline fees, I will vote no on the FAA  bill. And I vow to the public that this fight will not die with this  bill. As the fees rise, pressure will mount on Congress to address this  consumer protection, competition issue. We know the problem. FAIR Fees  would have been the solution, but this bill does not include that  solution, and this fight must go on.   I yield the floor.   