 Mr. President, we had a very special day in the Capitol  this afternoon, and I am grateful that we as a nation were able to  honor Senator Robert Dole by presenting him with the Congressional Gold  Medal. It is the highest civilian honor the United States can bestow.   Senator Dole joins a list of very esteemed Americans going back to  1776, with President George Washington as the first recipient of this  award. The Gold Medal shows our highest expression of national  appreciation for distinguished achievements and contributions, and  Senator Dole is such a deserving recipient of this award. It was a real  honor and pleasure for me to be there to see this take place.   Senator Dole is known, obviously, as a former Member of the Senate, a  majority leader, and a Presidential candidate, but I would put at the  top of my list of the attributes that I admire and respect Senator  Dole's service in our military.   Senator Dole joined the Army shortly after the attack on Pearl  Harbor. He was 21 years old and left Russell, KS, and ended up on a  battlefield in the hills and mountains of Italy. He suffered for 9  hours after being hit by a Nazi bullet that did tremendous damage to  his body and to his life. But that wasn't the end, as it could be for  some people--even if people continued to live after these traumatic  injuries. This was a recovery process that began that day for Senator  Dole.   I once heard a story about Bob Dole's commitment to our country, and  it stuck with me. There are lots of Dole stories, particularly in  Kansas. Bob Dole used his injuries to learn about caring--not for  himself but for others. His service in World War II--again, what I  greatly admire and esteem--also resulted in his effort to raise money,  with no taxpayer dollars involved, to build the World War II Memorial  that is now on the National Mall. Senator Dole took that task on and  made certain that happened for his soldiers and fellow colleagues who  served in World War II. He went out and raised money across the  country. He was out in Hollywood, CA, and he was visiting with one of  those people who have lots of money. Senator Dole asked for that  person's support for this project, and he was told by that wealthy  person that he was not interested. ``I have other priorities.'' Senator  Dole responded to that mogul: ``When I was 22, I had other priorities,  too. I went to war.'' That is the Bob Dole who every day since then has  gone to battle on behalf of Americans, other Kansans, and people across  our country.   His service in many ways began with his military service but has  continued every day since his days in the 10th Mountain Division.  During his nearly 36 years on Capitol Hill, Senator Dole became known  as the leader who worked relentlessly to forge alliances and to pass  significant legislation. Today, he serves as a role model for those of  us involved in this legislative process. We ought to be fully engaged  in the kind of public service that Senator Dole represented. Senator  Dole has used his experiences to be a champion every day for those  individuals with disabilities and for veterans.   Coming from Kansas, he had an appreciation for those who were in need  of food. Senator Dole grew up in the Depression and knew tough times,  but it became a goal for him to see that people who were hungry were  fed. It is one of the reasons I continue to chair and work in the  Senate Hunger Caucus. Kansas is a place where we raise a lot of food  but recognize there are a lot of people who are still hungry. We have a  role that we can play, and Senator Dole provided the leadership to  accomplish that.   I now occupy this desk. It is kind of an amazing development, but  this is the desk that Senator Dole had on the Senate floor during his  time here, and this desk allows me to be reminded of the type of public  service that too often we think is a thing of the past. It doesn't have  to be a thing of the past; it could be a thing of the present. And each  of us can use that role model to make certain that in our day, we do  the things necessary to bring people together and to find solutions to  common problems.   There probably is no one living from Kansas more admired and  respected than Senator Bob Dole. For three decades, he was our  Congressman and our Senator.   He grew up just down the road in Russell, KS, just a few miles from  my hometown. I have seen what continues today to be the love and  respect of Kansans--particularly those from small towns and  particularly those from his hometown of Russell--and their regard for  him. We ought to work every day to honor his legacy.   I think there is something about growing up in smalltown America.  There are differences of opinions in small towns. There are Republicans  and Democrats in communities across Kansas, and there are people who go  to this church and that church, but when you are in a small town, you  have no choice but to figure out how to get along and how to solve  problems and how to work together. Bob Dole brought that Kansas common  sense and good will and desire to have achievements instead of a fight  to the U.S. Senate.   I honor Senator Dole for his military service and for his public  service as an elected official of our government. I thank him for his  efforts on behalf of veterans, on behalf of people with disabilities,  and on behalf of people who are hungry.   I ask my colleagues, in honoring Senator Dole by presenting him a  medal today, that that is not all we do; that we honor his work by  doing ours better.   I have been with Senator Dole at the World War II Memorial. When  Honor Flights come to Washington, DC, he is there. He is there almost  every time a Kansas group comes to the World War II Memorial, but he is  there when almost any group of World War II veterans come to visit the  World War II Memorial. I have watched the way they respond to him, and  the mutual respect between him and fellow veterans is inspiring and  unparalleled.   I am a firm believer that we change the world one person at a time  and one soul at a time, and Bob Dole has been making that difference-- changing lives for 94 years.   Thank you, Senator Dole, for your distinguished service to our  country and especially to our home State of Kansas. The world is a  better place because you are in it, and we hope you take great  satisfaction by knowing that your colleagues in Congress today honor  you with the Congressional Gold Medal because it reflects the truth of  what a high-quality person of character you are.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   