 Mr. President, before we vote this morning, I want to  express my support for the appointment of conferees and my belief that  this is yet another encouraging sign of a return to regular order in  the appropriations process.   The package of appropriations bills that will be conferenced with the  House received overwhelming bipartisan support in the Senate. This  broad agreement was facilitated by a concerted effort by both parties  to prevent partisan riders from poisoning the well. Thus far, we have  been able to translate bipartisan cooperation among members of the  Appropriations Committee into success on the Senate floor.  [[Page S4890]]    At this time, I want to recognize and to commend the continued  efforts of the committee members in the process, especially the  Republican and Democratic managers of this package. In particular, I  want to thank Vice Chairman Leahy for his strong partnership in this  effort and Senator Alexander, who is here on the floor, who has guided  this process and will chair the conference committee.   We will continue to consolidate critical mass for a return to regular  order, but we still have a long way to go. This is another step in the  right direction. Senator Alexander, Vice Chairman Leahy, and I will  have a strong slate of conferees joining us. On the Republican side, it  will be Senators Boozman, Daines, and Lankford. On the Democratic side,  it will be Senators Feinstein, Schatz, and Murphy.   Our objective will be to build upon the momentum we have generated in  the Senate by urging the same type of bipartisan cooperation in the  conference. We will aim to return to the Senate floor--hopefully,  sooner than later--with a conference report that reflects bipartisan  agreement and merits the support of our colleagues.   It is, I believe, the right thing to do for the American people.  Whatever partisan fights may ensue in the coming weeks, I believe the  appropriations process should not suffer those wounds, and we should  continue our hope and work. Thus far, it has been immune from such a  fate. It is my hope that we can continue on that path. That will be our  goal in this conference committee. I hope others will join us.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I move that the Senate insist on its  amendment, agree to the request of the House for a conference, and the  Chair be authorized to appoint conferees on the part of the Senate.   