 Mr. President, I am stunned by President Trump's  willful paralysis when it comes to holding Russia accountable on  threats made crystal clear by our intelligence community.   Indeed, it has been more than a year since 17 U.S. intelligence  agencies issued their report on how the Kremlin sought to ``blend  covert intelligence operations--such as cyber activity--with overt  efforts by Russian Government agencies, state-funded media, third-party  intermediaries, and paid social media users, or `trolls' '' in order to  undermine our 2016 elections.   Today, even the administration's own national security strategy warns  that Russia will continue to challenge American power, influence, and  security interests, at home and abroad. These threats are precisely why  Congress imposed a mandate on President Trump to act. Yet, time and  again, this President has refused to hold Russia accountable and  refuses to take steps to defend our democracy and our national  security. It is alarming, it is reckless, and it is absolutely  unacceptable, and, to be honest, I also find it baffling. Here is why.   Pick any policy issue. Chances are, since taking office, President  Trump has changed his mind about it at least once. Last week he changed  his positions on gun safety so many times in 24 hours, it could make  your head spin. A few weeks before that, he rejected a bipartisan deal  to protect Dreamers that met the very specifications he outlined to my  colleagues and me just days before. Throughout the past year, the  President's remarks with respect to NATO's Article 5, the alliance's  bedrock principle that guarantees mutual defense, have been wholly  inconsistent.   But there is one thing that President Trump has shown rock-solid  consistency on since taking office, and that is his shameful embrace of  Russian President Vladimir Putin and his refusal to protect American  democratic institutions.   President Trump's embrace of Putin has put a straitjacket on U.S.  policy toward Russia. In many ways, we are more vulnerable today than  we were in 2016. Think about it. Mr. Putin made a serious gamble when  he decided to interfere in our election--a gamble that would normally  draw the ire of any American President, regardless of their political  party. But, as we know, nothing about this administration is normal,  and the truth is that we are in far greater peril today because Mr.  Putin knows that he has a friend in the White House--a friend who won't  do anything to stop him from interfering in our democracy, nor those of  our allies; a friend who won't even issue a statement condemning  Putin's nuclear sabre rattling last week when he proudly showed a video  simulating a nuclear attack on Florida.   It is time for the President to recognize that Mr. Putin's intentions  are not up for debate. From the spread of extremist propaganda across  Europe, to Russia's continued attack on Ukrainian sovereignty, to the  latest revelations made public by Special Counsel Mueller's  investigation, the Kremlin is orchestrating a systematic and ongoing  campaign to undermine the democracies at the heart of the post-World  War II international order.   Consider President Trump's response to the revelations made public by  Special Counsel Mueller when he indicted 13 Russians for interfering in  our democracy 3 weeks ago. The special counsel's findings left many  Americans shocked by Russia's outstanding, sophisticated effort to  defraud American voters, stoke division on Facebook, and sow doubt in  our electoral process in 2016. Yet President Trump's only response to  these stunning revelations of foreign interference--nothing. Nothing.  Not a word from the President beyond a victorious tweet once again  proclaiming no collusion.   At every turn, President Trump has dismissed the significance of  Russia's interference in our elections, and his willful paralysis on  Russia is in full display through the White House's refusal to impose  sanctions under CAATSA, as well as the unacceptable delays in  establishing a strategy for countering the Kremlin's propaganda and  disinformation.   Let's remember why Congress passed CAATSA in the first place, why the  Senate voted 98 to 2 and the House of Representatives voted 419 to 3  despite overwhelming opposition from the Trump administration. We voted  to  [[Page S1372]]  hold Russia accountable for its assault on our democracy, and we voted  to increase pressure on the Kremlin to stop its illegal war against our  friends in Ukraine and its aiding and abetting of war crimes in Syria.  But apparently President Trump fails to see that these are real threats  from a real foreign adversary--real threats that undermine the  integrity of our elections and therefore the security of our country;  real threats from a brutal leader who seeks the erosion of Western  democracy as a strategic imperative for Russia's future.   We saw it in March of 2014, when Russia authorized the use of  military force to illegally occupy Crimea, blatantly violating the  sovereignty of the Ukrainian people--violence that continues in eastern  Ukraine to this day. We saw it in 2016, when the Kremlin's  disinformation campaign targeted American voters on Facebook. We see it  today, as Russia continues to spread propaganda throughout Western  Europe. Meanwhile, in the Middle East, Russia continues to prop up  Assad's brutal dictatorship, dropping bombs on hospitals, homes, and  humanitarian aid convoys working to help the Syrian people under siege.   This President's schoolyard swagger stops cold when it comes to  confronting the world's biggest bully: Vladimir Putin. It has been 7  months--7 months--since Congress passed the CAATSA sanctions law. While  the administration has upheld some sanctions imposed by Obama-era  Executive orders, it is appalling to see this White House refuse to  implement sanctions that Congress made mandatory--mandatory. Let me say  that again: provisions that were made mandatory.   So let me tell you what I have learned about CAATSA's implementation  in the recent briefings I have received as the ranking member on the  Foreign Relations Committee and membership on the Banking Committee.   President Trump has imposed no sanctions in response to Russia's  cyber aggression, as required by section 224. President Trump has  imposed no sanctions related to Russian crude oil products, as required  by section 225. President Trump has imposed no sanctions on serious  human rights abusers in the Russian Federation, as required by section  228. President Trump has imposed no sanctions on those facilitating the  transfer of assets owned by the Russian people to oligarchs, handpicked  by Putin, as required under section 233. President Trump has imposed no  sanctions punishing Russia for its transfer of arms to Syria, as  required under section 234. I could go on, but you get the picture.   The Trump administration has refused to implement the law despite the  overwhelming, bipartisan will of Congress--a Congress that decided to  put ``shall'' in that legislation versus ``may,'' which made it  mandatory. The Constitution made Congress a coequal branch of  government for a reason, and I take very seriously our responsibility  to hold the executive branch accountable.   Given what we know about Russia's interference in European elections  over the last year alone, I am especially disappointed in the White  House's failure to implement sanctions under section 224. That section  targets anyone knowingly undermining the cyber security of an  individual or a democratic institution on behalf of the Russian  Government. I find it hard to believe this administration has yet to  identify one single sanctionable offense, but in case they need some  tips, here are two they can look into.   In November, Spain's Government discovered Russian state-sponsored  groups using social media to spread disinformation and influence  political events in Catalonia. Just last week, the German Government  pointed to a massive cyber hack against its foreign ministry, allegedly  carried out by a Russian state-sponsored group called Snake.   Meanwhile, our intelligence leaders, including many who were  appointed by President Trump himself, have testified that Russia  continues to interfere here in the United States and looks forward to  doing so during the midterm elections.   I have cosponsored a resolution calling upon President Trump to  implement these sanctions, and while we shouldn't have to pass a  resolution calling on the administration to enforce the law we passed,  which was mandatory, we clearly do. Fortunately, we will have the  opportunity to do so next week when the Foreign Relations Committee  meets to mark up legislation, and I urge the chairman of the Foreign  Relations Committee to take up this important resolution.   Let's remember that Congress also gave the administration additional  tools to thwart Russia's disinformation campaigns--an essential  priority if we want to protect the integrity of our democracy. Yet it  seems that Russia's disinformation campaigns continue to sow chaos  online unabated.   Every day that ticks by is one that the Russian Government continues  to sharpen its tools and go on the attack. Every day that ticks by, the  Russian Government has further encroached on sovereign democracies. We  saw it most recently when Russian trolls amplified rightwing hysteria  over Congressman Devin Nunes' memo with the Twitter hashtag  #releasethememo. According to Politico, ``Russian bots and their  American allies gamed social media to put a flawed intelligence  document atop the political agenda.''   Just this week, the New York Times reported on an ``American  strategic void'' in response to Russian threats, highlighting the  administration's inability to spend even one dollar--even one dollar-- of the $120 million that Congress authorized over a year ago to counter  the Kremlin's information warfare.   The Defense Department last week transferred $40 million--a third of  what was authorized--to the State Department's Global Engagement  Center, although not a penny's worth of action has been taken. Why the  ridiculous delay? Why not the full amount?   Any responsible President would be vigorously working to protect  Americans from foreign interference aimed at undermining our democracy.  Any responsible President would have communicated to the American  people the seriousness of the threat and rallied our citizens to  respond with classic American resilience and courage. Any responsible  President would have worked with Congress on a robust strategy and  secured funding for it, and once he got the resources, any responsible  President would have moved swiftly to spend them, to empower all the  relevant security agencies to mobilize a collective effort to protect  the integrity of our democracy. We don't have a responsible President.  We have a President asleep at the wheel or maybe even too scared to get  into the car at all.   We cannot afford further delays that only cede more ground to Putin  on the battlefield of information. Our Global Engagement Center must  immediately put these funds to use blunting the effects of Russian  Government disinformation. Most urgently, we need the Trump  administration to finally develop a comprehensive strategy to shore up  American democracy against Russian malign influence and implementing it  without delay.    I will close with this. Every day that ticks by, the Russian  Government burrows deeper into our society, cultivating extremists and  sowing discord. Consider Alexander Torshin. NPR reported that for 6  years, he traveled to the United States to deepen his friendships with  the NRA, one of the most active groups in our country. Mr. Torshin  cultivated its leadership, meeting with them in Moscow, and now the FBI  is reportedly investigating whether he funneled money through the NRA  to support Trump's campaign. It is disturbing to think the NRA is so  eager to cultivate ties with Putin's inner circle. As we all know, this  organization's efforts has left our country a more dangerous place,  from our schools to our movie theaters, to our concerts, to our  churches.   The American people overwhelmingly want Congress to uphold its solemn  responsibility to keep our families safe. Yet the NRA's opposition to  commonsense gun safety laws have made this Congress more dysfunctional  and less responsive to the needs of our citizens. That, to me, sounds  right in line with Kremlin policy.   More than anything, I hope President Trump and our Secretary of State  will start treating this threat with the seriousness it deserves. They  should appreciate the level of careful planning, resources, and energy  the Russian Government invests into destabilizing  [[Page S1373]]  American democracy. It is time to protect the integrity of our  elections and secure our democracy against the cyber threats of the  21st century, whether they come in the form of election machine  tampering or paid propaganda on social media or targeted hacks on  public officials.   In the meantime, President Trump's inaction speaks louder than his  words. His willful paralysis only serves to embolden our adversaries  and weaken democratic institutions at home and abroad. That simply  cannot stand, and it cannot stand with the silence we hear from too  many of our colleagues on this issue. We need to speak up. We need to  act. We need to make sure the law we pass gets enforced. Otherwise, we  neuter the very essence of this institution.   With that, I yield.   