 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from California for  the kind words and for his service to our country, and I say ditto  about an honor to serve with him and everyone else in this body.   I rise today to urge passage of H.R. 6602, to reauthorize the New  Jersey Coastal Heritage Trail. This was something that I worked on with  the late Senator Frank Lautenberg a number of years ago.   Since its inception in 1988, the Coastal Heritage Trail has been a  major success throughout my district, as well as the entire State.   Now, although there are 12 Members of Congress from the State of New  Jersey, the Second Congressional District, which I have had the honor  of representing, is about 40 percent of the State geographically, so  this trail spans nearly 300 miles, covering much of New Jersey's  coastline. It was designed to provide an educational and enjoyable  understanding of the natural, maritime, and cultural sites of our  coast, which, I must admit, are many.   The Coastal Heritage Trail is divided into five regions linked by the  common heritage of life on the Jersey shore, as well as the Raritan and  Delaware Bays.   Finally, this trail has been a great example of the work that can be  done through collaboration with public and private partnerships, and I  think the success of the trail is really because of these  collaborations and the different, various groups that have come  together to understand how working together can really make a  difference.   Through partnership with the National Park Service, Congress, and  local organizations, the Coastal Heritage Trail has received support  and has been beautifully maintained until authorization recently  lapsed. With this lapse of authorization, the public sector groups and  the private sector  [[Page H10303]]  groups were not able to maintain the trail, which they had most of the  resource to take care of this. So it has been a big problem with the  lapse.   Mr. Speaker, it is time to redesignate this trail so it can be  enjoyed by countless residents and visitors to New Jersey for many  years to come. I urge passage of H.R. 6602. I thank my colleagues for  considering this, and I very much appreciate the opportunity to move  this bill.   