 Mr. President, tonight I wish to talk about our  responsibility in the U.S. Senate to reopen the government, to get back  to work solving real problems, and to fix the system around here so we  aren't tempted to play political games with government shutdowns in the  future.   We are now in the second day of what I think is kind of a senseless  shutdown. It is not helping anybody. There is a lot of disruption,  dislocation, and dysfunction for no reason. It is a situation which was  perhaps best described by Democratic leader Chuck Schumer in 2013 when  he said: ``I believe in immigration reform. What if I persuaded my  caucus to say I'm going to shut the government down, I'm not going to  pay our bills unless I get my way. It's politics of idiocy, of  confrontation, of paralysis.''   I think Chuck Schumer was right. I think the lesson of 2013 in that  shutdown is, they don't work. I think they are a bad idea. They are  unnecessary disruptions. They hurt our economy. They hurt families.  They hurt our troops. By the way, they ultimately also cost the  taxpayers more money, not less. That has been the history.   That is why, for 6 years now, I have been fighting to pass  legislation called the End Government Shutdowns Act. It is a very  simple piece of legislation. By the way, my efforts in that have  spanned Presidents of both parties and majorities in the Senate of both  parties. It is not a political issue. We should end government  shutdowns.   More on that in a minute, but let's take a look at the real-world  impact of a shutdown. In my home State of Ohio, nearly 50,000 Federal  workers are seeing their paychecks halted through no fault of their  own. This includes rangers at parks across the State, like Cuyahoga  Valley National Park. It includes 3,000 employees at NASA Glenn. It  includes thousands of civilian employees at Wright-Patterson Air Force  Base, and thousands of other employees around the Buckeye State who are  going to be hurt. Why? Because of the shutdown here in Washington, DC.  By the way, Federal contractors are being told they can't go to work.  Yet they are going to get paid after the fact. How does that help  taxpayers?   How did we get here? Well, spending goes through Congress. The  Constitution says Congress alone has the power of the purse, so every  dime that is appropriated for spending has to go through this Congress.   Unfortunately, since the fiscal year ended on September 30, Democrats  and Republicans in Congress have been unable to agree on an overall  budget plan that allows us to fund our 12 annual spending bills. Since  then, we have passed three of these so-called continuing resolutions.  They are also called CRs. They provide short-term funding for the  government; basically, a continuation of the spending from last year,  just to keep the government from shutting down. That is what CRs do.  They don't include any policies, typically, or any spending levels for  the next fiscal year. It is just to keep things going and keep  government operating. Nobody likes them. I don't like continuing  resolutions. Who would? But the alternative is either come to an  agreement on these 12 annual spending bills we have talked about or  have a government shutdown.   That was considered unthinkable over the last 4 months, when these  continuing resolutions were passed by big bipartisan majorities of both  the House and the Senate.   By the way, 8 of these 12 annual spending bills I was talking about  actually passed out of committee with big bipartisan votes. So 8 of the  12 actually have been passed. They are ready to come to the Senate  floor, but they haven't come to the Senate floor because they require  60 votes out of 100 to be brought up, and Democrats, not having a  solution to what the overall spending levels will be, have not  cooperated to bring those individual spending bills to the floor.   That is obviously the best way to do this; that is, to have the 12  spending bills come to the floor, have the debate, put the best  policies in place, and have the right levels of spending for this  fiscal year. That hasn't happened so we have these short-term  continuing resolutions.   One might ask: How can the continuing resolutions pass? Because they  don't seem to be very popular. Well, but they are better than a  shutdown. By the way, they also require 60 votes, but, again, it is the  one thing we have been able to pass over the past 4 months to avoid  shutdowns while we negotiate our differences over the level of  spending, over the policies that are going to be in place between now  and the rest of the fiscal year. They have always passed, again, on a  broad bipartisan basis.   Some Democrats have voted with us to keep our government open in the  past because, as the Democratic leader has said, shutting down the  government just doesn't make any sense. In order to pass a CR--a  continuing resolution--only 39 Senators can vote no because, again, we  have to get 60 votes. On Friday night, 44 Democrats chose to vote down  the latest CR, even though almost nothing of substance has changed in  the continuing resolution since the last continuing resolution that was  voted on, again, by big majorities.   The only thing that has changed is, there was added a very popular  and urgent extension of a healthcare program called the CHIP program,  Children's Health Insurance Program. It is absolutely critical that we  pass that because in the next couple of weeks we are told some States  will begin to run out of money. CHIP actually expired back in  September, and it has had short-term fixes since then, in this  continuing resolution, the same as the last continuing resolutions,  basically.   Nobody really objects to what is in the continuing resolution, but  the addition has been this really important program; CHIP is  reauthorized. By the way, it is reauthorized for its longest  reauthorization ever in the history of  [[Page S416]]  the program--a 6-year reauthorization. I strongly support it, and I  think my colleagues do across the board. If we don't deal with CHIP,  again, this is urgent enough that some States are actually going to  run out of money.    Some are choosing to shut down the government, even though they can't  point to anything in the short-term continuing resolution they disagree  with and even though it endangers the healthcare of children and  families around the country. That is where we are. The main reason we  have heard from Democrats who oppose an otherwise acceptable continuing  resolution--and we just heard here tonight from my colleagues on the  other side, including colleagues I work with a lot on other issues, and  I respect them, but they said this is about something else. It is not  the spending bill, but it is about how we deal with DACA and broader  immigration reform.   I want to resolve DACA, too, and I believe most of the Members of  this body sincerely want to resolve DACA. It is an administrative  program that is appropriate to being legislated. The President gave us  until March to deal with it, and we must and should deal with it. There  is an ongoing, good-faith effort to resolve the DACA issue as well as  broader immigration issues, like border security, and to do all that  before DACA expires on March 5, which is 6 weeks away.   There has been a lot of finger-pointing--and there is always plenty  of room for that around here, let's face it--but the situation is  clear: We are in day 2 of a shutdown because my Democratic colleagues  are holding hostage the entire Federal Government and children in need  of healthcare through CHIP for a nonspending issue that is being worked  on. We all know it expires on March 5, and we need to deal with it.   Without a spending bill or a continuing resolution to keep the  government open short term, while we come to an agreement on larger  issues, there are a bunch of Federal workers who are going to wake up  tomorrow morning and find themselves furloughed. Many will not be able  to go to work because their offices are closed. Some will, I am told,  have to report to work, but they are not going to get paid, at least  until the government reopens. Again, the taxpayer always ends up  getting the short end of the stick on this.   I just think it is crazy that we are allowing this to happen. It  doesn't make any sense. I don't get it. Yes, there are some larger  issues we have to come together on and solve in a bipartisan way, but  we should agree to a short-term funding deal to just get the government  up and running and then work to solve those problems. We are not  working on them now, I can tell you, because everybody is distracted by  this issue--a government shutdown.   My understanding is, we are going to vote on a new proposal tonight  to reopen the government. It is shorter term. Why? Because a number of  Democrats have said they think the previous continuing resolution,  which was for 4 weeks, was too long, so this one will be just 2\1/2\  weeks, until February 8. That is fine with me. I think that gives us  enough time to resolve these issues and enough time to actually put the  changes into legislation--2\1/2\ weeks. That would be pretty fast by  congressional time.   I understand the new CR proposal will also be coupled with these  important CHIP funding proposals; in other words, the long-term  extension of the Children's Health Insurance Program, which is  important, and a commitment to continue the negotiations to address all  of the outstanding issues, including DACA, including defense spending,  including disaster relief.   Let's support it. Let's get this behind us. Let's be sure people  don't wake up on Monday morning to find they are furloughed, and then  let's get back to these hard issues we were hired to resolve.   I know it is a lot harder dealing with those substantive issues than  dealing with those political issues. It is easy to shut down  government. That doesn't take any ingenuity or imagination. That is  easy. It is harder to deal with these tough issues, but that is what we  have to do. Shutdowns aren't the answer.   The situation tonight is a reminder that we should end government  shutdowns for good. Again, that is why I have introduced the bipartisan  legislation I mentioned earlier called the End Government Shutdowns  Act, to avoid these types of unnecessary disruptions that are  unproductive and unfair to our constituents. The bill would simply  continue spending from the previous year for 120 days if any  appropriations bill or any CR is not agreed to by the established  deadline. Then it would gradually decline that funding by 1 percent,  and then 1 percent, to give lawmakers the incentive that is needed  around here to actually come together on a funding agreement. I think  it is sensible. I think it is common sense. It has always been  bipartisan in the past, so we can get it done.   By the way, I first introduced this bill in 2012 with my Democratic  colleague Jon Tester from Montana, when a Democratic President,  President Obama, was in the White House and Democrats controlled the  Senate. So this is a commonsense solution that benefits the country,  not one political party over another. It is what is best for our  country.   If this bill were law, we wouldn't be in this situation. Instead, we  would be talking about the substantive issues--how we resolve DACA, how  we resolve defense spending. We have had 18 shutdowns in our country's  history, and none of them would have happened if this was law.   There would be no last-minute political brinkmanship over issues  unrelated to funding our government. Our constituents, including  Federal employees, would not have their lives disrupted, taxpayers  wouldn't get fleeced by shutdowns and the backpay that happens and the  inefficiencies. Our legislation is bipartisan, but frankly we need a  lot more Members to support it and help us put in place a long-term  solution to make sure these shutdowns don't continue to happen.   I urge my colleagues tonight, and any staff who might be watching,  please sign on to this legislation. We need your help. It is common  sense. It is a time in which I hope we all realize these shutdowns  don't make sense, and we have an alternative. A shutdown isn't helping  anyone. It isn't helping Americans who need access to vital government  services. It isn't helping Federal employees who instead should be  working and not being furloughed, and it sure isn't helping the 9  million children who are facing losing needed healthcare services under  CHIP.   There are bipartisan discussions going on right now. I have spoken to  colleagues on both sides of the aisle this afternoon and this evening.  I think those discussions have been productive. Let's hope they are  successful. Let's hope we can resolve this tonight. Let's hope we can  have a vote to give the American people the certainty and  predictability they are looking for. Let's reopen government, and let's  get back to work.   I hope all of my colleagues will join me in doing that tonight.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   