 Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding. I  appreciate the opportunity to express my concerns with the way this  bill has moved to the floor today.   Mr. Chairman, I support the bill's authorization of a U.S.  contribution to the International Development Association, IDA, the  part of the World Bank that helps the world's poorest countries through  loans and grants to boost economic growth, to reduce inequality, and to  improve the standard of living across the world.   The IDA provides assistance for basic healthcare, primary education,  clean water and sanitation, and infrastructure.   I also support the idea that the bill would reestablish the U.S.'  engagement on global economic cooperation. When this bill came up in  the Financial Services Committee markup, as has been pointed out, I,  along with many of my colleagues, expressed concerns over the bill  making a U.S. contribution contingent on President Trump's  determination that the World Bank is implementing these important  reforms.   Our support for the bill was based on the understanding that those  concerns would be addressed. So we supported  [[Page H446]]  the bill in good faith, hoping that, in fact, those issues would be  addressed.   It has been pointed out that no Democratic amendments were offered in  committee. We took on faith that those issues would be addressed.   Ms. Moore, a member of the committee on the Democratic side and a  leader on this issue, offered an amendment, which the majority rejected  in the Rules Committee and did not allow this House to vote on in order  to--what we would say would be--improve the legislation. The amendment  was not even made in order.   We support good governance and accountability, but those goals ought  to be advanced on their own merits. Allowing President Trump to make  the determination to withhold money from these countries based on his  interpretation as to whether they have met his standard was a bridge  too far for many of us.   The nature of the reforms outlined in the bill give some pause when  we consider the recent actions and the recent words. It is impossible  for any of us to, first of all, erase the hateful comments made by the  President of the United States in reference to countries such as those  that benefit from the work of the IDA.   So setting aside for a moment the concerns that members of the  committee addressed--and this happens from time to time in committee,  let's not pretend that it doesn't, where there are concerns that we  decide we will address as the bill goes forward. Very often those are  worked out. When they are not, we are not going to be put in the  position as members of the committee of having to say: Well, that never  happened.   It did happen.   The Acting CHAIR (Mr. Culberson). The time of the gentleman has  expired.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional  1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan.    Mr. Chairman, I understand we may come to different  conclusions ultimately on how the bill comes to the floor, and Members  ought to feel free to vote their conscience, but it is not the case  that we did not express those concerns with the hope that they would be  addressed before the legislation moved to the floor.    Nobody saw it as a perfect bill, unless, of course, those individuals  were not listening to the issues being raised by Democratic Members  during the debate in committee.   Mr. Chairman, I will end with this: when the President of the United  States, just in recent days, uses vulgar and hateful terms to depict  entire populations, many of whom live in countries that are the  principal beneficiaries and people who themselves are the principal  beneficiaries of this work, I have a very difficult time granting  authority to that same administration to make a determination as to  whether those countries are worthy of the help that the United States  would offer.   