 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I hope this  is just going to be a speed bump on the way to getting on to the NDAA,  because that is very important legislation that I want to get to, but I  have an amendment. It happens to be a germane amendment to a very, very  important part of this bill--the CFIUS reform legislation recently  reported out of the Banking Committee.   I want to continue to work with the chairman and the ranking member  and the leader to ensure that I will have an opportunity to offer this  amendment. That is all I am looking for--to have a vote on my germane  amendment. When we can work that out, I will be happy to grant my  consent, but in the meantime, I object.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am looking forward to proceeding to the  National Defense Authorization Act soon. Earlier today, I objected to a  unanimous consent request to get on the bill because I am very  concerned that I get an opportunity to offer an amendment that I have.  Based on the efforts of our chairman and his confidence that I will be  able to offer this amendment, I am prepared to agree to allow us to get  on the bill, and I look forward to doing that.   I want to address two amendments that I am hopeful will be included,  mine and one other. One of them has to do with the tariffs, especially  on steel and aluminum, that come under section 232 of our trade laws,  and the other is an amendment that I intend to offer with respect to  the CFIUS reform. Let me start with the section 232 tariffs.   This is a section of trade law that allows the President to restrict  imported goods that threaten our national security. It has been the law  of the land for some time. The statute gives very wide latitude to the  President and the Commerce Department--but really to the President--to  determine, first of all, what imports constitute a threat to our  national security and, then, secondly, the existing law does not  prescribe what the remedy will be. That is also left up to the  President. So there is a great deal of discretion that is in the hands  of the President.   In March of this year, after a nearly year-long investigation, the  President imposed tariffs on imported steel and aluminum--25 percent on  steel, 10 percent on aluminum. Then there was a temporary exclusion.  Then there were negotiations to make the temporary exclusions  permanent. In some cases that has occurred, as with South Korea and  other places, but they were negotiated. The exclusion--the ability of  the countries to sell steel to the United States without the American  consumers being subject to this tax--had a condition, and the condition  was that they would agree to other restrictions on their exports, such  as quotas, for instance, on the volume of their exports that would be  permitted. Shockingly to some, the President decided to even impose  these taxes--taxes on American consumers--when they buy steel that  originates in the EU, Canada, and Mexico, which originally had a  temporary exclusion but apparently no longer do.   These three allies--allies, mind you--make up about 40 percent of  U.S. steel imports by tonnage, and all three seem intent on imposing  retaliatory tariffs, which is what typically happens when tariffs are  launched.   More recently, the President has announced that the Commerce  Department will investigate whether foreign vehicles or automobiles  sold to U.S. consumers, like my constituents--cars and trucks-- represent a national security threat, with the possibility that they  will impose a 25-percent tax on Americans who buy those imported cars  and trucks.   I think this is a very bad idea. This is a bad path to be going on.  It is a bad policy. First of all, most directly, it is a direct tax on  American consumers. That is just irrefutable. Consumers--our  constituents--will have to pay higher prices for the products that are  subject to these taxes. The price of a Honda Civic made in Japan or a  Volkswagen Jetta made in Germany will increase by about $5,000 for a  U.S. consumer--a Pennsylvanian or Coloradan--who wants to buy one of  these vehicles. Of course, it is pretty clear to me that these taxes on  American consumers will do nothing to safeguard our national security.  I fail to see the national security threat when a Pennsylvanian decides  to buy a Toyota Corolla. It is not clear to me how that is a threat to  our national security.   In fact, there is no real national security threat that these tariffs  are a response to. They are an effort to impose a protectionist policy  for economic purposes.   In picking steel, it is particularly disturbing that section 232  would be invoked as the justification for taxes on steel imports.  Section 232 is explicitly reserved for national security threats, as I  mentioned. Let's think about this. Just last year, net steel imports  accounted for about 25 percent of America's total steel consumption. In  other words, domestically, we produce the large majority, about 75  percent, of all the steel we need to consume. For national security  purposes, our military needs about 3 percent of our domestic  consumption. We produce 75 percent. How is it even plausible that there  is a national security reason why we shouldn't be importing this steel?  Well, what about where it is coming from? That is interesting.   The biggest sources of imported steel are Canada and Mexico, where,  by the way, we have trade surpluses in steel. Again, using the  justification of national security, we have put tariffs--taxes that  Americans have to pay--when we buy steel from Canada and Mexico, our  close allies and contiguous countries. To suggest that we have a  national security need to tax Americans when they buy this small  percentage of our total consumption from these close allies and  neighbors is not credible. It is not credible.   In fact, for national security purposes, arguably, it undermines our  national security because it raises the cost of the steel that we need  to build things. We pay more for that steel. How is that good for  America?   It is clear to me that the President is using section 232 in a way  that was not intended by Congress. It is clear to me, anyway. Prior to  this year, section 232 was only invoked five times in all of its  [[Page S3021]]  history, but now we have this being invoked on steel and aluminum and  maybe automobiles as well.   Here is the thing. It is Congress that has the responsibility for  establishing tariffs--taxes--to regulate trade. It is explicit in the  Constitution. Article I, section 8, clause 1 reads: ``The Congress  shall have the Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and  Excises. . . .''   Article I, section 8, clause 3, includes Congress having the  responsibility to regulate commerce with foreign nations.   Well, obviously this is an explicit instruction that it is Congress's  responsibility to determine the level of tariffs and whether there will  be tariffs. What Congress has done over the years is passed laws that  delegate this authority to the President. First of all, I think it is a  bad idea for Congress to take constitutional authority that is  enshrined in our founding document and just punt it over to another  branch of our government. We should not be doing that. We ought to be  abiding by the Constitution, following the Constitution, and accepting  the responsibility that the Constitution gives to us.   I have long felt that this is a responsibility that Congress should  take back, that the prior legislation giving this to the President was  a mistake and it is time to take it back.   It is my understanding that Senator Corker is likely to offer an  amendment that would do something that is very simple, and it is an  elegant solution to this dilemma with respect to section 232 tariffs;  that is, to simply make them subject to congressional assent. It would  no longer be allowable, permissible under our law, if this amendment  were to be passed and signed into law, for any President to  unilaterally invoke section 232 and impose taxes on the American people  in response. There would be a period of time during which Congress  would review and would have to have an expedited up-or-down vote--not  subject to filibuster, not drawn out, but a quick up-or-down vote--to  determine whether that would be allowed. I would suggest that this  would be completely in keeping with our explicit constitutional  responsibility in this very important area.   I am very hopeful and optimistic that Senator Corker will, in fact,  offer his amendment and that it will be allowed and that we will debate  it, have a vote, and see how that goes.   I intend to offer a separate amendment. My amendment has to do with  CFIUS. CFIUS is an acronym that stands for the Committee on Foreign  Investments in the United States. CFIUS is an interagency committee-- multiple agencies within the executive branch--that reviews the  national security implications of foreign direct investments. So when a  company that is headquartered in another country wishes to make a  purchase of an American company, if there is a national security  implication or threat to that investment, which there could be, then,  under the existing CFIUS framework, this committee makes a  recommendation to the President, and the President has the authority to  block the transaction--to forbid the purchase of an American company,  say, by a foreign company--if there is a perception that this is a  threat to national security.   Senator Cornyn has introduced legislation that would update and  modernize the authorities. It would dramatically broaden the power and  the authority of CFIUS. I am supportive of what Senator Cornyn wants to  do. I voted for his legislation in the Banking Committee. This reform  of CFIUS has been put into the national defense authorization bill so  that if and when we get on that bill, we will also be contemplating  this broadening of the powers of CFIUS.   How does the Cornyn legislation broaden CFIUS? Well, first of all, it  dramatically expands the transactions that can be reviewed by CFIUS.  For instance, under current law, CFIUS has no legal authority to review  if a foreign company chooses to buy real estate that is undeveloped--a  raw piece of land somewhere. That is not subject to CFIUS review. But  what if an unfriendly government has an investment in a company in  their country that wants to buy a big tract of land right next to a  sensitive military installation of the United States? That might be a  convenient place for them to set up listening devices and other ways  for them to spy on our military capabilities, for instance. So I think  it is a good idea to give CFIUS the authority to look at real estate  transactions.   It would also expand CFIUS's authority to look at nonpassive  investment in critical technology or infrastructure by any foreign  person. It would review any change in foreign investors' rights  regarding a U.S. business, and there are many other new categories of  transactions.   CFIUS historically, roughly speaking--I think they review something  on the order of 200 or 250 transactions per year under existing law. If  this new reform is adopted, then the experts believe that CFIUS will  likely review something on the order of 2,000 or 2,500 transactions per  year. So it is a very, very broad expansion in the power of the  government to block foreign direct investment in the United States.   We should be clear about one aspect of this. The reforms to CFIUS are  largely a response to very aggressive and in many cases inappropriate  behavior by Chinese companies. Companies that are headquartered in  China--very often there is some Chinese Government ownership, and there  is a long history of the Chinese, through these vehicles, engaging in  wholly inappropriate activity, including coerced technology transfer on  the part of U.S. companies through a variety of means. This is a real  problem, and expanding the authority of CFIUS is an important element,  in my view, in dealing with this problem.   So this is the main reason I am in favor of expanding the powers of  CFIUS, but it is also very important that we not, in the process,  unduly undermine foreign direct investment in the United States that is  not a threat to our national security at all--in fact, that is the vast  majority of foreign direct investment in the United States. When Toyota  decides to build a new manufacturing facility to make cars in  Tennessee, that is not a threat to America's national security. If they  were to make an investment with a car company in the United States and  establish a joint venture and start making cars in Michigan, that would  not be a threat to national security. The vast majority of transactions  are not at all a threat. In fact, they are a source of important jobs.  In my State of Pennsylvania, there are 334,000 Pennsylvanians who work  for foreign-based companies that have invested in and operate in and  create jobs in Pennsylvania, and 186,000 of those jobs are in  manufacturing.    Consider this: In 2015, the total amount of foreign direct investment  in the United States--so the total amount of money invested by people  and companies that are somewhere other than America but choose to  invest in America--the total was almost half a trillion dollars, $465  billion. Do you know how much of that came from China? Less than $6  billion out of almost $500 billion. So it is a very small percentage.  In 2016, the numbers were comparable--about $460 billion in total  foreign direct investment and about 10 of that from China.   China is not even close to be being in the top 10 countries that are  the source of foreign direct investment in the United States. That  doesn't mean it is unimportant to consider when Chinese companies are  making investments. It is very important. But my point is that the vast  majority of the foreign direct investment in our country is good for  our economy. It creates jobs and opportunities, and we don't want to  disrupt that. If the implementation of this reform to CFIUS goes badly,  it could have a chilling effect on foreign direct investment, and that  would diminish our economic growth, our economic strength, and cost us  who knows how many jobs. That is what I want to make sure we avoid.   In the course of the implementation, the way this is going to happen  under the law is that the reformed CFIUS--the legislation that we are  going to consider as part of NDAA requires this CFIUS committee to  develop the rules that will basically define the terms of their own  operations. So, for instance, they will have very broad discretion. If  their discretion is too broad--I should say, if they exercise it too  broadly, if they end up applying CFIUS restrictions too broadly, we  will lose the foreign direct investment that is good for  [[Page S3022]]  us. If they define it too narrowly, then there is a chance we won't  catch bad actors whom we should catch.   Let me give a few examples of how the rulemaking is going to  determine how CFIUS applies. One of the key terms throughout the  legislation is ``critical infrastructure and technology companies.''  Those are the companies with technologies that we don't necessarily  want to end up in the hands of an adversarial country like China. Well,  guess who defines what is a critical infrastructure and technology  company? CFIUS does. We don't here in the Senate. Congress doesn't. We  empower the committee, CFIUS, to decide what constitutes a critical  infrastructure technology company.   We also empower CFIUS to decide when a company is attempting to  circumvent the rules. That is an important issue because following the  rules strictly so as not to be caught up in this could be deemed to be  a circumvention, so that is an important factor.   There are lots of other rulemakings that we require of this  committee, and it is the way they make those rules that will determine  exactly the extent to which we continue to foster constructive foreign  direct investment or we choke it off.   My concern is that Congress should not simply blindly hand this off  to the executive branch and hope for the best. That would not be  fulfilling our obligation to enact the legislation as it should be  enacted. So I intend to file an amendment, and my amendment is very  simple. It is just going to provide Congress with the opportunity and  the requirement to review the major rulemakings--the big parts, the  important parts--defining the terms and circumstances under which CFIUS  will operate before they can go into effect. So CFIUS will go ahead,  promulgate these rules, and before they become operative, there has to  be an up-or-down vote by Congress.   We have written this so that there will be an expedited procedure. It  will pass with a simple majority. There has to be a vote. The vote  actually has to happen in almost the exact same timeframe as the rule's  implementation. In other words, after a rulemaking is finished, there  is a 60-day delay before it becomes operative. It is during that window  that Congress would have its vote. It cannot be filibustered. It cannot  be delayed. But what it would do is it would ensure that we are  involved in this process, that we have the oversight we are supposed to  exercise to make sure it is done properly, and it ensures that we would  work with the administration.   If Congress were to reject one or more of these rules, that wouldn't  stop the administration. They would then work with us to address  whatever concerns led to the objection and then submit a new rule.   It is modeled somewhat after the REINS Act that is very broadly  supported on this side of the aisle. I should point out that it is much  more limited because this congressional review of the rulemaking under  my amendment applies only to the rules made by CFIUS under this  legislation. So it is a very narrow application. There were 39  Republican cosponsors of the REINS Act. If that were the law of the  land, if that had been adopted, we wouldn't be having this discussion  because it would automatically apply to the rulemaking of CFIUS. So it  is hard to see why anyone who supports the REINS Act would oppose this.   I am certainly hoping that my Democratic colleagues will support this  as well. Let's be honest--they have not been big fans of the Trump  administration. Many of them have voted against the Cabinet and agency  leaders whom President Trump has nominated who will be responsible for  carrying out these rules. For them to vote no on this amendment would  be for them to insist that they not have the opportunity to review the  work of the Trump administration. Given their obvious and vocal  skepticism about the Trump administration, why in the world would they  refuse the opportunity to have veto power over very important  rulemaking? I can't imagine why they would. So I hope they will support  this, and I hope my Republican colleagues will as well.   Another important point, just to reiterate, the congressional  approval applies only to the rulemaking of CFIUS when it is done. It  certainly does not apply to the individual transactions that would  subsequently be reviewed by CFIUS under these rules; it applies just to  the rules themselves. And it certainly would not result in killing  CFIUS reform. Congress has demonstrated a very broad, bipartisan  consensus that we need to broaden the authority of CFIUS, so I am quite  confident that when these rules are done, if they are done in a  sensible fashion, Congress is going to agree to them because Congress  wants CFIUS to have this new authority. I will point out, it would  almost certainly have the effect of encouraging the administration to  work closely with Congress to make sure they are in fact developing  rules that are consistent with congressional intent. That is exactly  the way it should work.    If this amendment passes, I foresee greater collaboration between the  administration and Congress on the implementation of this CFIUS reform.  I think that will likely lead to a better product, one that ensures we  will catch the bad actors who are trying to make investments in the  United States for the purpose of acquiring technology we don't want  them to have and allow for the good, constructive, helpful foreign  direct investment we all benefit from.   My hope is, we will get on this Defense authorization bill soon, that  these and many other amendments will be debated and voted on, and we  will be able to pass this with a very strong affirmative vote.   I yield the floor.   