 Mr. President, I come to the floor today and rise to speak  on a challenge that our rural health communities face both in Alabama  and across the country. People living in rural areas often face  difficulty in finding healthcare providers. The challenges of  consistent, quality healthcare for rural America are exponentially more  difficult than in any other area in the country. These persistent gaps  in healthcare inevitably lead to poor health outcomes.   As a result, life expectancy for rural Alabamans is approximately 6  months lower than for those who reside in  [[Page S2813]]  urban areas and 3\1/2\ years lower than for people living in the rest  of the country. In some parts of my State, the outlook is even worse.  In Wilcox County, for example, life expectancy is 9 years lower than  the national average. That is unacceptable. The county of your birth or  where you choose to live should not dictate the quality of your life,  much less your life expectancy.   Despite the prosperity some pockets of the country feel today,  outcomes don't seem to be improving in many areas in rural America.  Alabama's rural hospitals are at risk, and many are in immediate danger  of closing. Sadly, some already have. Just last week, yet another  hospital--this one in Jacksonville, AL--announced that they would  close; it is about the 12th, I think, since 2011. It has become an all- too-familiar pattern in Alabama and in other rural areas in America.  That means the quality and number of treatment options in these rural  areas and in Alabama continue to decline. Fifty-two of Alabama's rural  counties are facing primary care shortages, and those numbers get worse  for specialty practitioners like dentistry and obstetrics.   Having spent nearly my entire life in Alabama--the only exception  being 1 year in Washington, DC, working for this body on the Senate  Judiciary Committee--I am acutely aware of the unique difficulties we  face in keeping folks healthy. As I have traveled across Alabama over  the last year, I have heard from folks who struggle to access medical  care. I have heard from expectant mothers who didn't know if they would  be able to make it to a hospital in time for delivery because the  closest one was more than an hour away. I have heard from people who  are impacted by the growing opioid epidemic and the lack of substance  abuse and mental health treatment options in their communities.   When I came to the Senate, I knew I needed and wanted to make  increasing access to quality, affordable healthcare one of my first  priorities. I also knew that finding the Holy Grail of true healthcare  reform in today's world of partisan politics is a difficult and complex  task. I am proud to say that we have made some progress since I got  here in January. For instance, through bipartisan efforts, the expired  Children's Health Insurance Program, CHIP, which provides coverage to  150,000 Alabama kids as well as community health centers that serve  350,000 Alabamans, was funded for an additional 10 years in the  future. I am proud that we secured an additional 3 years of funding for  community health centers in that bill, which provides the primary  source of healthcare in many underserved communities.    I was also a cosponsor of the Training the Next Generation of Primary  Care Doctors Act, which was signed into law as part of the bipartisan  budget deal. That legislation is critical for folks in my State, both  in the training it provides to doctors in community health centers and  in rural health clinics, but also because it ensures that talented  individuals who choose to stay in the healthcare professions stay and  practice in their community.   Bipartisan legislation like that bill is one of the many ways that we  can improve how folks receive healthcare in the United States. There  is, of course, another option, which leaders in Alabama have failed to  take, and that is to expand Medicaid. By failing to expand Medicaid,  many of Alabama's most vulnerable citizens have been denied access to  basic care, and we turned away literally billions of our own taxpayer  dollars in the process. That decision just doesn't make sense. While I  remain hopeful that my State's leadership will reconsider the  shortsighted decision made solely for political reasons, I am going to  continue to work to find ways to help. For example, I will continue to  advocate for changes in the Medicaid wage index, which has been  unfairly hurting Alabama healthcare providers and has been doing so for  years.   For my part, today, taking one additional step, I am proud to say  that my very first piece of original legislation will focus on  improving rural healthcare through making government more efficient.  Today, along with my colleagues Senators Mike Rounds and Tina Smith, I  am introducing the Rural Health Liaison Act. I wish to thank and  acknowledge Congresswoman Cheri Bustos for her leadership on this issue  in the House and her offer to partner in this important effort.   The bipartisan Rural Health Liaison Act will streamline Federal  investment in rural healthcare and improve coordination between Federal  agencies and other healthcare stakeholders by creating a Rural Health  Liaison within the U.S. Department of Agriculture.   I believe the USDA is an appropriate spot for such a position because  the Department plays a major role in rural development efforts. For  instance, the USDA has the capability to finance the construction of  hospitals, to implement telemedicine programs, and to carry out health  education initiatives. We want to make sure that these efforts are  fully coordinated and leveraged with the U.S. Department of Health and  Human Services and other Federal agencies, as well as other important  healthcare stakeholders.   Among other things, the Rural Health Liaison would consult with HHS  on rural health issues and improve communication with all Federal  agencies. It will provide expertise on rural healthcare issues. It will  lead and coordinate strategic planning on rural health activities  within the USDA, and it would advocate on behalf of the healthcare and  relevant infrastructure needs in rural areas.   I thank Senators Rounds and Smith for their support on this important  legislation, and I look forward to working together with them and other  colleagues to move this bill forward. This is a great example of how  Senators from both sides of the aisle can come together to propose  commonsense legislation to make government work better and more  efficiently. It is exactly the kind of work that I hoped to do when I  arrived here just a few months ago.   But this is just another step in a very complicated process. In the  months ahead, I hope to have the opportunity to continue to work with  colleagues on both sides of the aisle in this body to lower healthcare  costs, to increase access to quality healthcare, and to improve the  health and well-being of people living in rural Alabama, in rural  America, and, in fact, for people all across this great Nation.   Thank you, Mr. President.    Absolutely, yes.    I say thank you to Senator Nelson. I appreciate that.  Although our numbers are not as staggering in our State of Alabama,  they are still significant for the State of  [[Page S2814]]  Alabama with regard to Medicaid. So I will state that I appreciate the  Senators comments very much, and I look forward to working with him on  this bill and helping to move it forward.   I yield the floor.   