 I thank the distinguished Presiding Officer, the  Senator from North Carolina.   I ask unanimous consent to speak for 2 minutes on the nominees on  whom we are about to vote.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    I thank the distinguished Presiding Officer, the  Senator from North Carolina.   I ask unanimous consent to speak for 2 minutes on the nominees on  whom we are about to vote.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, on December 1, 2016, Judge Todd  Campbell stepped down as a district court judge for the Middle District  of Tennessee. On April 15, 2017, Judge Kevin Sharp stepped down,  creating a second vacancy in the Middle District. Those two vacancies  have resulted in increased caseloads for the only two remaining full- time Federal district court judges, Waverly Crenshaw and Aleta Trauger.   Things are almost as bad in Tennessee's Western District, where we  have two vacancies. Fortunately, help is on the way. In July of last  year, President Trump nominated Chip Campbell to serve in Tennessee's  Middle District and Tommy Parker to serve in the Western District. I  was pleased to see the President select such qualified individuals, and  I thank him and his counsel, Don McGahn, for working with us throughout  this process. I was equally pleased to see the Senate Judiciary  Committee approve both nominations by voice vote last October. And it  is easy to see why Tennesseans are excited about these nominees, too.   Chip Campbell is a graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy and the  University of Alabama School of Law. Before attending law school, Mr.  Campbell  [[Page S89]]  served as a naval flight officer in the U.S. Marine Corps. He began his  career in private practice with Maynard, Cooper & Gale in Birmingham,  before moving and joining the Nashville firm of Riley, Warnock &  Jacobson. Today he is a partner at Frost Brown Todd in Nashville, where  he chairs the competition law section of the business litigation  practice group.   Tommy Parker received his undergraduate degree from the University of  South Carolina before going to law school at Vanderbilt. Upon  graduation, he joined the Memphis law firm of Waring Cox. In 1995, Mr.  Parker left his position with the firm to serve as an assistant U.S.  attorney for the Western District of Tennessee. Today he is a partner  at Baker Donelson in Memphis.   I want to note that President Trump has also made two other  nominations to fill the remaining vacancies in the Middle District--Eli  Richardson--and in the Western District--State Senator Mark Norris--and  I encourage the Senate to act quickly on their nominations. But today's  votes are a good start.   Chip Campbell and Tommy Parker will be assets to the Federal bench,  and Tennessee is fortunate to have such well-qualified nominees. These  are men of good character and good temperament, and today I encourage  my colleagues to support their nominations.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Portman). Under the previous order, all  postcloture time is considered expired.   The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Campbell  nomination?    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll.   