 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2030, the Ceiling Fan Energy  Conservation Harmonization Act.   Mr. Speaker, I agree with the chairman on this issue. It is  bipartisan, and we are going to go ahead and do this law right.   Now, S. 2030 is essentially identical to H.R. 3477, legislation  introduced by my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee, Mr.  Hudson and Mr. Butterfield. The purpose of the legislation is to align  the current 2019 compliance deadline for ceiling fan light kit  standards with a separate standard for ceiling fans set for 2020.   S. 2030 essentially extends the compliance deadline for the rule  amending the standards for ceiling fan light kits by just over 1 year  to January 21, 2020, so they can both occur at the same time.   The Energy Policy and Conservation Act, as amended by the Energy  Policy Act of 2005, required the Department of Energy to put in place  efficiency standards for ceiling light kits. The DOE has determined  that increasing efficiency standards for ceiling fan light kits would  conserve energy more, while being economically feasible. The DOE  finally put forth the standard that, as stated previously, would take  effect in January of next year. However, because the DOE did not meet  the statutory deadline for promulgating a ceiling fan lighting kit  standard, certain backstop requirements have been triggered that would  be vitiated by the new regulations.   Some have raised questions as to whether the enactment of this  legislation would result in an extension of portions of these backstop  requirements. I think it is important for manufacturers that we respond  to this question, and it is my intent, later on in this debate, to  enter into a colloquy with the chairman in order to provide direction  to the DOE and make clear Congress' intent with regard to this matter.   New standards for these kits will save money and reduce carbon  emissions, and I believe the sooner they are in place, the better for  consumers and for our environment.   Having said that, the bill is not opposed by any environmental,  community, or consumer groups. Perhaps this is because it is sensible  legislation that will greatly help retailers by eliminating unnecessary  burdens for sellers of the products, while only minimally delaying new  standards.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to have a brief colloquy with Mr. Upton,  the chairman of the Subcommittee on Energy.   As I understand the purpose of S. 2030, it is to delay the January 7,  2019, compliance deadline for the latest ceiling fan light kit  efficiency standard so as to align it with the January 21, 2020,  compliance deadline for ceiling fans overall. Thus the efficiency  standards for ceiling fans and for ceiling fan lights will go into  force at the same time on January 21, 2020. Is that correct?    I yield to the gentleman from Michigan.    Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I further understand  that, pursuant to current law, because the DOE has not yet promulgated  a ceiling fan light kit standard, there are backstop standards that  have taken effect. As a part of this backstop, no ceiling fan light kit  can be offered for sale in interstate commerce whose lamps use more  than 180 watts of electricity.   To ensure this result, ceiling fan light kits are required to include  a device that limits lamp efficiency consumption to 190 watts or less.  Am I correct in that understanding?     I yield to the gentleman from Michigan.    Mr. Speaker, again reclaiming my time. I thank the  chairman and acknowledge that correction.   I understand that, in preparation for ceiling fan light kit standards  going into effect in January 2019, many manufacturers have already  switched production and produced kits without the device that limits  total lamp consumption to 190 watts or less.   Lighting manufacturers have informed me that the limiting device has  been a major source of product failure and that, due to the vast gains  in lightbulb technology and a huge drop in the price of highly  efficient bulbs, it is no longer necessary to have such a device to  keep consumption low.   Unfortunately, because the limiter requirement is tied by statute to  the date of enactment of the new standard, technically this bill that  is designed to ease regulatory burdens may inadvertently extend for an  additional year the 190-watt limiter requirement. I do not believe this  is the intent of this body or our colleagues on the other side of the  Capitol, in other words, the Senate.    I yield to the gentleman from Michigan.    Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I thank the chairman  for confirming that the provisions  [[Page H1661]]  of S. 2030 are not intended to delay the change to the 190-watt limiter  requirement.   Mr. Speaker, I believe ceiling fan lighting kit manufacturers have  acted in good faith in the run-up to the change in the standard and  that they should not be penalized for producing light kits without the  190-watt limiting device.   In my view, DOE should take whatever steps are necessary to revise  its rules to allow these otherwise compliant kits to be sold and should  take no enforcement actions against manufacturers solely because a kit  fails to include the 190-watt limiting device.   That doesn't mean the Department should stop all enforcement to  ensure compliance with standards for these kits, but it should  specifically forgo action against companies for failing to include a  limiting device.   Mr. Speaker, I ask if the chairman shares my view.    I yield to the gentleman from Michigan.    Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I want to thank the  chairman for his indulgence in this important clarification of  legislative intent.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank the chairman and commend my  colleagues in both Chambers, specifically Mr. Hudson and Mr.  Butterfield, for working on this bill. The legislation enjoys support  from both sides of the aisle on this committee; and, in fact, the House  version of the bill, H.R. 3477, passed both the Energy Subcommittee and  the full Energy and Commerce Committee by a voice vote with almost no  debate. Similarly, the Senate companion, which is before us now, passed  that body by unanimous consent. I hope that we can do the same today  and swiftly send this to the President's desk for his signature.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the  passage of S. 2030.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   