 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I am heartbroken at the loss of Louise Slaughter, who  was a dear friend and a beloved colleague. I first met Louise when she  was elected to the New York State Assembly in 1982, and Eliot Engel and  Louise Slaughter and I sat next to each other on the Assembly floor.  She was only with us in the Assembly for 4 years and then she came  here. I trailed her by another 6 years.   She always was a champion of upstate New York, which caused people to  do a double take when they heard her southern lilt. She was a champion  of so many things before their time. She was a champion for women's  rights. She was a passionate leader as co-chair of the Pro-Choice  Caucus for many years. She protected the freedom of every woman to  live, work, and start a family on her own terms.   She was, as you have heard, the chairman at one point, the leading  Democrat on the House Rules Committee. She was tough, determined, and  compassionate, and she was a fighter. She was a fighter for the  vulnerable and those without a voice.   She was a microbiologist before she came into politics. And she left  a lasting imprint of that with her Genetic Information  Nondiscrimination Act when we started to get the ability to deal with  the genomics. She understood before anybody else the potentials for  good and for bad, and she wrote and eventually got into law the Genetic  Information Nondiscrimination Act so people wouldn't be discriminated  against on the basis of their genetic traits.   She wrote the STOCK Act, to prohibit Congress Members from trading on  inside knowledge, which not every Member of Congress was thrilled with.  But she was more than just her legislative accomplishments. She was a  gracious and true friend who brought joy and laughter into every room,  and she had a great sense of humor.   When she ran for Congress the first time, she ran against an  incumbent who, being in the minority party at that time, was in the  habit of voting ``no'' on a lot of things. And she labeled him in the  campaign as the ``Abominable No-Man.'' So she had a sense of humor  which other people appreciated, and she will long be remembered for her  sense of humor, for her decency, her humanity, and her tireless,  fearless work for everyone.   The Halls of the Capitol feel diminished without her. And I have  realized over the last few weeks how lucky we all were to know her, to  work with her, to call her a friend. We will always miss her, and this  institution will be diminished by her absence.   