 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today, as millions of Americans in  Illinois and across the Nation finish filing their taxes, I come to the  floor to discuss the most recent tax reform bill considered by the U.S.  Senate and House of Representatives.   Last year, Republicans followed through with their promise and used a  special procedural approach called reconciliation, which allowed them  to bring a tax reform plan to the floor outside of regular order and  without committee hearings and the ordinary amendment-invoked process.  Democrats were not really participants in this but only observers,  under the reconciliation process. That tax plan has now become the law  of the land, and now we know what it is doing. It has created a massive  tax giveaway to the largest multinational corporations, to the  wealthiest corporate CEOs, and to well-connected campaign donors.   In passing this plan, Republicans said that if they could just cut  taxes enough for large corporations, these corporations would invest in  America, give breaks to their employees, and create more employment.  The benefits of these tax breaks to the corporations supposedly would  trickle down to workers in the form of higher wages, and the economy  would explode, creating new jobs.   The tax plan was voted on favorably by every Republican in the U.S.  Senate, and it added $1.5 trillion to the national debt, to fund these  massive corporate tax cuts. So what did the corporations do with their  tax cut benefits? They turned around and took their taxpayer-funded tax  cut and gave their wealthy CEOs and shareholders a raise. So far, in  2018, large corporations have announced over $235 billion in stock  buybacks--far outpacing the rate of companies announcing one-time  bonuses for their workers. Not only that, but more than 100,000  employees in large corporations have actually been terminated. You  couldn't get further from tax relief for working families if you tried.   It gets worse. The Congressional Budget Office reported last week  that the Republican tax plan will actually cost another $300 billion  beyond the $1.5 trillion estimate. Our children and grandchildren will  pay off the cost of this tax cut for the wealthiest people in America  and the largest corporations. So much for the promise that these tax  cuts would pay for themselves. It will cost us roughly $1.9 trillion  over 10 years for these tax cuts for major corporations and wealthy  people. This is a burden our children and grandchildren will bear.   So what are we hearing now when it comes to the budget? Just last  week, after seeing that the plan they voted for was expected to add  $1.9 trillion to the deficit, Republican Tennessee Senator Corker said:  ``If it ends up costing what has been laid out here, it could well be  one of the worst votes I've made.''   The so-called fiscal conservatives here in the Senate didn't seem as  concerned about the deficit when they  [[Page S2197]]  were voting for a 10-figure increase that would go to cut taxes for  wealthy people and large corporations. But make no mistake--as  predictably as night follows day, we now have a renewed call in the  House of Representatives for a budget amendment--a constitutional,  balanced budget, ``stop me before I sin again'' amendment. Now that  Republicans have exploded the deficit, the absolutely vital public  assistance programs like Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid are  now at risk. If there is a balanced budget amendment, they have said  that we have to get to the basic programs like Social Security,  Medicare, and Medicaid to make up the difference. I think it is  unconscionable to give tax breaks to people who are well off and  comfortable and then to cut the basics of human existence for many  senior citizens in Social Security and Medicare.   The devastating first act of the Republican tax plan and fiscal  conservatives, as they define it, has exploded our Nation's deficit and  provided enormous benefit to those who, frankly, don't need it. We  can't let the second act be a balanced budget constitutional amendment  that will end up pillaging the basic programs that help low- and  middle-income Americans the most in the name of fiscal responsibility.    I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. Duckworth)  is necessarily absent.   