 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to raise concerns both  about the next vote we will take--a vote that will or will not confirm  President Trump's nominee Brian Benczkowski to be the Assistant  Attorney General of the Criminal Division of the U.S. Department of  Justice--and to express my concern about our President's actions at the  NATO summit and his upcoming meeting with Vladimir Putin, the President  of the Russian Federation.   Let me start with Mr. Benczkowski. I come to the floor to speak in  opposition to our proceeding to his confirmation. Mr. Benczkowski has  been nominated to serve as an Assistant Attorney General and will be in  charge of the Criminal Division at the U.S. Department of Justice.   How big of a division is that--10, 50, 100? It actually has 900  employees and 600 career Federal prosecutors. The U.S. Department of  Justice takes up, handles, investigates, and prosecutes cases of an  unbelievable range, complexity, and sophistication in every district  court in the entire United States. One would have to assume that to  take on such a significant--such an important--role as overseeing,  supervising, and managing 900 professionals and 600 career prosecutors  that Mr. Benczkowski must be very qualified to serve.   As someone who is himself an admitted member of the Delaware bar and  serves on the Judiciary Committee, I hesitate to suggest that I have  the qualifications because I have never tried a criminal case in court,  so I am not sure how I would directly supervise a whole team of career  Federal prosecutors. Mr. Benczkowski has never prosecuted a case. He  has never supervised a criminal prosecution. In fact, he has not ever  appeared in Federal court, by his own admission, except for on one or  two limited occasions in order to address routine scheduling or other  matters.   Mr. Benczkowski is before us, in his having been nominated to  supervise the single largest, most complex, most sophisticated law firm  in America for criminal matters on behalf of the people of the United  States, without his having the relevant experience. In my view, that  alone is disqualifying. That alone should lead us to pause in terms of  whether we should confirm this man to lead the Criminal Division as the  Assistant AG.   Virtually all of the last several Senate-confirmed Assistant  Attorneys General for the Criminal Division have had extensive prior  experience as prosecutors, as former U.S. attorneys, as career or  elected folks who have either been within the Department of Justice or  have been attorneys general. This is for good reason, for the Federal  Government holds enormous power and discretion when it comes to  criminal prosecutions. The Assistant Attorney General is responsible  for overseeing offices that investigate and prosecute money laundering,  fraud, organized crime, public corruption, and a host of other serious  offenses. It is that AAG who ultimately signs off on some of the  edgiest or most difficult or most questionable prosecutorial decisions.  Every American should expect that the person who is nominated for this  important job is qualified to meet the weighty demands of this job.   Secondly, every American is entitled to the assurance that the  Department of Justice will be independent and that criminal  prosecutions will rise and fall with the facts and the law and nothing  else. Sadly, Mr. Benczkowski fails to pass this test too.   He led the Department of Justice's transition team for the Trump  administration. He previously served with our now-Attorney General and  former Senator Jeff Sessions. Yet, after leaving the transition team  for the Trump  [[Page S4896]]  administration, he went on to private practice in a law firm where he  represented Alfa-Bank, which is one of the largest Russian banks. It is  a Russian bank which, through its owner, a Russian oligarch, has close  ties to Vladimir Putin.   At times, it is hard for me to believe how many people immediately  around the President, his Cabinet, his campaign team, or around him  personally have had concerning, inexplicable, difficult-to-understand  ties to Russian entities, but here we are again. To be frank, I am  concerned that Mr. Benczkowski's position--if confirmed by this Senate  in just 5 minutes in a vote we are about to take--could enable him to  directly interfere with Special Counsel Mueller's ongoing investigation  into Russian interference.   I have raised concerns about this, about ensuring that Attorney  General Sessions fully complies with his recusal from matters related  to the last election. Adding Mr. Benczkowski to the mix in his  absolutely central role as the Assistant Attorney General who will  oversee the Criminal Division raises these concerns even further.  Adding another senior person to the Justice Department's leadership  team who raises these concerns about real independence gives me real  pause.   I joined all of the Senate Judiciary Committee Democrats in a letter  that asked the administration to move Mr. Benczkowski to some other  position and to send us a qualified, capable nominee who does not have  concerning Russian connections. Unfortunately, the administration  hasn't done that. My friends on the other side of the aisle seem poised  to confirm this gentleman today.   