 Mr. Speaker, we have heard some outrageous  arguments from our colleagues on the other side in the last hour or so.  I have heard things like the argument that this is unnecessarily  legislating medical standards. They said that this should be a matter  of medical judgment. Really?   A commitment to the sanctity of every single human life is essential  to who we are as Americans and, more fundamental than that, who we are  as human beings.   They have also argued that this is a solution in search of a problem,  but they ignore the data. According to the CDC, between 2003 and 2014,  588 of the infant deaths reported included a record that the cause of  death was ``termination of pregnancy affecting a fetus and a newborn.''  The CDC acknowledges that this could be an underestimate.    I can tell you from my own experience, firsthand, over two decades  litigating against the abortion industry in Louisiana that that  industry always underreports their numbers of terminations and,  certainly, their complications.   Just yesterday, I spoke with my friend Brandi in Baton Rouge. She is,  herself, a survivor of a failed abortion attempt. She was left to die,  and now she lives with severe disabilities because of that. She is a  passionate advocate for life. Mr. Speaker, every single one of us  should be.   The most important responsibility of a just government is to defend  the defenseless. With the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act,  it is necessary to protect the most vulnerable in our society, and I  urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the legislation.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms.  Jackson Lee) for a unanimous consent request.  [[Page H501]]    (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to revise and extend  her remarks.)   Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the opposing of the  rule and opposing of H.R. 4712 to support the right of a woman to  choose and to support loving families.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the Rule and the  underlying bill.   I strongly oppose this latest attempt by the Republican House  majority to limit women's rights to safe and legal abortions.   H.R. 4712 amends the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act--a 2002 law  that the pro-choice community did not oppose.   This bill, however, adds penalties to the law and an entirely new  section in which Congress attempts to intrude directly into medical  practice of abortion care for anti-choice ideological purposes.   Anti-choice lawmakers say this new bill is necessary because some  babies ``survive'' abortion procedures.   They cite the now-discredited videos attacking Planned Parenthood as  their evidence.   Of course, such allegations are untrue: newborns already have many  legal protections, and there is no similarity between safe, legal  abortion care and infanticide.   This bill is a solution in search of a problem.   No evidence of lawbreaking has been uncovered that necessitates  congressional involvement.   Abortion practice is safe, legal, and humane; any evidence of  wrongdoing can and should be handled under existing law.   If there is ever a case of harm or mistreatment of newborns, then of  course, it should be investigated and prosecuted.   No such case exists here.   That makes it even clearer that H.R. 4712 must have other purposes;  we believe the bill's true goals are to inflame the public with  outrageous accusations, to interfere with medical care, and to  intimidate doctors out of practice.   This legislation is consistent with the assaults that the Trump  Administration and anti-abortion members of Congress in both the House  and Senate have been undertaking throughout the 115th Congress and show  no signs of ending.   The bill intrudes into medical practice, its mandate is so broad and  the penalties so severe--up to five years in prison and the threat of  financially crippling lawsuits--that one can only conclude that H.R.  4712 hopes to intimidate abortion providers out of practice.   This interference in medical care could also cause tremendous  additional grief to some families making difficult decisions in  heartbreaking cases.   We would not tolerate similar intrusion by politicians into any other  medical specialty; abortion care is no different.   Finally, it is important to put this legislation into the proper  context.   We are in the midst of an unprecedented assault against reproductive  rights: this bill is just one in a litany to restrict a woman's right  to choose while using women as political pawns with an extremist, anti- choice base.   Instead of spending time attempting to roll back women's  constitutionally protected rights, this House should be advancing  legislation that will reform our truly broken immigration and criminal  justice systems.   The bill before us is offered for a simple purpose; to sensationalize  opposition to abortion and serve as a political decoy to shut down our  government.   The United States Supreme Court ruled over 40 years ago, in Roe v.  Wade (410 U.S. 113 (1973)), that a woman's constitutional right to  privacy includes her right to abortion.   Since this landmark decision, abortion rates and risks have  substantially declined, as have the number of teen and unwanted  pregnancies.   Restricting all access to reproductive and women's health services  only exacerbates a woman's risk of an unintended pregnancy and fails to  accomplish any meaningful overthrow of Roe v. Wade.   In recent years, state policymakers have passed hundreds of  restrictions on abortion care under the guise of protecting women's  health and safety.   Fights here in Congress have been no different.   In my state of Texas a law that would have cut off access to 75  percent of reproductive healthcare clinics in the state was challenged  before the U.S. Supreme Court in 2014 and 2015.   On October 2, 2014, the Supreme Court struck down as unconstitutional  a Texas law that required that all reproductive healthcare clinics that  provided the full range of services would be required to have a  hospital-style surgery center building and staffing requirements.   This requirement meant that only 7 clinics would be allowed to  continue to provide a full spectrum of reproductive healthcare to  women.   Texas has 268,580 square miles only second in size to the state of  California.   The impact of the law in implementation would have ended access to  reproductive services for millions of women in my state.   In 2015, the State of Texas once again threatened women's access to  reproductive health care when it attempted to shutter all but 10  healthcare providers in the state of Texas.   The Supreme Court once again intervened on the behalf of Texas women  to block the move to close clinics in my state.   It seems every month we are faced with a new attack on women's access  to reproductive health care, often couched in those same terms.   But we know that's not really the case.   If my colleagues were so concerned about women's health and safety,  they would be promoting any one of the number of evidence-based  proactive policies that improve women's health and well-being.   Instead, they are attacking Planned Parenthood in a back-handed  attempt to ban abortion.   That is their number one priority. This is certainly not about  protecting women's health, it's about politics.   Just as the 1988 Human Fetal Tissue Transplantation Research Panel  (or the Blue Ribbon Commission) sought to separate the question of  ethics of abortion from the question ethics of using fetal tissue from  legal elective abortions for medical research when laying the  foundation for the 1993, NIH Health Revitalization Act (which passed  overwhelmingly with bipartisan support), we must separate the personal  views of abortion from the legal issues of federal compliance.   Namely, the NIH Health Revitalization Act prohibits the payment or  receipt of money or any other form of valuable consideration for fetal  tissue, regardless of whether the program to which the tissue is being  provided is funded or not.   A limited exception, and crux of the applicable issue of legality,  lies with the provision allowing for reimbursement for actual expenses  (e.g. storage, processing, transportation, etc.) of the tissue.   Planned Parenthood repeatedly maintains and supports that their  affiliates involved with fetal tissue research comply with this  requirement.   In fact, of the 700+ affiliate health care centers across the  country, only 4 Planned Parenthood affiliates currently offer tissue  donation services and of those 4, only 2 (California and Washington)  offer fetal tissue donation services--that's 1 percent of all Planned  Parenthood service centers.   The California affiliate receives a modest reimbursement of $60 per  tissue specimen and the Washington affiliate receives no reimbursement.   It is worth noting that fetal tissue has been used for decades.   Since the 1920's researchers have used fetal tissue to study and  treat various neurological disorders, spinal cord injuries, diabetes,  immune deficiencies, cancers and life-threatening blood diseases.   One of the earliest advances with fetal tissue was to use fetal  kidney cells to create the first poliovirus vaccines, which are now  estimated to save 550,000 lives worldwide every year.   The most widely known application in the field of human fetal tissue  transplantation has been the Treatment of Parkinson's disease.   Many of our other common vaccines, such as polio, measles, chicken  pox, rubella and shingles, have been developed through the use of fetal  tissue or cell lines derived from fetal tissue.   When looking at the 1 percent of health care providers involved in  fetal tissue donation and research, and no clear credible proof of  illegal activity, it is obvious that attacks on Planned Parenthood are  wholly misguided.   Planned Parenthood has one of the most rigorous Medical standards and  accreditation processes in the country.   It is the only national provider that has developed a single set of  evidence-based Medical Standards and Guidelines that define how health  care is provided throughout the country.   Guidelines are developed and updated annually by a group of  nationally-renowned experts, physicians, and scientists, including  medical experts from Harvard and Columbia.   Planned Parenthood affiliates must submit to accreditation reviews  that include 100 indicators (or high level areas of review) and over  600 individual Elements of Performance (or measures for review). Half  of these relate to the provision of medical care and patient safety.   Planned Parenthood has strict requirements regarding compliance with  all federal, state, and local laws and regulations. A specific area of  compliance is with mandatory reporting laws and regulations regarding  reporting in instances where the welfare of a minor is endangered.   All staff with patient contact are rigorously trained regarding  compliance with federal, state and local laws and regulations governing  service to minors.  [[Page H502]]    Violations of mandatory reporting regulations are subject to  disciplinary action, up to and including termination.   It is no secret that the Center for Medical Progress is an extreme  anti-choice organization with a goal of outlawing legal abortion  procedures in this country.   To achieve that goal, they have shamelessly targeted Planned  Parenthood and the funding that provides healthcare services to  millions of women every year.   They continue to use deceptive tactics and secret videos to try and  undermine Planned Parenthood.   Just like Live Action, the Center for Medical Progress is not a group  that can be taken credibly.   The Center for Medical Progress is simply recreating a history of  doctoring and manipulating video intended to create misimpressions  about Planned Parenthood.   It is a coordinated effort by anti-choice forces--not only on Planned  Parenthood or a woman's right to choose, but on women's health care  across the board.   At the same time, national media is reporting about a major  coordinated push by anti-choice groups and Members of Congress to  defund Planned Parenthood.   This coordinated effort to defund Planned Parenthood is an assault on  all progressive health care, service, and advocacy organizations who  aim to provide vital care and services to women and men across this  country.   The public is standing by Planned Parenthood, which plays a vital  role in defending women's health and rights.   Hundreds of thousands have already spoken up, including leading  groups and communities such as the growing voice of our millennial  generation.   My colleagues should be doing more to connect our youth and women to  services that help them reduce their risk of unintended pregnancies and  STD's, and improve their overall health through preventative  screenings, education and planning, rather than restricting their  access to lawfully entitled family planning and private health  services.   I urge all Members to vote against the rule and the underlying bill.   