 Mr. President, I come to the Senate this evening to talk  about the nominees who will be up for a confirmation vote.   The first of those is Ric Grenell. Ric is being nominated to serve as  our Ambassador to Germany during an important time, not just with the  danger and volatility around the world but with our relationship with  Germany. Ric is well qualified, and I think it is urgent that we get  him confirmed.   Ric Grenell was actually nominated last fall. He was reported out of  the Foreign Relations Committee with a positive vote on October 26,  2017. So for 6 months, he has been in limbo, even after getting  reported out of committee. He has been blocked by just a couple of  Democrats--I think maybe just one--and this body has not had a chance  to vote on him.   That is why I was pleased to see today that the majority leader filed  cloture, and that is why we will get a vote this week on Mr. Grenell. I  assume that he will get supported by a majority of this body, but I  hope it is not just a bare majority because I think he is very  qualified for the position.   He is someone who has a lot of experience in diplomacy and  international issues. In 2001, he was appointed by President George W.  Bush to serve as Director of Communications and Public Diplomacy for  the U.S. Permanent Representative to the United Nations. In this role,  he advised four of our Ambassadors--John Negroponte, John Danforth,  John Bolton, and Ambassador Khalilzad--on the formulation and  articulation of U.S. policy at the United Nations. He was also  appointed by John Danforth to be the Alternative Representative of the  United States to the U.N. Security Council with full voting rights and  privileges. He served as spokesman there during a turbulent time, an  important time. But he also did more than that. He was appointed to be  a U.S. delegate to a variety of United Nations conferences over the  years, including the Financing for Development Conference, the World  Food Summit, the World Summit on Sustainable Development, the Iraq  Donor Conference, the Preparatory Committee for the Nuclear Non- Proliferation Treaty Review, the High-Level Meeting on Ending HIV/AIDS,  and the Commission on Population and Development, among many others.   He has moderated a lot of United Nations panel discussions over the  years on subjects ranging from Children and Armed Conflict to post-war  construction issues, clean energy solutions that my colleague was  talking about a moment ago. He is up to speed on the world's pressing  issues, so he is very well qualified to be an Ambassador representing  the United States.   He has also been an active speaker, speaking on topics around the  country that relate to crisis communications, the United Nations, and  international issues ranging from Sudan to North Korea and Middle  Eastern issues.   He has been on a lot of TV programs. This is one reason he has  generated some controversy on the other side. Yes, he has spoken his  mind on occasion, but he is also someone, again, if you look at his  qualifications and experience and his abilities--as he did for  President George W. Bush--to be a team player and work with the team to  communicate clearly, he is an excellent candidate to be a U.S.  Ambassador to just about anywhere but particularly to a country as  important as Germany.   He received his master's degree in public administration from Harvard  University's John F. Kennedy School of Government.   Finally, I would say the timing is really important. One reason it is  key that we vote this week is that we need an Ambassador to Germany.   Over the Easter break I was in Germany. I was meeting with our troops  over there on a factfinding mission. We have a lot of American troops  in Germany still. We were looking at some of the weapons systems that  have been developed in my home State of Ohio and how they are working.  The people I talked to--our U.S. military officers but also German  officials and others--were saying that it is important to have American  leadership in Germany right now with all that is going on, with what is  happening in Ukraine--Germany is a key player in keeping the European  Union together--what is happening in the Middle East, where they play  an important role, and what is happening in terms of our economy and  trade issues. I heard from everyone: Why don't you send an ambassador  over here? So it is time we do it.   Finally, there is a particular urgency this week, because Chancellor  Merkel  [[Page S2380]]  is actually coming for a visit to Washington later this week. I think  she will be here on Friday at the White House in meetings, and wouldn't  it be great if we were to confirm this qualified Ambassador to  represent our interests in Germany and to begin the process of  improving our relationship with Germany and deepening that  relationship.   I hope we have the opportunity to have this vote in the next couple  of days, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to take a  look at Ric Grenell's background. I don't think you will find one of  the Ambassadors who is a noncareer Foreign Service person to be a  better person on some of these tough foreign policy issues, and I think  he will do an excellent job for us in Germany.   