 Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Cuellar).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Correa).    Mr. Chair, I would inquire of the gentleman  if he as any more speakers.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Illinois (Mr. Lipinski).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Chair, we have no further speakers.   I urge adoption of the amendments en bloc, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have no speakers on this. I  urge adoption of the en bloc amendment, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the en bloc  package, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I, too, want to thank all the people who worked to put  together this product. As always, our committee, I think, was a fine  example, both of how to legislate and how to do it in a bipartisan way,  starting at the committee process, starting with the chairman's mark.   As the chairman has mentioned, just about everybody in this House has  contributed to this product, either in committee or once we got to the  Rules Committee with the amendments that they offered.   It took an extraordinary amount of work on behalf of the Members,  but, most importantly, on behalf of staff to sift through all of those  amendments, to reach agreements where they could, to set up reasonable  debate where they couldn't, and they did an outstanding job.   This is the best staff I have ever worked with. They do an amazing  job.   And we all have to remember the baseline reason why we are doing  this. As the authorizing bill for the Department of Defense, this is  the bill that sets the policy that helps the men and women who fight  and serve to protect our country. So it is an incredibly important  task.   I want to particularly thank the chairman. It has been a great  working relationship this year, as always. I think we have an excellent  product. I look forward to getting it passed today and going to  conference with the Senate.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition,  although I am not opposed.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Frankel).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my  time.   