 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. This is a  rich conversation. I am hearing my colleagues saying: We are almost out  of time. We have to reauthorize the program. We can't let it expire.   The truth is, we have known for months that this program was going to  expire. We have known. And many of us have tried to go to those who  have disagreed on any kind of flood reform to craft a deal, to craft a  compromise, but, lo and behold, there was no willingness to come  together and find a compromise on flood reform.   It was: No, no. We want to come to the very end and pretend like it  is a crisis and we have to extend the program because we can't put  people in harm's way.   By the way, this program puts people in harm's way. We know that  people don't want to flood, just like people don't want to get in a car  crash and they don't want their house to burn. But if 2 times, 4 times,  10 times someone's house burns, we might say: Hey, we have got a  problem with that. Maybe we should look at where you are living.   If someone gets in a car crash 2 times, 5 times, 10 times, 15 times,  we might say: Hey, you have got a problem, maybe, with your driving.   But with flood insurance, we say: Listen, you can flood 1 time, 5  times, 10 times--and guess what? You can flood 10 times, 15 times, and  your premiums don't go up at all. You are grandfathered in.   When my daughter crashed our car twice, guess what happened to my  premiums? They went through the roof. But with flood insurance, your  premiums don't go up.   Let's fix this program. There are commonsense reforms that we can  implement. We are not asking for the bill that I introduced last year.  We have said: Hey, maybe we can look at the severe repetitive loss  properties, the ones that are only 3 percent of those in the NFIP but  account for 25 percent of the losses. Maybe we could address those  properties.   Maybe we could find some little bit of reform that could make the  program work better. It is $20.5 billion in debt, and we already  forgave $16 billion in debt. It is under water, to use a pun.   Let's work on fixing it. Let's help people get out of harm's way.  Reform does that, Mr. Speaker. Let's get it done.   