 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me.  Today, I rise with my fellow Texas colleagues to share some examples of  how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is helping hardworking Texans and their  families.   Our bold progrowth tax reform bill was signed into law just 67 days  ago. Since then, more than 4 million Americans have seen some  combination of a wage boost, a bonus, or enhanced employee benefits.  Businesses with footprints in the 17th Congressional District, the  district that I am honored to represent, such as Apple, Best Buy,  Cognizant, CVS, FedEx, Home Depot, Lowe's, Starbucks, U-Haul, UPS,  Walmart, Waste Management, and Visa have passed on some of the savings  that they are getting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on to their  employees.   Additionally, we know that there are plenty of other small and large  businesses in Texas that are doing the same. Another great example of  the benefits to central Texas families is Oncor Electric, which serves  about 3.4 million homes and businesses in Texas, including seven  counties in the 17th Congressional District. They have agreed to return  all of the tax cut benefits to their customers in the form of lower  energy bills.   Now that Federal tax withholding tables have been updated to reflect  the lower tax rates, many Texans are taking home bigger paychecks. In  the 17th Congressional District, a typical working class family of four  will see a tax cut of $1,885. This very welcome influx of cash helped  central Texans have a chance to save and a chance to get ahead.   I am also proud to represent a district that includes a significant  footprint of Texas' best research institutions, including Texas A&M  University, Baylor University, and the University of Texas at Austin.   Our new progrowth tax system provides support for graduate students  by continuing to exempt the value of reduced and free tuition from  taxes. This is something that I fought hard to preserve so that we can  continue to have the best and brightest students as they educate and  pursue important research initiatives in the 21st century and in the  State of Texas.   Mr. Speaker, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is doing exactly what we set  out to do, which is to help create more jobs, bigger paychecks, and  fairer taxes for hardworking American families. I thank the gentlewoman  from California (Mrs. Mimi Walters); the gentleman from Michigan (Mr.  Mitchell); and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Brady), chairman of the  House Ways and Means Committee, for leading this great discussion  tonight on the positive changes that have been brought about through  the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I look forward to learning more about, and  sharing, these important success stories with the citizens from my  district.   As I close, I ask that all Americans continue to pray for our country  during these difficult times, for the families of the victims in  Florida, the recent Florida shootings, for our military men and women  who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who  protect us at home.   