 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here today with my colleague Senator  Capito to talk about something that is getting a lot of attention but  needs even more attention from this Congress, which is the opioid  epidemic--the epidemic the President has rightly called a crisis, and  he then turned to Congress and said: Find the money to solve the  problem. We have been doing a substantial amount of that, but I think  we see a clear desire here and in all of our States to find a better  solution.   This is an issue that has hit every town in America, small and large,  I believe. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,  over 40,000 people died from an opioid overdose. This is a fraction of  the people who had an opioid overdose. These are the people who died  from an opioid overdose in 2016, 40,000 people; over 90 Americans every  single day. It was a 28-percent increase over 2015 and a dramatic  increase over where we were just 10 years before.   Opioid overdoses now surpass car accidents as the No. 1 accidental  cause of death in the country. Both of our States and our surrounding  States, I think almost every one of them, have had more overdose deaths  in 2016--and an increased number, I think, in 2017--than car accident  deaths. The Centers for Disease Control estimates the economic burden  of this epidemic is almost $80 billion a year.   We have just gone through a tax discussion, an economic growth  discussion. When we were talking about billions of dollars, seldom were  we talking about $80 billion to do something with or to stop doing  something with, but the economic cost of all of this--lost  productivity, addiction, the crime related to that addiction--the CDC  says $78.5 billion a year is now the cost.   We are both appropriators. The members of the Appropriations  Committee have looked at this carefully. Our colleagues have had a  chance to confront this issue in our committee head-on. We brought  bills to the floor that have passed and made a big difference in a  [[Page S147]]  short period of time. Over the past 2 years, not counting what we hope  to do this year, the committee has increased opioid funding by over  $900 million, nearly a 200-percent increase for the Department of  Health and Human Services--more money for justice, more money for the  Department of Veterans Affairs.   This funding is focused on developing alternatives for pain  management, giving our State, Federal, and local law enforcement  partners the tools they need to combat opioid trafficking, ensuring  first responders we are working to see that there are better ways to  respond with opioid reversal.   One of the things we have seen recently is that opioids of all kinds  are now laced with new drugs like fentanyl, and you don't even know  what you are taking. Narcan, the former way to deal with this and still  the most effective way to deal with this--you think you have dealt with  a problem, and the dose is so strong, the same person in just a few  minutes lapses back into another seizure, attack, that has often been  fatal. Even though people are there and the traditional way to respond  is there, it isn't enough for what is going on now.   One thing you would have to tell anybody doing this is, it is  unlikely you have any real idea what you are putting into your system.  What you think was a narcotic high the day before could easily kill you  the next day. We have been looking for better ways to monitor programs  so prescriptions in West Virginia and Missouri--they are both States  where, in some counties, the number of prescriptions people have been  walking into the pharmacist with are just ridiculous.   The committee that funds the Department of Health and Human  Services--that is the committee we are both on--in the last 2 years, we  have increased funding by 1,300 percent, $745 million--13 times more  than we were spending just 2 years ago. We have given grants to States,  in ways we haven't before, to look at specific State needs and ideas  they have to deal with this and then share. We have looked at  increasing Federal surveillance on how prescriptions are being written,  how drug stores are becoming the conduit, and how many substances are  coming through the mail to find new ways to determine whether this is  reasonable in the area these drugs are going into. We have looked at  ways to increase the tools necessary to communities and first  responders. We are talking right now to the National Institutes of  Health about what they can do on a number of fronts. One is to work  with the pharmaceutical companies themselves to develop alternatives to  the kind of pain management we have had.   Also, let me say on that front, we have gone through a period where  doctors and hospitals were too often graded on whether people had any  pain or not as opposed to whether they had pain they didn't understand,  pain that was unacceptable. More and more people ought to be saying, as  opposed to taking this potentially addictive drug, give me a dose that  is not as addictive, and maybe I am still more achy than I would be  otherwise, more pain than I would have otherwise, but I understand it  and am aware of it, and I am not in some cloud of no pain but not much  of anything else in terms of real quality of life.   We are looking at how we can work with these companies for pain  management. I have talked to the pharmaceutical companies. I think it  is time for them to step up, maybe in partnership with NIH, so there is  some Federal money to encourage more private sector money to find  alternatives that are less addictive and better understood, to find  more effective and affordable ways to respond. Just the amount of money  in the first responders' kits around the country, and local governments  paying for the Narcan, the more expensive injectable treatment--we need  to look for ways where that can be more available and in a way that  local governments have a better way to deal with this.   This needs to be dealt with locally. The first responder is going to  be a local person. If you are a fire department that also has first  responders, your department is three times more likely to go on an  overdose call than they are to go to a fire. That is where we are in  this situation today.   In trying to figure out what the impact really is at home--as we all  are trying to do--I had a meeting not too long ago with medical  professionals, with State officials, with emergency responders, in  Springfield, MO, to talk about how we deal with prevention, treatment,  and recovery. We talked about the critical partnership between local,  State, and Federal law enforcement and the dangers the first responders  themselves face. Sometimes what people are putting into their system is  so powerful and so addictive that walking into the room or touching the  clothing becomes a potentially great danger for the person who is there  to help you. I talked to doctors and hospitals about the challenges  they face in prescribing less habit-forming pain medications and how  patients are still not fully aware of the danger of dealing with pain  if you overdo it as you are dealing with pain.   I talked to one person who talked about his daughter who had just  gone to the dentist and got pain medicine and had no sense that the  pain medicine could be addictive and she should stop taking it when it  had done its job, whether or not it was when the last pill was gone.   Then, of course, there is a new issue of underprescribing. Nobody  likes to go back to the pharmacy twice to get the same prescription  they just got a few days ago, but giving people more pills than they  need to take themselves or have them sit in the medicine cabinet  doesn't make any sense.   In our State, there are large urban areas, but it also has a lot of  small and remote communities and, frankly, rural communities have been  hit particularly hard by this crisis. Certainly, West Virginia is a  State that understands this. There has been no more vigorous advocate  for funding and new ways to solve this problem than Senator Capito. I  am glad to be here with her today as we talk about this issue.   I can assure the people we work for that this is a top priority. It  has been a top priority for over 3 years now. The first 2 years showed  dramatic increases in the willingness we had to deal with this and the  breadth of how we deal with it, and that is one reason we need to move  on and get this funding bill, which should have been done by October 1,  done right now. As we get a new number to deal with, one of our  priorities will be the opioid epidemic, and one of the leaders in that  discussion will be the Senator from West Virginia, Mrs. Capito.   