 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today the Senate is considering one of the  most troubling executive branch nominations that this President has  made to date--the nomination of Brian Benczkowski to lead the Criminal  Division of the Justice Department.   For years, I have studied and have been aware of the Criminal  Division. This is an amazing nomination. I think it is enough to oppose  Mr. Benczkowski's nomination because he is objectively unqualified for  this important position, but there are also compelling reasons to  believe that it would be uniquely reckless to confirm him to this  position.   Now, speaking about Mr. Benczkowski's lack of qualifications for this  role is not meant to denigrate. Many of us know him, as I did, from his  service in the Judiciary Committee as the staff director for the then  Ranking Member Jeff Sessions. The fact is, this nominee to head the  Criminal Division has virtually no criminal law experience. Even at  this age, he has never tried a case. He has never served as a  prosecutor. He has almost zero courtroom experience. Instead, his  experience has been to serve as a political aide to various officials.    As a former prosecutor, I know there is no substitute for actual  courtroom experience, actually going into a courtroom and trying a  criminal case, arguing criminal cases on appeal, determining whether  you bring a charge or don't bring a charge. These are things an  experienced prosecutor has to do. For the last several decades, under  Republican and Democratic administrations, every head of a criminal  division--which is probably the most important litigating arm of the  Justice Department--has had substantial prosecutorial experience, with  the exception of one individual whose nomination I simply could not  support. This shouldn't be a partisan issue. I voted for nominees in  Republican administrations and in Democratic administrations because  they were qualified, and there are countless qualified prosecutors the  President could select.   For this reason alone, the Senate should not consent to Mr.  Benczkowski's nomination. But there are two other reasons, aside from  the fact that he has absolutely zero qualifications for this important  position. It is sort of like sending somebody in to do brain surgery  when their main experience has been clipping hedges. You have to have  some experience in there, but aside from the fact that he has no  experience, there are two other reasons he shouldn't be confirmed.   First, he has demonstrated, at a minimum, exceptionally poor judgment  when it comes to perhaps our Nation's most critical ongoing national  security investigation--the Russian Government's attack on our  democracy. We all know, if we have read the intelligence reports,  Russia attacked the U.S. democracy and vote in the last election.   After serving on Mr. Trump's transition team, Mr. Benczkowski  represented a Putin-connected Russian bank, Alfa-Bank, regarding its  bizarre server communications with the Trump organization during the  height of the Presidential campaign. Alfa-Bank was at the very center  of scrutiny into ties between the Trump campaign and Russia, even  making an appearance in the Steele dossier. Yet Mr. Benczkowski took on  Alfa-Bank as a client on an issue related to the Russia investigation  at the same time he was being considered for a senior position in the  Trump Justice Department, totally blinded to the obvious conflict of  interest. In fact, he continued to represent Vladimir Putin's connected  bank until the day he was formally nominated to lead the criminal  division.   Now, some have said we should give Mr. Benczkowski the benefit of the  doubt. Giving him the benefit of the doubt, you have to admit, at least  demonstrates an embarrassingly poor sense of judgment for someone who  is nominated to lead the Criminal Division to look into the criminal  activities of places like Alfa-Bank. Now, we find Mr. Benczkowski has  refused to recuse himself from matters related to the Russia  investigation or the Steele dossier.   You can't make these things up. It is just conflict of interest 101.  As Senator Durbin and Senator Whitehouse have warned, as head of the  Criminal Division, Mr. Benczkowski would therefore have visibility and  be able to look into investigations of individuals related to the Trump  campaign. He could serve as a conduit of information to the Attorney  General about these sensitive matters.   According to the Department of Justice, it is possible Special  Counsel Mueller's office ``will seek approvals from the Criminal  Division as required . . . or may simply want to consult with subject- matter experts in the Criminal Division as appropriate in the normal  course of department investigations,'' and who would have availability  to that? Mr. Benczkowski. He could even be in a position to share  secret grand jury information directly with the President.   What is also concerning is that if Mr. Benczkowski were to be  confirmed and Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein were then to be  removed, the President, under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, could  simply install Mr. Benczkowski as the Acting Attorney General, with  respect to the Russia investigation.   So what do we have? We have Mr. Benczkowski, under those  circumstances, gaining direct control over the special counsel's  investigation. He would even have the power to stop the special  counsel's probe. Gosh, we wonder, could that ever occur to someone at  the White House; that he could suddenly stop Mr. Mueller from his  investigations?   On qualifications, the man who is going to be head of the Criminal  Division has never tried a case, never handled any criminal matter,  never had anything to do with criminal matters. He is really  unqualified for this role by any objective measure. The only apparent  qualification that Mr. Benczkowski has is his close relationship with,  and political loyalty to, the Attorney General and the President. In  fact, that is likely the very reason he was nominated to this critical  position. That is all the more troubling given his terrible judgment  with respect to the Russia investigation. We are putting someone in who  has been involved as an attorney for a bank involved in this Russia  investigation.   Many of my fellow Republican Senators, to their credit, have stated  their commitment to ensuring that Special Counsel Mueller be allowed to  carry out his investigation independently and without political  interference. I hope they keep this commitment in mind when considering  Mr. Benczkowski's nomination. I hope they join me in voting no.  Apparently, his only qualification is he is going to be put in a  position where he could stymie Mueller's investigation of Russia.   I have voted for a lot of nominees, both Republicans and Democrats,  in this position because of their qualifications--not because of their  ideology but their qualifications. No President of either party has  ever nominated somebody for this critical position who is less  qualified. In fact, it is pretty hard to find anybody in this country  less qualified.   Mr. President, I see other Senators on the floor, so I yield to them.   