 Mr. President, in his confirmation hearing last January,  EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said there was evidence that climate  change had actually leveled off over the past two decades.   In response to Mr. Pruitt's comments, an atmospheric scientist in  California named Benjamin Santer pulled together some colleagues to  study satellite data from around the world. They found that Mr. Pruitt  was in fact wrong, and they prepared to publish their findings in  Nature Scientific Reports.   Then something pretty weird happened. A few of the scientists came  forward and said that they didn't want their names listed on the  research. They were worried about their ability to get a green card in  the United States. Mr. Santer told the New Yorker that this was the  first time in his life that he had seen his colleagues fear putting  their names on research because they were worried about the negative  consequences for themselves and their families.   In this country, scientists should not work in fear. They should not  worry about their work being politicized. But this is where we are, and  it is a moment that has been carefully planned by a small group of  people who do not want the United States to act on climate. Because of  these groups, the United States is home to the only major political  party that opposes climate action. Because of these groups, Scott  Pruitt--a man who denies that climate change is real and that it is  caused by humans--is running the Federal Agency charged with dealing  with climate change.   For too long, these groups have gone unchallenged, their web of  deceit untouched. So I am joining with my colleagues to shine a light  on these groups and how they have warped our ability to make good  choices.   The Heartland Institute was started in 1984, ostensibly by a group of  Libertarians. Each of their positions boils down to the idea that the  government has no role--not to work on ending tobacco use or to define  what health insurance should look like. But they are especially focused  on keeping the government from doing anything about climate change.   The Heartland Institute denies that climate change is happening, and  I disagree with them. Ninety-seven percent of all climate scientists  disagree with them. But they are not playing by the average think tank  rules because they are not your normal think tank. Over the years, the  Heartland Institute has gained a reputation for, as one website put it,  being a mouthpiece for the corporations who fund it, and their funders  are very, very hard to track because Heartland keeps its donations  secret. But we know that donors like the Koch brothers, ExxonMobil, and  the Mercers are some of Heartland's biggest funders, and these donors  just so happen to benefit from American inaction on climate.   If the government does what Heartland wants and stops protecting the  environment, these people will profit. It is almost as if the Heartland  Institute exists to promote the interests of its donors.   Last year, they mailed a package to hundreds of thousands of science  teachers. It had pamphlets, a DVD, and a book called ``Why Scientists  Disagree about Global Warming.'' The mass mailing was an effort to  disseminate fossil fuel industry talking points as curriculum for  science teachers. They tried to send it to every middle school, high  school, and college teacher in the country.   The institute has also done everything it can to defend Mr. Pruitt,  who is being investigated for a historic number of ethical lapses.  Heartland wrote a letter to the White House just recently that called  on the President to continue supporting Mr. Pruitt. The letter said the  10 ethical investigations into Mr. Pruitt amount to ``an orchestrated  political campaign by [the President's] enemies.''   Heartland also supports a new proposed EPA rule, and--get this one-- it is a new EPA rule that will restrict the use of scientific studies  in EPA decision making. It will restrict the use of science in EPA  decision making.   The American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American  Chemical Society, the American Lung Association, and the National  Council for Science and the Environment are some of the 50 science  organizations and higher education institutions that have opposed the  new rule. But the Heartland Institute is for this rule.   I want to be really clear about this. This isn't about someone having  a conservative ideology or different view from mine about what our  energy future ought to be. There is no leftwing equivalent of the  institute that acts like this. Brookings, the Center for American  Progress, and other left-leaning think tanks all have dissent within  their ranks, and even on the right, AEI and many others have legitimate  academic discussions within the context of their political philosophy.  That is not what this is. These other think tanks do not ignore  scientific facts because they are real think tanks. But Heartland is  not a think tank in any true sense of the word. Their work is focused  not on promoting analysis based on science but on trashing analysis  based on science. If you don't know that, then you can easily think  they are legitimate.   For example, the Heartland Institute sends a monthly newsletter about  climate issues to every legislator in the country--State and Federal.  It is actually a pretty good-looking product. This is a copy of it. It  is actually really well done and well laid out in color, so it is not  immediately obvious that this isn't even analysis. It looks like a  publication from a scientific institution.   The people they quote or rely on for data are almost always from  industry-supported think tanks funded by the same people. This month,  they highlighted one of their own policy analysts who said that  Oklahoma should not subsidize wind power because the industry can't  survive without subsidies. They claim that wind energy is far less  reliable and far more expensive than the power derived from fossil  fuel. Who benefits from that analysis?   The fact is that wind energy is now the largest source of reliable  electricity-generating capacity in the United States. In Oklahoma alone  at least 30 percent of all power consumption comes from wind farms, and  subsidies for fossil fuels are 40 times those for clean energy.   Also in their April newsletter, Heartland claims that natural gas has  little effect on global temperatures. But recent evidence shows that  methane emissions from oil and gas are vastly undercounted.   The temperature data on the back cover of this newsletter is from a  climate denier at the University of Alabama whose data is considered  unreliable and biased by the vast majority of the scientific community.  This is not normal intellectual dissent within the scientific  community. This is not normal political dissent about what our energy  future should be. These people are propagating propaganda. This is not  the work of a legitimate think tank. A legitimate think tank does not  ignore facts and evidence. It does not publish data from a climate  denier who is known in the science community for publishing work loaded  with errors.   They are pushing us away from science and from doing the hard work of  protecting and preserving our country's clean air and water so that a  few of their donors can continue to make as much money as possible.   I was pleased with President Macron's speech today. There was so much  he reminded us that we had in common, not just between America and  France but between Democrats and Republicans. As he reminded us of our  great history together, as he reminded us of our cultural exchange, as  he reminded us of our military cooperation, he also reminded us that  our great democracies believe in science. We have to believe in  science. We have to believe in expertise. It is absolutely appropriate.   The Presiding Officer and I do not share the same political  philosophy, but we have to share the same set of facts. That is what is  so damaging about a so-called think tank like Heartland. They are not  like AEI; they are not like CAP; they are not like Brookings. They are  not like any other  [[Page S2427]]  think tank in Washington, DC, that on the level, from the standpoint of  their own political philosophy and their own objectives, tries to get  the right answer. That is an absolutely appropriate function for an  institution to serve in this city, but what these guys do is not that.   I think it is very important that we draw a distinction between those  who are relying upon facts and science, and those who are not. That is  why I wanted to point out what Heartland is all about.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   