 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, before coming to Washington today, I went  to Annapolis. The Maryland General Assembly is in session. I had a  chance to meet with several of our regional delegations in the Maryland  General Assembly, our senators and members of the house, and obviously  the question that was asked the most is, What is happening in regard to  the Federal Government? What is happening in regard to the fiscal year  2018 budget? Will the government be funded past midnight tonight?   I must tell you, I was talking to both Democratic and Republican  members of the Maryland General Assembly, and there was a common  concern. You see, the Maryland General Assembly will shortly be  receiving from Governor Hogan the fiscal year 2019 budget. A good part  of any State's budget is the Federal funding programs. Neither the  State of Maryland nor any of our local jurisdictions had the fiscal  year 2018 budget, let alone a blueprint for likely action by Congress  for the fiscal year 2019 budget.   The budget should have been passed by October 1 of last year. That is  the beginning of the fiscal year. We have been operating under  continuing resolutions during the entire part of this year. In fact, we  have been operating under continuing resolutions for years, and it is  causing significant damage to this country.   The Republicans control the House, the Senate, and the White House,  and they can't pass a budget for our country. So when the Republican  leadership asked us in September of last year for a continuing  resolution to have more time to negotiate a budget for fiscal year  2018, we had no choice but to go along with the continuing resolution  to give more time. But then on three additional occasions the  Republican leadership has come forward saying: We need additional time.   I remember the debate we had in December before the holidays. The  leadership was very clear that this would be the last continuing  resolution that was going to be needed. They were close to working out  deals, et cetera, only to find out today that we are still no closer to  getting it resolved.   Here is the tragedy: Our agencies cannot exist on continuing  resolutions. They hit a point where they are no longer able to carry  out their mission in the best interests of the American people. We  heard that last night on the floor of the Senate when the  representative of the Department of Defense indicated that our Nation's  preparedness, readiness, cannot be maintained by a continuing  resolution with last year's budget.   You see, a continuing resolution does not reflect our current  priorities. It is where we were the last time we passed the budget,  which was over a year ago. Those are the spending priorities an agency  must comply with.   For the Department of Defense, a lot has happened during that period  of time. Look at what is happening in North Korea. Look at what is  happening with Russia. Look at what is happening around the world. Our  Department of Defense needs to have a current-year budget, not another  continuing resolution. We have to reach this decision.   So here is our concern: If we just continue to go along with these  continuing resolutions, we are going to hurt our national security. We  are going to hurt our agencies' ability to get their work done. It is  going to cost the taxpayers of this country more money, and they are  not going to get the services they need.   To me, there is an alternative to this date that we need to consider,  and that is, let's complete our work. I know we have a deadline of  midnight tonight. I know the government will shut down unless we get  something done. I must tell you, we should make sure the government  stays open. No one wins when there is a government shutdown. But we are  not doing anyone any favors if we don't commit ourselves to get the job  done.    What I would urge Leader McConnell to do is to allow us to vote on a  very short-term continuing resolution and keep us here over this  weekend; keep us here until we get the basics of the fiscal year 2018  budget complete. That, we can do.   We know that there have been reported conversations between the  leadership on the Appropriations Committee and the leadership in the  Senate and that there is a deal here. There is a deal that can be made,  but we have to have a deadline.   Here is the danger of another long-term CR, another month CR, without  having that. We hear that there is a group in the House of  Representatives that is controlling the debate over there. They don't  represent a majority in the House--far from it. They certainly don't  represent the views of the majority of the Members of the U.S. Senate  or the American people. But unless we have a deadline now and get this  done, we are going to be faced with the same concerns a month from now,  and we are not going to be able to get a budget done so that we can  deal with the problems of this country.   We should not have a shutdown. All of us should be committed to pass  a short-term CR to keep us here and avoid a government shutdown.  Everyone loses on a shutdown.   I have the honor of representing one of the largest numbers of  Federal employees of any State in the country. Maryland is the proud  home to many incredibly important Federal facilities and installations  and many talented Federal workers who are on the frontline of public  service. They work very hard for the American people every single day.  I am proud to represent them in the U.S. Senate.   Our Federal workforce has already sacrificed on behalf of our budget.  They have gone through too many continuing resolutions that compromise  their ability to get the job done. They have gone through too many  threats of sequestration, too many pay freezes or pay adjustments that  are inadequate, at additional costs to their pensions. They have  contributed. What they expect from us is to keep the government open  and to give them a budget so that they can get their mission done.   For the sake of our Federal workforce, let's keep the government  open.  [[Page S326]]  It is a real hardship if we miss this deadline. It is not without cost.  Let me make that clear to my colleagues.   If there is a government shutdown, hard-working Federal workers  aren't going to get a paycheck, yet they still have to make their  mortgage payments and support their families. Those who are not  excepted will go on unpaid leave. That is wrong.   People who depend on Federal contracts in order to keep their  businesses going will not have that assurance and will be faced with  the prospect of laying off workers.   Individuals who need government services are going to find it much  more difficult, if not impossible, to be able to get those Federal  services, whether it is tracking down a check they desperately need,  getting the type of assistance they need in order to process a concern  with the VA, or whether it is a matter of security and they need to  contact our government. All of that is going to be put at risk, and the  taxpayers of this country will be left holding the bill.   We have gone through government shutdowns before, and we have done  analyses each time, and every time it costs the taxpayers more. It  costs the taxpayers more.   All of us who are concerned about fiscal responsibility need to find  a path forward to make sure we don't shut down the Federal Government.  It makes no sense.   I have introduced legislation that I urge my colleagues to make sure  we pass. You may be surprised to find out that if we miss the deadline  and we go a few days and then we get it done, those Federal workers who  are put on furlough will not be paid for our negligence in not keeping  the Federal Government open. That is not right. Each time we have  corrected that by legislation, but there shouldn't be that uncertainty  for the Federal workforce.   I urge my colleagues to pass the legislation I have authored. I have  the support of over 20 of my colleagues who have cosponsored this  legislation to make sure that our Federal workforce knows they will  receive their full compensation.   It is also important that we move forward on getting this budget done  and getting work done. If we just take the House's approach and we say  ``OK, everything is fine,'' we will be back in 28 days, and we will see  this movie again. We have issues that cannot wait to be resolved. We  have to resolve these issues.   There are a lot of issues out there, but the one that has gotten a  good deal of attention is the Dreamers. This shouldn't be a problem. I  agree with some of my colleagues who say: Where is the problem? Well,  the problem was created by the President of the United States last  September when he set a 6-month deadline on the removal of the  Dreamers.   We didn't have a problem until then. We needed to fix our immigration  system; don't get me wrong. But we didn't have a date on the backs of  individuals who know no other country but the United States. As to  their shelf life here in the United States, we didn't have that until  the President initiated this problem.   When the President did that in September, I applauded colleagues on  both sides of the aisle, Democrats and Republicans, who said: Let us  come together and fix it in the legislation. We need that, and I agree  with that. We should have legislation for the Dreamers, so they have a  pathway to citizenship and know that America is their home and their  future is here. That should be done.   We had bipartisan legislation ready to go. We were ready to move  forward on it, only to find out that while the President said that he  was for legislation, he then said: Well, we have to deal with other  issues. I have this wall I am concerned about and border security I am  concerned about.   So the bipartisan group entered into good-faith negotiations with the  President, and they narrowed the issues that needed to be resolved to a  few. They talked about border security. They talked about the issues  concerning the family and family reunification and dealing with the  lottery system on diversity visas. They took up those issues, and they  reached a bipartisan agreement as requested by the President and, they  thought, with support of the President of the United States. Yes, it  does protect the Dreamers, and I am proud to say it also protects those  in temporary protected status.   Maryland has a large population from El Salvador and Haiti that are  on TPS status. They are all protected under this compromise that was  reached. Everybody thought ``Oh, my goodness, we have finally resolved  this issue; we can go on to the next issue,'' only to find that the  President of the United States flipped his position on it.   I want to be engaged with the President. As the majority leader said,  he has to sign bills. I get it. But it is tough to negotiate with  someone who tells you one thing on one day and then does the exact  opposite on the next day.   We have a responsibility to act. We have a bill that is bipartisan  and has enough support to clearly pass the U.S. Senate and the House of  Representatives. It protects the Dreamers. It protects those with TPS  status, and it deals with border security. We need to get that done now  also.   We all know we have healthcare extenders that need to be completed in  addition to CHIP. CHIP is very important to get done. It should be made  permanent, I might tell you. We also have community health centers and  many other issues that need to be dealt with in this legislation.   We have disaster relief. We have talked about this many times. We  come together as a nation to help those who have been distressed  through natural disasters--the people of Texas and Florida and Puerto  Rico and those who have been affected by the wildfires.   Then, of course, the issue I hear the most about is the opioid  crisis. We need to make sure that the Federal partnership is strong to  deal with this national crisis.   What should we do? Well, let's work together. I must tell you, my  constituents, your constituents are not interested in a blame game.  They are interested in making sure that their Federal workers have a  check to pay their mortgage payments. If they are in need of VA  services, they want to make sure those services are available to them.  They want to make sure they are getting the best value for their tax  dollar, and they want the U.S. Senate and the Congress to work and  resolve these issues.   They expect us to pass a budget, and they expect us to deal with  these issues. We have a game plan to get all that done in a matter of  days if we make the commitment to get it done. That is why I have  suggested to the majority leader that there is support for us to stay  and get the job done. Keep us in session. Keep government open, and we  will get the work done.   Let us come together with a truly bipartisan budget that reflects the  will of the American people and the input of all Members of the U.S.  Senate and the House of Representatives, a budget that makes sense for  our Department of Defense, makes sense for those doing the research at  the National Institutes of Health, those who are keeping our food safe  at FDA, and those who are on the frontlines of the Social Security  Administration, handling the issues of our seniors. Let's give them the  tools they need in a budget that makes sense for this country.   Let's make sure that we pass these open issues that are urgent, some  of which have been created by the President, such as the immigration  issues. We have a path forward to resolve those issues now. Let's do  that. If we do all of that, then we really are serving the interests of  the American people.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle that our first  responsibility is to the people of this country. Let's not blame each  other. Let's stay together and do something that we don't do enough of:  Let's listen to each other. Let's get our work done, keep the  government open, and do what is right for the American people.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   