 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, today I offer an amendment with immense  importance to Rhode Island fishermen. My amendment would provide voting  representation for Rhode Island on the Mid-Atlantic Fisheries  Management Council, which regulates numerous species found in the  waters off our coast.   I want to emphasize that this is not a provincial matter. This is  about providing fair representation and a sense of equity for those  invested in our regional fisheries council system. It only makes sense  that those who haul in these fish species should have a seat at the  table.   Mr. Chairman, despite our location in New England, we do haul in  these so-called Mid-Atlantic species. Using the most recent statistics,  Rhode Island lands half of all squid caught on the East Coast.   Let me repeat that, Mr. Chairman. Half of all squid caught on the  East Coast is landed by Ocean State fishermen. These squid are the key  ingredient in the famous Rhode Island calamari, a dish that many of us  undoubtedly enjoy.   Beyond squid, Rhode Island lands 85 percent of all East Cost  butterfish, far exceeding any other State. Butterfish is regulated by  the Mid-Atlantic Council. We haul in more scup than any other East  Coast State. Scup is also regulated by the Mid-Atlantic Council.   Additionally, we are among the top three States for landing bluefish,  summer flounder, and monkfish. Mr. Chairman, bluefish, summer flounder,  and monkfish are all regulated by the Mid-Atlantic Council. For our  recreational fishermen, summer flounder, black sea bass, bluefish, and  scup comprise the bulk of the recreational harvest in Rhode Island.   So, Mr. Chairman, it should also be noted that the Rhode Island Sound  is a part of the Mid-Atlantic Bight. In other words, Mr. Chairman, we  are a part of the same marine ecosystem that stretches down to the  Outer Banks of North Carolina. The same species live all along these  waters, and they are regulated by the Mid-Atlantic Council.   While this inequity already exists today, the threat of climate  change will only make this worse as species migrate northward in search  of colder waters.   So, Mr. Chairman, I would like to point out to my colleagues that  there is precedent for such a change. In 1996, we amended fisheries law  to ensure that North Carolina could sit on two regional fisheries  councils. All we ask is the same consideration be provided to Rhode  Island. It is only fair.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, once again, I would point out to my  friend, whom I have deep respect for, that there is precedent for such  a change.   In 1996, we amended fisheries law to ensure that North Carolina  could, in fact, sit on two regional fisheries councils, so what we are  asking is not unprecedented.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to my colleague from Rhode Island  (Mr. Cicilline).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   