 Mr. Speaker, it is hard for many people to understand  how important water is in the West, what a precious resource it is in  the West, and how complicated the issues regarding water are.   In the case of the Bureau of Reclamation, 140,000 Western farmers,  one in five who get irrigation water, get it through 8,000 miles of  canals through the Bureau of Reclamation. 500 dams run by the Bureau of  Reclamation ensure flood control for tens of thousands of Westerners-- millions, actually--and it also provides water for residential,  municipal, and industrial use, serving 31 million people.   This is not something to be lightly tampered with with the  privatization agenda of this administration. Now remember, we were  going to have on the State of the Union day a $1.5 trillion  infrastructure plan. Where is it? It doesn't exist. In fact, they  haven't put forward one penny. In fact, they have proposed to cut  funding for infrastructure in the President's budget.   But they want to come up with little things so that they can say, oh,  look, we are promoting infrastructure here. We are going to sell off  Federal assets to who knows who--private entities, foreign entities,  anybody who wants them.   Remember Enron and energy deregulation? The next big thing was going  to be water. That is what they were going to get into. They were going  to control and manipulate water supplies to drive up the prices.   Well, this bill offers the prospect of someone like an Enron to get  hold of public assets today--Bureau of Reclamation, a Federal asset-- and its water resources. And then what happens? Well, that is an  awfully big question mark. What would happen after a private entity  takes over what was formerly being run in the public interest with  allocation among competing users?   We might just have a new competition. If anybody remembers that  movie--I can't remember the name right now about Los Angeles and Owens  Valley and all of the shenanigans they did--``Chinatown.'' That is it.  We could have a 21st century version of ``Chinatown'' involving private  interests, or municipal interests, or foreign interests getting control  of our water.   The gentleman from Colorado says, oh, no. Congress can act after this  administration has arbitrarily entered into an agreement to sell off  public assets, water assets, the Bureau of Reclamation, Congress can  act to stop it. Anybody heard of the United States Senate?   Tell me, what are you going to get them to do in 90 days? Could you  wake them from their nap? I don't think so. I mean, yeah, maybe in the  House--particularly if the Democrats were in charge--we could stop some  really bad privatization proposals by the Trump administration of these  precious water resources in the Western United States. We could do it  within 90 days. Heck, we can do it in quick time. Not the Senate. It is  subject to a filibuster, so any one person could block Congress from  acting.   So that is not a safeguard. That is about the flimsiest, phoniest,  and most transparent of non-safeguard safeguard I have ever seen.   So why would we trust this administration with the most precious  asset that many of us have in the Western United States--particularly  this year, it has been so dry--which is our water resources, and then  when the winters come, our flood-control resources? Why would we want  private entities to control those things? You want us to shut the  floodgates and stop your house from--well, that is going to cost you if  you want us to retain that water up here, because that wasn't in our  plan. So if you want some flood control, that will cost you X.   Oh, your fields have gone dry and you want us to do some release from  the full reservoir that we control? It is our water. Well, that is  going to cost you. It is going to cost you a lot, because it isn't  going to rain for another 2 months, if you want to save your crops.  This is a colossally bad idea and it should die here today.   