 Madam President, I have been sitting here listening to  all of the accolades being given to our friend Orrin Hatch, and I  didn't hear a word I disagree with. As a matter of fact, rather than  offering my prepared remarks, I ask unanimous consent that they be made  part of the Record following my verbal remarks.   Let me just spend a couple of minutes talking about the Orrin Hatch  that I know. I first met Orrin Hatch in 1990, when I was a candidate  for the Texas Supreme Court. We had an event in Dallas, TX, and, lo and  behold, who would be the star attraction? It certainly wasn't me. Who  would be the star attraction of this event? It was Senator Orrin Hatch,  famous for his work on the Senate Judiciary Committee, having served  there for virtually his entire career in the Senate. Of course, he lent  tremendous gravitas to that event, which would otherwise have been  forgotten, including by me, in a short time. But it was indicative to  me of the importance that Orrin has always placed on the independent  Judiciary in our country, and we heard how many judicial nominations he  has participated in and how many Supreme Court Justices whose  confirmation proceedings he has participated in.   What I will always remember about Orrin is his generosity, his  kindness, and his faithfulness when it comes to the rule of law and the  role of our independent Judiciary.   Recently, we had a debate in our conference at one of our lunches.  Orrin is so famous for encouraging, as we heard from the Senators from  Oklahoma, Mr. Inhofe and Mr. Lankford. He is famous for being an  encourager. I can't think of any one of us who hasn't had Orrin Hatch  come up to us at some point during the day and say: You are doing a  great job. Keep it up.   Actually, the joke was that Orrin has told so many of us that he  loved us, that one of our colleagues said: Well, he told me he loves me  most--hoping we would be jealous, I guess.   But the truth is, Orrin has a heart as big as all the outdoors. At a  time when people wonder about the future of our country and the  character of the people who serve our country and government, he is a  shining example of exactly what should cause them to keep faith for the  future of this country. As long as we have men and women of the  character of Orrin Hatch serving in the U.S. Government, we have  nothing to worry about.   Let me just say to my friend Orrin, thank you for being my friend.  Thank you for being a great example for all of us to emulate. There is  nothing more powerful in life than a good example, as Orrin has helped  us realize.   We wish you and Elaine and your family all the best. As the Scripture  says: You fought the good fight, you finished the race, and you kept  the faith. We love you for it.   Today, I have the difficult task of trying to sum up the work of a  great Senator, a valued colleague, and a great friend.   While this is a familiar reality every other December, it doesn't  make the task any easier--especially when it comes to saying farewell  to Senator Orrin Hatch. It is rare to find such a combination of wit  and grace, humor and humility. But we find that in him, and the  combination works. He is the American Dream personified, a shining  example of where hard work and determination can get you in life.   Orrin's story starts in Pittsburgh from humble beginnings with  parents who worked for every cent they earned. Back then, in his words,  he had to ``fight for everything,'' and he meant that both literally  and figuratively. After a bully shoved a young Orrin on the playground,  he went home, stuffed a duffel bag with sand, and hung it from a tree  in his yard. He punched that bag for hours, and when it came time to  stand up to another playground foe, he won.   As he and his wife Elaine built their young family, he built a home  for them himself, converting an old chicken coop. Elaine counts their  time there as some of her happiest memories.   It is this drive to succeed no matter what the circumstance that lit  a fire in Orrin and made him a star in the courtroom and later, in this  chamber. Orrin has served as a mentor to me and to so many others in  Congress.   Our friendship goes back before my time in the Senate to when I was  running for the Texas Supreme Court. Orrin came to Texas to headline an  event for me and the Chief Justice. It was an outsized act of kindness  for someone of his stature in the U.S. Senate, and an act I have never  forgotten.   We have continued that friendship and partnership on a wide range of  issue areas, but often on one topic we find increasingly important for  both our states: trade. I have been fortunate to benefit from Orrin's  leadership on the Senate Finance Committee as chair of the trade  subcommittee, especially as we worked to pass Trade Promotion  Authority. Although these trade agreements are complex, they are not  faceless: they affect whether or not  [[Page S7472]]  an American family can put food on their table.   Orrin recognized that TPA is an integral trade tool to ensure  American workers and businesses get the best deal possible in pending  trade agreements. And passing it was a true team effort.   Nearly everything I have done with Chairman Hatch on the Finance  Committee has been to help American families, and that is something  Orrin keeps at the forefront of his mind with each vote we take in  committee or here on the floor. It drove his work during our efforts on  tax reform, his most historic achievement to date. He led the entire  conference masterfully, providing steady guidance and keeping our goal  of putting more money back in the pockets of hard working Americans in  mind.   Orrin has also served as the Chairman of the Judiciary and HELP  Committees and has had over 800 bills signed into law--more than any  living Senator. He has not let party lines stop him from getting things  done. He joined with Senator Ted Kennedy on the Children's Health  Insurance Program. He worked to lower the price of prescription drugs.  He pushed the Americans with Disabilities Act over the finish line.   A lot of his ideas for legislation come from his deeply held  convictions and his passions in life. A devout Mormon and believer that  all Americans should be able to practice the religion of their choice,  he worked across the aisle to pass the Religious Freedom Restoration  Act.   His love of music led him to partner with fellow musician Senator  Lamar Alexander on the Music Modernization Act, now law. It was the  first sweeping update of our music copyright laws in 20 years, and it  allows artists to get the royalties they are due.   Orrin, a prolific songwriter, has had hits included in movies and his  songs range from the serious, like a tribute to his brother Jesse who  died in World War II, to the patriotic, like his ballad, ``America  Rocks!'' Through all of his work, Orrin has been driven by a belief  that he would make a difference in the lives of Americans. It is this  service mentality--guided by his strong faithk--that continues to be an  inspiration to us all.   Although he attributes his success to hard work, he also knows he has  been given special talents by his Maker. Orrin once said, ``There's no  question that God has helped me throughout my life, and I don't want to  let him down.'' I believe our colleagues would join me in saying that  Orrin, you have not let him down.   I challenge my colleagues to outwork Orrin Hatch. I am not sure it  can be done, but we would be a better Chamber for it.   I think it is safe to say that my colleagues and I will miss the  laughter and wisdom of this man, and we are beyond grateful for his  countless contributions to this country, this institution, and to his  beloved state over an outstanding career.   I want to thank him for his service and bid him farewell. Senator  Hatch's legacy will live on through our work, we will make sure of it.   Madam President, I yield the floor.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Tillis).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Tillis).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Tillis).   