 Madam President, today we begin our immigration debate in  earnest. Senator McConnell has kept his promise to bring an immigration  vehicle to the floor. This week, we will be taking a series of votes on  DACA, border security, and other related subjects.   I wish to take a few minutes now to outline where I am on these  issues and where I see this week's debate heading.   I have made very clear that I believe we need a legislative fix for  DACA. We cannot continue to keep people in our country and grant them  work authorization by Executive fiat. DACA recipients deserve  certainty. So, too, do other immigrants who enter our country legally  and have done their best to follow the rules.   We also need better border security and interior enforcement. Thirty  years ago, we granted amnesty to nearly 3 million illegal immigrants,  and the result over the next two decades was a surge in illegal  immigration. We need to prevent that from happening again.   I think it is fair and equitable to give DACA recipients a pathway to  lawful status because they came to our country through no fault of  their own, but I also believe we need to pair DACA legislation with  strict border security and interior enforcement measures so we don't  find ourselves right back here again in another 20 or 30 years or even  sooner.   I also think legal immigration needs to be a part of the discussion;  in particular, high-skilled immigration. I have spoken several times on  the Senate floor about how high-skilled immigration is merit-based  immigration. It is immigration targeted at the best, the brightest, and  the most highly educated. It is immigration targeted at individuals who  have the skills employers need.   I believe we can find a path forward on our current immigration  controversies, and I am committed to doing everything I can to bring  both sides together. But I also want to be clear right here at the  outset: High-skilled or merit-based immigration needs to be part of the  discussion, especially if we start talking about reforms to family- based immigration.    Getting to 60 votes is going to take a lot of negotiation. I know  that as well as anyone. I have passed more bills into law than any  other Member of Congress alive today. I know how this process works.   So I say to my colleagues, as you think about how to advance your  priorities this week, keep in mind the priorities I have outlined  recently. Take a look at my I-Squared bill and the amendments I will be  filing. These are indications of what I am hoping to accomplish.   I believe we can get something across the finish line. I really do. I  think we can have a bill we can all be proud of, but in order for that  to happen, we have to be reasonable. We have to consider a broad range  of views. It can't just be ``my way or the highway.'' We need a bill  that can also pass the House and then be signed into law by the  President.   I am ready to roll up my sleeves and get to work, and I am ready to  work with my colleagues to find areas of compromise and to accommodate  competing priorities. I have made my priorities clear. Let's work  together to get something done.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   