 Mr. Chairman, one of our great Republican Presidents,  Abraham Lincoln, who served in this body, spoke of government of the  people, by the people, and for the people.   We didn't start out that way, but through civil rights movements and  civil rights statutes, we have opened America up. The Americans with  Disabilities Act has been a crucial piece of legislation to opening  America up--our restaurants, our hotels, all of our business  establishments--to tens of millions of Americans who otherwise couldn't  fully participate fully and on an equal basis.  [[Page H1188]]    This bill would require a totally novel requirement in the civil  rights field, that in order to sue for violations of public  accommodations law under the ADA, the person must first notify the  business of their alleged violations and then wait 180 days to allow  the business to remedy the violation, or make substantial progress  towards compliance. No other Federal civil rights law operates this  way. They just don't work like that. The ADA has been in process for 27  years, and there is no reason that any business today should be out of  compliance with a very clear directive under the ADA.   The new notice and cure provisions will have the effect of shifting  the burden of enforcement from the wrongdoer to the victim of  discrimination. It would incentivize businesses not to comply with the  ADA, unless it receives a notice of violation.   Now, our colleagues raised questions of overzealous, or vexatious, or  abusive litigation by certain lawyers, and we know that there are cases  of that. They are in the handful of States that have added damages  under the ADA.   Understand that, under the ADA, federally, there are no damages. You  can just get your costs and your legal fees. So some States have added  damages.   Then there are some lawyers who are out making trouble. We agree with  that. Use the State bars to sanction them. If there is sanctionable  behavior, disbar them. Deal with that problem. But don't cut the heart  out of the Americans with Disabilities Act, which has been central to  the ability of our people and all of our families to participate on an  equal basis in our economy and in our society.   