 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to instruct conferees at  the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, we have a lot of anxiety out in the countryside because  of trade, because of RFS, because of low prices, and because of weather  in my area. What we are trying to do here is avoid another potential  problem, and that is what can happen with an animal disease outbreak in  this country.   In Minnesota, we suffered the biggest animal disease outbreak we have  ever seen in this country when we got avian influenza in our turkey  flock. It was devastating. The producers lost $113 million. We lost $3  billion in the country, and we saw the effect of not being prepared.   This isn't just a poultry problem. This also relates to foot-and- mouth disease, to PEDv, to cattle fever tick that Congressman Vela has  informed me about, and to other diseases that present a serious threat  for the viability of the livestock operations in the communities and  supply chains across the country that depend on them.   In the House bill, we have a provision for $450 million of permanent  funding over 5 years for programs, including the National Animal Health  Laboratory Network, the National Animal Disease Preparedness and  Response Program, and the National Animal Vaccine Bank. The Senate  provides an authorization for appropriations, but there is no permanent  funding in the Senate bill.   While the appropriations committees deserve credit because they have  put some funding into these programs over the years, the problem is  that APHIS and the people who deal with this at the State level can't  depend on it because you never know what it is going to be from year to  year because the appropriators are the ones who have to decide. We want  to make this permanent, and we are hoping that the Senate will accede  to our ideas.   Animal disease programs are important investments in the health of  our Nation's animals, our people, and the security of our food supply.  As part of their work on the farm bill, conferees should insist on 10- year mandatory funding for animal disease preparedness and response  programs to provide the certainty for both the farmers, for the  consumers, and for the people who deal with this at the regulatory  level.   Mr. Speaker, I include my full statement in the Record.   The mood in farm country is bad. It's bad because of the  Administration's trade war; it's  [[Page H6494]]  bad because of declines in farm income; and it's bad because of  volatile weather like the floods in the southern part of my district.  Farmers and ranchers are staring a historically bad year in the face,  and another hit would mean devastation for many of them.   And that's exactly what an animal disease outbreak would cause.  Minnesota is the nation's largest producer of turkeys. Following an  outbreak of avian influenza in 2013 and 2014, it is estimated that  poultry producers in my state lost $113 million in existing production,  approximately $3 billion nationally, and it cost taxpayers almost $1  billion.   Hungry consumers are affected too. The price of a dozen eggs in 2015  was double what it was before the outbreak.   This isn't just a poultry problem. Foot and Mouth Disease, PEDv,  Cattle Fever Tick and other diseases present a serious threat to the  viability of livestock operations and the communities and supply chains  across the country that depend on them. Outbreaks mean culling animals  and suspending production, and because fewer animals come into  processing facilities, layoffs in local communities.   Disease outbreaks also impact farmers who grow feed. One study  estimates that a future outbreak of Foot and Mouth Disease could cost  corn growers $44 billion and soybean growers nearly $25 billion. And  there's a national security aspect to animal disease preparedness. The  bipartisan Blue Ribbon Study Panel on Biodefense found that our current  commitment to animal disease outbreaks leaves us vulnerable to attack  on our food supply.   If we are serious about addressing these outbreaks, we must invest in  preparation and response tools to tackle these diseases early. That  level of effort is impossible without long-term funding certainty.   Currently, the House bill provides $450 million in mandatory funding  over five years for programs including the National Animal Health  Laboratory Network, the National Animal Disease Preparedness and  Response Program, and the National Animal Vaccine Bank. The Senate  provides an authorization for appropriations, but no mandatory funding.  While the Appropriations Committees deserve credit for providing some  funding for these programs in their bills, animal health is not a  short-term issue or an issue we should short change. APHIS, state  officials, and producers need to know that adequate funding for these  programs is going to be available for their work to pay off.   Animal disease programs are important investments in the health of  our nation's animals, our people, and the security of our food supply.  As part of their work on the farm bill, conferees should insist on ten- year, mandatory funding for Animal Disease Preparedness and Response  Programs to provide the certainty that both farmers and consumers need.  I am submitting for the Record a letter in support of these provisions  from the Animal Agriculture Coalition, which represents livestock  producers and animal health professionals nationwide.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the motion to instruct,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support the motion,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   