 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr.  Buck) for yielding to me.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of this important rule and in  support of the two underlying bipartisan bills that will improve our  banking system and help grow our Nation's economy: H.R. 4293, the  Stress Test Improvement Act of 2017; and H.R. 4061, the Financial  Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act of 2017.   These are two essential pieces of legislation that cleared the  Committee on Financial Services with bipartisan support.   I am the sponsor of the Stress Test Improvement Act, alongside the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  David Scott), my Democratic colleague.   Stress tests are one of the aspects of current law that are  contributing to the climate of legal and regulatory uncertainty because  the Federal Reserve has failed to provide the necessary transparency  around this process.   This bipartisan bill will inject transparency, consistency, and  fairness into the stress testing process. Without needed reform, rather  than ensuring financial stability, the Federal Reserve's stress tests  are likely missing real risks while constraining the competitive flow  of financial services that is critical to increasing economic  opportunity.   While a valuable resource, stress test results may be creating a  false sense of security, while at the same time sowing the seeds of  financial instability. In order to succeed, a stress test must build  from an accurate forecast of the next macroeconomic storm; and even the  best forecasts tend to be wrong.   This is a bipartisan bill that was amended in the committee markup  with unanimous support of every committee member, including the ranking  member. The amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  David  Scott) that we accepted focused  [[Page H1621]]  the bill on core reforms to the stress testing process that will make  the rules more transparent, effective, and fair.   We are not gutting standards, but making them work for the real  world. This bill is a bipartisan team effort to accomplish those goals.  So is the other bill covered by this rule, the FSOC Improvement Act.   Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of this rule, and I urge the passage  of both of these important bills.   