 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   Fiscal year 2019 starts on October 1, and it is wonderful to be here  in September considering a conference report on two additional  appropriation measures.   I would like to commend Chairman Frelinghuysen and Ranking Member  Lowey for bringing a semblance of order back to the appropriations  process. Along with their Senate counterparts they have managed to  navigate an upset political situation that has completely stymied the  process for years. When this two-bill package is signed into law, it  will be the first time in 22 years that there have been five  appropriation bills enacted before the start of the fiscal year.   I actually wish we had seven more bills conferenced and ready for  enactment, but it appears those will have to be deferred until  December. I hope that maturity, bipartisan cooperation, and responsible  governance will also apply to their consideration and prompt enactment.  Timeliness is as important as final dollar determinations.   I also would like to recognize and thank the Chairwoman, Kay Granger.  She has been a joy to work with and a fine leader. She, along with  every member of our subcommittee and our tremendous subcommittee staff  and associate staff, have conducted themselves in a professional,  bipartisan and collegial manner. As a result, this bill reflects the  will of Congress.   Specific to the Department of Defense, this will be the first time in  a decade that our military will not begin the fiscal year under a  continuing resolution. Having timely appropriations should improve and  stabilize budgeting at the Department, the services, our allies, and  contractors.   I expect that this certainty will also allow the Department to better  adhere to congressional direction, to spend the funding as  appropriated, to increase transparency for budget exhibits, and to  improve the quality and timeliness of communications to the committee,  as has been referenced on pages 8, 9, 10, and 21 of the House Report.   Again, I thank my colleagues, Chairwoman Granger, and her wonderful  staff.   