 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, next Friday marks an important deadline in  funding the Federal Government. While we have been effective in passing  appropriations bills that have funded 75 percent or so of the  government, there is still a small but important portion left to be  negotiated before we break for Christmas.   Part of the debate will be how we go about securing our border,  especially as recently, several large caravans of men, women, and  children have left their homes in Central America and made the long,  dangerous trek to the United States via Mexico. The truth is that the  caravans occur on a daily basis. Of course, most of that hadn't  penetrated the consciousness of the American people because it took  thousands of people en masse, in a big caravan, to actually get their  attention and get the attention particularly of the President of the  United States.   I bet it would surprise most Senators and most Members of the House  to know that in 2017 alone, there were 396,000 people detained at our  southern border--almost 400,000 people. These caravans, whether they  are the large, massive caravans like we see in Tijuana or the  minicaravans that occur daily in places like the McAllen sector for the  Border Patrol--this is a big and important issue. But funding is only  one piece of the puzzle when it comes to border security and the  migrant crisis.   I would like to say that I was encouraged by a story that I saw in  the Washington Post dated November 24 entitled ``Deal with Mexico paves  way for asylum overhaul at U.S. border.'' This article goes on to talk  about a policy of ``Remain in Mexico,'' where the Mexican Government  has actually provided work permits and offered asylum to Central  Americans transiting Mexico. Some of them have taken the Government of  Mexico up on those, but many of them want to come to the United States,  understandably, and the problem is how to deal with these large numbers  of asylum seekers. This development, if it proved to be accurate, I  think represents an impressive change in policy on the part of the  Government of Mexico in a very constructive sort of way.   I want to congratulate Secretary Nielsen, the Secretary of Homeland  Security, Secretary Pompeo, and the entire Trump administration for  undertaking this delicate and difficult negotiation because this really  represents a sea change in the way the Government of Mexico regards the  migrant crisis. In other words, it is not just our problem. They  themselves regard it as part of the solution to this challenge.   But the truth is, we can't look at this issue like we are looking  through a soda straw. I had reporters yesterday ask me ``Well, what  about what is happening at the bridge in Tijuana,'' as if that were the  whole story. We can't narrowly focus on just one part and refuse to see  the full picture, and that is what I want to talk about here briefly.   We won't secure our borders and we won't solve the migrant crisis or  improve our asylum system by simplistically looking at the problem. We  need to look at this as symptoms of a far more serious problem. This is  especially true as the issue of migrants illegally crossing our borders  is not new. It has been happening for a long time. It is only recently  that there has been no new net migration from Mexico because of  improved economic conditions there, and we have seen the flood of  people coming up from noncontiguous countries, like those in Central  America. But of course it started with the softening of our borders and  the disregard of our Nation's immigration laws, and it has continued  with the rise of crime and corruption across countries in Central  America.   We need to secure our borders, to be sure. You would not think that  would be a controversial statement, but apparently some of our  colleagues view our efforts to secure our borders with ridicule. They  act as though this is not a problem, that this is something all about  the midterm elections. Well, the midterm elections have passed, the  problem persists, and we need to do something about it.   We do need to partner with Mexico, as I mentioned a moment ago, but  also the Central American governments to fight against the cartels and  the gangs who are terrorizing these countries and affecting ours in  such a negative way, in a way that will help address this migrant  crisis that we are seeing symptoms of at the ports of entry in Tijuana,  for example.   In Tijuana, about 5,000 immigrants made their way there, and more are  on their way. The truth is, every time someone successfully penetrates  our border by exploiting gaps in our immigration law or by illegally  entering the  [[Page S7106]]  United States, it is an encouragement for more people to do exactly the  same. Anybody who thinks that a caravan of 5,000 migrants coming from  Central America is the last caravan that will attempt to penetrate our  borders is engaged in a flight of fantasy because human nature ought to  tell us that if it is successful, there are going to be more right  behind them. We need to deal with this. We need to deal with the crisis  that the Tijuana mayor has called a humanitarian crisis. That reminds  me of what President Obama called the crisis of unaccompanied minors  coming from Central America a few years ago when he was President; he  called it a humanitarian crisis as well. We need to work together to  try to solve it.   We know that this group of migrants isn't entirely made up of  innocent asylum seekers fleeing poverty or violence in their home  countries. The truth is, we haven't really been able to vet the people  in the caravan. And that, of course, is one of the goals of our legal  immigration system--being able to look at people as individuals and  determine: Do you have a criminal record? Have you been deported  previously for illegally entering the United States? It is true--I am  confident that this mass of people does include people like criminals  and other migrants who intend to exploit gaps in our immigration laws  and some who have already been deported one or more times from the  United States for violating our immigration laws.    I believe the United States is the most generous country in the world  when it comes to legal immigration. We naturalize almost a million  people a year, and we are the better for it. We have always considered  ourselves to be a nation of immigrants but not uncontrolled illegal  immigration. That is a recipe for chaos and danger. We have always been  a nation that believed in some order, and the rule of law was important  when it came to naturalizing people and becoming part of the great  American family. We have always provided refuge to those who fled their  countries based on persecution because of their religion or their race  or their political orientation or their nationality or because they  belong to a particular group. We expect those who enter our country to  respect our sovereignty and the rules and laws of the U.S. Government.  There is a process for coming into the country legally, and that is the  process that should be followed here.   I might say that when a mob of migrants tries to break through the  border barriers in Tijuana, it is fundamentally--in addition to  everything else I said--unfair to the people who stood in line and  tried to enter the country legally and waited their turn for them to  break to the head of the line and try to enter by force.   Unfortunately, there are organizations that exploit our generosity  and use our borders as a transit corridor for all sorts of illegal  activity, including drugs and human trafficking. Believe me, if you  look at the trial that is occurring in Manhattan today, El Chapo, you  can learn a little bit about the complex, big, lucrative business that  being head of a drug cartel entails.   Unfortunately, transnational criminal organizations--another word for  cartels--have overrun some of the legitimate governments in Central  America, and it is no wonder that people are fleeing. Therein lies the  root of the current problem. The cartels and the gangs have figured out  that it is quite lucrative to traffic migrants to the United States.  Based on what I have read, maybe $6,000 to $8,000 is paid to a drug  cartel--one of these transnational criminal organizations--to transport  a person from Central America to the United States. That is a pretty  good, lucrative business. Unfortunately, it is illegal and dangerous  too.   This is exactly the same business model that is used to transport  drugs into the United States. Last year, according to the Centers for  Disease Control, 72,000 Americans died of drug overdoses in the United  States. About 50,000 of those were opioid-related. Some of those were  fentanyl, a synthetic opioid. Some of those were prescription opioids.  But a significant portion of those were heroin, and 90 percent of the  heroin that makes its way into the United States comes from Mexico.   This is the dirty business of the cartels, these transnational  criminal organizations--trafficking migrants and children and women for  sex and illegal drugs. They are commodity agnostic--whatever will make  them money, they will engage in, no matter how vile, how cruel, or how  dangerous. They have no morality whatsoever and no regard for life at  all. The cartels know we are a generous country and take full advantage  of our gaps in border security and immigration laws. As long as we fail  to address this issue, we are complicit in making these cartels richer.  By our own inaction, we are facilitating their illegal and dangerous  enterprise.   This is not just a problem with immigration or drugs or smuggling; it  is about all of these issues combined. It starts with the reign of the  cartels and gangs in countries like Mexico and countries in Central  America. Gangs like MS-13 and Barrio 18 in Central America threaten the  safety and stability of the people who live in those countries. They  fill an endless circle of supply and demand and operate in a vacuum of  power with impunity. But their terror does not stop at their border or  our border. Like the mob we have seen on TV, they are crashing through  borders and threatening our border communities. They are interrupting  legitimate trade and commerce through the ports of entry.   We saw that the port at San Ysidro was shut down because it couldn't  accommodate the mob of asylum seekers and conduct legitimate trade and  traffic at the same time. So it has a very real prospect of threatening  to disrupt not only the U.S. economy and jobs but that of our Mexican  colleagues as well. I think that is part of what has gotten the  attention of the Government of Mexico. Their life blood is trade with  the United States. If that is prevented because of the mobs of people  coming across, trying to break through barricades and enter our country  illegally, then that threatens that life blood and their economy.   My home State of Texas shares a 1,200-mile common border with Mexico,  and about 40 percent of my constituents are of Hispanic origin. The  communities along the Texas border are vibrant, and they rely upon the  millions of dollars of legitimate trade that pours through our ports of  entry. Texas is home to 29 air, land, and sea ports of entry. That is  more than any other State in the Nation. About half of the U.S.-Mexico  trade moves through a Texas port of entry.   As the volume of commerce that crosses our borders has tripled in the  last 25 years, Customs and Border Protection has struggled to keep up  with the staffing needs. The infrastructure is old and is being  exploited, too, particularly by drug traffickers, who move their high- value cargo through the ports of entry.    Texans who live and work in those regions know they can't afford the  cartels' continued exploitation of our flawed system. So we need to  look at how we can address the thousands of migrants who look to cross  our borders and the cartels who exploit our laws while we still protect  legitimate trade and travel. Any solution we find must try to strike a  balance between compassion for the migrants and respect for the rule of  law and fundamental fairness to those who are doing it the right way.   I have taken, of course, numerous trips to the border to meet with  the Border Patrol, and I have heard from many of them on this issue.  When migrant caravans cross our borders, Customs and Border Protection  not only has to deal with this massive humanitarian crisis, but it has  to ensure that the cartels can't take advantage of opportunities that  have been opened up by the fact that the Border Patrol is now consumed  with trying to process children and families through the ports of entry  in accordance with U.S. law. The cartels know that and take every  advantage by moving their drugs through the ports of entry or between  the ports of entry because they know the Border Patrol is otherwise  occupied with paperwork and other distractions.   We need to work more closely with our allies in Mexico and Central  America to keep commerce alive, which, as I said, is the lifeblood of  the economy. By helping in Central America, we can begin to address the  root problems that have forced many to flee.   At the same time, we need to secure our borders and protect our free  trade.  [[Page S7107]]  As I said, if our ports of entry are clogged with thousands of  migrants, legitimate trade comes to a standstill. That not only hurts  our economy, particularly in border communities along the U.S.-Texas  border, but also our southern neighbor's, Mexico.   The fact of the matter is the United States cannot alone bear the  burden of this mass migration. We need our partners in Central America  and Mexico to work with us to find solutions for these migrants, which  is another reason I was encouraged by the article I mentioned in the  Washington Post, which talked about the ``Remain in Mexico'' program as  one way to begin to address some piece of this migrant crisis.   My friend Henry Cuellar, a Member of the House of Representatives,  who represents border communities in South Texas, likes to say that we  should focus on pushing back our borders. I think that is right. Border  security ends at our border, but it starts in Central America and  Mexico.   This week, the incoming President of Mexico, Lopez Obrador, will be  sworn in. I hope to be at that inauguration on Saturday, December 1, in  Mexico City. Soon-to-be-President Obrador said he is committed to  dealing with the violence in Mexico that has been brought about by the  cartels and gangs. I know the United States also shares a commitment to  working with this new government in helping to reduce that violence.   Our two governments should continue to work closely together because  our interests are aligned. Both of our countries want security, and we  want the prosperity that comes from legitimate trade. Both of our  countries want to see a decrease in the cartel and gang violence. Our  relationship is an important one, and it must continue to be nurtured  and to evolve because the gangs and the cartels surely will continue to  adapt.   By partnering with governments in Central America and Mexico, we can  help those countries in bolstering their economies, providing security  for their people, and restoring the relationship between their  communities and law enforcement to one that will be built on trust so  that their people will feel safe again in their homes.   I stand ready to work with others on this issue, but neither I nor my  Republican colleagues can do it alone. This will take a full bipartisan  effort, and it is going to take a more serious approach than I have  seen in some press accounts in which people want to focus, as with a  soda straw, on one narrow aspect of the problem when it is much more  complex and much more dangerous than that. So I would invite all of our  colleagues to join us in enforcing our laws and securing our borders  and protecting our economy by securing free and fair trade.   Those who say that by enforcing our laws one is somehow anti- immigrant are engaged in a slanderous lie. It is simply not true.  Immigrants who come to the United States legally, who have waited  patiently in line, deserve the respect and deserve the reward of their  complying with the laws on the books. Somebody who jumps to the head of  the line and violates our laws, who has no respect for the safety and  security of our border communities, and who wants to facilitate the  business model that the cartels have, by moving poisonous drugs or  migrants for employment or by trafficking children and women for sex,  has no regard for our border communities, for the rule of law, or for  those migrants who come to the United States legally and appropriately.   This is not a onetime crisis. You can't be against human trafficking  but for allowing migrants to be used as human commodities and to freely  enter our country illegally. It is the same people who are bringing  them into the country. You can't be against the opioid and drug  addiction crisis but for allowing the cartels to exploit our borders by  exporting their poison. You can't sit back and say you want to help  migrants who flee their countries but not engage in bipartisan  solutions. You simply can't have it both ways.   I hope we will take another look at this humanitarian crisis, as the  mayor of Tijuana is calling it and as President Obama called it a few  years ago when we saw this flood of unaccompanied minors coming across  our borders from Central America, and deal with it with the seriousness  and the gravity that it deserves. I look forward to working with my  colleagues both in the House and the Senate, as well as with the  administration and our partners in Central America and Mexico, to find  solutions that address the migrant crisis without abandoning the rule  of law or opening our borders or encouraging others to ignore our  immigration laws.   I yield the floor.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Mississippi (Mrs. Hyde-Smith).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Mississippi (Mrs. Hyde-Smith).   