 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 772, the AMBER Alert in  Indian Country Act. I strongly favor this important legislation because  it will provide Indian Tribes with the ability to respond quickly to  child abductions, thereby increasing the chances that we can avert  catastrophe.   Through the grant program reauthorized by S. 772, Tribal law  enforcement agencies would develop the capacity to immediately initiate  their own AMBER Alerts and allow Tribal alert systems to be integrated  with the more advanced AMBER Alert communications plans of State and  regional law enforcement.   The AMBER Alert program is a powerful tool that engages  geographically targeted networks of law enforcement, broadcast and  transparency agencies, digital signage companies, internet service  providers, and the wireless industry to issue urgent notifications in  [[Page H1234]]  the most serious cases of child abduction. Such alerts can instantly  galvanize an entire community in the search for an abducted and  endangered child.   From its inception through January of 2018, the AMBER Alert program  has directly led to the rescue of more than 900 children. Presently,  the AMBER Alert program is used in all 50 States, here in the District  of Columbia, in Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands.   AMBER Alert systems have evolved to utilize all available technology  in notifying the public of a child abduction. Native American Tribal  communities, however, are unable to take full advantage of this  lifesaving program. Currently, Tribal law enforcement must rely on  State or regional law enforcement agencies off-reservation to issue the  complete AMBER Alert on their behalf. This is unfortunate, and indeed  it is notable because the rate of child abduction is reportedly down  across the country with the sole exception of Indian Country.   As we all know, time is of the essence when a child is abducted or  goes missing. AMBER Alert plans provide comprehensive, rapid-response  system, which is critical to success in such cases. Statistics show  that roughly 74 percent of abducted children who are murdered are  killed within the first 3 hours of their abduction.    The time spent to coordinate with State or regional law enforcement  before issuing an AMBER Alert can be lengthy and can have a dire  consequence.   In 2003, the PROTECT Act established a grant program to be  administered by the attorney general for the States, with the goals of  strengthening AMBER Alert communications plans nationwide and  developing a seamless network through the Nation, which dramatically  increases the likelihood that abducted children will be recovered  swiftly and safely.   S. 772 would reauthorize $10 million for the program and would make  Indian Tribal communities eligible to receive grant funds for the very  first time. With this funding, Tribes will be able to develop and  implement AMBER Alert communications plans of their own, and also  integrate their AMBER Alert systems into and with State and regional  communications plans.   Awarded funds may also be used for education, training, and law  enforcement tools and equipment related to the AMBER Alert plans.   If enacted, this legislation will help build a truly national and  cohesive network of AMBER Alert systems. Tribal law enforcement will  have the ability to directly issue AMBER Alerts without having to rely  on outside law enforcement, while outside agencies will be available to  fill in any gaps when necessary through the improved coordination.   Mr. Speaker, accordingly, I encourage my colleagues to join us in  supporting this crucial piece of bipartisan legislation.   S. 772 was introduced in response to a fatal abduction that occurred  on the Navajo Nation in New Mexico. Eleven-year-old Ashlynne Mike was  kidnapped after school, along with her brother. Her brother escaped,  and, alas, she did not.   That case focused attention on gaps in communication and coordination  between Tribal and off-reservation law enforcement.   In the past, the Navajo Tribe has relied on New Mexico, Arizona, and  Utah to activate AMBER Alerts. Before an alert issued, Tribal officers  have been required to meet a list of requirements to establish a case.  If the criteria are met, the officers may only then begin the process  of requesting States to issue the AMBER Alert.   Based on several accounts of this case, the AMBER Alert was issued 10  or more hours after Ashlynne was abducted.   Her abductor confessed to brutalizing her and leaving her alive to  fend for herself in the desert. It was too late for Ashlynne when she  was found dead a day later.   Children are precious to us, and they deserve our protection wherever  they may live, either on reservations or off reservations.   Mr. Speaker, because we should do everything that we can to ensure  that appropriate resources are allocated to efforts to recover missing  or abducted children, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   