 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak.    Madam President, I am here to speak and once again  highlight the importance of aviation to my State, to the country, and  to the world, but also to point out the significance of the 5-year FAA  reauthorization bill the Senate passed last week. I have come to the  floor many times on this topic.   I am pleased to be here today to tell about the many wins that are  included in this legislation. They are beneficial to the country, and  they are certainly beneficial to my home State.   I am most pleased to highlight the fact that this legislation does  not include--excluded from this legislation are any efforts to  privatize our Nation's air traffic control system.   Kansas is the air capital of the world and for good reason. Kansans  have built three out of every four general aviation aircraft since the  Wright brothers' first flight at Kitty Hawk. Today, over 40,000 Kansans  make a living manufacturing, operating, and servicing the world's  highest quality airplanes. I cannot overstate the importance of this  reauthorization and the stability it provides to the aviation  community.   We are doing something that we have been unable to do for years: a  long-term FAA reauthorization. In the ongoing efforts to pass the long- term bill, Republicans and Democrats in both Chambers of Congress have  found common ground and consensus among the entire aviation community  on a wide range of important issues. The chairman of the Commerce  Committee, Senator Thune from South Dakota, as well as the ranking  member, Senator Nelson from Florida, deserve credit for the bipartisan  manner in which they have worked through the FAA reauthorization  process in recent years and their efforts to negotiate a final piece of  legislation with the House that was strong enough to receive 93 votes  in the Senate.   I am pleased that included in this legislation are numerous  provisions that I have introduced and supported and advocated for since  the reauthorization process began, and I look forward to sharing these  accomplishments in short fashion. I thank the many aviation and  aerospace leaders in my State for informing my work on this topic.   First, the FAA reauthorization bolsters FAA manufacturing by  streamlining the aircraft certification process.   With the short amount of time before a vote, I will highlight these  for the Record.   In addition, it authorizes the FAA Center of Excellence for Advanced  Materials at Wichita State University. This research has played a  critical role in the evolution and integration of aircraft materials  and technologies by providing valuable research to validate the safety  and integrity of new aircraft to the general public.   This bill helps close the skills gap for the aviation workforce.  Senator Inhofe and I have worked to provide legislation to create a  pilot program within the FAA through which grants would be authorized  to support tech education and career development. The grants would  encourage collaboration between businesses, schools, and local  governments, and these entities would develop innovative workforce  programs to help close the skill gap in the aerospace industry.   The FAA Reauthorization Act reduces regulatory barriers for  educational use of drones--unmanned aerial vehicles or systems. Last  Congress, I was co-lead on this legislation with Senator Peters of  Michigan to reduce barriers for the use of small UASs at institutions  of higher education. This bill accelerates the safe integration of  innovative UAS technology, another significant development.   This legislation strengthens the Federal Contract Tower Program.  Kansas is home to eight air traffic control towers that participate in  FAA's FCT Program, which provides important safety services at small  airports nationwide in a cost-effective manner that saves the taxpayers  $200 million annually. This FAA reauthorization includes several  reforms that strengthen the Contract Tower Program, and I am pleased to  be able to report that.   It provides access and flexibility for additional airport  construction funding. Again, this is something that is important in all  of our communities that have an airport. How do we make certain that we  have the latest infrastructure available for safe flights to and from  our airports?   It improves child safety on commercial airlines, legislation that  Senator Schatz from Hawaii and I introduced to advance the safety of  children who fly with their parents.   This bill reauthorizes the FAA's Essential Air Service Program,  connecting rural airports to the national system. That is something  which is important to many of us who represent rural States.   It safeguards small airports in the event of sudden loss of  commercial service.   Last Congress, I sponsored the Small Airport Regulatory Relief Act  that is included in this legislation. It is to make certain that  certain airports, such as the Hays Regional Airport and the Liberal  Mid-America Regional Airport, would not lose Federal Airport  Improvement Program funding due to inconsistent commercial service  through no fault of their own.   Unfortunately, regional airlines continue to struggle because of a  lack of pilots. There is a pilot shortage, and our airports and the  traveling public ought not be damaged as a result of the  [[Page S6789]]  inability of the airlines to hire a sufficient number of airline  pilots.   It also increases the fairness and reduces regulation for general  aviation projects and activities. This is legislation that was  originally introduced, which I am a sponsor of, called the FLIGHT Act.  It effectively targets AIP funding to general aviation airports and  provides those airports with flexibility on their use of passenger  facility charges. It has a provision that fosters the exchange of  aircraft through fair regulatory treatment in airplane joint  ownership--again, another small but important development. It includes  provisions that preserve the Contract Weather Observers Program,  something that was at risk over the last several years.   There are many things to highlight in this legislation. I would also  point out that it has provisions to help provide for talented women in  the aviation workforce and facilitate their recruitment. Women  currently comprise only 4 percent of flight engineers, 6 percent of  pilots, and 26 percent of air traffic controllers, representing a huge  untapped pool for talent in the aviation industry.   I am grateful to my colleagues for coming together and creating this  compromise bill that will have a positive and immediate effect upon the  economy and the Kansas aviation community. It is a good day for the  Senate, it is a good day for Congress, it is a good day for the  country, and it is especially a good day for me and for Kansans.   I yield the floor.   