 Mr. President, over the past 2 weeks, we have seen  increasingly worrisome signs that President Trump is seriously  considering firing the special counsel in charge of the investigation  into Russia's meddling in the 2016 election. Equally troubling is the  possibility of the President firing the Deputy Attorney General who  oversees that investigation in order to install someone who would  dismiss Mr. Mueller or otherwise impede or shut down the investigation.   Let me be clear. Firing Mr. Rosenstein would be as great an injury to  our democracy as firing Mr. Mueller. Mr. Rosenstein, by all accounts,  since being appointed by President Trump, has followed the letter of  the law. There is no conduct the President or anyone else can point to  that would suggest Mr. Rosenstein went beyond DOJ regulations or  otherwise abused his position. He has dutifully done his job. When he  approved Mr. Mueller's referral to the U.S. attorney in the Southern  District, it was simply because he was provided sufficient evidence  that Mr. Mueller had uncovered a potential crime. It doesn't matter if  it upsets President Trump; Mr. Rosenstein was following the facts and  the law. It is the obligation of a Justice Department official when he  or she sees evidence of a crime to pursue it without fear, without  favor. That is what Rosenstein was doing, and somehow President Trump  doesn't grasp the rudiments of our democracy and our system of laws.   Instead, President Trump seems to have the view that the Justice  Department exists to protect his interests and  [[Page S2087]]  prosecute his enemies. But in the long history of our grand, wonderful  country--God's noble experiment, as the Founding Fathers called it, and  it still is today--that has never been what the Justice Department has  stood for. It is an independent Federal agency tasked with following  the law wherever it leads, free of considerations of politics or power.  Mr. Rosenstein is acting in line with that long and great tradition,  and it is no reason--none at all--for the President to fire him.   My friends on the other side of the aisle know, just as well as we  do, that firing Mr. Rosenstein or Mr. Mueller would precipitate a  constitutional crisis. Our constitutional order is built upon a bedrock  faith in the rule of law, of equality under the law. No person--not  even the President--can subvert that principle for his or her political  interests or needs.   Let me remind everyone that the investigation is not a witch hunt, as  the President keeps tweeting it is. It has resulted in multiple  indictments and guilty pleas. By definition, that is not a witch hunt.  The Trump administration itself leveled sanctions against Russians  based on information obtained as a result of the Russia probe. So if  the President's own administration, separate from Mueller, leveled  sanctions against the Russians using information that Mueller has  gotten, how can he then proceed to call it a witch hunt? It just  doesn't add up.   The investigation concerns the national security of the United  States. If the President were to try to shut it down for personal,  political reasons, there is no doubt we would face a constitutional  crisis.   So let's make this simple. The consequences of firing Mr. Rosenstein,  Mr. Mueller, or issuing pardons would be dire for our democracy. We  have clear evidence from the President himself that each of those  things is a possibility. President Trump basically mused about it on  national television.   Every Democrat and every Republican, regardless of politics, party,  or ideology, should stand up and say that what the President is  considering is not only wrong but a real threat to the constitutional  order of this government. Once they admit that, what rational person  would not want to take steps to prevent a constitutional crisis from  happening now, before the President acts precipitously and against the  whole meaning of our democracy? We, in Congress, have the power to  prevent that constitutional crisis and to do it right away. We have the  power to protect the special counsel's investigation. Only the Deputy  Attorney General can fire the special counsel and only for cause.   A bipartisan group of Senators, including Senators Graham and Tillis  on the Republican side and Booker and Coons on the Democratic side,  have come up with legislation that would allow the special counsel to  appeal a firing to a panel of independent judges under an expedited  procedure to determine if Mr. Mueller were fired for cause. If he  weren't fired for cause, the special counsel would be reinstituted  immediately. That makes eminent sense. The bipartisan legislation would  simply provide a legal avenue to reinforce existing procedures and  assure that the grand tradition of rule of law is maintained.   Chairman Grassley and Ranking Member Feinstein have agreed to hold a  hearing and mark up this legislation. I applaud them both for it and  urge the members of the Judiciary Committee to approve this legislation  without watering it down or weakening it with amendments. We should  pass it out of committee. Leader McConnell should bring it to the floor  of the Senate quickly, where I believe it would pass with a very large  majority, and we should pressure our colleagues in the House to do the  same. It is my view that if the bill came to the floor and passed the  Senate by a significant majority, the House would follow because the  pressure would be enormous.   The rule of law, quite simply, should not be a partisan issue. It  must not be a partisan issue. We cannot ever let it become a partisan  issue. The last time it was at risk under President Nixon's  administration, Republicans stepped up to the plate, and they went down  in history as very admirable. I hope they will do it again. The  Congress should speak loudly and soon by passing this legislation in  both Chambers.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask to continue my remarks for a few  minutes on another subject.    Mr. President, I apologize to my colleague from  Delaware.   