 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Res.  970.   I would like to thank my colleagues, Congressman Mark Meadows and   Jim Jordan.   First off, from my conversations with members of the Justice  Department, I have been very impressed with their feedback of seeing  just how high morale has gone over the course of the last year and a  half because they are able to do their jobs again.   You were seeing prosecution numbers and certain metrics in these  different U.S. Attorney Offices going down. Their hands were being tied  behind their back. We talked about the military having their hands tied  behind their back, the rules of engagement. We saw our Justice  Department, our U.S. attorneys, and our FBI with their hands tied  between their back. And their morale is going up.   Now, I'm not going to subscribe to those in this Chamber and in this  country who want to resist, oppose, obstruct, and impeach this  President on everything and anything. That is their top priority in  life; that is not mine. My priority is, when I see that there is  misconduct at the highest levels of the Department of Justice and the  FBI, as a Member of Congress, taking my oath seriously to my own  constituents and to this country, I demand answers. It is about  transparency and it is about accountability.   I have a 12-page resolution that we introduced, H. Res. 907. It has  up to 33 cosponsors. What is interesting about this resolution is it is  12 pages outlining and detailing all this misconduct, calling for a  second special counsel, and not one person has been able to poke any  hole and a single bullet in this entire 12-page document.   I have a problem with it when those in the Justice Department say  that they can't provide a document because it risks national security.  You read the document and find that nothing in there risks national  security. Actually what the problem was is that it might cause  embarrassment to someone in the DOJ and the FBI. That is why it wasn't  provided.   I don't like it when you see FISA abuse that results in a United  States citizen being spied on: going to a secret court with secret  documents to get a warrant without due process and providing the full  story.   It is all about justice, transparency, and accountability. Mark  Meadows has been leading the fight to get more documents. I support him  with it. The Justice Department needs to comply.  [[Page H5846]]    We have an oversight function, and I do not subscribe to those in  this Chamber who want to oppose, obstruct, resist, and impeach. That is  not the path forward for America.   