 Madam President, I speak as a Senator who is also a  physician. In my medical practice, I have learned that if the patient  has the power, then the patient can make the wisest decision both for  her health and for her pocketbook.   I am here to support the Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act, which  is legislation that has been put forward by my colleagues Senators  Collins and McCaskill and which I am privileged to cosponsor.   Right now, our healthcare system is designed, if you will, to shake  as much money as possible out of the patient and out of the taxpayer-- all to the benefit of others but not to the patient and not to the  taxpayer. One of the most egregious examples is the pharmacy gag  clause. With a pharmacy gag clause, when at the pharmacy, if it will be  cheaper for you to pay cash for the drug as opposed to through your  insurance deductible, the pharmacist, through his contract, may be  restricted from telling you that. If the pharmacist does tell you that,  the pharmacist will lose his contract with the pharmacy benefit  manager. So you will pay more by paying your insurance deductible  instead of less by paying cash for the drug. That money is taken away  from you and is given to the pharmacy benefit manager. That is wrong.  This bill, the Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act, gives that power  to the pharmacists and to the patients to come up with a solution that  will be best for the patients' health and their pocketbooks.   By the way, it does more than that. It also requires that biologic  and biosimilar drug manufacturers report potential pay-to-delay  agreements to the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of  Justice, as is currently done with small molecule grams and generic  manufacturers. This will allow biosimilars to get to the market  sooner--again, saving the patient money and saving the taxpayer money.   Yet there will be an amendment put forward that will dilute the  impact of this bill and will restrict the provisions of this bill to  those plans that are self-insured.   I will point out that the three largest pharmacy benefit managers  control 72 percent of the market for drug distribution--multibillion- dollar corporations that operate across all States.   It clearly falls within Congress's purview, as it regulates  interstate commerce, to pass a bill such as that. In defeating this  bill or in watering it down, it is, again, one more way to take power  away from patients and money away from patients and from taxpayers to  the benefit not of the patient and her health and her pocketbook but of  the large PBM.   The Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act is a key step in our fight  to lower drug costs for patients. I ask my colleagues to support this  bipartisan legislation, which will give patients the power to save  money on their prescriptions, and to support the bill as is.   I yield the floor.   