 Mr. President, over the last several days, the minority  leader has again continued his unprecedented partisan interference with  the business of the Senate Judiciary Committee. In addition to these  partisan interventions being unwelcomed, many of the minority leader's  assertions are just plain false, and other assertions omit significant  context. So, as I have done several times in recent days, I am here to  correct the record.   Let me start by reiterating that the confirmation process for Judge  Kavanaugh will be the most transparent in history. That is from the  availability of all the documents that are out there for our colleagues  to study about this nominee. Senators already have access to the most  important part of Judge Kavanaugh's record--his more than 300 opinions  written during his 12 years on the DC Circuit, in addition to the  hundreds more opinions he joined, and the more than 6,000 pages that  were submitted in connection with his Senate Judiciary questionnaire.   Moreover, the Senate will receive more pages of executive branch  documents than the Senate will have received for any Supreme Court  nominee ever--I anticipate up to 1 million pages of documents from  Judge Kavanaugh's time in the White House Counsel's Office and his  service in the Office of the Independent Counsel, along with records  related to his 2006 confirmation to be a judge on the DC Circuit. The  production could be larger than those of the last five Supreme Court  nominees combined. Hence, one understands  [[Page S5479]]  why I am saying this will be the most transparent confirmation process  of any Federal Supreme Court Justice.   The other side is pretending like the most expansive and transparent  confirmation process in history is not good enough. Despite this  expansive and transparent confirmation process and that Senators  already have Judge Kavanaugh's entire judicial record in front of them  already, Democratic leaders continue to make unreasonable demands for  more and more documents. In fact, they demand access to every email and  every other document ever written or received by every staffer who ever  worked in the Bush White House. They want these records in order to  fish for documents that merely mention Brett Kavanaugh's name. In other  words, they, essentially, want access to every document that ever went  through the Bush White House.   Now, this is really beyond unreasonable, and it is not a very serious  proposal. During Judge Kagan's confirmation, then-Chairman Leahy was  adamant that documents merely mentioning Justice Kagan's name shouldn't  be produced. This is just one example of Democratic leaders' not  following the Kagan standard.   The motive behind the unreasonable demands for documents is obvious:  Democratic leaders want to stall Judge Kavanaugh's confirmation in any  way possible. They hope to bury the Senate in mountains of irrelevant  documents to delay his confirmation hearing and to perhaps deny him a  vote during this current Congress.   The ranking member's hometown newspaper reported this scheme over the  weekend. The headline used the word ``stall.''   The San Francisco Chronicle called it ``a tactic that could postpone  a decision until after the midterm elections.'' The article explained:  ``The Democrats' strategy . . . is to demand to see every document that  crossed Kavanaugh's desk while he served as President George W. Bush's  staff secretary from 2003 to 2006.'' In other words, the Democratic  leaders are demanding these documents in order to needlessly delay the  process rather than for legitimate purposes. Yet these tactics aren't  going to work.   Let me address some of the minority leader's specific points.   He says, traditionally, the Senate Judiciary Committee sends a  bipartisan letter that requests documents, and he said we should have  sent out this letter 2 weeks ago. What the minority leader fails to  point out is, my staff worked extensively with the ranking member's  staff to attempt to identify specific Staff Secretary records that  might be of some interest to the Democrats, but the Democratic staff  was not interested in a reasonable compromise, including my attempts to  get them even more documents than the up to 1 million pages of  documents we were already in the process of receiving.   After multiple rounds of negotiation, the ranking member's staff  still had not budged from its position that it was entitled to access  any of the millions and millions of pages of documents that ever went  through the Bush White House. These demands were unprecedented, were  unreasonable, and were obviously intended to delay the confirmation  process.   I couldn't allow this tactic to further delay this important business  of the committee. So, as chairman, I sent a records request for the  White House Counsel's documents because we needed to keep this process  moving. We couldn't be stalling. It is unfortunate the ranking member  didn't agree to sign it because the letter requested documents that  both sides agreed we should have. Both sides agreed with the documents  that were in my letter, but there was no signature from the minority.   The minority leader, Senator Schumer, also says we should have  followed the precedent established during Justice Kagan's nomination.  In suggesting this point, he is rewriting history. He may not know  that, but he is. He conveniently forgets that both Democrats and  Republicans agreed we shouldn't have requested documents from Justice  Kagan's time as Solicitor General. Everyone agreed that the Kagan  Solicitor General documents were too sensitive for disclosure and, in  fact, could chill the candidness of internal deliberations for future  Presidents and their counsel--their Solicitor General.    This same respect for confidentiality should apply with greater  force, then, to Staff Secretary documents, which include some of the  most sensitive policy advice going directly to a President. In this  case, it was President George W. Bush. Indeed, the White House Staff  Secretary is essentially the inbox and outbox for the President of the  United States. Now, that is not to say that it is not a very important  position, but it doesn't get involved in much policy.   The Senate's current task is to evaluate the qualifications of Judge  Kavanaugh, not to relitigate every political and policy disagreement  from President George W. Bush's 8 years in the White House.   As my Democratic colleagues keep pointing out, Judge Kavanaugh has  described how his time as Staff Secretary was a formative experience  for him. Well, Justice Kagan said the same thing about her time as  Solicitor General, but in the case of Kagan, the Democrats refused to  request her records.   On top of the undisputed relevance of Solicitor General material,  Judge Kagan, however, lacked a judicial record. In other words, unlike  the more than 300 opinions that Judge Kavanaugh authored and the  hundreds more opinions that he joined in during his 12 years of service  on the DC Circuit, Justice Kagan had zero judicial opinions that she  offered, zero judicial opinions that she joined, and zero years of  judicial service.   Her Solicitor General documents were, therefore, even more relevant.  Democratic leaders, then, are rewriting the Kagan standard to further  their stalling tactics.   The minority leader also tried to draw a parallel--or parallels--with  the request for documents from Justice Sotomayor's time as a board  member of the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Education Fund. This,  however, was a narrow request, closely tailored to a specific need for  information. It resulted in the production of approximately 100  documents, not millions of documents, as are involved with the White  House Staff Secretary.   In contrast, Democratic leaders demand access to every single one of  the millions and millions of pages of emails and other records from  every one of the 100 staffers who served in the White House with Judge  Kavanaugh. As I have said repeatedly, I will not put the American  taxpayers on the hook for the Senate Democrats' fishing expedition.   Clearly, losing on the substantive arguments, the minority leader has  even resorted to personally attacking Mr. Bill Burck, President George  W. Bush's attorney. Mr. Burck has been one of President Bush's  designated representatives for the Presidential Records Act, going way  back to 2009. He is a leading partner in one of America's most  respected and, I think, most liberal law firms.   I am told that he has insisted that no lawyer be selected to  participate in the review of President Bush's White House papers on the  basis of his or her party affiliation or political ideology. Moreover,  Mr. Burck has taken the time to personally meet with the ranking  member's staff and answer all of their questions about the document  review process that I am describing to you here.   The minority leader said at a press conference today that the review  by President Bush's lawyers ``wouldn't be so bad if he also got a full  set of documents from the Archives.'' Well, that is exactly what I  expect to happen--in other words, a full set of documents from the  Archives.   President Bush has offered to give us access to copies of documents  that we requested from the Archives so that we on the committee can  quickly begin our review of Judge Kavanaugh's record while the Archives  works through our document request. The minority leader could have  learned this by simply having a conversation with me instead of putting  on a political show in front of TV cameras earlier today.   I must also address the minority leader's unprecedented intervention  into the business of the Judiciary Committee. The minority leader is  not a member of that committee. We are not going to let him run the  committee. I am the chairman of that committee. He has no business  inserting himself  [[Page S5480]]  into the committee's business, including the manner in which the  committee will obtain the documents needed to review Judge Kavanaugh's  record.   But last week he sent a letter to President George W. Bush, asking  him to release all records from Judge Kavanaugh's service in the White  House, while at the same time criticizing the way that President Bush  has chosen to review those records. This letter was an inappropriate  attempt to meddle in the committee's business, and I am disappointed  that my Democratic colleagues on the committee are tolerating that sort  of intervention.   I have also learned that the minority leader called the Archivist on  Monday and asked him to ``do the right thing'' with regard to the  documents.   I was disappointed to hear that the minority leader was attempting to  pressure a government official--one appointed by President Obama, can  you believe--with regard to the committee's business.   I also want to address one argument that my colleague on the  Judiciary Committee, the senior Senator from Illinois, has made. My  colleague believes Judge Kavanaugh misled the committee during his 2006  confirmation hearing when he said he was not involved in developing the  Bush administration's detention and interrogation policies. The senior  Senator pointed to a media report that described a 2002 meeting in the  White House in which Judge Kavanaugh advised whether his former boss,  Justice Kennedy, would accept a legal argument about American citizens'  access to counsel.   These allegations have no merit, and here is why. Offering advice on  the potential success of a legal position suggested by others--meaning  others in the White House Staff Secretary's Office--does not show  involvement in developing detention and interrogation policies.   Multiple sources have confirmed that Judge Kavanaugh wasn't involved  in developing detention and interrogation policies. Moreover, these  allegations were already referred to the Department of Justice, which  concluded that they didn't even warrant opening an investigation.   I will further point out that this 2002 meeting occurred while Judge  Kavanaugh was in the White House Counsel's Office and, as I have  explained, the entire Senate--or at least the entire Judiciary  Committee--is going to have access to Judge Kavanaugh's White House  Counsel records.   In short, I am proud to preside over what will be the most  transparent confirmation process in history. As they have said  publicly, Democratic leaders are firmly opposed to Judge Kavanaugh's  confirmation, and they have also said that they will do whatever it  takes to defeat Judge Kavanaugh. They would like to bury the Senate in  a mountain of irrelevant documents to delay the confirmation process as  long as possible. As you can tell from my remarks today--and my remarks  three or four times since Judge Kavanaugh was appointed--I am not going  to allow the minority to abuse the process.   I yield the floor.   