 HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of  my bill, H.R. 4467, the Strengthening Aviation Security Act.   Mr. Speaker, last year, I learned that, while the Federal Air Marshal  Service considers its travel budget and the number of personnel when  determining which flights will be covered by air marshals, they do not  consider risk.   This current system might maximize the number of flights covered by  air marshals, but it does not ensure that the highest risk flights-- those likely to be hijacked by a potential terrorist--would be covered  by air marshals. The Strengthening Aviation Security Act would fix this  flawed policy by requiring the Federal Air Marshal Service to  incorporate risk in its deployment strategy in three ways:    First, this legislation requires the Federal Air Marshal Service to  utilize a risk-based strategy when allocating resources between  international and domestic flight coverage. Currently, the Federal Air  Marshal Service does not account for risk when it sets its annual  target numbers of average international and domestic flights to cover.   Second, this legislation requires the Federal Air Marshal Service to  utilize a risk-based strategy to support domestic allocation decisions.  Currently, these decisions are made based on the professional judgment  of subject matter experts. Without documented risk assessments, the  Federal Air Marshal Service cannot justify to the TSA, the Department  of Homeland Security, or Congress why it chooses to deploy air marshals  on certain flights and not on others.   Third, this legislation requires the Federal Air Marshal Service to  utilize  [[Page H1673]]  a risk-based strategy to support international allocation decisions.   Shockingly, the Federal Air Marshal Service does not currently  document the rationales for their international allocation decisions.  Without this documentation, there is no verifiable method to determine  whether the decisions are intelligence-driven, risk-based, or even in  compliance with the TSA or DHS directives. Unless the Federal Air  Marshal Service accounts for risk at every level of its deployment  strategy, it cannot ensure that it is devoting its resources to cover  the highest-risk flights.   It is incumbent upon us in Congress to address any vulnerabilities to  our national security and to enable our Federal agencies to effectively  deter, detect, and disrupt any attacks planned by our enemies, and this  legislation does just that.   I would like to thank Chairman McCaul and Chairman Katko for their  strong support of this legislation, and I urge all my colleagues to  support this bill.   