 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues in the  House to support my legislation, H.R. 299, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam  Veterans Act.   More than 6 decades ago, the United States deployed troops to Vietnam  to fight communism and protect our national security interests abroad.  Over the course of 20 years, American troops fought side by side with  Vietnamese forces. Tragically, more than 58,000 American soldiers lost  their lives during the conflict.    However, in the aftermath of the war, the United States government  linked chemicals in Agent Orange, a powerful herbicide used by U.S.  forces, to many harmful medical conditions affecting those who served  in or around Vietnam.   While the Federal Government has provided for those who have served  on Vietnamese soil, those who have served in the territorial seas of  the Republic of Vietnam lack the compensation and treatment they  deserve.   Despite undeniable evidence that Agent Orange entered the South China  Sea and contaminated shipboard systems and countless studies that  clearly show the connection between Agent Orange and higher rates of  serious disease among shipboard veterans, the Department of Veterans  Affairs continues to deny claims from the blue water Navy Vietnam  veterans.   The brave sailors who served in the Vietnam war were willing to pay  the ultimate price for their country, and many did just that. Providing  adequate medical care to those who survive when they return home is the  least we can do to show our appreciation for their service.   My bill, H.R. 299, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act, would  restore the presumption of service connection to the blue water Navy  veterans, ensuring they receive proper treatment for the health  conditions  [[Page H5616]]  they acquired in their service to our Nation.   Since I was elected, I have fought to ensure our Nation's veterans  have proper medical care, which is why I first introduced this  legislation. However, passage of this bill today would not be possible  without Mrs. Susie Belanger, who worked tirelessly to raise awareness  of this issue; Chairman Phil Roe and the House Veterans' Affairs  Committee staff for their unwavering support; and the dedication of  thousands of Americans who called their representatives, urging they  cosponsor this legislation.   Every day, thousands of brave veterans who served in the Vietnam war  fight the health effects of Agent Orange exposure. Many are in pain and  suffering. It is far past time we pass this critical legislation and  give them the comfort and care they deserve.   