 Mr. President, the Trump administration has come up  with a name for its energy policy. The energy policy amounts to,  basically, a big, fat cascade of gifts and special favors for oil, gas,  and coal companies, which, in turn, make big political contributions.  Trump officials call the policy ``energy dominance.'' More accurately,  its name would probably be ``fossil fuel industry political dominance''  or one might actually call it ``ignorance dominance'' since the  administration willfully ignores scientific understanding, basic  economics, market theory, and even the warnings of our national  security community.   The situation is not pretty from an environmental point of view. EPA  Administrator Scott Pruitt is busily trying to roll back rules that  limit, for instance, emissions of methane, which is a more powerful  greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide. He is considering walking back fuel  efficiency standards that save drivers money at the pump. President  Trump withdrew the United States from the Paris climate accord and was  promptly ignored by every other nation on Earth.   Last month, on the Interior Secretary's recommendation, Trump took  big areas of the Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante National  Monuments, in Utah, away from the public and opened them, instead, to  big mining and oil and gas interests. Zinke has even proposed to open  almost all U.S. coastlines to drilling by oil and gas companies. That  includes drilling in protected areas in the Arctic, drilling up and  down the Atlantic coast, expanded drilling in the Gulf of Mexico, and  drilling along the Pacific coastline. The plan even includes Georges  Bank and other crucial fishing grounds for New England.   This drilling scheme is likely dead on arrival. Republican Governors  in New Jersey, Maryland, and Florida have all denounced the plan, as  have Florida's Democratic and Republican Senators. It even runs into  objections from the Pentagon. When President Obama considered opening  the southern Atlantic coast to drilling 2 years ago, the Defense  Department told the Obama administration that offshore energy  development could interfere with military readiness and missile  testing.   Given the dominance of fossil fuel political interests in this  administration, the whole Trump energy dominance scheme, of course,  neglects the warnings of our national security experts about climate  change--climate change as an accelerant of global instability and  conflict and climate change as a direct hazard to military  installations and infrastructure, from the Naval Station Norfolk to  faraway facilities like Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean.   In 2008, the National Intelligence Council reported more than 30 U.S.  military installations facing risk from rising sea levels. A  vulnerability assessment directed by the ``2010 Quadrennial Defense  Review'' found that at around 3 feet of sea level rise, 128 military  installations are at risk. Naturally, many of those belong to the  Navy--indeed, 56 out of those 128. It is a significant share of the  Navy's global footprint, totaling around $100 billion in value.   In 2011, the National Academy of Sciences report, ``National Security  Implications of Climate Change for U.S. Naval Forces,'' recommended the  continued review of how sea level rise and changes in storm frequency  and intensity would affect coastal installations.   The National Defense Authorization Act, which we just passed, directs  the Department of Defense to study how climate change will affect our  most vulnerable military bases over the next 20 years, including ``the  effects of rising sea tides, increased flooding, drought,  desertification, wildfires, thawing permafrost,'' as well as how  climate change may drive new requirements for combatant commanders.   The law includes a sense of Congress statement that ``climate change  is a direct threat to the national security of the United States and is  impacting stability in areas of the world both where the United States  Armed Forces are operating today, and where strategic implications for  future conflict exist.''   That is a sense-of-Congress statement that has passed this  Republican-controlled Senate and the Republican-controlled House and  was signed into law by this administration. Thank you to the author of  this language, my friend and fellow Rhode Islander, Congressman Jim  Langevin.   Even the U.S. Government Accountability Office has engaged. The  independent oversight agency issued a report titled, ``Climate Change  Adaptation: DoD Needs to Better Incorporate Adaptation into Planning  and Collaboration at Overseas Installations.''   I think that title gives away the punch line. Surveying our bases and  installations across the world, GAO found that weather and climate  change pose operational and budgetary risks to infrastructure. GAO  recommended that DOD's climate planning efforts be expanded and  increased; specifically, that the Secretaries of the Army, Navy, and  Air Force require defense installations to ``systematically track the  costs associated with extreme weather events and climate change'' and  that DOD better coordinate addressing climate change risks across  different DOD installations.   This picture in the GAO report shows an unnamed military facility in  the Pacific that has at times been cut off by flooding from access  points to its munitions storage complex. If you have a military  facility that can't get access to its munitions storage, you have a  problem.   This is the picture of the flooded entryway, and this is the picture  of the similar entryway under normal circumstances, able to be  traveled.   A 2014 typhoon caused flash flooding here that trapped and imperiled  American personnel. The point is, when climate change effects inhibit  military base operations, defense preparedness requires climate  preparedness.   Naval Station Norfolk, the largest Navy base in the world, is a  poster child for the devastation that awaits our coastal military bases  if we continue to pump out the greenhouse gas emissions that are  driving sea level rise. A tide gauge operated at the base since 1927  has shown nearly 15 inches of vertical sea level rise so far. In the  broader Hampton Roads metro area, home not only to the Navy but also to  facilities of the Air Force, the Marine Corps, the Coast Guard, NASA,  and NOAA, high tides are already regularly forcing seawater back  through storm drains and flooding roadways.   DOD's own environmental research program, the Strategic Environmental  Research and Development Program, used Norfolk as its case study for  sea level rise and extreme storm risks to coastal DOD installations.  The study found a ``tipping point'' of about a half meter, 1.6 feet, of  sea level rise, at which point ``the probabilities of damage to  infrastructure and losses in mission performance increased  dramatically.'' This is mapping of the flood hazard around Naval  Station Norfolk.   This tipping point at which the mission performance losses increase  dramatically is only a few decades away. Retired RADM David Titley, a  former oceanographer and navigator of the Navy and leader of its  Climate Change Task Force, said Norfolk has about 10 to 15 years to get  serious about sea level rise in the region before ``we're really  cutting it close.''   In 2017, CAPT Dean Vanderley, who leads infrastructure engineering at  the Norfolk Naval base, admitted that sea level rise is ``something  where I don't know that we've fully defined the problem. And we have  definitely not fully defined the solution.''   Retired CAPT Joe Bouchard, a former base commander, told  InsideClimate News that Naval Station Norfolk would need significant  improvements to nearly every piece of infrastructure, from electrical  and drainage systems to pier improvements, not to mention a seawall. He  estimated this work could cost more than $1 billion and take as long as  a decade to complete. That is just one base with $1 billion and a  decade's worth of work. The DOD has identified over 128 bases that  would be at significant risk with 3 feet of sea level rise. I think  NOAA's current estimate is for 6 feet of global sea rise by the end of  the century.  [[Page S126]]    Even though our President is clueless about the basics of climate  change, his Secretary of Defense understands and acknowledges the  risks. In response to congressional questioning last year, Secretary  Mattis said, ``Climate change is impacting stability in areas of the  world where our troops are operating today. . . . It is appropriate for  the Combatant Commands to incorporate drivers of instability that  impact the security environment in their areas into their planning.''   Well, for political reasons, the White House can't acknowledge the  problem so the recently published ``National Security Strategy''  totally disregards all of these recommendations. It will not even  mention the forbidden words. We know these words are forbidden in the  Trump administration because over and over again the memos leak out  about people being told don't say the words ``climate change.''   Instead, with all these warnings from GAO, from senior military  officials, from the National Intelligence Council, from a decade of  Quadrennial Defense Reviews, and the testimony of Secretary Mattis-- instead of listening to that, Trump parrots climate change denial  talking points that come from the phony fossil fuel front groups. It is  pathetic. Calling this deliberate ignorance ``energy dominance'' may be  a fine fossil fuel flourish, but it is completely disconnected from  actual safety, security, and military readiness--and don't get me  started on what the fossil fuel industry's systematic corruption of our  democracy means for America's fabled status as that ``city on a hill.''   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   