 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this is a straightforward amendment to ensure  that the EPA is laser-focused on helping address the biggest source of  water pollution in the United States: stormwater runoff.   Stormwater runoff is what happens when rain falls--we get a lot of  that in Washington State--and it flows across roofs, parking lots, and  streets. As that rainwater heads on its way to rivers, lakes, and bays,  it picks up all sorts of toxic, nasty stuff like metals, oils,  fertilizers, and pesticides, just to name a few.   Toxic stormwater has a direct effect on the health of our waterways  and, more importantly, on our economy. Nowhere is that more clear,  frankly, than in my home State of Washington and in the Puget Sound,  which is, by water volume, the largest estuary in America.   We actually have video of polluted stormwater literally killing  salmon in a matter of hours--not days or weeks, but hours--and our  endangered southern resident orcas, which we are on the verge of losing  altogether, are harmed both by having fewer salmon to lunch on and by  absorbing the pollutants directly into their body.   We have made a lot of progress in this country in dealing with point- source pollution, but stormwater runoff is a lot tougher to deal with  now. It is a lot more decentralized, and there are a lot of  jurisdictions involved. It is going to require a lot of improvement in  water infrastructure over time.   State and local governments are kind of stepping up to be sure to  meet this challenge. They know the harms posed by stormwater, but their  budgets are stretched thin. What they really need is a strong partner  in the Federal Government.   That is part of why I am so glad the House just last night passed a  companion bill to this, the Innovative Stormwater Infrastructure Act,  on consent. It had strong, bipartisan support. It creates a task force  at EPA comprised of Federal, State, and local governments, along with  nonprofit and private partners to develop recommendations for finding  some innovative ways to fund stormwater infrastructure.   But the recommendations coming out of that task force won't be very  useful if we don't know more precisely what and how big the need is.  That is why the Clean Watersheds Needs Survey is important. That is a  survey that Congress actually required of the EPA to conduct under the  Clean Water Act on a periodic basis. It is a comprehensive assessment  of the outstanding need for stormwater and wastewater control  facilities nationwide.   We know there is a need. In my State alone, we estimate that  stormwater runoff can be solved with a $19 billion, with a B,  infrastructure investment over the next generation.   The last survey that EPA did dates way back to 2012, and a lot has  happened since, a lot of water under the bridge, pun intended.   To be clear, we are dealing with data that is 6 years old. In order  to make sure our communities are able to deal with the problem,  frankly, we need to have better and more current data. That is what  this is about: good data, good science.   This is what this amendment seeks to do by ensuring the Clean  Watersheds Needs Survey is prioritized by the EPA, no new money, just  prioritized to get that done as required under the law. It is, frankly,  not that large of an expenditure to undertake.   We have to make sure that the agency is in fact using every tool in  its toolbox to help our communities address stormwater. I will say it  again: The number one leading cause of water pollution in America is  stormwater. Of course, that starts with being able to have a full  picture of the problem we face.   Mr. Chairman, for this reason, I urge my colleagues to support the  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, however the chairman has journeyed to his  conclusion, it is deeply appreciated. I urge my colleagues to vote  ``yes,'' and I yield back the balance of my time.   