 Madam President, I again rise, especially today, as the  Senate continues to consider legislation on an issue that is critically  important to our Nation. It is the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018,  or what we call the farm bill.   I want to emphasize again--and I don't know how I can emphasize this  more strongly--that I hope my colleagues will understand that the  responsibility, the absolute requirement is to provide farmers,  ranchers, growers, and everyone within America's food chain certainty  and predictability during these very difficult times that we are  experiencing in agriculture.   As I speak, right now in Kansas, farmers are on combines, and trucks  are taking grain to the elevator or to storage, more likely, with the  wheat harvest. I can see in several counties, probably up in Northwest  Kansas. We have finished that in the southern part of our State. These  are the same folks who have had combines on the move from Texas to  Oklahoma and now in Kansas. I can see a farmer who had planned on  harvesting this week, but, perhaps, due to a hail storm, he is in a bad  situation. Luckily for him, he has crop insurance, and luckily for him,  we have been able to preserve crop insurance after going through  several iterations of attempts to cut it--or, as some people say,  reform it. I can see him saying: When is the Congress going to pass the  farm bill? When can I go to my banker, my lender, and tell him I have  assurance that I can keep going on the farm next year, especially if  his crop has been destroyed, which happens.   That is the person I am thinking about, especially today, when I  think we ought to wrap this up. It is time, especially with regard to  what we have accomplished so far. The bill passed the Ag Committee.  This bill had a strong bipartisan vote of 20 to 1.   This month, this bill exactly provides the certainty and the  predictability that I have just mentioned. The Ag Committee product  also includes portions of 67 stand-alone bills, and an additional 74  amendments were adopted in the committee, and we have included 18  amendments thus far during consideration in the full Senate. We have  worked to include as many priorities for Members as possible, and we  want to work on a possible managers' package to include a handful of  additional amendments. So it is not like a situation where Members have  not had an opportunity to vote. Senator Stabenow and I have extended  our outreached hands to Members to say that we stand ready to consider  your amendments.   We are endeavoring to craft a farm bill that meets the need of  producers across all regions and all crops. In Michigan, where  oftentimes I go with Senator Stabenow and have agriculture roundtables,  or even individual visits, I look at that great State's production with  regard, more specially, to special crops. They are struggling. Kansas  farmers are struggling. California growers are struggling. All of  agriculture is struggling--not just one or two commodities. We must  have a bill that works across all of our great Nation.   More than 500 organizations representing thousands in agriculture,  food, nutrition, hunger, forestry, conservation, rural business, faith- based organizations, research, and academic issues have issued  statements supporting this bill. This is what happens when the Senate  works in a bipartisan fashion. We are doing just that. This is a good  bill that accomplishes what we set out to do--again, to provide  certainty and predictability for farmers, families, and rural America.   It is especially timely when we have a trade policy that has a  question mark at the end of it. I dearly hope that the President is  successful with trade negotiations--with NAFTA. I think we should take  another look at TPP or China and the problem with tariffs. I know the  administration is trying to send a very strong message and address the  trade deficit that we have had, but the moment that happens, there is  retaliation, and 90 percent of the time, the retaliation comes at  agriculture and small manufacturers all across the country, and for  that matter, everybody up and down the food chain and in many other  areas of the economy as well.   So, again, that farmer is out there on that combine in Kansas trying  to finish up his crop. Hopefully, the weather has not destroyed it,  but, again, if that has happened, he at least has crop insurance. He  wants assurance, and I know what he is saying because I visit with them  all the time.   In my entire public career, this is my eighth farm bill. This is not  our first rodeo, Senator Stabenow, as you well know.   I know what he is thinking. He is thinking: Roberts said he would get  us a bill. Senator Moran says he is going to get us a bill. The entire  Kansas delegation says: We are working on a farm bill. And we do that  every time.   We need to wrap this up today. I look forward to working with my  colleagues on continuing to move this process forward. I would simply  say that we need to get this done. Again, the paramount issue is to get  it done and to provide farmers certainty and predictability.   If I sound like I am repeating that 10 times, I intend to. All other  issues, which I know Senators feel are terribly important, come into  second place. I have strong issues. I mean, this is not the best  possible bill. It is the best bill possible, and we worked very hard to  produce that.   I yield to my distinguished colleague from Michigan.    I thank my colleague and my friend.   How many times have we heard from the folks back home: Why on Earth  do you folks back there keep fussing at one another? Why don't you work  together to get something done? Well, amen to that. That is the bill we  have produced.   I remember the gold medal ceremony of Senator Bob Dole. He was  presented a gold medal for his tremendous leadership in the Senate. He  was known for working across the aisle and getting things done. When we  awarded that gold medal several months ago in Statuary Hall, Bob, at 94  years old, stood up when they played the national anthem, from his  wheelchair, on his own.   For a time on a Tuesday, we were partisan in the House and to some  degree in the Senate. I could go into all the cloture votes I have felt  were not necessary--104, 105; I don't know how many we have had--and 4  months of delay, but I am not going to do that. So on Tuesday, we were  partisan; Wednesday, we were bipartisan, paying tribute to Bob.  Everybody said: Well, why can't you emulate his example and work  together? Then, after Wednesday, on Thursday, we were back to some  partisan differences or philosophical differences or ideological  differences. Compromise, again, was a dirty word.   Well, this is our opportunity. We have proved that we can work  together on the Ag Committee. We are the least partisan committee in  the Congress. For goodness' sake, when agriculture is almost in a  crisis and we desperately need to provide the farmers with the  knowledge that we are fashioning a bill to their benefit and that it is  a good bill, why on Earth can't we get this done?   I thank my colleague for her comments.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I think I owe an apology to many of my  Republican colleagues, if I could call for regular order, please.    Mr. President, I think I owe an apology to many of my  Republican colleagues, and I hope I can get their attention.   We have talked a lot about the need for a farm bill. We have talked  about  [[Page S4709]]  how we are in a rough patch in agriculture and how it affects every  part of the country--all regions, all crops--and that we have crafted a  farm bill in a bipartisan way with most of the titles.   I have not talked enough to stress what we have done with regard to  the SNAP program, in terms of reform and efficiencies, and solving that  bonus program that was full of errors, prompting the IG to fine several  States.   Bear with me. I want to go over some of this progress that I think my  colleagues will be interested in.   I thank my colleague for his amendment, which would modify the work  requirements under SNAP, as has been indicated, and require a photo ID  with the use of a SNAP EBT card. I understand the intent to work toward  self-sufficiency among SNAP participants. By the way, the best thing we  have done is we have seen the economy improve and have seen to it that  people have jobs and can get jobs and actually get off of food stamps.   While I understand the intent is to promote work by broadening the  application of the requirements, our bill would focus more on  employment and training in the work requirements. The point I am trying  to make is that in addition, many of the provisions in the amendment  are duplicative of current law and regulations and would create  significant administrative burdens for the Department of Agriculture  and State agencies--something we don't want.   Our bill is focused on more accountability in the employment and  training programs to get folks back on the path to employment. Ten  States have pilot programs, taking a look at exactly how they can  accomplish this goal. Eight more we deal with in this bill. That is 18  States where we have pilot programs where we can actually make progress  and that is by States innovating, by adopting State pilot programs, as  I have just mentioned.   We authorize new State innovation employment and training pilots. I  just basically addressed that. We make sure State work programs consult  with local employers when setting up and evaluating a training program.  That means we are much more specific. We set up a process for groups of  employers and nonprofit stakeholders to conduct their own training  programs that count for SNAP participants with minimal regulatory  burden.   So we are achieving regulatory reform while, at the same time,  getting basically nonprofit stakeholders to come in and actually take  part. That is a good thing.   These are all things that will provide the tools to States, to  people, to employers, and to nonprofits that will get people working  again.   I urge my colleagues to support my motion to table this amendment,  and then we can find the appropriate balance in getting people working  again. Obviously, we point out that this issue is going to come up  again when we go to conference--if we can get a bill; if we can at  least keep on the bipartisan track to get a farm bill done.   Again, I appreciate the effort to combat fraud in SNAP, but I am in  opposition to this amendment, along with the independent grocers, the  convenience stores, and retailers all across the country.   Current law allows States to have a photo on EBT cards, but most  States have concluded that the cost of putting a photo on the card  would outweigh any savings from fraud prevention. For the few States  that have opted for a photo EBT card, it has created so much confusion  at the register for many retailers, since EBT cards are shared with  different people in a household. It is a problem.   While I share concerns about the SNAP program's integrity, the bill  already includes several provisions that would improve the integrity of  the program, such as the use of increased data matches across the  program.   These are efficiencies I haven't talked about to my Republican  colleagues. I know the ranking member certainly has made her caucus  aware of them. Therefore, I respectfully urge my colleagues to oppose  this amendment.   Mr. President, I move to table the Kennedy amendment No. 3383 and ask  for the yeas and nays.    Thank you, Mr. President.   We are getting very close to finalizing the farm bill on a bipartisan  basis. We just have some UC requests we are going over. Stay tuned. I  hope Members understand that when we do have a vote--this vote was over  60 minutes. There was some commentary on it. I understand that, but  certainly we can do better than that on behalf of our ranchers,  farmers, growers, and the great State of Texas. Thank you very much,  and we will be back to you just as quickly as we can. I know people  have very important schedules to meet.   I yield to the Senator from Michigan.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, the amendment offered by Senator Lee and  Senator Booker would prohibit checkoffs from partnering with farm  groups and others that engage with government. This prohibition would  extend far beyond farm country, and it would have negative impacts on  the general public. This is because checkoffs partner with a diverse  number of entities, not just farm organizations, to conduct research  and education campaigns on environmental, conservation, improved  nutrition, and other critical areas that benefit our entire society.   Examples of entities who have contracted with checkoffs and would be  barred from continuing checkoff work because they engage in lobbying  include the American Heart Association, the American Association of  Pediatrics, and the National Women, Infants and Children Association.  These organizations and many others would be prohibited from partnering  with checkoffs if this amendment were adopted.   I urge my colleagues to think carefully about the impact this  amendment would have, and I urge a ``no'' vote on the Lee-Booker  amendment.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following amendments be agreed to en bloc: the amendment by Senator  Isakson, No. 3348; Senators Wyden and Murkowski, No. 3346; Senator  Enzi, No. 3181; Senators King and Collins, No. 3221; Senators  Gillibrand and Toomey, No. 3390; Senator Heinrich, No. 3287; Senator  Rubio, No. 3364; Senator Sullivan, No. 3303, Senator Hirono, No. 3321;  Senators Cortez Masto and Portman, No. 3388; Senator Durbin, No. 3389;  Senators Brown and Portman, No. 3323; Senator Cantwell, No. 3365;  Senator Moran, No. 3171; and Senator Thune, No. 3371. I further ask  that it be in order for the following amendment to be called up and  reported by number: the amendment by Senator Lee, No. 3074. I further  ask that the cloture motions with respect to H.R. 2 be withdrawn and  the Senate now vote on the  [[Page S4714]]  following amendments in the order listed: Senator Lee, No. 3074;  Senator Thune, No. 3134; and Senator Roberts, the substitute No. 3224;  further, that the Lee amendment be subject to a 60-vote affirmative  threshold for adoption; and that following disposition of the Roberts  amendment, the bill, as amended, if amended, be read a third time and  the Senate vote on passage with no intervening action or debate and  that passage be subject to a 60-vote affirmative threshold.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to  speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, which, I assure Members, I  will not do.    Mr. President, with 171 amendments and a vote of 86 to  11, obviously, getting this farm bill done has been a tremendous team  effort. You are only as good as your staff on both sides of the aisle,  and they make us look good when we stand up here a little confused  trying to get things a little sorted out.   I wish to thank my staff: James Glueck, DaNita Murray, Janae Brady,  Fred Clark, Meghan Cline, Haley Donahue, Matt Erickson, Darin Guries,  Chance Hunley, Chu Hwang, Chelsie Keys, Sarah Little, Curt Mann, Andy  Rezendes, Bob Rosado, Anthony Seiler, Wayne Stoskopf--who, by the way,  knows more about farm programs than anybody else on the staff, myself  included--Andrew Vlasaty, and Katherine Thomas.   I also want to mention Jackie Cottrell, Amber Kirchhoefer, Will  Stafford, Morgan Anderson, and Stacy Daniels in my personal office.   I want to especially thank the ranking member--vice chairman,  really--Senator Stabenow, and her team, led by the indomitable Joe  Shultz and Jacqlyn Schneider. The efforts of Jessie Williams, Amanda  Kelly, Bobby Mehta, Katie Salay, and Micah Wortham have been valuable  to the Ag Committee process.   Additionally, I thank the technical support from the Secretary of  Agriculture, Sonny Perdue, and the staff at the U.S. Department of  Agriculture. Thank you so much for your help.   I also appreciate the work of the Congressional Budget Office staff,  including: Tiffany Arthur, Megan Carroll, Kathleen FitzGerald, Jennifer  Gray, Jim Langley, and Robert Reese.   I now yield to my distinguished ranking member, Senator Stabenow.   I say to the Senator, thank you for being such a great partner.   