 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Foxx for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman's emphasis on preparing  people for the real world through educational experiences that expand  not only their abilities, but also their dreams. A lot of times the  best education takes place when a person is dreaming. I have seen a lot  of things happen in Michigan as a result of people all of a sudden  being caught with a sweet spot dream saying, ``Could I do that?'' and  they have done it.   Since coming to Congress, my top priority has been creating good- paying jobs and growing a healthy economy in Michigan. We have had our  challenges. We are delighted to see some very positive things taking  place in Michigan, and specifically in my district. That is why every  year we hold a large job fair at multiple places in my district. We had  one just last week, in fact.   Over the years, we have helped the hardworking men and women in our  communities find employment, further their education, and pursue career  advancement opportunities. That is a key: to let them know that they  can advance; they are not stuck; you can always move on.   When we did our first job fair back in 2011, the national  unemployment rate was around 9 percent. Now it is down below 4 percent  for the first time since 2000.   As our economy continues to thrive, there are currently 6.6 million  job openings waiting to be filled across the country, and businesses  are anxious to hire workers with the right experience to fill them.   I just met with six of those employers just before coming here, and  their only concern is: How do we fill the jobs that we have to take on  all the contracted projects in construction that we have?   My colleagues and I on the Education and the Workforce Committee are  working in a bipartisan way to help bridge the skills gap by expanding  career and technical education.   In today's economy, we need to celebrate the fact that not everyone  follows the same path. That is a good thing. We need to move beyond the  notion that a 4-year degree is the only way to climb the ladder of  opportunity.   In Michigan, we have a number of community colleges, career centers,  and school districts leading the way in career and technical education.  I think they have heard Chairwoman Foxx speak and they have gotten the  point. We let it slide too long, and now we are picking up. These  programs have helped numerous students thrive and develop a diverse and  marketable skill set that prospective employers are seeking.   The bipartisan legislation we passed in the House will strengthen CTE  programs to help more students obtain the in-demand skills and jobs of  the future. The House-passed bill will also remove unnecessary and  duplicative licensing requirements that act as a barrier for workers  trying to get their foot in the door.    Coming from Michigan, we have a long and rich tradition of  manufacturing, engineering, and other highly skilled fields. Our  State's hardworking men and women are second to none.   I am here tonight to say let's keep up the momentum. Let's continue  to invest in building a talented and dynamic workforce and help prepare  our people for a lifetime of success. And, oh, may I add, enjoyment in  a sweet spot that they have found by being educated for the real-world  jobs that make a difference.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for the opportunity to speak on  this issue tonight.    Will the gentlewoman yield?    Mr. Speaker, on that very point, I think it is crucial  to understand that, if we are going to get people educated for real- world jobs, we are going to have to sometimes move the whole system out  of its comfort zone, and that means higher education as well. It can't  be assumed that that is the only game in town when, in fact, employers  are looking for something in certain cases very different and very  unique and very specific, custom made to fit those jobs.   Then, as the gentlewoman knows better than probably any of us, these  same employers will add to the benefit by adding additional training  opportunities for these good employees to continue to upgrade their  skills with more education. That is where we see higher education is  going to have to compete and come to an understanding that it is a  different world now and there are changes that have to take place if we  are going to continue to succeed. I appreciate that point, and we need  to get it done.   