 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, the purpose of this amendment is to deal  with the new rule entitled, ``National Ambient Air Quality Standards  for Ozone,'' which affects several Wisconsin counties that I represent  along Lake Michigan.   Since the original CLEAR Act came into effect, the Environmental  Protection Agency has had the authority to regulate air emissions from  stationary and mobile sources. They have--and this is a good thing-- over time, progressively come up with new rules, making the standards  more and more stringent for the counties along Lake Michigan.   If you are ruled a nonattainment, it is a burden. It is a burden on  industry that has to spend substantial amounts of additional money  dealing with stricter and stricter standards, putting them at a  competitive disadvantage compared to other parts of the country and  other parts of the world. It is also  [[Page H6515]]  a difficult thing for individual motorists who find their cars have to  be repaired. It is very expensive.   Some of it is easy for people who have a high salary to deal with.  Maybe they don't have an older car. But I have always felt that some of  this disproportionately affects the people who are just struggling to  get a goal in life.   Therefore, when the EPA comes up with new standards, it is not  without effect. They need to come up with new standards they proposed a  couple of years ago.   The purpose of the amendment is to prevent them from spending money  promulgating these new standards so that our industries may have a  predictable situation and not be at a competitive disadvantage.   I should point out that, insofar as the counties along Lake Michigan  are ruled a nonattainment, it may be through no fault of their own. In  part, for historical reasons, they have monitored the ozone by placing  the monitors real near Lake Michigan, where there are artificially high  amounts of ozone.   Secondly, we have a situation where, insofar as there are pollutants  in the area, almost all of them come from south of Wisconsin, out of  Chicago or areas further south. As a practical matter, it can be almost  impossible, or even impossible, for these Wisconsin counties to deal  with these problems.   I have been working with the Environmental Protection Agency on this  issue. After introducing the amendment, I have continued to work with  the Environmental Protection Agency.   While I would like to deal with this problem statutorily, I realize  it would be probably better for all concerned if the Environmental  Protection Agency, as well as the business community in Wisconsin, and  I could reach a conclusion.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   Mr. Chair, I withdraw my amendment.   