 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my bill, H.R. 4528, a  bill to make technical changes to certain marine fish conservation  statutes.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Bishop--and, Mr. Speaker, I did ask my  third cousin; he is in support, too--as well as Ranking Member Grijalva  for all of their collaboration and support on this important bill.   H.R. 4528 makes technical amendments to two marine fish conservation  statutes, the Billfish Conservation Act of 2012 and the Shark  Conservation Act of 2010.   First, the bill amends the Billfish Conservation Act of 2012. It  clarifies that the exemption from marlin and billfish fishing in Hawaii  and Pacific insular areas, as is tradition, can only be sold locally.  More specifically, it clarifies these fish cannot be sold to the other  49 States. This strikes a balance between preserving traditional  cultural fishing in these areas and the overall intent to prevent  large-scale commercial fishing of these billfish.   Second, it clarifies that, under the Shark Conservation Act of 2010,  there is no language in the Shark Conservation Act that alters existing  authority of the Secretary of Commerce to manage Atlantic highly  migratory species under the Magnuson-Stevens Act. It also cleans up  language in the Shark Conservation Act by removing an expired offset.   The main goal of this is to ensure protection against shark finning.  H.R. 4528 will fix confusion within the National Oceanic and  Atmospheric Administration to allow rulemaking to go forward for the  Atlantic smooth dogfish, a type of shark.   This bill has support from both the sportsmen-anglers communities and  conservation groups.   Again, I thank the Natural Resources Committee Chairman Bishop and  Ranking Member Grijalva for working with me on this. Without their  support, this legislation would not be on the floor today.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues in the Chamber to support  H.R. 4528, and I yield back the balance of my time.   