 Mr. President, my home State of Michigan has the best and  most productive workers in the world. Michigan workers built the  American auto industry and the American middle class, and they continue  to roll out cutting edge innovations.   Our farmers and agricultural producers deliver an incredible  diversity of fresh products to American families day in and day out.  Our cars, trucks, crops, timber, furniture, and more are shipped across  the United States and exported all across the globe.   In America, we believe that if you work hard and you play by the  rules, you will be able to support yourself and your family and  prosper. Unfortunately, our Nation's workers and businesses are too  often facing unfair competition from foreign competitors.   Our businesses, which play by the rules and pay their workers a fair  wage for a hard day's work, too often lose business to foreign  competitors who cheat. It is one thing to lose a sale to a competitor  that has the right product at the right time or is better positioned in  the market--that certainly happens--but it is another thing altogether  to lose because an international competitor is being subsidized by a  foreign government or deliberately dumping goods below cost to drive  American companies out of business. This needs to stop, and it needs to  stop now.   Large companies are able to directly combat these practices by hiring  teams of lawyers to enforce international trade rules, but what about  family farms, small auto parts suppliers, and other small manufacturers  that don't keep international trade lawyers on their payroll? American  small businesses, family farms, and the workers who show up every  morning can outcompete anyone on this planet if they are given a level  playing field. It is time to give them that level playing field. We  should be using the expertise and the strength of the Federal  Government to stick up for these small businesses and give them a fair  fight.   Under current law, the Commerce Department has the authority to start  their own trade investigation into these harmful trade practices, but  they barely ever use it. That is why I have introduced the Self- Initiation Trade Enforcement Act with my colleague Senator Burr.    This bipartisan legislation will strengthen protections for small  businesses and their workers by creating a permanent task force within  the Commerce Department to support proactive investigations into unfair  trade practices by foreign competitors. This task force will research  trade data, spot abusive, unfair trade practices, and start formal  investigations. This task force will also focus on cases impacting  small- and medium-sized businesses--the exact businesses that need the  support but may not even know how to ask for it.   Additionally, putting the weight of the Commerce Department behind  [[Page S1915]]  these efforts shields these businesses from foreign retaliation. If a  small business is able to track international trade data and if they  are then able to hire a legal team necessary to successfully prosecute  their claims--and believe me, these are two big ifs--they could still  face retaliation from foreign governments that could make it harder for  them to export after they win their case. An individual cherry grower  in northern Michigan, for example, faces nearly impossible hurdles in  taking on a foreign government, but the Commerce Department can look  out for these small growers across the Nation and be their champion.   At a recent bipartisan trade policy meeting that I attended, I was  able to speak with President Trump and Commerce Secretary Ross about  this bipartisan legislation. They both expressed their strong support,  and I will continue working with them and my colleagues in Congress  until this legislation is signed into law. Michigan workers and  businesses just want a fair chance to compete, and I will never stop  fighting for them so they can compete fairly and so they can win.   I urge my colleagues to support the Self-Initiation Trade Enforcement  Act that will help small businesses and family farms all across  Michigan and all across the United States.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   