 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for  yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, despite his laudable efforts to complete all fiscal year  2018 House bills on time, the perpetual stalemate on unrelated matters  left us with this undesirable choice of several continuing resolutions.   Piecemeal funding of government is universally harmful, but now we  have a chance to get back on track and finalize funding for fiscal year  2018.   Mr. Speaker, there is a reason why we have a rule against legislating  on appropriations bills, and yet here we are. The only holdback that  kept us from getting these bills done on time was the fact that a lot  of people--some, even, in leadership--who want to load onto this must- pass bill legislation that is controversial. Yet our committee has to  cope with an unsatisfactory arrangement.   Protecting American interests around the globe through military  readiness and diplomacy is not a luxury in this hostile environment. It  is a responsibility. This bill provides the necessary resources to  fulfill that responsibility.   It upholds our commitments to key strategic partners and allies such  as Israel, Jordan, Egypt, and Ukraine. The bill also will assist other  partners to fight terrorism, secure borders, resist aggression, and  stabilize communities affected by conflict.   We also uphold our longstanding commitment as Americans to help those  displaced by conflict or natural disaster or who are facing famine.   Today's bill will also fight back against the scourge of opioid abuse  and  [[Page H2018]]  help reignite the economy of coal country. Like Operation UNITE, in my  Kentucky district, the Federal Government has taken a holistic approach  to tackle the complex opioid problem. The agreement provides historic  levels of funding for law enforcement, treatment, prevention, recovery,  and research. Only when these elements all work in concert will we  truly be able to turn the tide and save lives.   In addition, after struggling under the war on coal, it is time to  turn a new page in central Appalachia. This bill will give us more  tools to strengthen economic development in that region.   First, the agreement invests in cutting-edge technologies to ensure  coal remains a significant part of our energy portfolio, both here at  home and abroad. There is also continued support for the Abandoned Mine  Land pilot program.    This support for the AML pilot program allows  us to clean up abandoned mines and repurpose them to create jobs.   Finally, I am proud that this agreement includes legislation that I  helped introduce, the STOP School Violence Act, which aims to curb the  epidemic of violence in our schools. This is a significant step forward  in our effort to protect our children from senseless tragedy.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote.   