 Mr. President, we are quickly turning to the Stop Enabling  Sex Traffickers Act legislation, coupled with the legislation that has  come over from the House of Representatives, and I hope we will get a  big bipartisan vote in support of that legislation when it is voted on,  probably tomorrow.   Let me just say that for more than two decades, the commercial  internet has been an undeniable force for good. It has delivered  economic opportunity to people who would not otherwise have had it. It  has empowered marginalized citizens around the world to fight back  against oppressors. It has expanded educational opportunities and made  news and information more accessible, and more. But like any tool, the  internet can be used for evil as well as good, and right now, certain  corners of the internet are being exploited to facilitate sex  trafficking, including the widespread trafficking of children.   Each year, thousands of children are sexually trafficked within the  United States. That is right. Thousands of children are trafficked each  year in the United States--not in some faraway country but right here  at home in our communities. More and more every day, this trafficking  is being facilitated via the internet. Three out of four children who  have been sexually trafficked in this country have been trafficked  online.   The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children reported an  846-percent increase in reports of suspected child sex trafficking from  2010 to 2015. The increase, the national center reports, is ``directly  correlated to the increased use of the internet to sell children for  sex.''   Obviously, dedicated prosecutors and law enforcement around the  country are working every day to combat the proliferation of sex  trafficking on the internet, but some of their efforts have been  stymied by a provision of a 1996 law called the Communications Decency  Act. The provision in question--section 230--was meant to protect  websites from being held accountable for material people create and  post on their sites. It is thanks in part to this provision that such  popular sites as Facebook, YouTube and Twitter have been able to  flourish. But certain websites have used this provision to defend  themselves in court cases dealing with criminal activity that they have  knowingly allowed or participated in--specifically, sex trafficking.   Needless to say, Congress never intended this provision to be used to  protect websites that knowingly and deliberately facilitate  trafficking, but courts have generally held that this provision does  not permit them to hold websites accountable for knowingly facilitating  sex trafficking.   Courts have also made clear that if Congress wants to ensure that  these trafficking accomplices can be prosecuted, it needs to provide  some more clarity on this provision. That is what we are here to do  today.   Senator Rob Portman of Ohio has been a leading voice in the Senate in  the fight against human trafficking, and the legislation before us  today includes his legislation, the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act,  which will prevent section 230 from being used as a defense by those  who are knowingly cooperating with sex traffickers. Under this Stop  Enabling Sex Traffickers Act, State law enforcement officials will be  able to prosecute websites that knowingly assist in or facilitate sex  trafficking, and victims will be allowed to sue websites that violate  the Federal sex trafficking statute. State attorneys general will now  also be allowed to file civil suits against websites that knowingly  facilitate trafficking.   The Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act is an outstanding bill and a  great credit to Senator Portman and the others he worked with to get it  considered here on the Senate floor. It addresses a hole in our laws  that is allowing sex traffickers to exploit the internet to facilitate  their trafficking, but it ensures that only bad actors are targeted,  and it maintains the key freedoms that have allowed the internet to  flourish. Under this legislation, websites can only be prosecuted if  they knowingly facilitate or support trafficking.   This bill is strongly supported by Members of both parties. In fact,  67 out of the 100 U.S. Senators are cosponsors of this bill. This bill  is supported by  [[Page S1834]]  the White House. It is supported by law enforcement organizations. It  is supported by organizations that fight sex trafficking. It is  supported by faith-based organizations. It is also supported by a  number of major technology companies. I was proud to help facilitate  conversations with a number of technology companies that resulted in  solid support for this bill among members of the technology community.   The process of getting this bill to the Senate floor today has been  characterized by a wonderful degree of bipartisanship. I am hoping that  continues as we debate this bill over the next couple of days, and I  encourage my colleagues to reject any attempts to slow this bill down  with amendments. We have a remarkable degree of consensus on the Stop  Enabling Sex Traffickers Act, both within and without Congress, and we  should not disturb this momentum. We need to get this bill over the  finish line. Every day that we wait for this bill to be enacted into  law is another day in which websites in the dark corners of the  internet can facilitate the heinous practice of sexually exploiting  vulnerable human beings.   During the Commerce Committee hearing that I chaired on this bill, we  heard testimony from Yvonne Ambrose, whose daughter, Desiree Robinson,  was sexually trafficked repeatedly before being murdered. Desiree was  just 16, a bright and loving girl who dreamed of becoming a doctor in  the Air Force. Instead, she was raped and murdered by a man twice her  age who had sought her for sex after seeing her advertised on an  internet site.   Every day across this country, there is another Desiree being  trafficked. Some of these children are not yet teenagers. They should  be going to basketball games and birthday parties. Instead, they are  being taken to homes and hotels and being violated by strangers. Some,  like Desiree, will die there.   Fighting trafficking has to be a priority for all of us.   I am proud to have helped draft two bills that became law earlier  this year to address human trafficking in commercial vehicles. But  while we have passed some good legislation over the past few years,  there is a lot more work that needs to be done. There are many more  Desirees out there in danger, and we have an obligation to do  everything we can to protected them.   The Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act will strike an important blow  against this new wave of traffickers exploiting the internet to sell  children, and the bill it is now part of, a bill that we are  considering today--the Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex  Trafficking Act--will further boost SESTA's impact by establishing new  criminal penalties for facilitating sex trafficking.   I urge my colleagues to pass this bill and to get it to the President  as soon as possible. There are a lot of children out there who are  waiting for our help.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   