 Mr. President, this week, the House of Representatives  will pass and send to the President the most important copyright reform  in decades. The name of the bill, which passed this body by unanimous  vote last week, is the Orrin G. Hatch-Bob Goodlatte Music Modernization  Act.   As the Senate was considering the bill, my good friend from  Tennessee, Senator Alexander, asked to rename the bill in my honor. I  was touched by this kind gesture from my good friend and by the  willingness of my colleagues to agree to this suggestion. It wasn't  necessary though.   We are also adding to the bill the name of the retiring House  Judiciary Committee chairman,  Bob Goodlatte, in recognition of all he  has done to get this bill across the finish line and to improve our  Nation's copyright laws.   The Music Modernization Act was years in the making. It was the  result of countless hours of hard work and many late nights by staff,  stakeholders, and Members of this body. My friend from Tennessee,  Senator Alexander, did an outstanding job last week here on the floor  explaining the need for the bill and how it will improve the music  marketplace. I will provide a brief summary at this time.   Our current music licensing laws are badly out of date. Too often,  songwriters don't get paid when their songs get played, and even when  they do get paid, they don't get paid at a fair market rate. This has  made it increasingly difficult for songwriters to make a living doing  what they love and has harmed our entire music industry. Some have even  left the field of writing songs. They have given up, and I really  lament that.   Songwriters are the lifeblood of American music. In order to have a  great single or a great album, you first have to have a great song. You  need the music. You need the lyrics. And you need them to fit together  in a way that makes you feel something, that tugs at your heart and  your heartstrings, that makes you feel excited or peaceful or  nostalgic.   Songwriting is an art. I know this because I have done it myself. I  have written dozens of songs over the years, and I even earned a gold  and a platinum record. I know firsthand how small the royalties are,  even when your song is a success. It is time to change that. The Music  Modernization Act will do so.   The heart of the bill is the creation of a mechanical licensing  collective to administer reproduction and distribution rights for  digital music. One of the driving forces in recent years of the decline  in songwriter royalties has been the transition to digital music. This  may seem a bit surprising as one might think that the availability of  millions of songs at the click of a mouse will lead to more royalties,  given that more music than ever before is now available  instantaneously.   The problem is that these big digital music companies, like Pandora  and Spotify, with their catalogs of millions of songs, simply don't  have the capability to find every single songwriter for every single  one of the songs they play. Tracking down the recording artist--that  is, the singer--usually can be done, but finding songwriters is a  different story.   The bill creates a mechanical licensing collective that is tasked  with identifying songwriters, matching them to sound recordings, and  then ensuring that a songwriter actually gets paid as he or she should.  Importantly, this collective will be run by songwriters themselves and  by their representatives in the publishing community.   This is an enormous victory for songwriters. For the first time in  history, songwriters and their representatives will be in charge of  making sure they get paid when their songs get played.   This is not the only thing the bill does, not by a long shot. It also  changes the rate standard for reproduction and distribution rights to  ensure that songwriters get paid a fair market rate, and it provides  important protections to digital music companies. It creates a blanket  digital license for companies like Pandora and Spotify so that they can  have certainty that they will not be sued when they offer songs for  download or interactive streaming. It also provides a liability shield  against past infringement, provided certain conditions are met--again,  so that digital music companies can have certainty in going forward.    The Music Modernization Act also makes important changes to  performance rights. It creates a Federal performance right for pre-1972  sound recordings and moves our licensing laws away from the patchwork  of inconsistent State laws and toward a more uniform, coherent Federal  standard. It ends the rate carve-out that legacy cable and satellite  providers have enjoyed for two decades that has allowed them to pay  below-market rates and stave off meaningful competition. This will  result in fairer rates for recording artists and create a more level  playing field for new market entrants.  [[Page S6293]]    The bill also provides that rate proceedings for performance rights  will rotate among judges and that judges may consider sound recording  royalty rates when setting corresponding rates for musical works, and  it makes a clear statement that the Department of Justice should work  with Congress to ensure there is a proper framework in place to  administer performance rights for musical works in the event the  Department decides it is time to sunset the ASCAP and BMI consent  decrees.   Lastly, the bill puts in place a formal process for producers, sound  engineers, and other behind-the-scenes players to receive a share of  the performance royalties. This will help to ensure that all of the  participants in the music-making process are fairly compensated for  their contributions.   As one can see, the Orrin G. Hatch-Bob Goodlatte Music Modernization  Act is a comprehensive piece of legislation that will have wide-ranging  impacts across the music landscape. It touches all sectors of the music  industry and makes important reforms to ensure that songwriters,  musicians, and other key contributors to American music are treated  fairly.   There is a reason this bill passed the Senate unanimously and why it  will pass the House with overwhelming support, which is that all sides  of the music industry came together to find a way to make our music  laws better, to make them function properly, and to update them for the  digital age. No side got everything it wanted, but everyone got  something. At the end of the day, we have a piece of legislation we can  all be proud of.   Now, the fact that this bill passed unanimously does not mean that it  was an easy lift--not by any means. This was an extraordinarily  complex, multifaceted piece of legislation with dozens of moving parts  and cross-cutting issues that impacted stakeholders in varying ways.  Each component of the bill was crucial to its passage, which made  negotiating and revising the legislative text an exceedingly delicate  process. There were numerous unexpected developments along the way,  each of which had to be handled in a manner that did not upset the  bill's careful balance. So I need to spend some time today in thanking  everyone who made it possible for us to get to this point. How often  does the Senate pass a 186-page bill unanimously? Almost never. That  alone tells you how well the bill's sponsors and their staffs managed  this process.   I first need to thank Senator Alexander, my dear friend from  Tennessee. He has been by my side throughout the entire process.  Senator Alexander is a tireless advocate for songwriters in his State  and for music in general in his State. This bill would not be on its  way to the President's desk in short order without all of his hard  work. I acknowledge it and compliment him in every way for it.   Senator Alexander's staff has been outstanding as well. In  particular, I need to recognize David Cleary, his chief of staff;  Lindsay Garcia, his general counsel; and Paul McKernan, his former  legislative assistant. They were wonderful to work with and deserve  tremendous credit for this victory.   I next need to thank Senator Whitehouse, who has been with me  throughout this entire journey as well. His chief counsel, Lara Quint,  has been a terrific help and an important liaison with my Democratic  colleagues.   I need to thank Chairman Grassley, who shepherded this bill through  the committee and made important contributions to the bill's oversight  and transparency provisions. His deputy staff director and chief civil  counsel, Rita Lari, put a lot of work into this bill and into the  accompanying committee report. Her determination and dedication made  this bill better and helped to bring us to this point today.   Ranking Member Feinstein deserves significant credit as does her  counsel, Anant Raut. They helped to make this bill a bipartisan  success.   Senator Coons played a pivotal role in this legislation. He was a  champion of title II, the CLASSICS Act, which creates a Federal  performance right for pre-1972 sound recordings. Special recognition  goes to Jamie Simpson, in his office, who led us through some  challenging negotiations and made sure we came out all right.   Senator Kennedy was the Republican lead on the CLASSICS Act, and I am  glad to have had this opportunity to work with him and with Nick  Hawatmeh and Brittany Sadler from his staff.   I also need to recognize two House colleagues. The first is  Representative Doug Collins, who has fought tirelessly for this bill.  He and his staff have been unstoppable. Every obstacle, every hurdle  they have worked to overcome. Even after the bill passed the House,  they did not let up. They were 100 percent committed to this  legislation, and I cannot thank them enough for everything they have  done. Brendan Belair, Representative Collins' chief of staff, and Sally  Rose Larson, his legislative director, have been absolutely  outstanding.   The other House colleague I need to recognize is my good friend  Bob  Goodlatte, the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee. Like me, Bob  is retiring this year. He has been a wonderful chairman. I have had the  privilege of working with him on a number of initiatives that have  become law--a whole raft of them. I am so glad to have had the  opportunity to work with him on this legislation before we leave  office, and I am so pleased to share my name with his on the bill.   I would like to give a special shout-out to his chief counsel for  intellectual property, Joe Keeley, who played a crucial role in  shepherding this bill through the House.   Now I need to turn to the industry stakeholders who came together to  make the compromises that made this bill possible and who did a superb  job of educating Congress on the need for this bill and how it is going  to make a difference for songwriters and musicians.   The first are the Nashville Songwriters Association International and  Songwriters of North America, which helped me and my colleagues to  understand how our current laws are hurting songwriters and what we  needed to do to help them. Next is the National Music Publishers  Association, which refused to give up on this bill even when the path  forward looked murky at best. ASCAP and BMI were also crucial players  that helped to energize tens of thousands of songwriters to support  this effort.   I next need to thank the Recording Industry Association of America,  as well as SoundExchange and the Recording Academy, for their work on  behalf of recording artists and their willingness to make the necessary  compromises to get this bill through.   The Digital Media Association and its member companies, including  Amazon, Apple, Microsoft, Pandora, Rhapsody, Spotify, and YouTube, also  deserve special recognition. They were essential in helping me and my  colleagues to understand the uncertainties of the current digital music  marketplace and why the reforms in the Music Modernization Act are  necessary to the continued growth and success of the digital music  ecosystem. The Internet Association similarly played an important  educative function, and I thank the association and its members for  their support.   The final industry stakeholder I would like to thank is the National  Association of Broadcasters. In particular, I would like to thank the  association for its willingness to compromise and for the support it  lent to later stages of the legislative process. The 50-State support  that the NAB gave to the bill made an important difference to a number  of my colleagues, and I thank the NAB for its advocacy.   The final thanks I need to offer is to my staff. This bill would not  have happened without them and their tireless dedication.   I would first like to highlight my communications team, Matt Whitlock  and Ally Riding. They did a terrific job in putting together materials  to help other offices and the public understand this bill and its  importance. They also showed some pretty serious video production  chops.   I would next like to thank my legislative director, Matt Jensen. Matt  worked diligently behind the scenes to identify the proper vehicle and  offset for the bill. He reviewed just about every fund and fee in the  entire Federal Government and would not give up.   Next up is my chief of staff, Matt Sandgren. Matt has been with me  now for 15 years. He is one of the finest aides I have ever had. He  spent years as my go-to intellectual property counsel before becoming  my chief of staff and has been an essential part of this process. He  had the foresight and strategic  [[Page S6294]]  know-how to get this bill across the finish line. No last-minute  obstacle was going to stop him.   Finally, I would like to thank my chief counsel, Chris Bates. Chris  oversaw this bill from start to finish--from the very first stakeholder  meetings, where we talked about broad outlines, to last week, when he  sat next to me here on the floor while the Senate passed the bill by  voice vote. For well over a year now, he has dealt expertly with dozens  of stakeholders and 100 Senate offices. He has had the judgment to know  when to strike deals and when to push forward. As the careful lawyer  that he is, he has made sure, at every step along the way, that the  bill's text has been precise, accurate, and tightly drafted.   This bill has been as complicated an endeavor as any bill I have done  during my 42 years in the Senate, and Chris deserves immense credit for  the way he has seen this bill through to enactment.   Let me just say that this bill means so much to me. It was a number  of years ago that a wonderful woman songwriter named Janice Kapp Perry  came to me and said: You write poetry. I would like you to write some  songs with me.   I thought that was a really nice offer. So I sat down and wrote 10  songs that weekend, all of which were put into recorded form, and we  have written a lot of songs ever since.   Then, all of a sudden, I had people from all over the country come to  me and say: I want to write some music with you. I have had artists and  songwriters and just good people come and really help me to learn this  business and learn what to do. It has been one of the great joys of my  life because I love music.   When I was a kid, my mother had an old violin, and I learned to play  that violin all the way through grade school, high school, and even in  college. I also had piano lessons--6 months of them. I have been able  to play most of the popular music on the piano ever since. I am not an  accomplished pianist like Senator Alexander, but I certainly enjoy  plinking on the keys.   Then, I had others on my staff who really helped me to understand  that music is a tremendously wonderful thing for people. It is  uplifting. It is inspiring. It can be humorous. There are so many  things it can be.   I have also enjoyed writing the lyrics for well over 100 songs. I  have one gold and one platinum record and a number of others that are  on their way, and I just feel really good that I have had the help of  all of these people to be able to do something that really brings me a  great deal of joy.   I thank Senator Alexander. He has been an inspiration to me. He is a  wonderful leader for his State and for Nashville. They couldn't have a  better leader in Senator Alexander, plus his being a wonderful person  too. He has been a great aide to me--a great help to me--throughout  this process, and I care for him a great deal.   There are others, of course, I would like to mention, but I will do  that separately at a later date.   I am grateful for music in my life. I am grateful I have had this  privilege of writing songs, some of which have been heralded and  acclaimed. I am grateful for those who have had the patience to work  with me. I am grateful the Mormon Tabernacle Choir has sung a number of  my songs--and they don't sing junk, let me tell you. You have to really  make the grade to have your song sung by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.  They have done a few of my songs, and I am grateful for that.   There are so many others I would like to compliment at this time. Let  me say this. I have taken enough time, but I am very grateful for this  privilege of learning how to write music and having written a number of  songs that are really popular today. I am grateful for my friends in  the Senate who have tolerated me. I am grateful for the poetry in my  life, which I have written since I was a kid. I am just grateful to God  for the many blessings I have had.   I am grateful to be a U.S. Senator. I am very grateful for the  privilege of associating with all of these wonderful people and for  those in the past who have served with us as well.   I would like to say more, but I will yield the floor.   