 Mr. President, Senator Hatch and I have introduced the  Retirement Enhancement and Savings Act of 2018. This bill makes a  number of improvements to our Nation's employer-provided retirement  plans and is the result of several years of bipartisan work on the part  of the Finance Committee. The Retirement Enhancement and Savings Act  was unanimously reported out of the Finance Committee in the prior  Congress, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   The bill that Senator Hatch and I have introduced is identical to the  bill reported by the Finance Committee except for updating effective  dates, omitting provisions that already have been enacted into law, and  several technical modifications to the provisions impacting the United  States Tax Court and to the safe harbor for employers for annuity  provider selection.   The safe harbor for annuity provider selection is a critical change  to current law that will encourage employers to offer annuities to  employees in 401(k) and other defined contribution retirement plans.  Many employers are reluctant to offer annuities in these types of plans  because of uncertainty about their liability in the event that an  insurer becomes insolvent and is unable to pay benefits under the  annuity. This safe harbor provides certainty for employers who select  insurers who are financially capable of meeting their commitments and  are in good standing with State regulators. The technical modification  to the safe harbor is a one-word change that clarifies that the safe  harbor is solely for the selection of the insurer and the possibility  that the insurer may not be able to make payments due under the  contract and is not a safe harbor for the selection of the contract. As  under existing law, the plan fiduciary remains required to prudently  select the type of annuity that is best for participants and  beneficiaries.       By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. Risch, and Mr. Kennedy):   S. 2527. A bill to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to  increase the amount of leverage made available to small business  investment companies; to the Committee on Small Business and  Entrepreneurship.    Mr. President, Senator Hatch and I have introduced the  Retirement Enhancement and Savings Act of 2018. This bill makes a  number of improvements to our Nation's employer-provided retirement  plans and is the result of several years of bipartisan work on the part  of the Finance Committee. The Retirement Enhancement and Savings Act  was unanimously reported out of the Finance Committee in the prior  Congress, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   The bill that Senator Hatch and I have introduced is identical to the  bill reported by the Finance Committee except for updating effective  dates, omitting provisions that already have been enacted into law, and  several technical modifications to the provisions impacting the United  States Tax Court and to the safe harbor for employers for annuity  provider selection.   The safe harbor for annuity provider selection is a critical change  to current law that will encourage employers to offer annuities to  employees in 401(k) and other defined contribution retirement plans.  Many employers are reluctant to offer annuities in these types of plans  because of uncertainty about their liability in the event that an  insurer becomes insolvent and is unable to pay benefits under the  annuity. This safe harbor provides certainty for employers who select  insurers who are financially capable of meeting their commitments and  are in good standing with State regulators. The technical modification  to the safe harbor is a one-word change that clarifies that the safe  harbor is solely for the selection of the insurer and the possibility  that the insurer may not be able to make payments due under the  contract and is not a safe harbor for the selection of the contract. As  under existing law, the plan fiduciary remains required to prudently  select the type of annuity that is best for participants and  beneficiaries.       By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. Risch, and Mr. Kennedy):   S. 2527. A bill to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to  increase the amount of leverage made available to small business  investment companies; to the Committee on Small Business and  Entrepreneurship.   