 Mr. President, today the Senate voted 87 to 10 to pass  the National Defense Authorization Act named for John S. McCain,  Senator McCain.   I want to do two things. I want to tell you a little bit about what  is in the bill and a little bit about John S. McCain.   This increases the size of our military by 24,000, which is  desperately needed. Too few have done too much for too long. Having a  larger military means people can stay with their families longer and  takes a lot of pressure off those who are serving. And we need more  troops, given the threats we have.   The equipment they are going to be receiving is the most modern that  we have available. We are buying 77 F-35s, which will make enemies of  our Nation think twice. We are improving the F-18, which has been a  great airplane.   The bottom line is that we are helping the Ukraine, which is standing  up to the Russians.   There is so much in this bill to relieve the pain and suffering from  the defense cuts of the last 6 or 7 years. This begins to restore a  hollowed-out military and improve their equipment, gives them more  training, more time at home, and the largest pay increasing in 9  years--2.6 percent is the largest pay increase in about 9 years, and  God knows they deserve it.   There are a lot of good things in this bill to make our military  stronger. There are reforms in this bill to make the Pentagon act more  efficiently.   In terms of Senator McCain, when you mention John McCain, most people  think American hero. They are right to do so. He suffered for his  country in a way that few have. He was in prison for over 5\1/2\ years.  He came back home with honor and dignity, like every other POW he  served with. He had a chance to leave early because his father was a  four-star admiral, and he said: ``I will wait my turn.''   Since then, he has been a force of nature as a Senator. He has taken  on the Pentagon to make it more efficient. He has never lost sight that  his primary obligation as a Senator is to defend the Nation. The men  and women in uniform have never had a better friend than Senator  McCain. The Pentagon has never had a more worthy adversary than John  McCain. Reform and commitment to those who serve go hand in hand.   From a personal point of view, I want to thank all of my colleagues  for bestowing this honor on Senator McCain. He is in a tough fight.  Never count John McCain out.   I have had the pleasure of traveling the globe with this man, hours  and hours on airplanes going to some of the most difficult places in  the world to carry the message of what America is all about. I have  never known anybody in my life--and very few in the history of this  country could explain to others what America is all about. John McCain  has been in love with this country since he was 17 years old and he  went off to Annapolis. He has been willing to die and suffer for his  country, like many others. But when it comes to explaining America, I  have never known anyone as articulate and as sincere as John McCain.   John, I hope you understand that the reason we named this bill after  you is that we all love you. I hope you understand that this bill, my  friend, repairs  [[Page S5559]]  a lot of the damage you have been talking about for the last 6 or 7  years.   This is the best way I know to honor John McCain--to take care of  those who are fighting and dying for this country and pushing the  Pentagon to be more efficient. That is the best honor one could bestow  on Senator McCain.   I hope and pray that he comes back to this body, but I want him to  know that even though he is physically not here, his presence is alive  and well in the Senate.   I yield.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   