 Mr. President, I want to share an update about what is  happening with the Kilauea volcano in my home State of Hawaii.   The first thing people need to know is that the State of Hawaii  remains safe to visit and that the Island of Hawaii, where the volcano  is erupting, is also safe to visit.   Let's start with a basic geography lesson. Hawaii has eight main  islands, and the volcano is on the Island of Hawaii, which people often  call the Big Island. It is about 4,000 square miles. This is Hawaii  Island. It is about the size of Connecticut. Only 9 square miles are  directly impacted by the volcano. So it is actually just this little  area in this corner of the island. If you are in the town of Hilo,  which is 25 miles away from the volcano, you can't even tell there is a  volcano erupting for the most part.   Cruise lines are coming back, and officials are trying to set up  areas where people can safely view this spectacular volcano. It is that  safe. People need to know that it is business as usual for lots of  people on the Big Island and that both the State and the island are  open for visitors. We just got the data in for the month of May, and we  had again increased tourism statewide. Everyone should come to visit.   With that being said, this is an extraordinarily difficult situation  for the communities that are being affected, and even though people are  used to living with volcanos, this is extraordinarily tough. Right  here, we have fissure 8. This is about a 300-foot lava fountain that  has not ceased for several weeks. As recently as 2015, lava approached  the town of Pahoa in the Puna district, but we really haven't seen  anything like this since the 1974 flow.   For the past few months, we have had 300-foot lava fountains. We have  had ash explosions that have reached tens of thousands of feet. We have  also had more than 30 billion gallons of lava that have destroyed 600  homes. An estimated 2,500 people have been displaced, one way or  another, by the volcanic eruption. In certain areas, there is no power,  no water, and no cell phone reception. So even if your home has not  been destroyed, your access now may be limited or nonexistent.   Here is the really good news: There has been no loss of human life  due to the volcano. Despite all that has happened, the people of Puna  and the people of Hawaii Island remain extraordinarily resilient. The  bad news is that no one is sure when the volcanic activity will end.  Even the experts at the United States Geological Survey don't know. We  have several difficult challenges in moving forward--from air quality  to the need for economic relief and, especially, for housing and  transportation. Hundreds of people are currently living in shelters.  Hundreds of animals from homes and ranches are, in a sense, volcano  refugees. So we have to secure temporary housing for people who lost  their homes or who have been evacuated and then get these people  permanent housing and deal with private property damage. We have to  make decisions about where to rebuild and start the process of fixing  roads, power lines, and other infrastructure in the Puna district.    The Big Island's mayor, Harry Kim, and the entire county emergency  operations center team, including first responders, have been working  from day one and day and night to keep people safe and deal with these  challenges. Several weeks ago, I visited the emergency operations  center and saw firsthand that it is really all hands on deck. Something  that distinguishes our EOCs from other EOCs and impresses our Federal  counterparts is the extent to which we all work together regardless of  jurisdiction. You can scarcely tell who works for State, Federal, or  county government. You can scarcely tell who is a business leader or a  not-for-profit leader or a university professor or a mayor. Everybody  is really working together.   There is a long list of people who deserve our thanks. Local media  have gone above and beyond to keep people informed by assigning crews  to stay in place for weeks at a time. By the way, that is somewhat  unusual for a disaster, especially one that has been going on as long  as this one.   Nonprofits, such as the Red Cross, the World Central Kitchen, and the  Salvation Army, are operating shelters and serving meals. Companies are  pitching in by waiving freight charges for relief supplies or working  to keep cell towers powered.   I can name every single elected official on Hawaii Island, and each  one of them is personally doing significant work in the recovery.  Because this is an island State and because it is a small community,  this isn't just a matter of their trying to secure resources from  State, Federal, or county government, and this isn't just a matter of  lawmaking; they are on the ground, they are listening, and they are  helping with their hands.   This is part of the general sense that people have of wanting to help  during this extraordinary time. Several weeks ago, a resident of Puna  named Ikaika Marzo took it upon himself to set up Pu'uhonua o Puna,  which means ``a place of refuge'' in Puna. People can donate things or  pick up what they need, whether it is information, supplies, or a hot  meal. We have seen people drive 100 miles to show up and help. Ranchers  are helping out other ranchers--normally they are competitors--by  housing displaced cattle. On other islands, people are filling shipping  containers with donations. Across the State, we are helping each other  out so that people are being fed, finding shelter, and getting the  things they need.   Lots of good things are happening, but it is still a very tough  situation, an ongoing situation, which is why we have been grateful for  the Federal response. Two weeks ago, the White House approved the State  of Hawaii's request for individual assistance from FEMA for residents  whose homes have been lost or damaged. FEMA has also partnered with the  State to open a disaster relief center. From the start, it was clear  that they sent their A team. I want to thank FEMA and the White House  for their quick action, which is welcome news during this challenging  time for the Big Island of Hawaii.   FEMA and the EPA are also working with the State and county partners  to monitor air quality, which the EPA is now publishing online so that  the public can make informed decisions. This may sound like a small  thing, but this is everything when it comes to determining whether  Norwegian Cruise Line can come to Hilo, and all that economic  opportunity will either be lost or not, or whether schools in the Ka'u  and Puna districts can open. What EPA is doing in partnership with the  State and county government is really extraordinary.   The Hawaii National Guard was able to command Department of Defense  resources under a dual command agreement. General Logan, General Hara,  and the National Guard have all been crucial. They are literally doing  everything from collecting gas samples to providing security on the  ground to providing temporary shelters.   We are grateful for all the help, but we also know it is a long road  to recovery because we don't know how long  [[Page S4720]]  this is going to go on. In a normal disaster, you have sort of three  phases: disaster preparation and planning, disaster response, and then  disaster recovery. Because this is an ongoing situation and because we  don't know when this is going to end, we have our county, State, and  Federal folks, as well as the rest of the community, in disaster prep,  disaster response, and disaster recovery--all simultaneously underway.  This is an extraordinary situation. There are lots of terrible natural  disasters all across the country every year, but this is unique in that  particular way.   This is also unique in the sense that most of the time--not all of  the time but almost every time--people can go back to their properties.  Although they still, under the law, will own their properties, when  Kapoho Bay was flattened, when Vacationland was flattened, when we went  from 87 homes, roughly, gone to about 600 homes gone in a very short  period of time, it is difficult to imagine that these people are going  to be able to remake their lives in the path of this current flow.   We have to do all three things at the same time. So we are going to  continue to work and to look for Federal partners for help and for  flexibility. I will state that our Federal partners have recognized the  unique nature of this disaster, and we really appreciate it. I have  talked to Majority Leader McConnell, Minority Leader Schumer, Vice  Chairman Leahy, Chairman Shelby, and key appropriators about how unique  this disaster is, and I look forward to working with the leadership in  the Appropriations Committee so the communities affected by the volcano  can get the help they need.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   