 Mr. President, President Trump didn't vote to shut down  the government. He is not a Member of the U.S. Senate. President Trump  did not shut down the government. Now, Senate Democrats are reeling  because the President has said that while the government is shut down,  he is not going to negotiate a change of our immigration laws that our  Democratic colleagues, and, frankly, many Republicans like me would  like to see changed relative to the Deferred Action on Childhood  Arrivals, or DACA, young adults.   It seems to me, our Democratic colleagues have figuratively shot  themselves in the foot; reloaded and shot themselves in the other foot.  Now they expect President Trump to somehow rescue them out of this box  canyon.   I know I am mixing my metaphors here, but this is the situation they  find themselves in. They shut down the government, and now they are  hurting the very people they shut down the government to help because  there are no negotiations going on to find a solution that we would all  like to try to achieve.   This is really surreal. There is an old saying: Everybody is entitled  to their opinion, but you are not entitled to your own facts. Facts are  facts. Democrats voted to shut down the government because they are  impatient to get a solution for these DACA young adults. Now they have  to blame somebody else because they are unwilling to own up to their  own responsibility.   Growing up, my parents told me one of the most important things I  could do--and my sister and brother could do--is accept responsibility  for our own mistakes, not blame somebody else. That is simply juvenile.   We could work this out today. We could work this out now if our  Democratic colleagues would simply acknowledge that they, themselves,  are the ones who shut down the government. They, themselves, have now  caused negotiations for the solution they want to cease because the  President rightly says: Why reward bad behavior by continuing the  negotiations when they shut down the government? As I said a moment  ago, it is surreal.    There are casualties. There are casualties, not just to the DACA  kids, who are now young adults. These are children who were brought  here by their parents without complying with our immigration laws.  Being children, they are not responsible. They are not culpable. The  law doesn't hold them responsible.   We all agree they ought to get some relief, and we would like to be  able to negotiate that. But we can't do that when the government shuts  down as a result of their miscalculation.   The DACA kids, now young adults, aren't the only casualties here. It  is our military. It is the National Guard that can't train. It is the 9  million children who are depending on an extension of the Children's  Health Insurance Program, which enjoys broad bipartisan support.   I almost couldn't believe my ears. The Democratic leader is a  talented politician. He is a very intelligent guy. I enjoy working with  him on occasion, but he has been driven into this untenable,  unsustainable filibuster because he simply refuses to say no to the  most radical fringe of his political base.   This isn't like him. This hasn't been my experience working with the  senior Senator from New York on a myriad of other things. But as the  Democratic leader, he simply could not say no to this narrow fringe of  his political base that insists that a solution today on the DACA  problem is more important than funding the military, paying our Federal  law enforcement officials, or providing health insurance to 9 million  vulnerable children.   As people begin to realize this miscalculation, we start seeing it  reflected in public opinion polls. CNN reported that only 34 percent of  the people they polled said that this kind of miscalculation was  justified--34 percent. I bet as people learn more, as they are  personally affected more and more by this government shutdown--now in  day 2--then there is going to be an even greater majority of people who  say: This just is not worth it. Why won't you take yes for an answer  from Republicans who want to work with their Democratic colleagues? Why  would you shoot yourself in one foot, reload, and shoot yourself in the  other foot?   I realize it is hard for our Democratic colleagues to save face in  this outcome, but sometimes in life, when you make mistakes and you  can't blame them on anybody else, then you simply need to acknowledge  your own responsibility and say: Do you know what? I had the best of  intentions, but I was wrong. I made a mistake. That could be  [[Page S398]]  liberating sometimes, but not in politics, apparently, and not on this  topic--at least not yet.   At 1 o'clock tomorrow morning we are going to have a vote. Democrats  filibustered a 4-week continuing resolution, but in an effort to  provide them a face-saving way out of this dilemma of their own making,  the majority leader has offered them a vote on a 3-week continuing  resolution, during which we will continue to work on this DACA  solution. My guess is it is going to pass because there are a dozen or  more Democrats--I understand 19 were at a bipartisan meeting after the  government shutdown, trying to figure out how can we help our leaders  find their way out of this mess.   Do you know what? People who are on the ballot in 2018, which isn't  that long from now--it is a great way to run for reelection, isn't it?  To say: Yes, I shut down the government. Yes, I hurt the military. I  hurt vulnerable children. I inconvenienced everyone, including the  government workers, who diligently come here to the Capital--and across  the country--to perform their important work on a daily basis. Yes, I  basically made their lives worse. Oh, by the way, elect me in 2018.  What a great message that is.   There are Members on that side of the aisle who are realizing, hey,  this is going to hurt me personally. Forget the constituents. Forget  the children. Forget the military. They are realizing, hey, this is  going to make it harder for me to get reelected. Do you know what? I  have now created an election issue on which I might lose. It might be  the end of my political career.   I hate to think that this is the most important thing in people's  calculation here. I hope that rather than their own personal politics,  they would be more interested in the other people they are hurting and  the futility of this situation they have created.   I hope; maybe I am naive. I don't think I am naive, but maybe I am.  Maybe not enough Senate Democrats will reconsider what they have done  on the 4-week CR and they will not vote for a 3-week CR, even though  the majority leader has moved their way to provide them a face-saving  way to get out of this box.   I don't care what it is--whether it is their own personal, political  calculation, whether it is the realization that this is not worth the  shutdown--because Republicans are willing to work with them to find a  solution before the March 5 deadline for the DACA recipients. Whatever  the rationale, I hope there are enough Democrats who will simply say to  their leader: You know, you made a mistake. You miscalculated. This  isn't about President Trump. President Trump didn't shut down the  government. He didn't vote to filibuster this continuing resolution. It  was Democratic Members of the Senate, and it was a mistake. Let's  correct that mistake, and let's move on. Let's do the right thing for  our constituents. Let's do the right thing for our constituents who  wear the uniform of the U.S. military. Let's do the right thing for  veterans. Let's do the right thing for Federal workers and the law  enforcement agents who are simply being hurt needlessly and  unnecessarily, but callously, by this shutdown.    They may have forgotten about the hundreds of thousands of Americans,  including 200,000 Texans who could be furloughed if this shutdown  continues. I haven't forgotten about them. That is why I voted to keep  the government up and running.   Unfortunately, the American people lose out when their elected  officials decide that their personal politics or their own political  interests are more important than the people they have been sent here  to represent. We talked about this all last week. We warned our  colleagues on the other side about the effects of a shutdown and urged  them not to vote against funding the government.   It wasn't just the Senate Republicans. Our House colleagues did their  duty on a bipartisan basis and sent us a 4-week continuing resolution.   In the meantime, our Democratic colleagues have heard from bipartisan  groups of Governors, including seven Democratic Governors, who have  said, in effect: Wait a minute. These children who depend on the  Children's Health Insurance Program are collateral damage to your  political fights in Washington, DC. Why hurt them? They implored us to  extend the Children's Health Insurance Program for 9 million children  across the country who rely upon it.   The answer so far is: Forget about it. We don't care. Our Democratic  colleagues continue this shutdown for no good reason. It really is a  shame.   Here is the other thing that has been pointed out time and again, but  I think it is worth repeating. There is nothing in this bill that  Senate Democrats oppose. What they are saying is: Other things we want  are not in the bill, so we are going to shut down the government.   In my experience in the Senate, it is bizarre to say: I am going to  vote against a bill that I support. What is that all about? Do they  want to fund the government? I think they do if they could figure a way  out of this conundrum that is not particularly controversial.   Do they want to fund the military? I honestly believe our colleagues  across the aisle want to support our military, although it is hard to  tell when you see what they have done here. But our military has broad  bipartisan support, generally.   Do they want to reauthorize CHIP, the Children's Health Insurance  Program, for 6 years? That passed out of the Senate Finance Committee,  on which I sit, with broad bipartisan support. It is very popular, not  only with the Governors who have to run the program but also here in  the Congress.   Why abandon all the things you support over an unrelated issue and  one that we are in earnest willing to work with our Democratic  colleagues to solve? Why decide to be derelict in one of your most  basic duties as an elected Federal official in order to hold hostage  Congress and the country, really, on an unrelated issue that we are  working on, we have been working on, but now, as a result of their  shutdown, we can't work on?   Let's open the government back up. Let's get back to work and do our  job on each of these issues.   Of course, the so-called DACA issue is important. I have 124,000 DACA  recipients who signed up in good faith with the Federal Government,  even though President Obama overreached his authority, according to the  courts, and now it is our responsibility to clean up the mess that was  created by this end run around the Constitution and Congress. We  welcome that part of our responsibility.   It is important to me personally, like my friend, the Senator from  Illinois, who has been a champion for many years for the Dreamers. In  other words, these are the same people who came here innocently with  their parents who violated the law, but we don't hold children  responsible for what their parents do. But sometimes they get caught up  in the consequences, and that is what has happened here.   I have had a number of these current recipients of deferred action  come visit me in my office. One young man is 22 years old. He told me  that he is really worried about his future, and he wants us to try to  provide him a predictable future because he wants to make the most of  himself. He wants to keep going to school. He wants to contribute to  this country that he was brought to by his parents. He knows no other  country, really.   You would have to have a pretty hard heart not to be moved by the  stories that so many of these young people tell. I don't believe anyone  here wants to do them harm intentionally. But, indeed, the very people  who our Democratic colleagues said they are shutting down the  government for are the ones who are suffering and who are being hurt  because we have stopped negotiations because of this government  shutdown.   This is an issue that deserves its own separate, thoughtful  consideration instead of being lumped into a manufactured tug of war  over a noncontroversial funding measure. I know it sounds ridiculous  when you say it out loud, because now we can't properly resume  negotiations on DACA when we are forced to negotiate to reopen our own  government.    What is really pretty amazing to watch is that the minority leader  keeps trying to shift the blame to the President. There used to be a  time when Congress would jealously guard its authority under the  Constitution and tell the President, no matter if  [[Page S399]]  they were a Republican or a Democrat, that is a congressional  prerogative. The Constitution provides that authority to the Senate and  the House, not to the executive branch. That used to be the fights we  would have with the executive branch. But now, after the Democratic  leader has simply abdicated his responsibility and tries to blame the  President for something he himself created, it has turned that whole  idea on its head.   I, for one, am not willing to relinquish the authority given to the  U.S. Senate under the Constitution, under the separation of powers--I  am not willing to relinquish that to any President. I believe it would  be wrong to just say: Whatever the President wants or says or  negotiates, we are going to rubberstamp. That would be an abdication of  my responsibility to the 28 million people I represent. I am not going  to do that.   We come from a big, diverse country of more than 320 million people.  The Acting President pro tempore proudly represents the people in the  great State of Alaska. Their interests and their concerns aren't  necessarily the same as every other State. They have unique concerns  based on their history and culture and location in the world that are  different from some of the other 49 States. That is really the magic of  the Senate, that each of us is here representing our constituents in  our given States, and we have the responsibility of trying to build  consensus and come up with solutions to problems. But I doubt the  Acting President pro tempore came here just to be a rubberstamp for any  President. Knowing him as I do, I am confident that is not the case. I  am not here to do that either.   So to hear the Democratic leader call this a Trump shutdown when the  President didn't vote to filibuster this bill, when this is a  congressional responsibility, not an executive branch responsibility,  and to somehow then expect all of us to fall in line, turns this whole  idea of the separation of powers in our constitutional responsibility  in the Senate on its head.   Well, as I have said before, our great country is a product, among  other things, of two great inheritances: that we are indeed a nation of  immigrants--all except a small fraction of the people who live in the  United States now came from somewhere else at some point in their  family history. My relatives emigrated from Ireland in the 19th  century, I am told, following the potato famine. Others left their home  country because of religious persecution. Others came because of their  dire economic circumstances, and they simply wanted a better life. They  wanted a piece of the American dream.   So we all understand that in some ways, the fact that we do hold out  that promise of more opportunity, of the American dream for people who  come from diverse places around the world--we literally have been the  beneficiary of the hard work, the determination, the intelligence, and  the resolve of those immigrants who have come here to make America a  better place and to pursue their American dream in the meantime. But  the part that some people seem to have forgotten--the second great  pillar of what has made America great--is the fact that we believe in  the rule of law. We believe in the Constitution. We believe in the  people being the ultimate word on what the laws are, that the very  legitimacy of our laws is derived from the consent of the governed. It  is not because of some great idea we have come up with here; it is  because the American people have consented and given us the authority  we need in order to pass those laws and to govern our great country.   So all I am hoping for that might come out of this mess we find  ourselves in now is that somehow, some way, working together in a  bipartisan way--which is the only way anything gets done around here-- we can regain our lost legacy as a nation of laws and a nation of  immigrants. That is what has made our country so great, in my opinion.   An aide to one of our Democratic colleagues was reported as saying: I  am concerned we don't have an exit strategy. Well, I think the exit  strategy is pretty straightforward. At 1 a.m. tonight, early tomorrow  morning, they are going to have a chance to vote to reopen the  government for 3 weeks. Again, governing by continuing resolution is a  lousy way to govern. It is a miserable way to govern. It is  irresponsible. But it is better than a shutdown.   So I hope our colleagues will take advantage of this opportunity, of  the conciliatory gesture the majority leader has made to shorten the  length of the continuing resolution that they filibustered and that  resulted in the shutdown and that they will now vote for this 3-week  continuing resolution, during which we can reopen negotiations on the  DACA issue. It could be--there is no guarantee, but it could be that  given 3 weeks more time, we can come up with a solution to all of those  issues and more, including disaster relief for Puerto Rico, for  Florida, for the Virgin Islands, for Texas, disaster relief for  California and where the wildfires have devastated places out west. All  of that is being held up, too, as a result of the unwillingness to deal  with budget caps, spending caps, because of DACA. That is the other  casualty here.   My hope is that given 3 weeks to continue our discussions, and  learning from their mistakes, I hope we will vote to reopen the Federal  Government and take that time to discuss the spending caps and how to  move forward on DACA. All eyes are on us. The responsibility is ours.  It is not the President's responsibility; it is our responsibility. And  every Texan and every American who relies on the Federal Government in  one way or another--and that would pretty much be all of us--expects us  to do our job. So let's get to work. Let's reopen the government. Let's  find a solution to DACA and the other challenges with which we are  presented.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, shutting  down the government only to fund it 3 days at a time afterward isn't  how this place is supposed to work, and it certainly isn't what the  American people deserve.   We will soon vote to reopen the Federal Government for 3 weeks, where  we will have time to discuss spending caps and how to move forward on  DACA recipients. If our Democratic colleagues are ready to end this  needless shutdown, then let's have the vote right now and open the  government so we can begin discussions on bipartisan priorities.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senator's request be  amended and that unanimous consent be given, notwithstanding rule XXII,  that the Senate immediately vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the  motion to concur with amendment, which funds CHIP and reopens the  government; further, that if cloture is invoked, all postcloture time  be considered expired and the Senate immediately vote on the motion to  concur with further amendment.    I object.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I think one  of the most offensive things about this government shutdown is that our  men and women in uniform are being used as political pawns. That is why  I am surprised to see so many of our Democratic colleagues force us  into a 2-day government shutdown as part of their strategy and call  into question our commitment to fund our military and support their  families. It is completely irresponsible, and our servicemembers  deserve better. We have an obligation to provide them with the  certainty of a full-year funding bill because they deserve it.   So, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the request be  amended to provide that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 36, H.R. 1301; that the amendment at the  desk, which provides for full funding for authorized activities in the  National Defense Authorization Act, be considered and agreed to; that  the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and  that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I object.   