 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening in support of National Police Week,  an important celebration of the men and women who serve our communities  as members of law enforcement.   This week, we also observed Peace Officers Memorial Day and  remembered all of those members of the thin blue line who have lost  their lives so the rest of us can be safe.   Throughout my life, I have had the opportunity to work with so many  brave Rhode Island police officers, and I am particularly proud that  when I was mayor of the city of Providence, as a result of a citywide  community policing model, we saw the lowest crime rate in the city in  40 years. That was because of the wonderful trust that had been  developed between the community and the police department, and the  police department being willing to fully engage in the life of the  community. Police officers served on housing boards and community  center boards and became part of the community, and, of course, that  work continues today.   There are many, many stories about the extraordinary heroism and  dedication and hard work of our men and women in uniform, but very  often their really heroic work is in these untold stories.   One of those stories I would like to talk about tonight is a story  that really exemplifies the important work that police do in our  communities that makes a real difference in the lives of those they  serve.   Earlier this year, the Pawtucket Police Department went above and  beyond the call of duty to help a family in the city of Pawtucket.  Hilary Bilbraut and her family were getting ready to celebrate their  daughter, Destiny's, ninth birthday. Destiny, who suffers from a rare  blood disorder that causes high fevers, had been eagerly waiting for  her birthday trip to Legoland in Florida, where she could take pictures  with her beloved camera.   Instead, Destiny and her family came home to an apartment ransacked  by thieves. They took everything they could get their hands on. They  took the family television. They took Destiny's camera. They took her  tickets to Legoland. They even took her birthday cake.   In describing the aftermath to police, Hilary said the thieves stole  more than just that: they stole Destiny's peace of mind. Since the  break-in, she had been haunted by nightmares and constantly crying.   Pawtucket Police Officer Brian Beech was the first to respond to the  break-in. Officer Beech was heartbroken by Destiny's story. He  immediately began reaching out to his fellow officers for donations to  help replace the stolen items.   Working together with Sergeant Kenneth Dolan, officers of the  Pawtucket Police Department raised $400 to replace the television. One  of the officers donated his camera.   They contacted Queen B's Cakery in Johnston, who donated a birthday  cake. They even reached out to Legoland, who put together a trip to  replace Destiny's stolen tickets, complete with a limousine ride to the  airport.   Destiny was ecstatic. She was already talking about returning the  gesture.   When asked why they went above and beyond, Sergeant Dolan said: We  wanted to show her that there are more good people in the world than  bad.   Mr. Speaker, this is just one example showing exactly why police  officers do what they do. The men and women of our Nation's law  enforcement deserve our utmost respect and our deepest gratitude.   I look forward to working with my colleagues here in Congress,  members of the Rhode Island State and local law enforcement agencies,  and local community leaders on the ways we can continue to support our  great men and women in uniform.   I want to thank Congressman Knight for organizing this Special Order  hour this evening. Our last evening had to get postponed, but I really  appreciate, Mr. Speaker, the opportunity to offer a few thoughts this  evening during National Police Week to say thank you again to the men  and women who serve in our community to keep us safe, who do incredibly  dangerous work and without whom we would not have safe communities.   