 Mr. Chair, I thank the authors for all the hard work  coming to this moment to get this very important bill on the floor.   Mr. Chair, I rise today to say how glad I am that my bill, the At- Risk Youth Medicaid Protection Act, has been included in today's opioid  package.   According to a June 2017 MACPAC report, the opioid epidemic  disproportionately affects Medicaid beneficiaries. Therefore, State  Medicaid programs are taking the lead in identifying and tailoring  strategies to prevent and treat opioid use disorder. Among those  affected are our most vulnerable American population, our youth.   Currently, most children who are covered by Medicaid and come into  contact with the criminal justice system end up having their enrollment  terminated by States. While some States are beginning to suspend  instead of terminate their enrollment, only a few States and the  District of Columbia suspend their enrollment for the exact duration of  the incarceration. This results in unnecessary, costly delays.   I say again: When somebody is terminated rather than suspended, this  results in an unnecessary, costly delay, delaying their coverage and  preventing them from receiving timely and much-needed health and mental  care upon the child's release.   The At-Risk Youth Medicaid Protection Act would require States to  automatically restore the child's Medicaid enrollment upon their  release. Further, States would be required to process applications for  medical assistance by or on behalf of the child and make access to  medical assistance for children under foster care consistent with the  Affordable Care Act by extending the age of eligibility to age 26.   Mr. Chairman, we owe it to the American people to do everything in  our power to decrease the already 64,000 families broken by this  epidemic and restore faith in our government system. While this package  covers many fronts, the inclusion of this commonsense bill, the At-Risk  Youth Medicaid Protection Act, extends the effort to attack this  epidemic from all angles, modifying the package's foundation.   