 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6398, the Department of  Energy Veterans' Health Initiative Act.   The DOE and VA national research program, housed within the agencies'  Big Data Science Initiative, is called the Million Veterans Program- Computational Health Analytics for Medical Precision to Improve  Outcomes Now, or MVP-CHAMPION. This initiative utilizes DOE's unique  capabilities in big data analytics, artificial intelligence, and  advanced computing by providing VA researchers access to DOE's research  facilities and scientific expertise while the DOE receives access to a  massive collection of data from the VA.   Through the MVP program, VA patients volunteer genomic and healthcare  data that is transferred into the secure enclave at Oak Ridge National  Lab. Part of the data includes the deepest levels of DNA sequencing,  which allows for high quality genomic research.   With such a rich and expansive dataset, the VA MVP program provides  an incredible opportunity to use DOE'S next-generation computing  capabilities to solve complex healthcare challenges facing our  veterans.   For the DOE, this application of computer science tools could  transform basic and early-stage research. DOE's core mission areas are  full of complex, big data challenges like physics, environmental  systems, combustion, and nuclear weapons modeling. DOE is also working  to enhance its expertise in biosciences and materials design.   Experience working with big datasets and applications in data  science, Mr. Speaker, has the potential to improve  [[Page H8871]]  computational science methods for any big data problem. With the next  generation of supercomputers, including the exascale computing systems  DOE is expected to fill by 2021, DOE will be able to tackle even bigger  challenges.   Mr. Speaker, increasing computing power will expand DOE's  capabilities and improve the quality of computational tools for any big  dataset or any complex problem.   Ultimately, the goal of MVP-CHAMPION is for the DOE national  laboratories to provide the VA with useful information to improve  healthcare services for our veterans. The access to the breadth, depth,  and complexity of the VA dataset will also advance the next generation  of data science tools.   Mr. Speaker, it is clear that the DOE is the right partner for this  important research. I want to encourage my colleagues to support this  bill.   