 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, 50 years ago today, Congress enacted the  Fair Housing Act, exactly 1 week after the assassination of Martin  Luther King as he fought for economic justice for sanitation workers in  Memphis. It also came just weeks after the Kerner Commission issued its  report on the origins of urban unrest in the 1960s. This report  contained the now famous warning that ``our nation is moving toward two  societies, one black, one white--separate and unequal.''   In the wake of these events, the Fair Housing Act made discrimination  in the sale, rental, and financing of housing illegal for the first  time. For generations, redlining, restrictive covenants, and outright  discrimination kept families of color locked out of entire  neighborhoods, often far from where jobs were, and they created  segregated communities that linger to this day. They denied these  families the opportunity to build wealth through home ownership. Many  of these exclusionary practices were carried out by private entities  and local governments. But as Richard Rothstein reminds us in his new  book, ``The Color of Law''--and I recommend to everybody listening that  they read that book--Federal policies also played a significant role in  reinforcing segregation.   From 1934 through 1962--30 years, three decades--98 percent of all  FHA mortgages went to White homeowners. In a country that in those days  was about 10 percent African American, 98 percent of mortgages went to  White homeowners. The Fair Housing Act made this despicable  discrimination illegal. It required that Federal housing and urban  development grants be administered in a way that would ``affirmatively  further'' fair housing--not in a reactive way but in a way that would  affirmatively further fair housing. State and local governments and  public housing authorities were required to use their Federal funds in  ways that would reverse, rather than accelerate or reinforce,  segregation in their communities.   April 11, 1968, however, was not the end of our work to ensure fair  housing and equal opportunities. Fifty years later, we haven't had the  progress we should have had, and so much more needs to be done.   A new report this year from the Center for Investigative Reporting  analyzed tens of millions of mortgage records and found that all across  the country people of color are far more likely--even holding constant  for economic situations--to be turned down for a loan, taking into  account factors like their income and the size of the loan. We know  that the 2008 housing crisis hit communities of color particularly  hard.   In the run-up to the crisis, faulty mortgages were targeted to people  of color. Even those who qualified for a no-frills, no-surprises prime  mortgage were often instead steered into a subprime, much riskier loan.  Even African-American and Hispanic borrowers with higher incomes than  other borrowers found themselves in risky, subprime, designed-to-fail  products. These practices of discrimination stripped a generation's  worth of equity from communities that had fought hard for equal access  to home ownership.   I know in my community in Cleveland, on the southeast side of  Cleveland in the Broadway, Harvard area of that community, so much  wealth has been lost. As people finally began to gain in home ownership  and in wealth accumulation, what happened in 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009,  2010, and 2011 devastated these communities. As a number of my  colleagues have heard me say, in my ZIP Code of 44105, in Cleveland,  OH, in the first half of 2007, there were more foreclosures than any  ZIP Code in the United States of America.   The household wealth of communities of color still hasn't recovered.  My neighborhood hasn't, my community hasn't, and my State hasn't.  Middle-class Black and Hispanic families lost half their wealth from  2007 to 2013--half their wealth. Middle-income Black household wealth  was $63,000 in 2007. A decade later, it was $38,000. The numbers are  similar for Hispanic households--$85,000 down to $46,000.   Borrowers with these higher cost loans were foreclosed on at about  triple the rate of borrowers with standard, 30-year, fixed-rate  mortgages. Over a recent 8-year period, 9.3 million homeowners lost  their homes through foreclosure, distress sales, or surrendering their  home to the lender.   After the crisis, we took steps to fight this discrimination. We  created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to look after bank  customers and to help root out discrimination. We required lenders to  report more detailed data so that we can more easily spot modern-day  redlining.   In 2015, HUD also issued the affirmatively furthering fair housing  rule. This rule would have given clearer guidelines to communities to  help them assess their own fair housing needs and provided them with  the data they needed to inform their decisions. It would have allowed  them to set their own goals and timelines.   Some of the questions communities would ask during these assessments  would demand they think in new ways about how to create housing and  economic opportunities for all of their residents--no matter their  color, no matter family size, no matter their disability if they have  one. These are the types of questions this body told the country to ask  when it enacted the fair housing bill five decades ago.   But instead of recommitting ourselves to the promise we made 50 years  ago, too many Washington politicians are trying to take us backward.  Earlier this year, HUD suspended implementing the affirmatively  furthering fair housing rule. That will not reverse the requirements of  the Fair Housing Act. Instead, it hurts communities, which will once  again be left to comply with the law without the technical assistance  they need.    Remember that new data that banks were going to report to make it  easier to spot lenders who discriminate? The bill the Senate passed  last month right here would exempt 85 percent of banks from reporting  the data they are collecting and reporting today. So we are not even  going to know what happened. This body has scaled back the amount of  data we are trying to gather to stop discrimination. Without it, we  can't monitor trends in mortgage lending. It will be harder to see who  has access to affordable mortgage credit and, importantly, who does not  have access.   HUD is even thinking about changing its mission statement in ways  that diminish the importance of combating housing discrimination. The  administration's actions over the past year make it clear they are  already wavering in that commitment. For example, in 2017, HUD withdrew  guidance requiring equal access for transgender people in homeless  shelters. Let's pick on them even more. According to a report in the  New York Times, Dr. Carson's HUD has suspended several anti- discrimination investigations, including an investigation of  discriminatory housing advertisements on Facebook. The administration  proposed a 14-percent cut to the HUD budget, including affordable  housing and community development programs aimed at creating housing  and opportunity for low-income communities.   We know that one-fourth of renters in this country spend at least 50  percent of their income on housing. If one thing goes wrong in their  lives, they are evicted or they lose their homes. One-fourth of people  in this country who rent are paying at least half their income in  housing costs. In Cuyahoga County, the second most populous county in  Ohio, one-fourth of all family units, one-fourth of all residents,  homeowners or renters, spend one-half of their income on housing, so it  is not just renters, but it is often homeowners too.   We are deciding in this body because the President wants to--the far  right in this body wants to cut spending on housing even more. We have  enough money to do a huge tax cut for the  [[Page S2061]]  richest people in the country. The richest 1 percent will get 81  percent of that tax cut. I was talking to an accountant the other day  in Elyria, OH. It is tax season, of course, and he is busy. He said:  When people come and see me, they ask inevitably when I am doing their  taxes ``Well, how does this tax bill affect me?''   He asks: Are you a billionaire?   They laugh and say: Of course not.   He then says: Well, only if you are a billionaire will it affect you,  and then you will save millions of dollars on your taxes.   That is a bit of an exaggeration, but that is what that tax bill is  all about. So if you are a billionaire, if you are a decamillionaire,  if you made a million dollars last year, you are going to save a whole  lot on your taxes this year. But if you are living in working-class  housing, if you can't afford much more than the very basic kind of  housing or even worse than that, you are going to see your budget cut.  You are going to see fewer vouchers. You are going to see less funding  for housing.   What kind of government is this, this mean-spiritedness? There are  more tax cuts for the richest in this country, but let's stick it to  people who are barely making it. These are people who make $10 to $12  an hour. They make $10 to $12 an hour, and we are going to cut their  Medicaid. They are making $10 to $12 an hour, and we are going to scale  back their SNAP benefits. They are making $10 to $12 an hour, and we  are going to undermine their housing subsidies. What is all of that  about in this new government that we are living in now?   The last thing we ought to do at a time when a quarter of all renter  households--400,000 families in my State of almost 12 million, 400,000  families pay half of their income in housing costs. Again, if one thing  goes wrong, if their car breaks down going to work, could they come up  with $500 to fix their car? Probably not. Then what happens? Then they  are evicted, and then everything goes upside down because they can't  pay their rent, so they get evicted. The kid has to go to a new school  district. They lose most of the things they have. They have to find a  place to live. They probably don't have the money for the downpayment  that a landlord charges.   A few years ago, I hosted a discussion with some of my colleagues and  invited Matthew Desmond, the author of the book ``Evicted.'' In the  front of the book, he scribbled the phrase ``Home = Life.'' If you  don't have decent housing, it is pretty hard to put a stable life  together for you and your family. One of the things he said in that  book is that when you get your paycheck every 2 weeks or once a month,  the rent eats first. You have to pay your rent. If you can't afford to  pay your rent or you can barely afford to pay your rent, you can't do  much else. That simple statement captures so much--a safe, stable home  is the foundation for opportunities.   This government is going to give tax cuts to the richest people in  the country, and we are pulling the rug out from under people who are  working every bit as hard as we do in this body--and many of them work  harder than we do--just trying to get along on $8 or $10 or $12 an  hour. We are denying people the opportunity of living in a safe, stable  home. That is why we must redouble our commitment to fair housing. That  is why we must take real, proactive steps.   My colleagues and I have legislation, the Fair and Equal Housing Act  of 2017, that would add gender identity and sexual orientation to those  protected from discrimination under the Fair Housing Act. Rather than  take us backward, we must take these sorts of actions to give more  Americans the opportunity to have a safe, stable home and to build  wealth through home ownership. We must constantly work toward Dr.  King's vision--killed 50 years ago this month--of equality and equal  opportunity for all.   I yield the floor.   