 Mr. Speaker, I want to talk about the farm bill, the rule  that allows us to bring this to the floor, and the lives I want to save  in the West and across America, because this bill takes important steps  to help improve the management of our Federal forests by extending  expedited management tools for insect and disease projects in eastern  Oregon and expanding it to hazardous fuels reduction to reduce the  threat of fire and smoke. These are real life and safety issues in our  communities.    The great tragedies we have seen in California this last summer, in  Paradise this last fall, I guess, they are repeating themselves year  after year as climate change and drought and higher temperatures and  the overgrowth in our forests all come together to create catastrophic  wildfires, as pictured here. These are monsters when they fire up. They  kill.   It is unfortunate that the provisions that the House passed as part  of the farm bill were rejected by the Democrats in the Senate. It is  unfortunate because, after these catastrophic fires, we should get in  and be able to remove the fuel load so that the next fire doesn't burn  even more intensely, which is what happens. It is a bigger threat to  the firefighters, because these snags that remain are destined to fall.  This year, we lost a firefighter to a snag that fell.   But they rejected that.   While we are expanding CE authorities, categorical exclusion  authorities, in some forests, the House provision said we should expand  it to all forests so that we can begin to catch up and remove the  excess fuel load from our forests, so that when we do get fire, which  is a natural part of environment, it does not become so destructive  that it burns up entire towns.   Unfortunately, again, Senate Democrats rejected that.   So we are left with a bill that is pretty good. The farm bill  provisions are terrific, as the leader has said.    But when we are losing towns, and people and firefighters  in our communities are choked with smoke, we can do better.   Last night, in Medford, Oregon, the Jackson County Commission held a  public meeting to talk about this fire situation we face. A dad from  Jackson County recounted how his daughter with cystic fibrosis had to  move away. He told the audience: ``It's been devastating for us as a  family. We wish our daughter could live with us.'' Then he went on to  say: ``When you can't breathe, nothing else matters.''   So you want to talk about life and safety and health issues in  America, we should have done better with the Senate. But we are doing  okay with this bill, and I intend to support it.    Today I rise in support of the underlying legislation: the 2018 Farm  Bill.   This bill takes steps to help improve the management of our federal  forests by extending expedited management tools for insect and disease  projects in eastern Oregon and expanding it to hazardous fuels  reduction to reduce the threat of fire and smoke.   We've also allowed more local involvement from counties in forest  management projects and extended funding for collaborative forest  projects.   These all help, but it is unfortunate the Senate Democrats rejected  provisions from the House bill that would have greatly reduce the  threat of fires and smoke in all of Oregon.   The ability to clean up the burned dead timber after a fire-- responsibly and where it makes sense--and replant a new, healthy forest  for the next generation? Excluded.   Providing tools that help manage our forests in western and southern  Oregon--where some of Oregon's worst fires have been in recent years?  Excluded, even after devastating fires like the Klondike Fire pictured  here burned more than 175,000 acres.   People in southern Oregon are tired of choking on smoke every year  because of poor management. Recently a dad from Jackson County  recounted how his daughter with cystic fibrosis had to move away saying  ``it's been devastating for us a family. We wish our daughter could  live with us.'' But, as he went on to say, ``When you can't breathe,  nothing else matters.''  [[Page H10120]]    You can understand people's disappointment when they see little here  to help their region, while efforts continue to lock up more southern  Oregon forests as more wilderness--a contributor to several large fires  in recent years.   As someone from Medford told me last night, if something doesn't  change, ``We're gonna get killed.''   Meanwhile, in central Oregon, the 5,000 residents of Crooked River  Ranch are worried they will become the next Paradise, California. We've  worked together on a simple public safety bill to make a small  adjustment to a neighboring Wilderness Study Area so critical fire  prevention work can be done to protect the community.   Our bill passed the House unanimously, passed a Senate Committee  unanimously, has broad support from the local community, and is ready  to be voted on today.   Unfortunately, partisan posturing in the Senate is holding this  critical public safety bill hostage over unrelated public lands  measures.   The Senate needs to stop playing with fire and the lives of people of  Crooked River Ranch, and pass my legislation before the end of this  Congress. We do not want to see images of homes turned to ash and lives  destroyed in central Oregon all because politics got in the way of  protecting lives.    