 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this week is National Police Week. It is  a time to honor the brave men and women who put their lives on the line  every day to keep our streets safe.   Every morning, police officers all across the country wake up, put on  their uniform praying for the kind of day the rest of us typically  enjoy: a routine one. Praise God, most days that is the case, but  sometimes our police officers are asked to put their own lives at risk  in defense of others. Back in my hometown, New York, we are protected  by the finest law enforcement organization in the world--the NYPD. Just  2 weeks ago, two rookie New York police officers, Flavio Chauca and  Jason Truglio, rushed into a burning apartment building and up nine  flights of smoke-filled stairs to pull several people to safety. It was  an extraordinary act of heroism--and just another day in the line of  duty for the over 35,000 men and women of the New York Police  Department.   All of us in Congress are indebted to the U.S. Capitol Police who  spend long hours protecting us every day. We saw their bravery in  action last year when a gunman attacked a congressional baseball  practice. If it weren't for the grit and valor of Officers David Bailey  and Crystal Griner, things would have gotten much worse.   We should all take a moment to thank the hard-working law enforcement  officers at the FBI. Over the last year, our Nation's top law  enforcement officers have been unfairly maligned by this President. It  is unheard of, particularly on the Republican side, to be so anti-law  enforcement, and it maligns the brave men and women who work under them  too. Our FBI agents are patriots, just like the men and women out on  the beat.   So, today, I salute the men and women in blue, particularly my  friends at the NYPD and our fine Capitol Police, as we commemorate the  lives of their colleagues lost in the line of duty.    Madam President, as the minority, we typically cannot  move legislation on the floor without the consent of the majority  leader. But under the rules governing congressional review, any group  of 30 Senators can petition to discharge a CRA--a Congressional Review  Act--from the committee and bring it to the floor subject to a majority  vote. That is what Senator Markey has just done with the CRA on net  neutrality, and the vote that just concluded means the full Senate will  now consider it, because I believe there were 52 votes in favor.   For the first time in this Congress, the majority will be called to  vote on an issue that I suspect they would rather avoid.   Net neutrality is a complex issue, but an incredibly consequential  one. At stake is the future of the internet, which until this point in  our history, has remained free and open, accessible and affordable to  most Americans. That fundamental equality of access is what has made  the internet so dynamic--a catalyst for innovation, a tool for  learning, a means of instant and worldwide communication.   To ensure the internet stayed that way, the Obama-era FCC instituted  net neutrality rules to prevent large internet service providers from  segmenting the internet into fast and slow lanes, from selling faster  service to folks who could pay and slower service to others--we didn't  want that--and from charging customers more for their favorite sites,  divvying up the internet into packages like cable TV.   Why was this so important? Because if large cable and internet  companies were allowed to do this, the internet wouldn't operate on a  level playing field. Big corporations and folks who could pay would  enjoy the benefits of fast internet and speedy delivery to their  customers while startups and small businesses, public schools, average  folks, including communities of color and rural Americans, could well  be disadvantaged. Net neutrality protected everyone and prevented large  ISPs from discriminating against any customers.   That era--the era of a free and open internet--unfortunately will  soon come to an end. In December, the Republican-led FCC voted to  repeal the net neutrality rules, and on June 11 of this year, that  repeal will go into effect. It may not be a cataclysm on day one, but  sure as rain, if internet service providers are given the ability to  start charging more for preferred service, they will find a way to do  it.   So the Democratic position is very simple: Let's treat the internet  like the public good that it is. We don't let water companies or phone  companies discriminate against customers. We don't restrict access to  interstate highways, saying: You can ride on the highway, and you  can't. We shouldn't do that with the internet either. That is what the  Democratic net neutrality CRA would ensure.   We appreciate that three Republicans joined on the motion to proceed  to our resolution. We hope more will come with us.   Where do Republicans stand on this issue? Why haven't we heard much  from them on this issue, when it is a typical issue that protects the  middle class, working families, and average Americans from big special  interests taking advantage of them?   I suspect our colleagues are kind of quiet on this issue because the  arguments made by opponents of net neutrality aren't very convincing.  Some opponents say that net neutrality is an unwarranted and burdensome  regulation--something that hampers the internet. I would remind those  critics that net neutrality has been on the books for several years and  the internet is working just fine. Furthermore, the net neutrality  rules were upheld by the courts as appropriate consumer protection.   Yet we will hear too many of my Republican friends say that we  shouldn't restore net neutrality through this CRA because we need  bipartisan legislation to deal with this issue. That argument is a  duck. It is a dodge. It is a way for my Republican friends to delay.   Democrats are happy to do bipartisan legislation to enshrine net  neutrality into law, but the legislation is going to take time. In the  meantime, we must ensure consumers have a safety net right now, and  this CRA is the quickest  [[Page S2699]]  and surest way of doing it. Plain and simple, if you are for net  neutrality, you ought to be for Senator Markey's CRA.   This issue presents a stark contrast: Are you on the side of the  large internet and cable companies or are you on the side of the  average American family? That is what the vote on this legislation is  all about.   I say to every American who cares about an open and free internet:  Today is the day. Contact your Republican Senator. See who votes for  net neutrality and who votes against, and let them know how you feel  about the way they voted. This is our chance--our best chance--to make  sure the internet stays accessible and affordable for all Americans.   I yield the floor.   