 Madam President, President Trump and the Republicans have  been in charge of the White House, the House of Representatives, and  the Senate for nearly a year now. Under their control, these three  institutions have formed a Bermuda Triangle, if you will, for any kind  of meaningful legislation that will help average Americans.   They devoted most of last year to a destructive attempt to eliminate  health insurance coverage for 30 million Americans before pivoting to a  partisan tax bill that benefits the powerful and costs trillions of  dollars that could be spent many ways, including to enhance and improve  our military equipment and our military personnel; $1.5 trillion were  dedicated to tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans and not to the men  and women of the military. This tax legislation will also leave 13  million Americans without health insurance. So contrary to the  President's declarations--or those of his campaign--that he has a great  plan that will cover all Americans, 13 million Americans likely will  lose their coverage.   Now, Congress is 2 days away from a government shutdown because,  again, the majority and the President appear uninterested in governing,  which means compromise. It means working on policy together with both  Republicans and Democrats to deal with the real priorities--like jobs,  education, infrastructure, and national security--that are essential to  the American people.   The press has been focusing on the Trump-caused immigration crisis as  the supposed cause for the Republican dilemmas at the moment. It is  true that finding a solution for Dreamers is very important. Indeed, a  poll cited by the Washington Post's editorial board this morning said  that 82 percent of voters, including almost 70 percent of Republican  voters, believe there should be a path to citizenship for Dreamers.    This immigration crisis is not the only unfinished business before  Congress. We also have the Republican leadership's failure to make the  effort early on to deal with some of the issues that are now facing us  directly and affecting millions of Americans. Just think of some of the  issues.   Since September, 9 million children who are covered by the CHIP  program have essentially been going month to month on their healthcare  coverage because the President, and this Congress, hasn't passed a 10- year extension that actually saves taxpayers money.   Community healthcare centers are such a vital part of our healthcare  system. More than 25 million Americans use these centers. Once again,  their funding is in limbo because the program has not been  reauthorized.   Then there is the bipartisan Alexander-Murray bill to provide greater  stability to private health insurance  [[Page S223]]  markets. For a President who claimed he had a great plan to insure all  Americans much better than the Affordable Care Act, there has been no  movement on this important aspect of improving private healthcare  insurance for Americans.   What about issues like the flood insurance program? We saw  devastating floods in Florida and Texas. We know they are coming again.  In fact, last year was the largest year in terms of government  expenditures for storm damage that we have seen, including some of the  wildfires that raged in the West. We know the floods will come again;  yet a program we have for flood insurance is woefully underfunded, but  that has not been dealt with.   Then, of course, at the heart of what so many talk about are the  issues of the lingering sequestration caps that jeopardize defense and  nondefense priorities alike. Indeed, by the way these caps are  structured, our national security is jeopardized if we don't raise both  defense and nondefense spending because under the category of  nondefense are the State Department and other critical agencies.  Without funding, they will not be able to protect the country, along  with our Defense Department personnel. We have sought, over many  months, a balanced solution to provide the resources necessary to cover  the gamut of government programs for the benefit of all Americans.   In terms of flood insurance, we have American citizens in Puerto  Rico--all American citizens--along with the people of Texas and Florida  and California, because of the wildfires and recent floods, who  desperately need additional help, and we should respond.   Just as an aside, one other proposal the President made on the  campaign was for a really big infrastructure program, with investments  up to $1 trillion. He was going to do that in the first 100 days. Well,  a year later, we are still waiting, but in that time, we have seen $1.5  trillion being dedicated to tax cuts before anything else, and there is  very little room left--given our fiscal situation--for the robust kinds  of efforts he promised within his first 100 days.   The issue that has captured the imagination of so many is the issue  of the Dreamers, as I mentioned before. The President decided he would  remove protections for these individuals--as many as 800,000 of them--a  few months ago, last September. He created a crisis that need not have  been created.   We know the American people want these young people to get a chance  to stay here. They are working. They are serving in the military. They  are going to school. They are contributing to this community, and of  his own volition, the President decided he was going to create a  crisis. That crisis has now weighed heavily on us because, if we can't  resolve this issue, there is a danger these young men and women could  be immediately or very promptly removed from the country. We have been  talking about this for months, but there is no progress.   I was very impressed with Senator Graham's testimony before the  Judiciary Committee yesterday. As he noted, we thought last Tuesday we  had a solution because, on Tuesday, the President was talking about  love and comprehensive reform of our immigration laws and working  together. In fact, he was flanked by Senator Durbin on one side and  Representative Hoyer on the other side. That was Tuesday. Come  Thursday, it seemed to be a different President--a different President  in tone, a different President in terms of willingness to cooperate, a  different President in terms of bipartisanship. We just hope that,  before too long, the President from Tuesday returns because we don't  want a shutdown. We want, in fact, a comprehensive solution to our  problems.   When it comes to this particular issue of the Dreamers, as I have  suggested, both Senator Graham and Senator Durbin have done a  remarkable job working together in that good old-fashioned bipartisan  way of finding a good middle ground in which we can provide some sense  of security for the Dreamers. We can provide what the President wants:  border security. We can think about a first step toward comprehensive  immigration reform. That is the way we like to think this Senate, this  House, and this government would operate. They have done their part,  but they were met on Thursday with just unpredictable rejection and a  tone that is not Presidential, but far from that. We have to get that  job done, and I hope we can do that.   We have all heard the horror stories of these Dreamers. They have  come in to visit us. They have talked about what they are doing. They  have talked about how they want to continue to contribute to this  country. Again, I think we have to do that for them, but also because  they provide a significant economic contribution to this country.   The Center for American Progress has indicated that if DACA  recipients lose their right to work lawfully, it could reduce our GDP  by over $433 billion over the next decade. That is going to be a blow.  It would be $60 million annually over this decade for my home State of  Rhode Island. Not only is finding a solution the right thing to do, it  is the smart thing to do in terms of our economic well-being as a  nation.   It is still possible to break through this deadlock. ``It is not over  until it is over'' is the famous quote. We still have time--but not  much time--to provide for appropriate relief for the Dreamers, to  provide funding for our national security--that is defense and  nondefense funding--to raise the caps so we can deal with this and do  it, hopefully, not just for a short period of time but for at least 2  years. I think another kick-the-can-down-the-road measure is going to  be unacceptable. Another couple more days, even with an inducement here  and there--a nod at some of these policies that have not been actuated  yet--I think that would be the wrong approach. I think we have to sit  down and get it done.   This agenda has been the President's agenda, not the Democratic  minority's agenda. That is what happens when you control the  Presidency, the House, and the Senate; you set the agenda. Some argue  we should have been talking about infrastructure in January--last  January. Some argue we should have been talking about budget caps last  January and have a situation where we would be passing budgets on time.   Some of the complaints of my colleagues--and I heard them--is it is  not just the fact that the funding isn't sufficient, it is the  uncertainty of the funding that affects our readiness in the military,  that affects our ability in non-DOD functions to deal effectively and  efficiently with problems that face Americans.   As I mentioned, this agenda has been an agenda that was preoccupied  and just fixated on taking on ObamaCare, and that failed. Then it  shifted not to infrastructure, not to our budget problems, not to other  factors but to tax cuts, but to $1.5 trillion in deficit-funded tax  cuts.   Again, if you look at some of these military programs--for example,  the whole reinvigoration of our nuclear posture, which is to be the  subject of a nuclear posture deal, it has been estimated, over a decade  or more, to cost in the vicinity of $1 trillion.   I think people who are strong defense advocates can ask very  sincerely, if we are going to borrow $1.5 trillion, why don't we use it  on military equipment that we know we have to improve? Why are we  giving it disproportionately to the richest Americans? I think those  are questions that are resolved by the President and the leadership in  the Senate and the House.   We are here because I think most Americans want to get things done.  As I suggested by my polling numbers from the Washington Post, they  want overwhelmingly to see the Dreamers have a path to freedom. They  want to see people in Texas, in Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin  Islands get the help they need because of a natural disaster. They want  healthcare for children--the CHIP program. They want these children to  be able to go to community health centers because that is where the  vast majority of them go. They want to go ahead and ensure that these  things are accomplished.   Now is the chance to govern, and the levers of the government are  clearly in the hands of the Republican President, the Republican  Senate, and the Republican House, and those levers should be moving for  the American people.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   