 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend  for yielding, and I rise in strong support of H.R. 3542, the Hamas  Human Shields Prevention Act, introduced, sponsored, and authored by my  good friend and colleague Joe Wilson; and we are all very grateful he  has brought this important legislation to the floor.   H.R. 3542 is a critical and commonsense measure that addresses Hamas'  cynical and well-documented practice of endangering civilian lives for  the sake of its terror campaign against the State of Israel.   Many independent observers attest to the Palestinian terrorist  group's strategy of locating military equipment and installations  amidst civilian infrastructure. A 2015 Amnesty International report,  Mr. Speaker, entitled, ``Unlawful and Deadly,'' exposed this  reprehensible conduct by the Palestinian terrorist groups during  Israel's 2014 Operation Protective Edge in the Gaza Strip. The report  documented examples of ``attacks launched from the vicinity of civilian  buildings or from residential areas'' in addition to the use of  ``civilian buildings and facilities for other military purposes, such  as storing munitions.''   In one instance chronicled in this report, a foreign journalist  captured footage of a rocket launcher ``located some 50 meters from a  hotel frequented by international correspondents, 100 meters away from  a U.N. building, and very near several civilian homes.'' The footage  additionally showed ``children playing next to the rocket launcher.''   Amnesty further documented the discovery of ``Palestinian munitions  in three . . . vacant''--UNRWA--``schools in the Gaza Strip'' during  the conflict. One of these schools, although vacant, had ``two UNRWA  schools on either side of it''--that--``were each hosting around 1,500  displaced civilians.''   Mr. Speaker, Hamas' perverse practice of using U.N. installations to  shield military infrastructure has not abated since the 2014 Gaza war.  UNRWA discovers military infrastructure in the immediate environs of  its school on an alarmingly regular basis. Last year alone, the agency  reported discovering two militant tunnels located under its schools in  the Gaza Strip.   Of course, human rights reports and UNRWA statements account only for  a limited scope of violations that are observed and documented by  international organizations, media correspondents, and credible NGOs.  The real scope of Hamas' human shield policy is almost certainly far  greater. Israeli authorities, for example, reported that out of 3,600  Palestinian rockets launched in the first month and a half of Operation  Protective Edge, 1,600 of those rockets, nearly 45 percent, were fired  from civilian areas.   H.R. 3542 rightfully calls on the administration to use its voice and  vote in the United Nations Security Council to impose multilateral  sanctions on Hamas for this disgraceful pattern of exploiting innocent  civilians, including women and children, so that it can rain  indiscriminate rockets on innocent Israelis with greater impunity. This  bill would also impose U.S. visa bans and asset freezes on individuals  and entities that direct or facilitate Hamas' use of human shields.   By supporting this measure, Mr. Speaker, this House can advance the  cause of civilian protection for Israelis and Palestinians alike.   Again, I want to thank Mr. Wilson for this excellent bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of Sam  Johnson's resolution and join the House in honoring a truly heroic man  who has suffered so much for our country, and I thank him for that.   I would say to my colleagues, having read and observed Sam for so  many years, words are inadequate--they are truly inadequate--to  describe his courage, his tenacity, his faith in God, and his valor. He  is really a hero who stands above with few peers.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Sam for his leadership and for being who he is.  I also thank his family. It is just a privilege to know him and to be  up here supporting legislation that he has sponsored for a full and  thorough accounting of all of our POWs and MIAs.   As Members know, access to the battlefield during and after war is  important. With regards to Japan, Italy, and Nazi Germany, we had  access after the last shot was fired. Indeed, today we are close  friends and allies. So those who are missing in action or POWs are more  likely to be presumed dead if not found.   That is not the case, Mr. Speaker, when it comes to North Korea,  where there is no access to the theatre of operations in the North and  where we remain and the families remain in agony for decades about what  happened to their loved ones.   With regards to Vietnam, there were many live sightings of POWs  especially after prisoners like Sam and others came home, people who  were observed on the ground. I was part of the POW/MIA task force in  Congress in the 1980s. Jerry Solomon and others and I traveled to  Vietnam to talk about those live sightings and the fact that the  Vietnamese did not provide a full accounting. Many who were observed  went missing, and we think they may have been executed by the  Vietnamese long after the peace treaty was signed.   We do have some cooperation, as we all know, to crash sites and the  like. That is all good. It is certainly not enough. We do not have  unfettered access to the battlefield, and that remains a reason why our  great and distinguished colleague, Sam Johnson, is offering this  resolution. We need to redouble our efforts.   I would just point out for the record that Sam Johnson flew 62 combat  missions in the Korean war and 25 missions in the Vietnam war before  being shot down. He was in the Air Force for 29 years. He commanded two  air bases, among other things. He is a lifelong fighter, student of  war, combat warrior, a leader of men, and, of course, a prisoner of  war.   He spent, as my colleagues and I have all noted, nearly 7 years as a  prisoner of war in Vietnam, where torture was systematic. He endured  that, overcame that, and, of course, with his faith, became a great  inspiration to all of us as someone who has suffered so much, yet  continues to have a strong faith in God and a faith in humanity.   As he pointed out in a statement, he was 140 pounds when he was  released and repatriated. He also pointed out that during his  incarceration he was in solitary confinement and in leg stocks, like  the pilgrims, as he put it, for 72 days. Then, the following day after  he was let out, he couldn't walk. He was then put in leg irons for 2\1/ 2\ years: a tight metal cuff around each ankle, with a foot long bar  connecting the legs. He still has little feeling in the right arm and  his right hand after those 2,500 days of horrific captivity.   Again, he saw a silver lining because he still had a dream and hope  for the future, which some people would have lost a long time ago and  just given up--what an inspiration for today's generation of a man who  has suffered so much, has overcome so much, and remains an optimist  deep in his heart.   Again, words are inadequate to describe our colleague. Sam Johnson is  the definition of courage.   