 Mr. President, I rise today to talk with this body  about the NASA Administrator.   Later today, we are going to have a vote that is extremely important  for the future of NASA and the future of space exploration, what we are  going to do with our satellites, what we are going to do on climate  issues, and what we are going to do on weather. All of those are  related to NASA.    Jim Bridenstine, who is a friend and who is a fellow Oklahoman, the  current Congressman from Tulsa, OK--Oklahoma's 1st District--is the  person the President has tapped to say: That is the person I support to  be the next NASA Administrator.   He has for months and months and months gone through the process. He  has gone through committee hearings and has gotten all kinds of  support. The committees he served on in the House of Representatives  sent a bipartisan letter with wide majorities to the Senate saying: We  have worked with  Jim Bridenstine. He is exceptionally knowledgeable  about issues on space. He is a great choice.   They sent that letter over from the House to the Senate.   Multiple individuals have written letters in support of  Jim  Bridenstine, including Sean O'Keefe, who is a former NASA  Administrator. Buzz Aldrin also sent an extensive letter in support of   Jim Bridenstine and also wrote a pretty remarkable op-ed about  Jim  Bridenstine, in support for him.   We have had multiple different groups that are space related who have  sent us all kinds of information and endorsements about  Jim  Bridenstine leading NASA and being the next Administrator.   There has been a lot of support from around the country and from  multiple individuals--former NASA Administrators, former astronauts,  individuals who have risen up--but I still have people who bump into me  and say: I don't know who he is. Well, I get that. He is a Congressman  from Tulsa, OK. Let me give just a little bit of background so you will  have some perspective on him.    Jim Bridenstine began his naval career flying the E-2C Hawkeye off  the USS Abraham Lincoln. As a naval aviator, he had 333 carrier- arrested landings. He has had 1,900 flight hours in total. While on  Active Duty, he transitioned to the F/A-18 Hornet and flew at the Naval  Strike. He flew for TOPGUN. He served in Afghanistan. He served in  Iraq. He served in our drug interdiction work in Central and South  America, flying there. He has had a pretty remarkable naval career.   He graduated from Rice University, which is no simple thing to do. He  graduated with a triple major when he finished at Rice University. He  has an MBA from Cornell University. He is extremely smart, and he is  extremely engaged.   He has been very attentive to the issues of space. Serving in the  House of Representatives, he has made his focus space and research and  trying to realign NASA into being mission-focused. Some have said that  NASA in some ways has lost its focus of what it exist for.  Jim  Bridenstine has been very, very passionate in trying to get NASA back  on focus with a big vision and a big mission. He has done that with  multiple different bills that he has worked through, but he has also  done that in trying to articulate to the space community why it is  extremely important that we have a good, solid, and functioning NASA in  all of its areas of operation.   He has the support of our delegation. He has the support of many in  the space industry. He has the support of former NASA Administrators.  He has the support of former astronauts. And he should have the support  of this body today.   We will vote on him at 1:45. NASA's Acting Administrator is in the  process of retiring right now. Not only should Jim be here, but we  should not have taken this long to actually get to this spot. It has  taken 8 months to get to a vote on a NASA Administrator. Let's get him  on this task, and let's get him going. We need him in this spot, and I  think he will do a fine job. That is not just my opinion; folks from  all over the country have risen up and looked at him clearly and have  said he is the right person for the job.   