 Madam President, I rise to highlight a number of  important issues related to this year's defense authorization act.   Let me begin with a few words about the chairman of the Armed  Services Committee. It is fitting that the bill is named after the  senior Senator from Arizona, as the John S. McCain National Defense  Authorization Act. His imprint is clear and direct, all throughout this  bill. The bill makes clear America's strong commitment to our allies-- from Europe to Asia. It also demonstrates our clear commitment to  defend those allies from our enemies whenever and wherever the need  arises.   Those are principles held by every Member of this Senate. But there  are few who can defend those principles more vigorous to friend or foe  than the senior Senator from Arizona. As he noted in a speech last  fall, ``The international order we helped build from the ashes of world  war, and that we defend  [[Page S3968]]  to this day, has liberated more people from tyranny and poverty than  ever before in history. This wondrous land has shared its treasures and  ideals and shed the blood of its finest patriots to help make another,  better world. And as we did so, we made our own civilization more just,  freer, more accomplished and prosperous. . . .''   Even though he cannot be here, he is here with us, and we are there  with him. I would also like to thank the ranking member and the senior  Senator from Oklahoma for their work to protect our national defense  and provide for our servicemembers.   One area that I wish to highlight--and the defense authorization  highlights this year--is the U.S. investment in maintaining our  technological edge. We recently held a classified hearing in the  Defense Appropriations Subcommittee on this subject. The short of it is  that America cannot take its advantages for granted.   It is not clear to me that the Federal Government has its head in the  game. In the 1960s, Federal investment in R&D reached as high as 2.23  percent of GDP. In 2016, that had plummeted to 0.77 percent. In 1995,  the U.S. ranked fourth globally for R&D expenditures as a share of GDP.  By 2015, it ranked tenth. Recent history is no better. Last year, the  President proposed a 17-percent cut to Federal R&D, a greater annual  cut than any in the postwar era, including a 5 percent cut to defense  R&D.   I appreciate how strongly this year's defense authorization  highlights the importance of this issue, including increased emphasis  on high priority emerging technologies like hypersonics, artificial  intelligence, space, and cyber. Chairman Shelby and I will do our part  as appropriators to maintain a strong emphasis on innovation and  technology, and I appreciate hearing a similarly clear message from the  Armed Services Committee.   One area I am concerned about is the state of our defense personnel.  Last year, Congress approved a 2.4-percent increase in pay for our  military personnel and our Defense civilians. This year's budget  requests a 2.6 percent increase, but only for our military personnel.   Our men and women in uniform deserve this pay raise, and I am glad  that this increase will continue to ensure that America maintains the  best all-volunteer military in the world, but denying three-quarters of  a million Defense civilian employees a similar pay raise makes no  sense.   Oddly enough, the Pentagon recently issued a Defense Business  Operations Plan in April, which highlighted the importance of these  civilian employees. It argues, ``Recruiting, developing, and retaining  a high-quality military and civilian workforce is essential for  warfighting success.'' The report also notes that the Pentagon plans to  increase defense civilians in the next several years.   If we have any hope of recruiting, sustaining, and growing our  Defense workforce, we have to be willing to provide appropriate  compensation. Congress must act this year to ensure that the Department  remains competitive in this area.   I am also concerned about the provisions in the bill related to  nuclear weapons. During markup, the Armed Services Committee adopted an  amendment on party lines an amendment to remove Congress's right to  have a say in the creation of new nuclear weapons.   Under current law, the President must come to Congress for permission  in order to create a new nuclear weapon. It was a compromise brokered  more than 10 years ago by the senior Senator from Rhode Island and the  then-senior Senator from Virginia, John Warner.   It was a very good provision. Nuclear weapons are unlike any other  weapon in the US arsenal, with the power to literally end life on  Earth. They are unique and deserve extraordinary scrutiny. It is  shocking that Congress would cede its oversight responsibility in this  critical area. I support the amendment by the ranking member to reverse  this foolish provision, and I hope that we can address the issue in  conference.   We were unable to address several of these issues during floor  consideration of the defense authorization bill. I hope that the  conferees will address them during the next phase of the bill. In the  meantime, I reiterate my thanks to Chairman McCain, Ranking Member  Reed, and Senator Inhofe for their work on this bill.   Madam President. I am disappointed an amendment authored by Senator  Inhofe waiving the Immigration and Nationality Act's terrorism bars is  included in the National Defense Authorization Act. This amendment  would create a special immigration carveout for two groups from the  African country of Rwanda that committed serious war crimes.   Under our immigration laws, any foreigner who is a member of a  terrorist organization or provides material support to a terrorist  organization cannot be admitted to our country. The Inhofe amendment  would give the Trump administration the unreviewable authority to waive  these terrorism bars for two Rwandan groups--the Rwandan Patriotic  Front, RPF, and the Rwandan Patriotic Army, RPA--for activities prior  to August 1994, a period when these groups reportedly engaged in crimes  against humanity.   This is the precise time when members of the Hutu tribe, which makes  up the majority of the population in Rwanda, were perpetrating a  horrific genocide against the Tutsis, the second largest group in  Rwanda. What is not as well known is that Tutsi armed groups--the RPF  and the RPA--also committed gross human rights violations during this  period. Listen to what Human Rights Watch says: ``In their drive for  military victory and a halt to the genocide, the RPF killed thousands,  including noncombatants as well as government troops and members of  militia. As RPF soldiers sought to establish their control over the  local population, they also killed civilians in numerous summary  executions and in massacres. They may have slaughtered tens of  thousands during the four months of combat from April to July [1994].''   Providing a blanket immigration waiver to two groups whose members  committed these atrocities is a serious concern. If this provision  becomes law, individuals responsible for war crimes and other human  rights violations could find safe haven in our country.   To be clear, these immigration provisions, known as the terrorism- related inadmissibility grounds or TRIG bars, are too sweeping and can  prevent innocent people from coming to our country. The TRIG bars are  so broadly drafted that they apply not just to groups who have clearly  engaged in serious human rights violations, like the RPF and RPA, but  also innocent people who may have provided a meal or a few dollars to a  member of a foreign rebel group, even a group supported by the United  States.   In 2007, I held a hearing on the TRIG bars that featured testimony  from a nurse from Colombia who was kidnapped by the Revolutionary Armed  Forces of Colombia--also known as FARC--and forced at gunpoint to  provide medical care to FARC guerrillas. She escaped and fled to the  United States in fear for her life. However, she was denied asylum in  our country because, under the TRIG bars, she was considered to have  provided material support to terrorists.   In response to absurd cases like this one, Congress passed bipartisan  legislation granting the executive branch authority to exempt deserving  groups or individuals from the TRIG bars. In 2014, the Obama  administration used this authority to issue exemptions to the TRIG bars  for insignificant support that was not intended to support terrorist  activities. These exemptions were designed to protect refugees who  innocently interacted with a member of an armed rebel group. For  example, a refugee who gave a bowl of rice or cigarette to a member of  the Free Syrian Army or paid an opposition group to ensure safe passage  out of Syria could be exempted from the TRIG bars.   If individuals associated with the RPF or RPA have been unjustly  swept up in the TRIG bars, they should be eligible for the existing  exemptions. Unfortunately, the Trump administration has signaled it  plans to rescind these waivers. Rather than creating a blanket  statutory waiver that could benefit individuals that have committed  serious human rights violations, as the Inhofe amendment would do,  Congress should come together on a bipartisan basis to oppose the Trump  administration's efforts to undo the existing exemptions that protect  innocent refugees.  [[Page S3969]]    It is also troubling that Congress could provide this kind of special  immigration benefit to war criminals at a time when the Trump  administration is deporting immigrants who have lived in this country  for years and have committed no crimes.   For all of these reasons, I urge my colleagues on the Senate and  House Armed Services Committees to remove this problematic provision  from the final conference report.    I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms.  Duckworth), and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. Shaheen) are  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. Duckworth)  and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. Shaheen) are necessarily  absent.    I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. Duckworth)  and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. Shaheen), are necessarily  absent.   