 Mr. President, I begin today by congratulating my friend,  the senior Senator from Kentucky, Mr. McConnell, on becoming the  longest serving Republican leader in the history of the Senate.   This is an institution where somebody once wisely, I think, observed  that there are only really two rules. Unanimous consent and total  exhaustion are the way the Senate has in the past reached conclusions.  That would not be and is not an easy group to lead. But I think Senator  McConnell, more than any other Member of the current Senate,  appreciates and understands the institution in ways that very few  people do. He used the skills of understanding the uniqueness of the  Senate. There is no other legislative body designed, as this body was,  to be sure that the minority is heard and to be sure that the time we  take is adequate for points of view to be put out there.   During that time, in the past year, Senator McConnell has led our  conference and the Senate in delivering the biggest tax overhaul in  three decades, confirming a record number of circuit court judges, and  overturning unnecessary regulations that were holding the economy back,  and that is not easy to do.   Every Member of the Senate comes here on their own. They come here  working for the people who elected them. In many ways, we have 100  independent contractors who understand their bosses--the people they  work for--and the States they come from better than anybody else on the  Senate floor does. Now, that is not a bad thing. That is an indication  of bringing democracy to a place that has only 100 Members and always  has almost 100 different points of view.   Senator McConnell has earned the confidence of his colleagues. He has  led the Senate in a good way. I am proud to call him my friend. He was  the Senate whip when I was the majority whip in the House, and I am  grateful for the 11 years, 5 months, and 11 days of steady leadership  he has given.   Now, Mr. President, with the Democratic and Republican leaders, the  majority and minority leaders, both doing what they need to do, the  work of the Senate continues.   This is the 57th time the Senate has dealt with the National Defense  Authorization Act. It is the only bill that we pass as an authorizing  bill every single year, and I think that is highly appropriate. The No.  1 job of the Federal Government is to defend the country, and we give  that issue a different level of time on the Senate floor every year  than we do anything else.   The national security threats facing the United States today are more  complex and more diverse, certainly, than at any time since World War  II and maybe at any time ever. The United States hasn't seen the kind  of strategic competition we see from other places. We haven't seen the  diversity of opposition that democracy faces today. Frankly, our  competitive advantage is not what it once was. Our advantage on the  battlefield is not what it once was. It is still better than anybody  else but not as overwhelmingly better as we were at one time.    For us to continue to be successful, we have to maintain that  military advantage. We have to counter our potential adversaries. As  Senator Rounds just mentioned, we have to look at the new potential of  cyber warfare, being sure our cyber advantage, our technological  advantage, can't be disrupted because someone else has developed a way  to get into our systems better than we developed ways to defend them.  That is not an acceptable conclusion. We need to work to defend an  international order that has advanced our security, that has advanced  our prosperity, and that our allies and partners are an intricate part  of. This requires us to be sure we are always ready.   Secretary of Defense Mattis and senior leaders of the Department of  Defense have spent a lot of time crafting the national defense  strategy. This bill makes it possible for us to pursue that strategy.  This is not a bill where the Members of the Senate pretend to be the  master strategists of our defense, but it is a bill that allows the  Members of the Senate, with oversight, with responsibility to the  people we work for, to be sure that plan not only makes sense but is  supportive.   In the National Defense Authorization Act, there is a total of $716  billion. Half of all the discretionary money we spend, we spend on this  topic. This would be another time to repeat my observation earlier that  this is our No. 1 priority as the Federal Government or we wouldn't be  spending half of all the discretionary money we spend on this.   We need to be sure we keep faith with those who are serving, to be  sure they have the best resources, the best equipment, the best  training that is possible.   Importantly, the authorization bill provides our servicemembers with  a pay raise, a 2.6-percent pay raise. That is the biggest pay increase  in a decade, and it needs to happen. It authorizes crucial multiyear  procurement authority to keep our lines of defense production open. You  have to have more than a 12-month commitment to build things like the  F/A-18 Super Hornets that are made in St. Louis. We have been using  those aircraft at a high volume of use, part of flying package after  flying package. The Middle East has impacted our use of those planes  and others.   This is a bill that says: OK. We need to be sure we are looking  forward not just for 12 months but for a multiple series of months to  allow that line and the great men and women who work on it to keep it  going.   The NDAA invests in emerging technology, and we do all we can to  assure that our troops have what they need to make their mission  successful. This bill makes significant investments in research and  engineering to be sure that, again, we have the cutting-edge military  technologies, and we have the cutting-edge ways to defend those  military technologies.   It is hard for me, when we come to this bill every year, not to make  the point that we want to be sure Americans are never in a ``fair''  fight; we want to be sure they always have all the advantages anytime  they engage to protect our freedoms.   This bill recognizes the critical importance of our allies and our  partners around the globe who fight together with us, who have shared  responsibilities with us. This bill provides support to counter what we  see the Chinese doing in the South China Sea or what we see the  Russians doing as they look to--and obviously resent the success of  NATO--both economic and defense of those NATO countries. It continues  the fight against ISIS and terrorists in Afghanistan.   We are hopeful--I am hopeful we have some language in this bill  where, as opposed to an annual designation that recognizes those who  have been wounded and injured in the service, we could make that an  annual Silver Star Service Banner Day. I am grateful for the work those  families do every year, and I hope we can continue to honor them in  this bill.   This would, frankly, be a perfect bill to honor families of those who  have been injured and wounded in service, as it also recognizes the  incredible service  [[Page S3886]]  of John McCain. I can't think of anyone whose life of service to this  country is more exemplary, is more determined, is more vigorous than  his commitment to the people who serve but also to the taxpayers we  work for.   The John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act is named for  the chairman. He has given so much of his life to our service. This is  a bill that I hope appropriately honors his service, as I also hope it  appropriately does what we need to do to honor our No. 1 priority--the  defense of America.   I yield back.   