 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, a recent study from Harvard suggested  that the actual death toll in Puerto Rico as a result of Hurricane  Maria could be as much as 70 times higher than what was previously  reported. In fact, the study, which was released 2 weeks ago, suggests  that the death toll could actually have been in a range from 800 all  the way up to close to 8,000 deaths, and that is compared to the  official FEMA count of 64.   Recently, I was with the former Governor and now father of the  present Governor, Pedro Rosello. He shared with me that a George  Washington University study is underway to more accurately count the  deaths resulting from the hurricane, but there is no reason why there  should be such a discrepancy among U.S. citizens in these reports. The  latest findings are just another stain on the Federal Government's  overall response to the ongoing disaster in Puerto Rico, which has not  been too stellar.   The people of Puerto Rico are our fellow American citizens. They have  a right to know exactly what happened on the island as a result of not  just one massive storm but the second one which hit as well. They have  a right to know exactly how many of their friends and neighbors lost  their lives as a result of this disaster and exactly what the Federal  Government is doing to prevent such a tragedy from happening again.   That is why Senator Harris of California and I have introduced a bill  to create a better way to track the number of deaths caused by a  disaster. The legislation would require FEMA to work with the National  Academy of Medicine to develop a new uniform system for local, State,  and Federal officials across the country to more quickly and accurately  determine the number of deaths by a disaster like Hurricane Maria. Not  only will this bill help to provide some semblance of closure to the  families affected by devastating events, but it will also ensure that  the areas that are hardest hit by these disasters are getting all of  the disaster assistance they are entitled to, including funeral  assistance, which can help uninsured families afford the cost of  burying their loved ones. This legislation that Senator Harris and I  have filed is just one more step in our overall effort to help folks  recover from the storms from last summer. I am urging my colleagues to  work with us to get it done.   The people of Puerto Rico aren't the only ones still working to  recover from last year's storms. While we are now officially already in  June in the midst of this year's hurricane season, there are still too  many communities in Florida that have not received the hurricane  recovery funds that Congress passed this past February--the hurricane  disaster assistance appropriations. It is June and we passed it last  February and it is still not out the door of the agencies. That is 122  days ago, about 4 months. Folks are hurting. They would like to have  the disaster assistance money we appropriated. For these communities,  this is unbelievable. They are not just waiting for money from  Hurricane Irma from last year, they are waiting for funds from  [[Page S3399]]  Hurricane Hermine and Hurricane Matthew from 2 years ago.   This Senator has repeatedly called on the administration to do more  to expedite these funds for those who need it most by getting the funds  to them. However, our calls and our requests go unheeded. We have  fishermen and farmers whose livelihoods are being threatened, and their  assistance is being slow-walked. Some may have to close up their  businesses if they don't see relief soon.   Specifically, communities in the Florida Keys were especially  devastated. The eye of the hurricane went over about 19 miles up the  chain from Key West. Those on the northeast quadrant of the storm got  it the worst--around Big Pine Key. They are still waiting for some of  their assistance that was due for that hurricane last year. There are  homes that are still not repaired, and there are canals that are still  full of debris.   According to a recent article in the Miami Herald, only $600,000 in  FEMA reimbursements has been deposited so far to Monroe County, which  is in the Florida Keys. That is unacceptable. How are these communities  expected to prepare for the 2018 hurricane season if they don't have  the funds they were due from a year ago?   I am again urging the Trump administration to see this as the  emergency it truly is and finally release the funds to those who so  desperately need them. These communities can't wait any longer.  Congress has acted, and now it is time for the administration to do its  part.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   