 Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 2, the Agriculture and  Nutrition Act of 2018. H.R. 2 is not a work product that I am proud of  because it is not one that I or my Democratic colleagues had much of a  role in producing.   More than that though, I am opposed to H.R. 2 today because it is  simply not good enough for American farmers, consumers, or rural  advocates. H.R. 2 fails our farmers. The bill does not improve the  safety-net programs farmers need to manage a troubled farm economy. It  fails to make needed increases to reference prices under the PLC  program to address the 52 percent drop in national farm income.   It neglects repeated requests to increase funding for trade promotion  to help strengthen overseas markets in response to this  administration's actions on trade and renewable fuels.   H.R. 2 fails our Nation's hungry. While I agree that there are  changes that need to be made in the SNAP program, this is so clearly  not the way to do it. The bill cuts more than $23 billion in SNAP  benefits and will result in an estimated 2 million Americans being  unable to get help that they need.   Within the nutrition title, the bill turns around and wastes billions  that the majority cut from SNAP benefits to create a massive, untested  workforce training bureaucracy.   H.R. 2 fails our conservation goals by reducing the Federal funding  for our voluntary conservation programs by almost $800 million. It  fails our next generation. It lacks mandatory funding for scholarships  at 1890 land grants. It underfunds our programs for beginning farmers,  and outreach to socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.   H.R. 2, also fails our energy independence goals. Aside from  eliminating the entire energy title, the bill hobbles renewable energy  and energy efficiency efforts in rural communities by eliminating  funding for the Rural Energy for America Program.   H.R. 2 fails the farmers, rural advocates, and consumers that we are  here to represent on all of these fronts. But what is so incredibly  frustrating for me is, the failure of this process.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  David Scott).    Mr. Chair, I am now pleased to yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Fudge).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  New Mexico (Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from New York (Mr. Crowley), who is the chairman of the House  Democratic Caucus.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Minnesota (Mr. Nolan).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Illinois (Mrs. Bustos).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Scott), who is the ranking member of the Education and  Workforce Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  New Hampshire (Ms. Kuster).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Grijalva), the ranking member of the Natural Resources  Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I just remind the gentleman that the  nutrition program is permanently authorized. It doesn't even need to be  in this bill.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from North  Carolina (Ms. Adams).    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. O'Halleran), a member of the committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lee).    Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi), the leader of the Democratic  Caucus.    Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Panetta).    Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time we have on our  side.    Mr. Chair, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Delaware (Ms. Blunt Rochester).    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Chairman, as I spoke earlier on the drawbacks of H.R. 2, I may  not have mentioned, before I reserved, that I am very frustrated by the  breakdown in this process that has got us to where we are.  [[Page H4056]]    Now, Mr. Lucas is right, we do have to have a farm bill, but let's  understand what we need to do that actually is required. Title 1 needs  a farm bill. Title 2 needs a farm bill. Other titles need a farm bill  because they are only authorized for 5 years.   SNAP is permanently authorized. If we didn't do anything, SNAP would  go on like it is. Crop insurance is permanently authorized. If we  didn't do anything, crop insurance would go on just like it is. So the  part of the bill that we are worried about are these other parts that  will expire on the end of September 30.   Now, what happens if we don't get it done? We go back to permanent  law. Some of my constituents think that is a good idea because it goes  back to 100 percent of parity. Most people in America probably know  what I am talking about when I talk about 100 percent of parity, but a  lot of old timers in my district know very much what that is. And, you  know, it is $9 corn. They would love to have $9 corn.   So the permanent law is not an option. So we need to get something  done. But my point is that we don't need to do some of the things that  we are doing in these areas that are not required to do anything  because they are permanently authorized.   So, as I speak today, you know, I refused to give legitimacy to what  has been, in my view, an illegitimate process. The chairman said we  tried to work on a bipartisan basis. You know, we didn't raise any  issues at the time because he said he didn't have any money and we were  going along with the system. And that is till we got into the situation  where this SNAP stuff came forward, you know, and I told you this was  not going to fly in our caucus. And you can see over here the feelings  that you have engendered with this proposal, you know, and it is  breaking apart what we have had here in this country for a long time.   I have been here for four farm bills. I have been here as a member,  as a chairman, and as a ranking member. Now, as Frank said, each of  these bills has had their share of headaches, and they have all, at the  end of the day, though, had more common ground than opposition. And in  the end, the Agriculture Committee has always produced a product that  we could be proud of because we knew we delivered the best deal  possible, given the circumstances that we were dealing with.   We have always been able to work together for the mutual benefit of  farmers, rural advocates, and consumers. Prior to my time here, Senator  Dole and McGovern carried the medal--Hubert Humphrey from my State,  George Aiken before that. These weren't ideologues, but they weren't  pushovers either. Each knew where their party stood. Each also knew the  value making sure the length between people who grow the food and the  people who buy food and make sure that that link was strong.   So let me be as clear as I can be. In my opinion, breaking up that  coalition, ruining a partnership that predates all of us is a huge  mistake. More than that, the closed- and one-sided nature of this  process that we have been through is something that I have to call out.  It does not bode well for farm and food legislation to come.   No party can do this alone. It is too big of a job. So, as ranking  member on the House Agriculture Committee, I want you to know that I am  willing to come back to the table but only when the majority has the  ability to sit down and figure this out together.   I was told on this SNAP stuff by the chairman that he could not  negotiate it--it was nonnegotiable. That is what got us into this  problem. So, when we get to the point where we can actually start  talking about negotiation, I am willing to come back to the table and  try to get back to a bipartisan situation.    Folks want to do welfare reform. I was there in 1996. I was part of  the deal at that time. It should be done as a comprehensive review of  all of the programs, not just the farm bill.   I just think it is a huge mistake for us to be trying to tell people  that, somehow or another, putting work requirements and these other  things into the farm bill is going to overhaul the welfare system. That  is just not true. Most people don't get enough money out of the Food  Stamp program to make a difference one way or the other. It is not food  stamps that are causing people to be on welfare. It is not food stamps  that are causing people not to work, you know, and that is my big  objection to this.   It is just ideology run amuck, and it is screwing up the process  here, and I hope that we don't do so much damage that we can't pull  this back together at the end of the day and get this done.   So I am going to vote against H.R. 2, and I urge all my colleagues to  do as well, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, even  though I am in favor of this.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, this is something that I have been working on up in my  area for some time as well.   We have the Red River Valley, which is a river that flows north, and  it always causes a lot of trouble with the  [[Page H4124]]  flooding and so forth, a lot of erosion problems, and we have been  looking at ways to deal with this.   One of the ways that we found that really works is to put in pattern  tile along with lift stations and pumps and stop logs and so forth that  allow you to control this water and keep it until the water goes down.  You can let it out at the appropriate time. It improves the water  quality, and it will help us with flooding situations.   Our water management districts up there need this authority. They  would very much use this, and it would be a good thing for not only  stopping a lot of erosion, it would also improve the water quality  substantially in our watershed up there.   Mr. Chairman, I strongly support the amendment. I encourage my  colleagues to support it as well, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the  amendment, even though I am not opposed to it.    Mr. Chairman, I don't oppose this amendment. I don't  really have any problem with it.   We are using RCPP in my part of the world. I have not heard any  request for this, but I don't think it does any harm.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the intent of the amendment,  but there are a couple of problems here. One is that I have got some  hospitals in my area that have used this to establish rural hospitals.   There is a limited amount of money available in this fund, and what  you are going to do here with this is you are going to increase the  competition for it. There is already an increase in fees on the loans  in this bill. So, for smaller communities, it is going to make it more  difficult.   But the bigger problem I have with this, as I understand it, this  bill raises the limits for what is a rural area from 20,000 in the case  of broadband and water, and 10,000 on waste. These are numbers that  were put in in the 2008 farm bill when I was chairman. I just want to  point out to people: The biggest city in my district is 32,000 people.  I have 350 towns in my district, and only 12 of them are over 10,000.   So what this does is it puts us in a situation where we are going to  not be able to build hospitals because they are going to be sucked up  by these bigger communities in these other parts of the country.   So I just think this is something that is not needed. If you have got  a town of 50,000 people, you can go get financing some other place. You  don't need to be financed by USDA.   Mr. Chair, I oppose the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I just have a problem with a town of 50,000  being called a rural town. The average town in my district is 1,000  people, 1,500 people. Those are the folks who cannot afford to do this.  That is what this program is for.   I don't know how much money we have wasted on broadband in this  Congress, and one of the reasons we wasted it is we had a 50,000  population limit. What happened is these telecom companies and cable  companies went into these bigger communities because that is where they  could make money, and they overbuilt the systems two or three times.   Did they come out in the rural areas and do anything? No. So we still  don't have broadband, and in towns of 50,000, we have three systems. So  what I was trying to do in 2008 was trying to focus this stuff down to  where it--in my opinion--belongs. In your part of the world, that might  be the thing to do, but this does not work in my district, and I don't  agree with it.   Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to oppose the amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I am not going to oppose this amendment,  but I claim the time.    Mr. Chairman, I just want to point out that what you  did in amendment No. 6 is going to undermine what you are trying to do  in amendment No. 8 because it is going to allow the telecom companies  to game the system.   I don't know how many billions of dollars we have wasted on those  companies, and they have not accomplished hardly a thing. In fact, they  are the ones that have stopped us from getting broadband in the rural  parts of my district because they have vetoed some stuff that the State  is doing that actually would work.   What we need to do to fix this is we need to change the Universal  Service Fund, which is still tied to telephones. That is what got us  telephones in all of rural America because we had a Universal Service  Fund that was put on everybody's phone bill, and that gave us the money  to go out and put the phones in every house.   They are still doing that today. So I have broadband at my deer camp,  and the way I got it was because I had to put a telephone in in order  for them to get the subsidies so they could run the line to my camp.   So, if you want to get this done, what really needs to be done is we  need to change the Universal Service Fund and put it on broadband so we  have got the money to go out into those underserved areas that are  never going to get--there is one person a mile, one house a mile.  Nobody can make money on it. So the only way that is going to work is  if you have money coming from us to get those companies to go out and  do it.   I agree with what the gentleman is trying to do here, and I am for  what he is trying to do. But I think it is not going to happen because  we have tried. We have spent billions of dollars, and nothing has  happened so far. I have no confidence in these big telecom companies  getting anything done.   So, with that, I have got it off my chest. I am not going to oppose  the gentleman's amendment. God bless you and good luck.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition, even though I  am not opposed to the amendment.    I agree that chronic wasting is a serious problem. We  have it in Minnesota. We have spent a lot of money already in Minnesota  on research as they have in Wisconsin and probably other places.   Does this do anything about the problem of this getting out of farm  deer, farms and so forth? Because they just found in southern Minnesota  that this was spread by deer getting out of a farm deer situation. They  went in there, and every deer that was in that farm had chronic wasting  disease.   Does it do anything in terms of doing research to go in and make sure  those herds are not contributing to the problem?    I yield to the gentleman.    Mr. Chairman, reclaiming my time. That is not true.    I yield to the gentleman.    Mr. Chairman, reclaiming my time, is the gentleman  saying that USDA says there has never been a case where it has been  transmitted from a farm to wildlife?    I yield to the gentleman.    That is not true because it has happened in Minnesota  in two or three cases. So maybe they need to be researched. They are a  little behind the times it seems to me.   In southeast Minnesota, we don't have it up where I am at, but in the  southeast, this is prevalent. The same thing in Wisconsin. So everybody  that takes a deer has to take it into the DNR and get it tested  currently.   Once this thing gets into the wild, it is very hard to eradicate  without wiping out the whole herd, which some places are going to do  that.   So I am supportive of what you are trying to do. I just want to make  sure that we are doing, within the USDA and the animal welfare, health  thing, that they have got some resources there that can go in and make  sure that these farms are not transferring this stuff out in the wild  when a deer gets loose. That is apparently what happened in southeast  Minnesota. That is my only concern. Maybe we can work together on the  language and improve it. I will support your amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   