 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the ranking member for his  leadership, as well. There seems to be a lot of Minnesotans very  concerned about this issue.   I rise today in support of H.R. 1972, the VA Billing Accountability  Act, authored by my colleague from Pennsylvania, Representative Lloyd  Smucker. I am proud to cosponsor this important legislation.   During my time in Congress, I have been privileged to meet with many  of our Nation's veterans. Far too often, our Nation's heroes do not get  the treatment and care they deserve.   During my early days in Congress, nearly 1,500 instances of the  delayed payment of veterans' medical bills were uncovered at a local VA  in my home State of Minnesota. Without notification or explanation,  veterans were seeing their monthly statement increase by hundreds of  dollars, understandably causing panic and worry.   After Congress got involved, the VA helped our veterans by outlining  explanations for the charges, repayment options, and above all,  offering them reassurance and relief from the stress and anxiety they  were experiencing. This story is one of the many illustrating the need  for the VA Billing Accountability Act.   This issue is not unique to Minnesota. In 2015, 1.7 million improper  bills were issued by the VA, leading to $13.9 erroneously collected  from our Nation's heroes.   Veterans and their loved ones have sacrificed so much in defense of  our Nation. Unacceptable delays in payment and billing errors intensify  the care disparity veterans already face. The VA must be held  accountable, and H.R. 1972 is the first step in creating a more  transparent Veterans Administration.   Specifically, the bill will authorize the VA to waive payment for  delayed bills that veterans receive due to VA error.   Minnesota is home to 337,362 veterans, each of whom deserves quality  care without the stress and anxiety caused by unexpected or incorrect  billings. Our Nation's servicemembers should not have to pay for errors  or delays caused by the Department of Veterans Affairs.    Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank Representative Smucker  for his leadership on this issue; as well as Chairman Roe; my  colleague, the ranking member from Minnesota's Seventh District, and  the entire staff of the Veterans' Affairs Committee for their hard work  on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 1972.   