 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, last week, the House voted to reauthorize  for a period of 6 years section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence  Surveillance Act--a vital tool in tracking foreign terrorists abroad.  Last night, we had a very important vote in this Chamber, a cloture  vote, which will allow us to proceed to a final vote on this  legislation perhaps as early as tomorrow morning.   Congress enacted section 702 in 2008 in direct response to the  enduring threats to the country being posed by radical Islamic  extremism and the ever-expanding use of the internet and social media  by terrorists and foreign operatives. The law authorizes the Attorney  General of the United States and the Director of National Intelligence  to conduct surveillance on foreigners who are outside of the United  States so that the U.S. Government can effectively acquire that  intelligence information. As the Director of National Intelligence and  many others have stated--former FBI Director James Comey is another  one--section 702 is the crown jewel of our foreign intelligence  collection and a critical weapon in the defense of our Nation.   The law expires this Friday--that is right, just 2 days from now--so  the clock is ticking. I am glad the Senate took the first step last  evening, and I trust my colleagues will soon make sure the law is  reauthorized so that the U.S. Government can continue to collect  information that is vital to the protection of the Nation.   Because the law requires targets of section 702 to be foreign  citizens outside the United States, those targets are not covered by  the Fourth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. Clearly, people who are  inside the country, American citizens, are all protected by the Fourth  Amendment, but not foreigners, under Supreme Court precedent. Because  of that, the government isn't required to obtain a warrant before  initiating surveillance. That is where the misconceptions and confusion  start to arise, and I want to talk a little bit more about that.   Despite the strong bipartisan vote in support of section 702 in the  House of Representatives last week and the strong bipartisan support  for the provision here in the Senate, some critics want to delay  reauthorization and engage in a never-ending lamentation about the  demise of the Fourth Amendment. The Fourth Amendment, of course, is a  guarantee against unreasonable searches and seizures. Again, that  applies to American citizens, not to foreigners abroad. But these  critics have mischaracterized the aims of the many Republican and  Democratic proponents of this law, and frankly their concerns are  misplaced. They ignore the enduring value and core protections in  section 702 and the merits of various pro-privacy reforms in the House  bill. As I said, it is truly a bipartisan bill.   Critics have expressed three concerns, and I want to address each in  turn.   The first is that under 702, ``millions of bits of information are  collected on Americans,'' not just foreigners, and that ``[w]e don't  know the exact amount.''   What they are referring to, of course, is what the intelligence  community calls ``incidental collection''--when intelligence officials  monitor the communications of foreign terrorists and the information of  any Americans who are in communication with those terrorists sometimes  gets included in the mix. But, of course, if even an American is  talking to a foreign terrorist, certainly the intelligence community  would want to know that.   There are additional protections for U.S. persons who are  incidentally collected based on a target of a foreign national. All of  this would be a legitimate worry were it not for the fact that there  are safeguards built into the statute that ensure that no more American  communications are collected than are necessary to safely monitor  foreigners with suspected terrorist ties. For example, section 702  already explicitly prohibits the U.S. Government from intentionally  targeting a foreign person ``if the [real] purpose . . . is to target a  particular, known person . . . in the United States.'' That is illegal.  There are also so-called ``minimization'' procedures that limit the  dissemination and use of information acquired and scrupulous practices  at our intelligence agencies--the NSA, the CIA, and the FBI--on how  that information is dealt with in order to protect U.S. persons.   Under the bill, several additional features should be acknowledged.   The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court must review the FBI's so- called ``querying'' procedures and certify that they are consistent  with the Fourth Amendment.   I know of no government program that has as much oversight and  protection for the privacy rights of American citizens as the Foreign  Intelligence Surveillance Act. It is actually supervised by all three  branches of government--by the executive branch internally; by the  judicial branch through the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court and  other courts, which decided that there is no constitutional violation  in any of the procedures laid down in the Foreign Intelligence  Surveillance Act; and, of course, the oversight we conduct here in the  Senate and in the House on the Senate and House Intelligence  Committees.   To make sure all of this is scrupulously adhered to, a record must be  kept of each U.S. person query term used. And far from ignoring  Americans' privacy concerns related to incidental collection, the bill  requires that the intelligence community hire and employ civil  liberties officers--people whose explicit job is to look out for our  privacy rights.   In sum, those who would misleadingly paint the intelligence community  as renegade--as deliberately surveilling millions of Americans with no  checks in place--are simply wrong about the facts of this bill and the  layered protections that have been put in place.   Let me reiterate. The intelligence community is expressly prohibited  from targeting Americans under section 702, directly or incidentally.  In fact, the only Americans who might be worried about their  communications  [[Page S227]]  being swept up under section 702 are those who are deliberately  communicating with foreign terrorists. But all Americans will benefit  from a host of additional protections under the law.   The critics' second and related concern is that incidental collection  can be used in domestic criminal prosecutions. They are concerned that  the U.S. Government could collect information without ever having to  obtain a warrant and then use it to investigate and punish Americans  for crimes.   Again, this fear is misplaced under this bill. It is mitigated by  analysis done by the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board in  2014, who, after a comprehensive review, found no evidence of  intentional abuse. Concerns of the critics are also mitigated by the  FBI, which under this bill has to obtain a court order before it can  access the contents of 702 communications in support of a purely  criminal investigation, as opposed to an intelligence-gathering  activity. It is also mitigated by the fact that section 702  intelligence can be used as evidence against Americans only in  instances of the most serious crimes. Apart from obtaining a court  order, it can only be used if the Attorney General determines that the  criminal proceeding involves national security or other heinous crimes,  such as murder, kidnapping, or crimes against children.    The critics' preferred approach--and they introduced bills to this  effect last year--would prohibit the government from using any 702  collection to investigate these dangerous, violent crimes, and  therefore it would potentially protect dangerous criminals engaged in  some of the most egregious behavior imaginable--something I think we  would not want to do.   That brings us to the skeptics' third problem, which deals with  oversight. They fear that the reauthorization of this legislation could  spell the end of congressional monitoring of the program. They have  chastised this possibility as one that is ``callous in its disregard  for our cherished Bill of Rights.''   They are entirely correct to insist, in light of recent events, that  Congress should continue to engage in rigorous oversight of the  intelligence community and make sure that our surveillance tools aren't  used for political ends. But we already have oversight in spades, and  under this bill, we will have even more.   First of all, the House bill reauthorizes the program for only 6  years--not indefinitely. At the end of 2023, we will revisit section  702. In the meantime, existing and extensive oversight of section 702  will continue. As I mentioned, for example, there is judicial review.  The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court annually reviews section  702, and other courts have examined the use of section 702 in support  of criminal cases. All agree that section 702 does not violate the  Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. Even the Ninth Circuit,  which is frequently out of line with other circuits and the Supreme  Court, agrees that section 702 is constitutional.   Courts, of course, are not the only oversight mechanism; there are  ones within the executive branch, which I alluded to earlier, including  routine reviews by the Department of Justice and the Office of the  Director of National Intelligence. Of course, congressional committees,  such as the Senate Intelligence Committee and the Judiciary Committee,  both of which I serve on, also receive regular reporting on the 702  program and hold open and closed hearings on the subject.   Ultimately, the approaches that are preferred by the 702 critics  would force the FBI to rebuild the wall between criminal and national  security investigators that existed before the attacks in New York on  9/11 and would cause the FBI to stovepipe its section 702 collection,  contrary to the recommendations of numerous commissions, including the  9/11 Commission and the Fort Hood Commission. We need to remember that  the FBI protects our national security both as an intelligence agency  and as a law enforcement agency. In other words, it wears two hats. So  we can't wall off the FBI from the content of crucial communications,  and we can't wall off the FBI from intelligence agencies, such as the  National Security Agency and the Central Intelligence Agency. That was  the situation the FBI was in leading up to September 11, 2001.   We can't forget the increasingly dangerous world we are living in and  the diverse array of threats that confront us. FBI Director Chris Wray  has summarized our threat landscape. It is one that includes not only  large mass-casualty events like 9/11 in the United States and similar  recent attacks in Europe but also more isolated and diffuse lone-wolf  and homegrown violent extremist threats that give law enforcement and  national security investigators much less time to detect and disrupt.  Imposing additional obstacles to accessing this critical information  could either delay us when time is of the essence or, worse, prevent us  from being able to connect the dots of information that the U.S.  Government has already lawfully collected.   Real-world examples show how devastating this could be. A tip under  702 from the NSA, the National Security Agency, is what helped the FBI  stop an attack on the New York City subway system in 2009. There is  also Hajji Iman, who at one point was the second in command of ISIS.  Section 702 helped us get him and take him off the battlefield. Then  there is ISIS recruiter Shawn Parson--702 revealed his terrorist  propaganda and identified members of his terrorist network. There are  many, many more examples of instances where 702 helped us identify,  disrupt, and prevent attacks against the homeland here in the United  States and innocent civilians.   Whether it is combatting terrorism, detecting and countering cyber  threats, uncovering support to hostile powers, or acquiring  intelligence on foreign adversary militaries, 702 is one of our most  effective tools, and we simply can't afford to blunt the sharpness of  its blade or dull the focus of its lens.   In closing, I want to make one final point clear. I agree that, in  the words of one critic, the Fourth Amendment is not a ``suggestion.''  It is a core constitutional protection of our sacred freedom. But  reauthorizing section 702 would not suddenly relegate the Fourth  Amendment to second-tier status. Every court that has considered the  matter has said so, and frankly, it is obscene to ignore the balanced,  pro-privacy reforms in the House-passed bill that would provide even  greater protections for the Fourth Amendment rights of Americans.   The truth is that section 702 has never been systematically abused.  It has helped stop terrorist attacks both at home and abroad. It has  helped defend our troops on the battlefield. It has been critical to  the Russian collusion probe and other counterintelligence work. As I  said, every court--every single court--that has considered the program  has found it to be lawful and constitutional; in other words,  consistent with the Fourth Amendment in the U.S. Bill of Rights.   So we can all rattle the saber of civil liberties to score political  points, but large, misguided changes to 702 are not the way to go. The  House-passed bill will provide greater transparency and procedural  protections for the Fourth Amendment rights of innocent, law-abiding  Americans, while at the same time allow us to remain vigilant in  protecting the homeland and our troops abroad and our national security  at large by making sure we have the information we need in order to  connect the dots with the threats to our national security.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   