 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, my amendment would fully repeal the poster child of  government overreach from the Obama administration, the 2015 waters of  the United States rule.   This rule gave unelected bureaucrats at the EPA the power to broadly  interpret what is a navigable waterway and has led to mass confusion  for farmers in my district and across the country.   The Obama-era WOTUS rule, which has been delayed thanks to the Trump  administration, is confusing, overreaching, and broad. Under this rule,  a navigable waterway could be interpreted in such a way that even a  puddle in a farm's drainage ditch could be subjected to Federal  regulation.   Mr. Chairman, it is vitally important that the definition of a  navigable waterway be carefully and clearly determined. The  encroachment of the Federal Government upon farmers and landowners has  been severe.   We in Congress have a responsibility to call a spade a spade and  remove this onerous regulation and go back to the drawing board with  input from all stakeholders.   Mr. Chairman, unelected bureaucrats sitting behind a desk in  Washington should not implement these overreaching Federal regulations  on local farmers in northeast Indiana. Congress should work together  with local and  [[Page H4226]]  State officials and experts to determine an appropriate solution and  remove the detrimental and excessive approach attempted by the Obama  administration.   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Gosar), the chairman of the Western Caucus,  who has been instrumental in developing this amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Louisiana (Mr. Johnson), my fellow freshman colleague and a great  defender of private property rights.    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time for  closing.    Mr. Chairman, in closing, this amendment isn't  just important to farmers; it is important to all landowners in our  country. It is a big step forward in protecting our private property  rights. I applaud President Trump for delaying the rule as he had, but  this is our opportunity to repeal it once and for all.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   