 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this week we are debating an important  piece of legislation that is going to streamline and simplify  government regulations. We are going to make it easier and cheaper for  families to get access to loans from their local banks. This  legislation is good for communities, and it is good for the American  economy.   This is just the latest action we have taken in Congress over the  past year to help give the American economy a boost. The economy is  responding, and the American people are doing better because of it.   Here is a headline from the New York Times on Friday: ``The Economy  is Looking Awfully Strong.'' That is the headline in the New York  Times--``The Economy is Looking Awfully Strong.'' This article was  about the jobs report that came out last week. It said that the report  ``can be summed up in four words: The economy is humming.''   The U.S. economy has already created over 552,000 new jobs in just  the first 2 months of this year--over half a million new jobs in the  first 2 months of this year. There are half a million more people  working today compared to when Republicans passed this tax relief law.  If we want to go back a little, there are more than 3 million new jobs  since President Trump was elected in November of 2016. That is a real  number to look at. That is the moment when people said they had enough  of slow-growth policies from the Democrats in Washington and elected  Donald Trump President. That is the moment when businesses realized  things were going to be different with Republicans in charge.   More people are working now. And do you know what else? They are  being paid more. According to the Commerce Department, the take-home  pay of working people in America increased by $40 billion in January.  They say it is directly because of the tax relief law that Republicans  passed last December.   More than 4 million workers are also getting a bonus or a pay  increase. Four hundred companies have said that is because taxes went  down. They are sharing the savings with their workers. These are people  who work at Home Depot, Lowe's, Walmart, Starbucks, and other  businesses that have familiar names all across America. They are also  people who work in smaller businesses, like the Jonah Bank in Wyoming,  at branches in Casper and in Cheyenne. It is not a nationally known  bank, but it is very important in our State and in our communities.  Some people who are getting bonuses work at places like Taco John's.  That is another business that is important to the people of Wyoming.  When I was in the State senate, Taco John's was a place I went  regularly to eat lunch. It is one of many Taco John's facilities around  the State of Wyoming and around the West. Republicans cut taxes, and  working Americans are seeing more money in their paychecks as a result.   This is what we see in terms of confidence. This new survey came out  recently where they talked with the heads of midsized companies all  around America, and this is what they say: 89 percent of the business  leaders are confident in the U.S. economy and the economy's prospects  for the year. U.S. economic confidence soars--in 2016, 39 percent; in  2017, 80 percent; and in 2018, now 89 percent. The American people  realize we have now beaten back 8 years of bad policies from Democrats  in Washington. As soon as President Trump took office, we saw  confidence soar, and I don't know that it has ever been higher.   Americans are feeling better about the U.S. economy. They are also  feeling better about their own personal situations. That is the key-- people's own personal situations. That is certainly the case in my home  State of Wyoming.   The polling company Gallup looked at overall economic confidence  State by State. They found that Wyoming is the most confident State in  the country when it comes to America's economy. Attitudes about the  economy turned positive immediately after Donald Trump was elected  President in 2016. You could feel it. You could feel the confidence.  You could feel the optimism. You could feel the positiveness in the  people of Wyoming. People living in 43 out of the 50 States now have a  positive view of the economy, and Wyoming, of course, is No. 1.   People I talk to at home--I was in Cody, WY, this past weekend, as  well as in Sheridan and Riverton and Casper and around the State  talking to people in various communities. The people I talked to about  the economy will tell you it is because businesses are hiring again.  People are doing better. They see their take-home pay going up. They  see their taxes going down. They see that Republican policies are  making their lives better. They see that Republican policies are also  making the economy stronger. They see that Republican policies are  making it easier for people to achieve their dreams and to enjoy their  lives. It comes from tax relief. It comes from cutting regulations, as  we are doing this week.   What are the Democrats offering? Well, last week, the Democratic  leader came to the floor and said he wants to raise taxes by $1  trillion. That is what the leader of the Democratic Party said on the  floor of the Senate last week. He wants to raise taxes by $1 trillion.  Is he serious? A trillion dollars? Raising taxes? Taking away from  people the tax cuts they have just started to enjoy?   More people have jobs. The economy is humming. The New York Times  says the economy is humming. Ninety percent of working Americans have  increases in their take-home pay. That is because of the tax cuts this  body passed. Democrats want to reverse it all. That is what we hear on  the floor of the Senate. They want to take back the money. They want to  roll back the progress we have made. That is their plan--raise taxes.  That is what we hear from the Democrats.   Senator Schumer came to the floor of the Senate, and he said: ``There  are much better uses for the money.'' That is what he said on the floor  of the Senate. That is what the Washington Democrats always say. They  have better uses for the money than the American people do. They have a  better idea, they always say, about how to use somebody else's money.  They want higher taxes. They want more Washington spending because they  think they know best. They don't think the money should go to pay  increases or bonuses for working Americans. Really? They think it  should go to Washington? I think American families know how to spend  their paychecks better than any Washington Democrat ever will.    Democrats say they want to use this $1 trillion in new taxes to pay  for infrastructure. We all know that America's infrastructure--our  roads, our bridges,  [[Page S1717]]  our dams, our waterways--are in desperate need of attention, but as  chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee, I can tell you  that I am committed to improving this situation by working with the  President and working on both sides of the aisle. If Democrats want to  talk about a robust and fiscally responsible infrastructure plan that  is going to help the American economy, then I am ready to have that  conversation, but if all they want to do is talk about raising taxes on  American families, they are wasting their breath.   There is a very big difference between Republicans and Democrats in  Congress: Republicans want the American people to keep more of their  hard-earned money. Democrats want Washington to take more of people's  money. Republicans want new policies that grow the economy, create  jobs, and inspire confidence in a brighter future. Democrats want the  same old tax-and-spend policies that have failed for years. Their  policies have led to slow growth, stagnant wages, and a terrible lack  of confidence in our economy.   Republicans promised that our ideas will do better, and the results  from the tax cuts and the tax relief speak for themselves. The economy  is strong. Confidence is off the charts.   The American people deserve this chance to have a brighter future.  That is what Republicans are offering, and that is also what  Republicans are delivering.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   