 Mr. Speaker, at 3:40 in the morning, I am a little  surprised that some of our colleagues wish to reprise history, but I  guess so be it.   Some forget here that we passed all 12 appropriations bills in  September, to no avail. They sit in the Senate requiring 60 votes.   I remember a few days ago I stood here and we talked about math with  my colleagues, and the Republicans had 51 votes in the Senate. A  democracy requires people work together.   The Senate decided not to do that, so we have ended up with a series  of continuing resolutions, what I consider to  [[Page H998]]  be an absolute travesty of governance. We have to fund the government  in pieces. A month here, 6 weeks there.   The last CR, we almost had a deal. It seemed like there was an  arrangement we would have to move forward to fund the government before  the shutdown.   But, I will stress, some of our colleagues on the other side of the  aisle in the other Chamber decided to throw the kitchen sink at it,  demand their entire legislative agenda be put into a CR; DACA, which we  are hearing tonight, then they came up with pensions. It was one thing  after another of demands, using funding our military, funding our  government, keeping the lights on as leverage for their political  agenda.   We have a basic function here: keep the lights on.   The second thing the Constitution says is to preserve and protect our  Nation, which means we have to fund our military. But some have felt  this is not necessarily a priority of theirs if they can't get the  other things they want when they want them.   We now have a bipartisan agreement that the Senate has sent over. It  is far from perfect. I don't know if we will ever see perfect in this  Chamber. In my 35 years of business, I rarely saw perfect, but you take  progress and move on.   What does it do for us?   It fully funds defense at the level that Secretary Mattis requested  so we can defend our Nation against the threats we see and take care of  our military men and women.   It funds community health centers. I have 11 of them in my district.  It provides 10-year funding for CHIP now--the Children's Health  Insurance Program--near and dear to all of us.   It provides a down payment on infrastructure that is badly needed in  this country.   It provides additional funding for opioid treatment in this Nation, a  crisis that we face.   So, again, I am left to wonder why it is we want to defeat the rule  to turn down this effort, this bipartisan agreement, to add another  agenda in there. Why would my colleagues want to do that?   At some point in time we take progress. The Speaker has indicated we  will deal with DACA. We will also move on to dealing with  infrastructure. We will move on to workforce development. We have got  serious policy issues to deal with, but the priority we have at this  moment in time is to fund the government.   We have a bipartisan agreement in front of us that has cleared the  Senate. It is now 3:43 a.m. I suggest we simply pass the rule, pass it,  and go home and get on with policy next week.   