 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks  and to include any extraneous material on the subject of this Special  Order.    Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that  I stand to anchor this special hour because this Nation is faced with a  very serious threat. As a matter of fact, it is a devious threat to the  labor unions, our great labor unions that have played a most  fundamental role in establishing the greatness of the economy of our  great Nation.   Mr. Speaker, this evening, first I want to thank the chairman of the  Congressional Black Caucus, Mr. Cedric Richmond from Louisiana, for his  great leadership. I appreciate him giving me this opportunity to anchor  this special hour.   Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank the staffs of the CBC, Ms. Caren  Street, who has worked very closely with my staffer, Ms. Seema Ibrahim,  who has done a remarkable job.   Our whole team of many Congressmen from every sector of this country,  every part of this country, is going to come before this House of  Representatives in these next 60 minutes to explain and expose to the  American people two important things.   First of all, we want to illustrate our deep understanding of the  great value of the labor unions to this great country.   We also want to expose the great threat that is now being faced by  our labor unions. The first group of our labor unions that is facing  this threat are the public sector unions, most pointedly because in a  matter of a few weeks, the Supreme Court will take up a case, Janus v.  AFSCME.   This Janus case is designed to remove what has already been  established as the constitutionality of public service unions to be  able to mandate fees and dues for their membership, which will be a  catastrophic threat to the survival of these unions. So we want to  explain that. We want to also share the greatness of this. So this is  where we are.   I want to ask those who are listening over C-SPAN tonight all across  this country to call a neighbor, call a friend, tell them to tune in  and listen to these Members of Congress pour out the truth about what  is at stake with this Janus court case that will be coming up before  the Supreme Court.   The first union that will be dealt with is AFSCME, but it is far more  than just AFSCME. It is the public sector unions that will be ruled as  to whether it is constitutional or not for them to have dues to be able  to play.   This case comes from an individual, Mr. Janus, in Illinois who  disagreed with political endorsements.   What is important to understand going forward, Mr. Speaker, is that  the constitutionality has already been upheld.   On top of that, if there is any union member who does not agree with  those political endorsements, he has a right to get a financial rebate  for that part of the dues that will go to political endorsements.   So if Mr. Janus' concerns have been dealt with, then why this case?   That is the Achilles' heel that will prove the deviousness of what is  before us.   Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I bring on our first  speaker. This gentleman, Representative Bobby Scott, is the ranking  member of our Education and the Workforce Committee. On top of that, he  is a fierce fighter for working families and he is a leader in making  sure that labor unions will continue to have the rights that they  fought so hard for.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Scott).    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  his comments.   It is very important, as he has mentioned, to note that we are  talking about not just AFSCME, as I said, but we are talking about  nurses unions, educators, the teachers that teach our children, our  police, firefighters, everyone. It is very important that the people of  this country really get informed about this.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,  Representative Dwight Evans, who normally anchors this hour and does a  great job.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman  from Illinois (Mr. Danny K. Davis), a leader and a fighter from the  very State where Mr. Janus is from.    Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased that the  gentleman mentioned the important fact of the fantastic role that labor  has played. Without organized labor, there would be no middle class in  America. There would be no 40-hour workweek. Child labor laws would not  be on the books.   The role that organized labor has played cannot be communicated  better than our next speaker, the gentlewoman from California (Ms.  Lee), who is a legend in standing up and fighting for working people  and labor unions. I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee).    Mr. Speaker, it is so right that the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee) mentioned Dr. Martin Luther King,  Jr., because this year is the 50th anniversary of his assassination.  And what was he doing?   As you pointed out, he was in Memphis helping the garbage workers. It  was Local 1733 that had just got their charter. And when the threats  were out about him, they wanted him to leave. He said: ``No. I don't  know what would happen. We have got some difficult days ahead, but I  just want to do God's will.''   Mr. Speaker, that is what we are doing here tonight.   Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I yield to the gentleman  from Missouri (Mr. Cleaver), a dear friend, a leader in the fight for  unions and working people who loves this Nation immensely, and who  works with me on the Financial Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Reverend Cleaver for  his comments.   Mr. Speaker, there are 7.1 million members of just the public sector  unions. Thirty-four percent of all of the employees in public service  belong to unions, and this Supreme Court case would be devastating to  these 7.1 million families.   Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I yield to the  gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Clarke), who serves on the very  influential Energy and Commerce Committee.    Mr. Speaker, it was so good of the  gentlewoman to mention the why in all of this because, Mr. Speaker, in  1977, 41 years ago, in the Abood v. Detroit Board of Education, it was  ruled constitutional, and now they want to come back 41 years later and  say it is not constitutional. That is the big why we are going to get  to answer as we move with these great speeches from our Members from  across the country.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Ellison), a  tireless fighter for working people, who is also the vice chairman of  our Congressional Progressive Caucus as well as the vice chairman of  our Democratic National Committee and a good friend. We work together  on the Financial Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Ellison for his  comments. Well done.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Ms.  Jackson Lee). And you talk about a fearless fighter, Mr. Speaker, Ms.  Sheila Jackson Lee.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. Sheila Jackson  Lee for her comments.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the Congressman from the great State of New  Jersey (Mr. Payne), who is a strong fighter on behalf of unions.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. I  really appreciate that.   I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Jeffries), who is a  leader on the Judiciary Committee and who knows full well how wrong it  would be for the Supreme Court to reverse itself and take away a right  that was given to labor unions just 41 years ago and then switch it  back. That is not fair.    I thank the gentleman so much for his  comments.   It is with great pleasure that I yield to the gentlewoman from  Delaware (Ms. Blunt Rochester), who also served as the former secretary  of labor of Delaware, whom I have worked with on our Agriculture  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, it is very important to  recognize that Ms. Sheila Jackson Lee is a senior member of the  Judiciary Committee as well and has vowed to lead this fight in the  committee, and we appreciate that.   It gives me great pleasure to yield to the gentlewoman from Orlando,  Florida (Mrs. Demings). And may I say, Mr. Speaker, that Mrs. Demings  is the former chief of police of Orlando. Who better to speak to the  damage that this Supreme Court Janus decision could have on our police  officers than the former chief of police.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman  from Washington (Mr. Heck), a strong fighter for labor unions.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  his comments, and I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Takano).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman  from Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky).    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  Mr. Perlmutter may have 4 minutes as our final speaker.    Mr. Speaker, I had so many Members that I  couldn't get them all in. But I appreciate it, and I hope that I have  shared with the American people tonight this case and the threat it  holds for our very valuable unions.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   