 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I would like to thank Chairman Carter and  Ranking Member Wasserman Schultz for their hard work on behalf of the  63,000 veterans in my district, as well as servicemembers and veterans  across the country.   Mr. Chairman, I am grateful to once again have the opportunity to  offer this important amendment, which would simply prohibit any funds  made available in this act from being used to propose, to plan for, or  to execute a new or additional round of BRAC.   Mr. Chairman, I am privileged to represent the Fourth Congressional  District of Texas, which is home to the Red River Army Depot. The Depot  has supported the warfighter since 1941; and although the Depot  community has weathered a lot of changes over the years, its commitment  to mission has remained the same. On the placards inside of every  vehicle are the words ``We build it as if our lives depend on it.  Theirs do.''   The Depot is a vital job creator in northeast Texas, and it is a  critical component, Mr. Chairman, of our national defense. In this  fiscal environment, we have to be careful stewards of taxpayer dollars  and focus our limited resources on addressing critical national  security objectives and our military readiness. Having another round of  BRAC simply won't help us achieve this goal.   To that point, the Government Accountability Office said that the  last round of BRAC back in 2005 cost the American taxpayers over $35  billion, which was 67 percent more than the original cost estimate.   Starting another round of BRAC would weaken our capabilities while  [[Page H4995]]  increasing our vulnerabilities in the face of critical threats facing  our Nation right now.   I would like to thank my colleagues who have supported this important  amendment for the past 3 years, and I look forward to having this  amendment included in the MILCON-VA appropriations bill.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield to my colleague from Texas,  Chairman Carter.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   