 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Thank you, Mr. President.   Today I rise to bring attention to the No Internment Camps Act. This  is an important bill to make sure that America does not repeat the  mistake of World War II and develop and expand internment camps here in  the United States of America.   One may think that this is something that is farfetched, that of  course the United States would not establish internment camps, but the  fact is, we already have 3, and the House passed a bill to greatly  expand those internment camps. We have 35 sponsors of a bill here in  the Senate to expand internment camps. We have the President issuing an  Executive order asking Congress to expand internment camps. Recently,  the President put forward a draft regulation to expand internment  [[Page S6783]]  camps without the consent of Congress. So it is all very real.   Where did this story begin? It began, as far as public awareness, on  May 7, when Attorney General Jeff Sessions gave a speech. He called  this his zero-tolerance policy. I listened to the description of the  zero-tolerance policy on arresting people at the border, and I said:  You know, when you take away the fancy rhetoric, it sounds like he has  criminalized families who are fleeing persecution from overseas. I  thought, that is a pretty stunning situation because we in America  often look to Lady Liberty and the words inscribed on the base or  pedestal of Lady Liberty that say ``Give me your tired, your poor, your  huddled masses yearning to breathe free.''   The idea that our Attorney General is saying we are going to  criminalize flight from persecution--and it was found, furthermore,  that they were going to immediately throw adults into jail and rip away  the children from their families. That is not possible. That is not  possible here in the United States of America.   So I arranged to go down to the border. I went down on June 3 and  visited the McAllen processing center. The McAllen processing center is  a location that the press had never been allowed into, so they were  stationed outside saying: What are you going to find inside? What are  you going to see? What is in there?   I expressed surprise that the press here in America was excluded from  this facility to see what was going on.   I went in. I was given a tour. What I found was pretty shocking--a  room in which huddled masses of families were shoved into wire link  cages with nothing but an aluminum foil Mylar blanket. Then in an  adjoining larger space, a warehouse space, we saw larger cages, 30-by- 30 foot cages where families were being separated into fathers in one  cage, mothers in another, daughters in a third, and sons in a fourth.   I stood in front of one 30-by-30 foot chain link cage and said: These  young boys, who are lining up by height to prepare for being fed; these  young boys, with the smallest being just knee-high to a grasshopper,  maybe 4 years old; these young boys have been separated from their  parents?   The answer was this: Well, Senator, not all of them. Some of them  arrived unaccompanied.   I said: But many of these boys in this cage were taken away from  their parents?   They said: Yes.   I said: Well, where did that happen?   They said: Well, we brought the family in that door over there, and  then, with some explanation, we said, ``We need to take your son away.  We need to take your daughter away. We need to take your spouse away.''   And they were locked up in these various locations inside that  warehouse.   So it turned out it was real. The administration was criminalizing a  flight from persecution, a flight that our ancestors know all too well,  fleeing from civil war, from religious persecution, from famine to come  here to the United States of America and see that beautiful, welcoming  Statue of Liberty--``Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses  yearning to breathe free''--but instead of that welcoming embrace,  prison for the parents and, quite frankly, prison for the children,  separating them.   I went from there up to Brownsville. I had been told by immigration  advocates that many of these young men were being stuffed into a single  building up in Brownsville, a former Walmart run by a nonprofit called  Southwest Key. I had asked permission to visit this location, and I had  been told: No, no, no. You have to give 2 weeks' advance notice.   They had a waiver system, so I asked for a waiver to be able to see  what was going on inside this former Walmart. The waiver was turned  down. Clearly the administration did not want any Member of Congress to  see what was going on inside that building.   Since I was there in Texas, I drove up the road to Brownsville and  said: Well, I will just call them up when I get there and say, ``Surely  you have enough members on your staff that one of them could come out  and talk to me, or maybe one of them could give me a tour of what is  inside.''   When I arrived and walked up to the door of this former Walmart,  there was a phone number posted on the front of it. I proceeded to call  that phone number and talk to the assistant to the supervisor of the  facility. The assistant said: Yes, the supervisor would be happy to  come out and talk to you.   I waited 10 minutes. No supervisor appeared. I called again, and they  said: Oh, no, the supervisor is on his way.   Well, what the supervisor was really doing was waiting for the police  to arrive. They called the police to come and arrest me. Very  interesting--you are arrested for knocking on the door and asking to  have a supervisor talk to you? Well, they didn't arrest me. They hadn't  actually formally asked me to leave the property, but they certainly  weren't going to let me inside to see what was going on or even talk to  me about what they were doing.   The immigration advocates have said: We have heard a rumor that  possibly up to 1,000 young boys have been stuffed into that Walmart. I  thought, that is not possible. As I was standing there and talking to  the press, I repeated that. I thought, I shouldn't say this. I  shouldn't say this because that is so outlandish. Surely no  administration would try to stuff 1,000 boys into one building.   So I was refused entry. I brought attention to this scandalous child- separation strategy--this strategy of deliberately inflicting trauma on  children in order to send a political message. No one in the world can  justify inflicting trauma on children to send a political message. It  is not acceptable under any moral code. It is not acceptable under any  religious tradition. But the dark heart of this administration had  hatched this evil plan, and it was being implemented.   I went back 2 weeks later, on June 14, and I went back with  reinforcements--other Members of Congress. We went to that facility,  and this time they granted a waiver and said: Yes, you may see what is  going on. They allowed the press in as well. So we went in for a tour.   I asked ``How many boys are here?'' thinking, at most a couple  hundred.   They said: Well, we are now ready to put 1,500 boys in this facility,  and we are one busload short of filling it.   I think they said there were 1,467 residents in this one building.   They took me out to the outside area, where they had set up a soccer  field. They said: Isn't this wonderful? We have a soccer field.   Imagine how long it takes for nearly 1,500 young boys to circulate  through a soccer field.   They took me to a game room, and there was a broken Foosball machine.  I thought, how long does it take 1,500 boys to circulate through a  single broken Foosball machine? Maybe there were a couple of them; I  remember seeing one. They were very proud that they had this soccer  field and this game room.   I said: You know, you expanded so fast. At the beginning of the year,  how many boys did you have?   They said: Well, we planned for 300. We had 300 bedrooms and 300  boys.   They said that 2 months ago, they had increased to 500, and now they  have 1,500 or almost 1,500.   I asked: This rapid expansion--did you plan carefully for this?   They said: Oh, yes.   I said: Was there anything that you needed that you fell short on?   The director of Southwest Key said: Yes. We don't have mental health  counselors, or at least we are short.   I said: How many are you short?   They said: Ninety mental health counselors.   Ninety? Wow. That is a big shortfall. Realize that these boys were  fleeing persecution from overseas. So they had experienced trauma in  their lives abroad, they probably experienced trauma en route, and now  they are experiencing the trauma of being ripped away from their  families and shuttled off to this warehouse. Yet there was no plan to  have the mental health counselors needed for this population. This is  one feature of the incompetence and callousness of this administration  in implementing this policy.   Public outcry was significant. I thank all Americans who participated  in that public outcry, saying that this is not our America-- criminalizing a flight from persecution, locking people up while they  await asylum hearings--  [[Page S6784]]  that is not our America and you must stop. The courts said the same  thing because it is actually illegal to lock up children for more than  20 days under the Flores consent agreement.   So President Trump sent a message. He sent an Executive order titled  ``Affording Congress an Opportunity to Address Family Separation.'' Oh,  how nice. The President is giving us an opportunity to address family  separation. And what did the President ask for in that Executive order?  He asked for us to pass a law to overrule the Flores consent agreement  and allow the administration to establish family internment camps.  Imagine--family internment camps here in the United States. That is  what the President was asking for, that is exactly what the House of  Representatives passed, and that is exactly what 35 Members of this  body have signed on to cosponsor--family internment camps in the United  States of America. That is absolutely wrong, it is absolutely  unacceptable, and it is absolutely unneeded.   You may say: Wait. You are saying that the children shouldn't be  separated from their parents and that you shouldn't lock up families  together, so what do you propose, Senator Merkley? What do you propose  that we do?   Well, the answer is, we had a very good program. It was called the  Family Case Management Program. This Family Case Management Program  said that when a family comes and is seeking asylum, they will be  placed into the community and they will have intensive case management  with somebody who speaks and writes their language, an individual who  is in continuous contact with them, who makes sure they know exactly  when their check-ins are and how to attend them and who knows exactly  when the court hearing is and how to get to those court hearings.   So I wondered, did this work? How well did this program work? It  turns out that there is an inspector general report from Homeland  Security that came out--I think the date was November 30, 2017. Here is  what the inspector general found: ``According to ICE, overall program  compliance for all five regions is an average of 99 percent for ICE  check-ins and appointments, as well as 100 percent attendance at court  hearings.'' So 100 percent--you can't get better than that. The Family  Case Management Program--the inspector general under this  administration said that there was 100 percent attendance at court  hearings. So if you hear a Member of the Senate say ``Well, we are  concerned about this catch-and-release because people don't show up for  their hearings,'' that is a lie. That is inaccurate.   That is inaccurate. If you hear the President saying, well, we are  going to lock families up if they don't appear for their court  hearings, that is inaccurate. That is a lie. The inspector general of  this administration found 100 percent attendance at court hearings.   Fortunately, Members of this body have come to their senses and  rejected the language from the House establishing internment camps,  expanding them, authorizing them. Fortunately, Members of the Senate  have come to their senses and abandoned their effort--for now, at  least--to establish permission, authorization, and funding for  internment camps, as well they should because it doesn't fit the vision  of America: a nation where most of us are the children of immigrants,  if not immigrants ourselves; a nation where in our family tree we have  individuals who fled persecution, religious persecution, who fled  famine, who fled conflict to be welcomed by the vision of the Statue of  Liberty.   The story, unfortunately, doesn't end here. The President has now  issued a draft regulation. That draft regulation says we in the  executive branch are granting ourselves the authority to establish  internment camps without permission or direction from Congress.   Are you kidding me? A lengthy regulation designed to authorize  themselves, without Congress acting, to establish family internment  camps is totally out of sync with the traditions of America, with the  values of America, or the law as it exists under the Flores consent  agreement.   Let me put this as simply as I can: Children belong in homes and  playgrounds and schools. They don't belong behind barbed wire. I will  fight as fiercely as I possibly can any proposal to put children behind  barbed wire as they wait their asylum hearing. It is wrong. It is  morally wrong. It is, from a policy perspective, totally unjustified,  as was child separation.   That is why I am introducing the No Internment Camps Act. Let us not  repeat the mistakes of World War II. This act ensures that no Federal  dollars will be used for the operation and construction of family  internment camps. It creates a 1-year phaseout of three family  detention centers currently in operation, and it saves money from the  family detention centers and transfers it to the Alternatives to  Detention Program in order to reestablish the Family Case Management  Program--the program that had a 100-percent success rate in getting  people to their hearings. Put money into programs that work, not into  prisons that afflict children.   There are many groups that have said how important this is and have  endorsed the no internment camps legislation: Japanese American  Citizens League, Human Rights Watch, Asian Americans Advancing Justice,  Women's Refugee Commission, the Anti-Defamation League, the Asian  Pacific American Network of Oregon, the American Immigration Lawyers  Association of Oregon, Human Rights First, the Leadership Conference on  Civil and Human Rights, Karen Korematsu, the daughter of Fred  Korematsu, the lead plaintiff in the Supreme Court case that challenged  Japanese internment camps in World War II.   Let us put an end to the prospect of the administration expanding on  its own, through Executive order, internment camps in the United  States. Let's do so by passing the No Internment Camps Act.   