 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the House Judiciary  Committee, the chairman and ranking member, for unanimously advancing  the Combat Online Predators Act for full consideration of the House  today. I am also very appreciative of the gentlewoman from Florida  (Mrs. Murphy) for her tireless, bipartisan leadership in protecting our  Nation's children.   This bipartisan legislation was inspired by the story of the Zezzo  family of Bucks County, Pennsylvania, whose teenage daughter, Madison,  was cyber stalked by a friend's father on social media. Despite the  stalking being sexual in nature, the then-51-year-old stalker pleaded  guilty only to a misdemeanor stalking charge and was sentenced to  probation and counseling. Three years later, in 2016, the very same  stalker began making contact again. This time he was arrested in a  sting operation by local police and sentenced to between 18 months and  7 years in State prison.   Mr. Speaker, the Zezzo family is here with us today. Their story is  the reason that this legislation was written and the reason it will get  a full floor vote in the U.S. House of Representatives today.   When I first met the Zezzo family in my office, their sense of fear  and anxiety was evident. After hearing of the disturbing story of cyber  stalking endured by this young girl and her family for years, it was  clear that something needed to be done. As legislators and as citizens,  we have no higher calling and no higher responsibility than to protect  our children.   We must do everything we can to forcefully respond to egregious  instances of stalking and cyber stalking, especially when committed  against minors. Our children are the most vulnerable among us.   Mr. Speaker, stories like this, unfortunately, are too common in this  country, and they do not always end with a stalker in custody. The  Combat Online Predators Act ensures that not only are we increasing  penalties for these crimes, but also requiring Federal law enforcement  officials to evaluate and update best practices to combat online  stalking and online bullying.   This bill provides enhanced criminal penalties for stalkers under  title 18 of the U.S. Code, giving judges more flexibility to impose  harsher punishments. Additionally, the Attorney General and the  Department of Justice will be required to produce an evaluation of  Federal, State, and local efforts to enforce laws relating to cyber  stalking and identify and describe elements of these law enforcement  efforts that constitute best practices around the Nation.   Cyber stalking is a serious crime that needs to be met with stricter  penalties and more cooperation amongst law enforcement agencies both on  the Federal, State, and local level.   The Combat Online Predators Act is the first step in making the  internet a safer environment for all users, especially our children.  This step cannot come soon enough as the National Center for Victims of  Crime stated in its endorsement of this legislation: ``In today's age  where children can be stalked both in person and online, we must ensure  that our laws provide real justice for our most vulnerable victims.''   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the Zezzo family and, in particular,  Madison Zezzo for sharing her story so that kids across this Nation can  be protected.   