 Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably  detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ``yea'' on rollcall  No. 234.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Shuster  and Graves, Ranking Member DeFazio, and also my other good friend, the  ranking member on the subcommittee, Mrs. Napolitano. I am proud to join  them to support this bill and to say that WRDA works.   In 2014, during my first term in Congress, we passed the first Water  Resource Development Act in 7 years. This bill made critical reforms to  add efficiencies to the Corps' process of studying and recommending  projects for authorization, and, importantly, it set us up to get WRDA  back on a 2-year cycle of authorizations. This bill represents the  continuation of that process.   Our bill authorizes a total of eight Army Corps of Engineers Chief's  Reports received since the last WRDA passed by us in 2016. All of these  Chief's Reports have been fully vetted by the committee at hearings  during this Congress and in an open and transparent process.   Now, I haven't shied away from my criticism of the Corps in the past.  I think that the Corps is good at building things, but actually getting  to construction is typically the most difficult part of the process.   One particular provision in this bill directs the National Academy of  Sciences to analyze the Corps' civil works functions and the potential  impacts of transferring those functions to another Federal agency. They  will be required to provide recommendations to us in Congress.   Mr. Chairman, it is truly clear that WRDA works. The authorizing  committee has diligently worked over the past three Congresses to get  us back on this 2-year cycle to ensure that we continue to improve  processes.   I would also be remiss, Mr. Chairman, if I didn't mention those  projects of national significance that have been authorized for many  years and yet have seen very little progress, including the Navigation  and Ecosystem Sustainability Program, or NESP. Authorized by Congress  in 2007, this critical project would expand seven locks on the Upper  Mississippi and Illinois Rivers to meet the demand for barges to  transport agricultural and other commodities to the global marketplace.  [[Page H4803]]    Unfortunately, because of incongruent priorities at the Corps in the  past and a reluctance from the Appropriations Committee, we have yet to  see this move forward.    Mr. Chairman, we can and must do better  to align our priorities with the Corps to ensure critical projects of  national significance don't languish after an initial authorization,  which is why, related to my earlier comments, I believe it is important  for Congress to understand the implications and potential efficiencies  of moving the Corps' mission to another Federal agency.     Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at  the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 2 minutes.   Mr. Chairman, addressing the issue of aquatic invasive species has  not always been one where all of the Great Lakes States have seen eye- to-eye on. However, this amendment reflects an agreement between myself  and my good friend, Mr. Mitchell, as well as our two States and our two  Governors.   First, this amendment clarifies that the operation and maintenance of  any project authorized subsequent to the Chief's Report for the Brandon  Road Study is done at an 80-20 Federal/nonFederal cost share. For  reference, O&M on the existing electrical barriers in place on the  Illinois River is at 100 percent Federal expense, as was authorized by  Congress. So with this language, we are making it clear that Illinois  wants to have some skin in the game on this project.   In addition my amendment requires the Corps, following the  construction of any project authorized subsequent to the Chief's Report  for the Brandon Road Study, to consult with the Governor of the State  where the project is located and seek congressional approval before  constructing any additional technologies at the project in the future.   Finally, as part of the compromise worked out with my colleagues from  Michigan and other Great Lakes States, my amendment directs the Corps  to expedite the completion of the Brandon Road Study, which we expect  to be completed by next February.   Now, let me be clear. It is no secret that the State of Illinois has  had concerns with this project and its potential impact on our economy.  The Illinois waterway is a critical artery for the movement of  agricultural goods and other products that support our region's  economy, and disruptions to commercial navigation could have negative  repercussions to our ability to get those goods to market.   In addition, my home State of Illinois has taken significant steps to  reduce the Asian carp population by using existing measures. In fact,  the Illinois Department of Natural Resources recently reported in 2012  the State has reduced the Asian carp population by 93 percent. Much of  this is due to the critical Great Lakes restoration initiative funding,  which I continue to proudly support.   Yet, in an offer of good faith, our Governor has submitted a letter  of intent for the State of Illinois to serve as the non-Federal  sponsor, and I look forward to working with my colleagues and urging  the support of this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Mitchell), my good friend and partner on  this amendment.    Mr. Chairman, again, I thank my good  friend, Mr. Mitchell. I would be remiss not to recognize my colleague  from Illinois (Mr. Lipinski), who was very supportive. His efforts were  very meaningful to this agreement.   Mr. Chairman, again, I hope that we can get this amendment accepted,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   