 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, when we passed the Wall Street Reform and  Consumer Protection Act, we did so in response to a financial crisis  that shook the foundations of our economy and devastated so many of our  hard-working constituents. For example, the Dow Jones dropped from an  average of 13,677.89 in July of 2007 to an average of 7,235.47 in March  of 2009, resulting in a 47.1 percent loss. Nationally, the unemployment  rate increased from 5 percent in January 2008 to 10 percent in October  2009, and in Rhode Island, the unemployment rate was even higher,  increasing from 6.2 percent in January 2008 to 11.9 percent in December  2009.   In short, we had to do something to respond and avoid another  financial crisis because behind each of these harrowing numbers were  our constituents and their families, who saw their life savings, their  jobs, and their homes evaporate in a flash. That something was the Wall  Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, also known as the Dodd-Frank  Act.   I am proud to have drafted and supported several of its provisions,  such as the creation of a consumer watchdog--the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau, the CFPB--whose primary focus has been on protecting  consumers from unscrupulous financial activities; my bipartisan  language calling for a dedicated Office of Servicemember Affairs at the  CFPB, which helps ensure that our servicemembers and their families are  protected in the consumer finance space in the same way these service  men and women protect us. That is now a part of the CFPB, and it has  done remarkable work protecting the men and women of our armed  services, who do remarkable work protecting us.   Also , I was able to provide an additional $1 billion in funding  through the Neighborhood Stabilization Program, which provided targeted  emergency assistance to help local communities acquire, redevelop, or  demolish foreclosed properties.   Frankly, in the wake of the crisis, every city and many rural areas  were seeing foreclosed properties sitting there, reminding us all of  the devastation. With these resources, they could be repurposed for  families to live in, or if they were decrepit, they could be demolished  for urban development and economic development in rural areas.   These are just a handful of the many good and worthwhile provisions  in the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, but, like any  other major piece of legislation, it was not perfect.   Years ago, the custom here was that we would come together and agree  on technical fixes to comprehensive legislation. It was almost  predictable that after we had a complex piece of legislation, we would  discover unintended consequences, and we would come together on a  bipartisan basis to fix those technical issues without having to  relitigate the entire bill.   Unfortunately, that moment to make needed fixes never happened, and  while the legislation before us today makes changes to the Wall Street  Reform and Consumer Protection Act, I am concerned that this  legislation may actually go too far and go beyond the needed technical  fixes. For example, I worry that this legislation may actually make it  tougher for community banks and credit unions to compete against the  larger financial institutions despite the regulatory relief provisions  in this bill for smaller financial institutions. This is because the  legislation encourages large financial institutions to grow even  larger--from $50 billion up to $250 billion. It does so, in part, by  removing some of the extra oversight provisions we put in place with  the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, such as making sure  large banks undergo strong and robust stress tests to ensure that they  have their own sufficient rainy day fund and that any type of problem  is not funded by taxpayer bailouts.    In addition, this legislation may further encourage larger financial  institutions to grow by increasing their competitive edge for the kinds  of businesses and customers currently served by community banks and  credit unions, which should be concerning to all who support our  smaller local financial institutions. Larger institutions can absorb  more costs than smaller institutions. They can have programs that cost  them a lot in the short run but drive out the competition in the medium  and long run. Because they can stretch costs over bigger institutions,  they can provide services that might be better provided or more  personally provided by smaller institutions, but these will be pushed  out of the marketplace. So the potential net result of this bill,  ironically, may make it more difficult for regulators to spot a threat  to financial stability from a larger bank while increasing competitive  pressures on community banks and credit unions.   To address some of these concerns, I have filed several amendments to  improve the bill and add needed protections for consumers. Let me  describe some of these amendments in greater detail.   One amendment seeks to prioritize regulatory relief for institutions  with a strong history of doing right by their customers. In the  legislation before us, Federal financial regulators are given the  discretion to provide regulatory relief to certain financial  institutions, and in so doing, to consider factors they deem  appropriate. My amendment simply directs the regulators, when  exercising this discretion, to also consider whether the financial  institution, in the preceding 24-month period, paid any Federal fines  or penalties and to consider whether there was any violation or  settlement related to an alleged violation of the Servicemembers Civil  Relief Act--the SCRA--or the Military Lending Act and if these  violations could have been avoided. Again, that is a strong emphasis on  protecting the men and women who protect us--our servicemembers. These  two pieces of legislation, the SCRA--the Servicemembers Civil Relief  Act--and the Military Lending Act, are the strongest protections our  servicemen and women have against financial abuse by institutions.   In short, how well an institution serves its customers, including our  servicemembers, should help determine whether certain financial  institutions deserve the regulatory relief provided under the bill.   On a very strong bipartisan basis, I hope we can adopt this  amendment. It just seems so clear to me that when we are giving relief,  we should give it to those who have earned it--those institutions that  have treated our service men and women well and have treated their  customers well.   Another amendment I filed would empower the CFPB and its Office of  Servicemember Affairs to enforce existing SCRA safeguards--the  Servicemembers Civil Relief Act safeguards--such as those that protect  our servicemembers from being overcharged. This amendment is needed  because, despite the importance of the SCRA's protections to our  servicemembers, enforcement of this critical law has been inconsistent  and subject to the discretion  [[Page S1410]]  of our financial regulators, which can change with each Administration.   According to a July 2012 report from the Government Accountability  Office, the estimated percentage of depository institutions that  serviced mortgages that were examined for SCRA compliance varied  widely, ranging from rates of 4 percent in 2007, 17 percent in 2008, 18  percent in 2009, 26 percent in 2010, and then dropping down to 15  percent in 2011. You can see that sort of tracked with the financial  crisis, where at a point after 2007 and 2008, the regulators understood  the threats that were being posed to service men and women in terms of  their mortgage obligations. But that seems to be fading. We can't lose  focus on protecting the men and women who serve us.   As someone who has had the experience and privilege of leading  soldiers as an executive officer of a paratrooper company, I spent a  lot of time trying to explain to people who were trying to collect from  men and women in uniform that they couldn't because the law had set  certain interest rates that they exceeded and that they couldn't  because they were violating--back then it was called the Soldiers' and  Sailors' Civil Relief Act. We need an agency of the government, not  individual members of the Armed Forces, to protect these men and women.  I think that is what we are trying to do with this legislation.   Simply put, prioritizing the consumer protection of our service men  and women should not be discretionary; it should be mandatory. This  amendment ensures that the SCRA enforcement will be permanently a  priority of the CFPB and the Office of Servicemember Affairs. It is  supported by more than 30 organizations, including the National  Military Family Association, Military Officers Association of America,  Veterans Education Success, Student Veterans of America, and the  Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States.   We also need to do more to protect student loan borrowers. There is a  growing private market to refinance student loans, including Federal  student loans. I filed an amendment to require lenders to disclose the  benefits that borrowers might forfeit, such as income-driven repayment  plans, loan forgiveness, and deferment options, when they refinance a  Federal loan into a private loan.    I have also filed an amendment to clarify that the Education Loan  Ombudsman at the CFPB should monitor and report student loan complaints  for all education loans, including Federal student loans.   Additionally, I support Senator Durbin's amendment to strengthen  student loan servicing and protections for private student loan  borrowers and to provide greater transparency and accountability for  campus-based banking products beyond just credit cards. We have all  read about the many abuses that have taken place, and we owe it to  consumers everywhere to ensure that these abuses are detected and  prevented.   Continuing this focus on consumer protections, another of my  amendments responds to the difficulties that Rhode Islanders face when  trying to secure a loan modification by taking greater advantage of  bank branches. If you are able to walk into a bank branch and get a  mortgage, then you should also be able to walk into the same branch and  get help to avoid preventable foreclosures. What we found in the crisis  was that often this was not the case. They could get a loan at the  branch, but if they needed any type of assistance, they had to call a  servicer or go someplace else. My amendment, which is supported by the  National Consumer Law Center and the National Association of REALTORS,  establishes a pilot program to see whether this would be feasible-- whether we could get bank branches not only to make loans but also to  help borrowers when they come into difficult circumstances.   I have also filed an amendment that would direct GAO to conduct a  retrospective study of the impact of the provisions of this legislation  on economic growth and consumer protection. Specifically, my amendment  asks GAO to evaluate the bill's impact on non-managerial wages, senior  executive pay, stock buybacks, the interest paid on savings or money  market accounts, jobs being moved abroad, foreclosure rates, and  enforcement actions.   In so doing, we will be able to determine whether the legislation  actually delivers on the claims by its sponsors of economic growth and  consumer protection. I think we always have to go back and check our  work, and this provision would allow us, in a formal and systematic  way, to check our work. I hope we can do that.   Finally, I have filed an amendment supported by the former Federal  Reserve Chairman, Paul Volcker, to retain and strengthen the Federal  Reserve's emergency safety and soundness powers. To quote Chairman  Volcker: ``It's clear that circumstances can arise where the activities  of some banks with less than $250 billion in assets would pose a grave  threat to financial stability. To address such a threat, regulators  have certain tools in their arsenal that we wish they will never have  to use. Senator Reed's amendment wisely restores and strengthens one  such tool, allowing it to be deployed under limited circumstances and  only upon approval of a supermajority of the [Financial Stability  Oversight] Council.''   Surely, at the very least, we should agree to preserve and strengthen  the ability of our financial regulators to avoid grave threats and  another financial crisis.   Before I conclude, I would like to make one further observation. Ten  years ago today, few of us knew ahead of time that we would see an  economy that would collapse into depths that we did not anticipate,  that our Nation would literally recoil due to the recklessness and  unchecked greed of too many on Wall Street. We should not forget that,  nationally, over 8.6 million jobs were lost between January 2008 and  January 2010, with over 33,000 jobs lost in Rhode Island alone. If  anything, the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act was a  sensible and long overdue response to the reality that people are  nowhere near perfect and cannot always be trusted to do the right  thing.   We learned in the hardest and most painful ways that certain  safeguards are necessary. Unfortunately, the bill before us today  removes some of those safeguards. Absent any serious changes made to  the bill during this week's debate and for all the reasons I have  stated, I cannot support it.   I yield the floor.   