 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is hard to find the words that will  truly reflect what an abomination the campaign finance system in  America has become. The fact is, the only people who seem happy with  the current state of campaign finance are billionaires who have phones  full of contact information of the most powerful people in the land.  Otherwise, if you are a typical American--putting in a hard day's work,  supporting your family--you probably have the sense the campaign  finance laws are rigged for the big and the powerful.   There was an era when running for office was as simple as putting  your name out for the public, getting a few local civic groups in your  corner, and bringing in a few modest donations to get your campaign off  the ground. Certainly, it is not that way anymore. It has now been well  chronicled how a wave of money--particularly from a few secretive  powerful individuals like the Koch brothers--has flooded American  politics in the last few decades. That has grown exponentially in the  years since the Citizens United decision. The fact is, there has been a  tidal wave of dark money buying influence across America's political  system.   This isn't just about too many political ads on television and radio.  Voters know that unless they unplug entirely and settle for a life out  in the woods, they are going to see a lot of ads. Even beyond ads in  the election season, there is this deluge of money buying the support  of beltway think tanks, currying favor among lobbyists, funding so- called social welfare organizations that, frankly, aren't doing a whole  lot of social welfare.   The bottom line is, for those like the Koch brothers, having deep  pockets means you can buy the right to grab hold of the levers of power  of the American Government. You can create a whole lot of noise that  virtually drowns out the constituents back home.   I am heading home tomorrow. I have about nine townhall meetings  scheduled in rural communities. They are always amazed that we are  having those kinds of discussions--my colleague Senator Merkley does  them as well--because it seems that in most of the country, everything  that resembles the government we know so well, direct contact, open to  all town meetings, is getting drowned out by a deluge of dollars that  creates all of this noise--fake noise, to use the language of the  times--that drives out real discussion about substantive issues.   I am going to talk about an example, one that has certainly generated  some real concern over the last few months. If you want to see what is  wrong with the election system, in my view, you don't have to look much  further than some of the letters I have exchanged recently with the  National Rifle Association. A few months ago, there were news reports  of a potential financial relationship between a Russian oligarch close  to Vladimir Putin and the NRA. The big question was whether the Russian  money had been funneled into the NRA to assist the Trump campaign and  influence the outcome of the election. In my view, I would say that is  a question that most right-minded Americans would like to have  answered.   I am the ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee, where we  have jurisdiction over the Federal Tax Code. That includes the rules  that pertain to political groups and tax-exempt 501(c)(4) organizations  like the ones that are maintained by the NRA. I began in a series of  letters that were sent to the organization, sent to the NRA, to ask  questions about their foreign funding. The series of shifting answers I  got in return from the NRA was enough to give you whiplash. First, when  we inquired--because we had seen all of these news reports--they said:  ``Nothing to see here.''   Then, as we followed up and found that a little hard to square with  these public news reports, they said: ``Well . . . we get foreign  funding, but just from that ONE Russian, and that's it.''   Then, we heard another version of what was going on at the NRA. They  said it was a couple of dozen Russians giving money to the NRA. We  continued to follow up, and they told the press and they told me: Hey,  we are done with the Congress. We are not interested in answering any  more questions. We are busy. We have other things to do.   That pretty much sums up the problem we have heard described on the  floor this week with the campaign finance system. The information  Americans have access to in campaign finance reports is just the tip of  the iceberg, just the beginning of unpacking this whole question of  where the money comes from in our political system. Everything under  the waterline is where it gets seedy, but powerful interests have  managed to figure out how to keep their handiwork hidden. The powerful  use shell companies to mask the identities of who is funding campaigns  and so-called independent expenditures. Even simple questions asked of  these powerful groups influencing campaigns--questions like, ``Do you  get money from overseas,'' the Congress and the American people cannot  get a straight answer.   There are Members who want to see real changes made to bring some  sunlight into this system. They see how important this is, giving the  onslaught of attacks on the campaign finance laws that are coming from  the Supreme Court. These attacks are one major reason why I have  cosponsored legislation to create a constitutional amendment allowing  Congress and the States to regulate and restore faith in our campaign  finance system.   With respect to this approach, I didn't arrive at this judgment  casually. Constitutional amendments, in my view, ought to be reserved  for those situations when the delicate balance set up by the Founding  Fathers has been upset or, in this case, jurisprudence that governs the  system has also changed. That is the situation and the challenge our  country faces today.   I know several Members of this body have put policy ideas forward.  Many of them, in my view, have real merit. Virtually all of them, in my  view, would be an improvement on this rotten abomination of a campaign  finance system that exists today. Virtually every day folks back home  get inundated with the smarmy political ads sponsored by groups that  have these names that are just nonsense--names like the ``American  Association for American Values in America.'' There is one after  another. I will hear about what citizens think about this during those  nine townhall meetings that I am going to be having over the next few  days at home. Citizens often say it is really good to have our elected  officials do this. Sometimes they would kid me that we have more cows  than we have voters.    Still, we are here to have this conversation because that is what I  think the American political system ought to be about--direct  communication, an ongoing discussion with voters, our actually being  there, having the people we have the honor to represent be able to look  us in the eye, to ask questions, and say: We want to hear your thoughts  because we believe that is how we can hold you accountable. The flip  side of that judgment is that they don't think they can do it with the  campaign finance system I have described today.   All of this is fed by these reports about lawmakers who march up to  Koch Industries in order to plead for support for one proposal or  another. When people read these articles, they say that it sure feels  like that is what the political system has become all about. It is why  I have done even more open-to-all town meetings. It is one way that I  can show, at least on our watch, that that is what we are doing to  counter the fact that a handful of  [[Page S2428]]  the most powerful, like the Koch family, can generate a  disproportionally loud voice in our system of government.   The fact is the campaign finance system is broken, and it is long  past the time to have fixed it. I have appreciated my colleagues'  coming to the floor this week to speak out on it.   I believe, as has been written, that this series of letters that I  have exchanged with the NRA, just over the last few months, is a  textbook case of how broken the campaign finance system is--what  happens when powerful organizations and individuals like the Koch  family can have a disproportionally large voice in the political  system.   I think the Senate ought to get about the business of fixing this  system and ending the current way in which political campaigns are  financed, which, as I said when I began my remarks, is such an  abomination that it doesn't pass the smell test.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   