 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, first let me welcome everybody back from  Thanksgiving, which I hope was a joyous one for everyone here today.   On a subject not so joyous, the majority leader has indicated that  the Senate will move to the pending nomination of Thomas Farr to the  Eastern District of North Carolina. I have been in the Senate long  enough to see a whole bunch of questionable nominees, frankly, from  both parties, but Thomas Farr is unquestionably one of the worst. It is  hard to believe President Trump nominated him. It is even harder to  believe Senate Republicans are considering him again.   This is a man who stands for disenfranchisement of voters,  particularly minority voters. That is what he stands for. You can try  to parse it any way you want, but that is what he has done. That is not  America.   In addition, he has spent his long legal career working against the  rights of unions, but he has demonstrated to be a dyed-in-the-wool  partisan with particular hostility to voting rights. We all know North  Carolina has done more to hurt voting rights than just about any other  State. That is an ignominious title for a State that is trying to be  more progressive and forward-looking. We all know that.   We also know Justice Roberts will go down in history as one of those  who worked to take away voting rights when he authored the Shelby  decision and more or less stated that he didn't believe discrimination  existed any longer so we wouldn't need section 5 of the Voting Rights  Act. That allowed people like Mr. Farr and those in North Carolina to  do a wholesale taking away of voting rights, particularly those of  minorities.   After challenging multiple congressional maps drawn by North  Carolina's Democrats, Farr vigorously defended the congressional maps  drawn by North Carolina's Republicans. Even this conservative Supreme  Court, often so insensitive to the voting fairness and rights of  minorities--the Supreme Court actually overturned this map for  discrimination--not partisanship, discrimination.   Farr defended North Carolina's restrictive voting laws. The law,  passed by a very conservative Republican legislature, requested data on  the use by race of a number of voting practices. After receiving the  data, North Carolina Republicans made five changes to voting and  registration, every one of which disproportionately hurt the voting  ability of African Americans. Under the law, even citizens who showed  government employee IDs, student IDs, or IDs used to receive public  assistance were not allowed to vote.   Here is what the Fourth Circuit said--again, not a liberal court  circuit. It said: The law had ``discriminatory intent'' and ``targeted  African Americans with almost surgical precision.'' Farr, as he  defended this law, said it was a minor inconvenience for voters. This  is despicable. That law is particularly designed to prevent African  Americans from voting, and we are nominating such a man to the court of  appeals, when he was chief cook and bottle washer for much of the time  these laws came about. I don't care what your party is, and I don't  care what your political ideology is. How can you elevate this man to  the court?   Remarkably, Mr. Farr was involved in another sordid affair regarding  the voting rights of African Americans. In 1990, Farr was a lawyer for  the reelection campaign of Jesse Helms, during which the Department of  Justice alleged that 120,000 postcards had been sent overwhelmingly to  Black voters, intending to intimidate them from voting. Isn't that  amazing? That man is the man we are elevating.   I believe the Republican Party is going to have huge trouble in the  future and will shrug its shoulders or say: Oh, this is political  correctness. No, it isn't. It is because they tolerate things just like  this--not all but too many. Right now, we only have one person on the  other side of the aisle who has said he will vote against Farr. I don't  care what the marching orders are, they are wrong.   Here, in response to a question from Ranking Member Feinstein, Farr  denied that he had participated in any meetings in which the postcards  were discussed before they were sent. However, the Deputy Chief of the  Voting Section of the Department of Justice's Civil Rights Division  said Farr's response was contrary to the facts. In effect, that DOJ  person was saying Farr did participate. We don't know the exact  circumstances of the mail, but at a minimum, it is disturbing that Farr  was involved, often directly, in defending multiple attempts by North  Carolina Republicans to disenfranchise African-American voters.   As the Congressional Black Caucus said, ``Had the White House  deliberately sought to identify an attorney in North Carolina with a  more hostile record on African-American voting rights . . . than Thomas  Farr, it could hardly have done so.'' It is well said.   I don't care if you are a Republican; I don't care if you are a  Democrat or something in between, we should not elevate a person to the  Federal bench who has spent a good part of his career defending those  who want to undermine the rights of Americans to vote.   Let's look at the circumstances of this nomination. You know, Mitch  McConnell brags as to how many seats he has filled. These seats were  held  [[Page S7076]]  back because we respected the blue slips when we were in the majority,  and there were a lot of empty seats. Well, this one is the longest  running judicial vacancy in the United States.   Why, you might ask, has the seat remained open for so long?   Republican Senators blocked two Obama nominees, both of whom were  African-American women. Let me say that again. Republican Senators from  North Carolina--they may not have been, but they were in the circuit-- blocked two Obama nominees, both of whom were African-American women.  Yet now we put this man in that place--all because Leader McConnell and  Chairman Grassley changed the rules and eliminated the last bit of  comity by eliminating the blue slip? Either of those women would have  been the first African American ever--not just the first African  American woman but the first African American ever--to serve in that  judicial district, when the population of that district was 27 percent  African American. Two women were knocked out by Republican Senators  under the tradition of the blue slip--both African American--in a  district that was 27 percent African American.   They are not on the bench, and we are nominating this man who has  stood steadfastly against the right of people--in this case, Black  people--to vote. That is despicable. Considering Farr's record on  voting rights--on the disenfranchisement of African-American voters, in  particular--his nomination to the Eastern District vacancy is not just  a dash of salt in the wound, it is the whole shaker.   I plead with my Republican colleagues. After an election in which  voting rights and voting suppression were major issues in States like  Georgia and Florida and at a time when our President always says  elections are fixed and that Americans should have faith in the  wellspring of our democracy--the right to vote and to have votes  counted and correctly tabulated in a fair way--what message does the  Senate send if it approves Farr's nomination?   This is our democracy. For the first time in the history of America,  nasty creatures are gnawing at its roots. The tree could fall down. I  hope it will not. It is a strong tree, but it could fall down, and it  will be aided and abetted by those who put people like Mr. Farr on the  bench. I vociferously oppose his nomination, and I urge my colleagues  to do the same.   