 Mr. Speaker, once again, I rise because I love  my country. I am proud to say that I am an American.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today because I believe that, when democracy is  at risk and the Republic is on the line, you have to take a stand.   I rise today because to be silent could be concluded as being  acquiescent. To be silent can be said to be complicit. To be silent,  according to Dr. King, at some point can be said to be seen as  betrayal.   I rise because I love my country. Because I love my country, I will  not allow myself to be driven by polls. I thank God that the great  freedom fighters, the great wrong-righters were not driven by polls. If  Dr. King, Rosa Parks, the great freedom fighters, had been driven by  polls, I wouldn't be standing here today.   They drove the polls. They didn't adjust to the polls. They had the  polls, the people who gave their thoughts, to adjust to righteousness.   So I rise today to speak truth to power, not driven by polls, not  driven by political expediency. I rise today to let the world know that  our country is better than what we saw in Helsinki.    I rise today to say to my colleagues: We have to act. Yes, we can  talk about all of the atrocities imposed upon our society by this  President, but that is not enough. At some point, we have to act, and  more and more people are starting to say what that action is. More and  more of the people who present the news and give commentary are  starting to say what that action is.   It is unfortunate that we haven't gotten to the point where we are  going to act not withstanding the polls, we are going to act  notwithstanding political expediency, we are going to act because there  is a moral imperative to remove a President from office who puts  democracy at risk and the Republic on the line.   There is a moral imperative for us to take a stand. And we can do all  of the things that can lead up to what the Framers of the Constitution  afforded us. We can do many things, but Article II, section 4 of the  Constitution was created for a time such as this and a President such  as Trump.   Mr. Speaker, there is a solution to a President who puts himself  above his country. The Framers of the Constitution knew that we would  have this moment in time, and they gave us the solution. We but only  have to have the courage, the intestinal fortitude, to stand up for our  country and impeach this President.   The time has come. No more political expediency. No more driven by  the polls. Stand for our country on a moral imperative.   