 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1917, the so- called ``Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act of  2017.''   This is the first in a series of dirty air proposals on the floor  this week. The BRICK Act is part of the ongoing effort by Republicans  to undermine the commonsense protections found in the Clean Air Act, in  order to give special breaks to polluters at the expense of public  health.   We have seen this bill before. Last Congress we debated and voted on  the BRICK Act: I opposed it then, and I oppose it now. Frankly, I have  even more concerns with this legislation than I did in 2016.   That is because the BRICK Act was amended by the Rules Committee to  include two separate attacks on clean air safeguards. Like previous  versions, this version before us today would indefinitely delay  standards to reduce toxic air pollution from brick and clay  manufacturers. However, it now also incorporates a separate bill that  would delay long-overdue pollution standards for new wood fired  heaters. The only thing these bills really have in common is that they  both undermine Clean Air Act protections and endanger the health of our  children.   Regarding the treatment of brick and clay manufacturing facilities,  the bill automatically delays implementation of EPA's final Brick and  Clay rule by extending all deadlines . . . by however long it takes to  complete all possible litigation. This blanket extension would be given  to all facilities covered by the final rule, without regard for the  merits of the legal challenges or their final outcome.   But that is not Congress' job. The courts already have the ability to  issue a ``stay'' of any compliance dates in a final rule. Delaying a  rule for legitimate reasons does not require action by Congress, but a  legislative quick fix is the only remedy the proponents of this bill  appear to care about.   By throwing out the existing judicial process, Republicans are giving  polluters an incentive to ``run the clock'' on frivolous litigation, to  put off ever controlling their pollution.   This is especially problematic because Administrator Pruitt has  announced plans to reconsider the Brick and Clay rule, which is  expected to be finalized in 2019. At that point, the pollution control  standards for brick and clay facilities will be almost two decades  overdue, and this bill would delay those protections even longer.   The new wood heater provision is not much better. The bill delays  EPA's pollution standards for new wood-fueled heaters that have not  been updated in nearly 30 years. The final rule included a gradual,  five-year phase in to allow manufacturers time to adapt and develop  cleaner and more efficient technologies, and the phase 2 requirements  don't kick in until 2020.   These newer appliances are a win for consumers. The 2020-compliant  products are both cleaner and more efficient, generating more heat per  unit of wood burned and making them less expensive to operate.   But, with this provision, Republicans are picking winners and losers.  They are rewarding companies that refused to clean up their dirty and  inefficient products, while punishing innovative companies that  invested in developing cleaner and more efficient technologies for wood  heaters.   Ultimately, the BRICK Act is really more about transferring burdens  than relieving them. This so-called ``relief'' from regulation comes at  the expense of our children's health. Moreover, it doesn't reduce  costs; it merely transfers them from favored businesses to the general  public who will pay for more doctor visits and lost work or school days  as a result.   My Republican colleagues repeatedly claim they support clean air, and  yet, they continually put forward bill after bill designed to delay,  weaken, or repeal safeguards that protect public health by cleaning up  the air. Passing this bill allows dirty products to remain in operation  for decades into the future, resulting in tons of additional pollution,  and putting the health of our children and future generations at risk.   Exempting businesses from clean air rules leads to more air  pollution. It is that simple. We all want small businesses to thrive,  and the history of the Clean Air Act demonstrates clearly that we can  grow the economy while cleaning up the air and improving public health.   Congress should not be selling out the health and safety of American  children. But that is just what a YES vote on the BRICK Act would do.  [[Page H1464]]    I urge all my colleagues to join me in opposing this dirty air bill.   