 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment  that seeks to eliminate the Ironwood Forest National Monument, which is  in my district. The fact that it is in my district is secondary to the  callous disregard to the public input, the wishes of the people of  southern Arizona, the history of the area, and the biodiversity that  this amendment attacks.    This amendment effectively repeals the monument, returning the lands  back to multiple-use status, and opening them up for unfettered mining  and other harmful activities.   The sponsor of the legislation says that it is necessary to restore  access for recreational shooting and to generate revenue for local  schools, which I understand is a nod to the potential revenue garnered  from future mining operations that he envisions will pop up once the  monument is eliminated. He speaks for the mining industry, not  Arizonans, and certainly not my constituents.   A recent poll found that 73 percent of the people of Arizona oppose  eliminating protections for national monuments. Arizonans don't want  mining in their monuments, but that doesn't seem to matter to the  sponsor of this amendment, who will seemingly do whatever it takes to  roll back public lands protections.   I also take issue with the sponsor of the amendment's notion that  this amendment is about protecting access for recreational shooting.  When the monument was established, recreational shooting was allowed,  as it is on a large percentage of public lands. Unfortunately, some bad  actors forced local land managers to rethink access for the entire  shooting community. People were shooting up endangered cacti, leaving  bullet hole-ridden sofas and other trash throughout the desert. Those  were used as targets.   One of the great things about living in Tucson and southern Arizona  is that we are surrounded by public lands. Our protected desert  landscapes support wildlife and an abundant biodiversity to a wide  range of recreational activities.   Unfortunately, this amendment views these rare landscapes as  commodities, only available for extraction of resources and nothing  more. It is kind of a corporate radar approach and mentality to our  shared public assets and lands: use them, abuse them, discard them, and  see how much we can make out of them, in terms of money.   The spirit of conservation and preservation is very important to the  people of southern Arizona, and this is one of our special places. This  amendment is an attack on the people, its history, and our traditions  in southern Arizona. This amendment is an attack on the Antiquities  Act, and this amendment is an attack on our public lands.   This monument was created in the year 2000 by President Clinton after  the Pima County Board of Supervisors, the elected officials for the  county, petitioned for it; the Tohono O'odham Nation petitioned for it;  the people of southern Arizona petitioned for it; and that monument was  created.  [[Page H6521]]    The vice chairman of the Tohono O'odham Nation, Mr. Verlon Jose,  said, today: ``The Tohono O'odham have lived in this region since time  immemorial, and the Ironwood Forest National Monument has tremendous  cultural and historical importance. More than 200 important  archeological sites with remains from our ancestors are within the  monument, including two areas listed on the National Register of  Historic Places. We must oppose misguided efforts to withhold funding  from Ironwood, as it would have a devastating effect on efforts to  protect this national treasure.''   Mr. Chairman, the issue here today is about trying to relive and undo  a decision that was made with public participation, public input, the  support of local elected officials, the support of affected Tribes, and  do it for the specific interests of a mining company that feels they  have a right, even though it is a foreign-owned company, to come in on  our public lands, withdraw minerals, pay no royalties, and exploit the  area.   The Ironwood Forest National Monument is a landscape treasure. It is  a rare treasure, and it needs to be maintained. I urge a ``no'' vote on  this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   