 Mr. President, I join my colleagues on the floor, and I  salute both Senator Nelson and Senator Blumenthal, who represent  [[Page S5471]]  States whose citizens have felt the scourge of gun violence--in  Newtown, in Parkland, and in the Pulse nightclub. I don't know how many  more Parklands we need, but I certainly know that my colleague from  Utah, who only read a part about what alarms him--that it shall not be  possible to publish what? To publish the information to create a gun--a  gun that is undetectable and untraceable.   Why are we spending billions to secure ourselves as we go through the  airports of our country? We saw it after September 11. Now we are going  to undermine all of those billions and all of that security by allowing  anyone here or in the world to get access to the IP address. You  download it, and all of a sudden, you can create a three-dimensional  plastic gun that is as deadly as any other gun.   What draws us to the floor to ask the unusual effort of unanimous  consent to ultimately bring this legislation to the floor is the  failure of the administration to not allow this to happen in the first  place. We won't need legislation if the President turns back the  decisions of his Secretary of State and others in his administration  and says: Wait. This is not in our national security interests. It is  not in the national interests of the United States to allow our  citizens to be exposed to an undetectable, untraceable gun that is as  deadly as any other. It is not in the national interests and security  interests of the United States to have our soldiers halfway around the  world face terrorists who have access to a new design that will be  cheaper for them and at the end of the day will allow them to attack  our soldiers.   It is unconscionable. But since the administration, if anything, has  acted the opposite way, we come to the floor. If the government has any  specific role that rises above all others, it is to protect its  citizens. That is what we are trying to do here. It should be a  bipartisan request.   What is so difficult about the legislation? Nothing much. One of the  two pieces of legislation simply says that you cannot permit an IP  address to be published on the internet because, globally, anybody can  get that, download it, and create a gun. That is the simple part of it.  The other one is that any gun has to be traceable and identifiable and  therefore has to have a number on it.   Even when our colleagues who are the most ardent advocates of the  Second Amendment say they want to keep guns out of the hands of  criminals--well, how do you keep a gun out of the hands of criminals  when it isn't detectable and isn't traceable? It is pretty amazing. I  have been in the Congress 26 years between the House and the Senate,  and it is one of the most amazing moments for me.   Look, this country has a gun violence problem. It has a mass-shooting  problem. But a do-it-yourself, downloadable gun will supercharge this  crisis, leading to more senseless tragedies. It is already too easy for  criminals, extremists, and terrorists to get their hands on a gun. Now  we are going to add a new concern: terrorists packing the plans for  new, plastic, printable firearms. I don't care if a gun is made out of  metal or plastic--if it can fire a bullet and take someone's life, then  it should be regulated.   It is beyond irresponsible for the Trump administration to roll over  and allow a self-described anarchist to post directions for do-it- yourself guns on a website available to anyone with an internet  connection. That is what we are saying. Already, according to some news  reports, the blueprints for an AR-15--the weapon used in the massacre  at Parkland--were downloaded more than 2,500 times. That is 2,500  unknown individuals in an unregulated space.   As the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I  was appalled to find out that the State Department carried this out  without notifying Congress. Last Wednesday, Secretary of State Mike  Pompeo was before our committee, and he looked us in the eye and said  that he was unaware of the issue and that he would look into it. That  was on Wednesday. On Friday, the State Department had suspended arms  export regulations specifically to allow these 3D gun blueprints to be  posted on the internet--so much for looking into it.   This is a case that was proceeding through the courts where the  government had won at every round. In this morning's tweet, the  President made it pretty clear that instead of listening to the  concerns of the American people when he has a gun question--which I  would submit is not even a gun question; it is a national security  question--he listens to the NRA.   The NRA may be concerned in this particular case. Why? Because  plastic guns don't get built by the gun manufacturers and dealers that  they represent and that fund their causes.   The posting of a 3D gun shows just how dangerous the Trump  administration's regulatory effort to loosen export controls on  firearms--including assault-style rifles and even sniper rifles-- actually is to the safety of Americans at home, abroad, and innocent  civilians across the globe.   All you have to do is go to this company's website to see it for  yourself. They are proclaiming that ``the era of the downloadable gun''  is here. That is what they say on the website. ``The era of the  downloadable gun'' is here. Well, we should make sure that era doesn't  happen.   These are two simple but powerful commonsense pieces of legislation  that can protect us. I call upon the President to stop it dead in its  tracks so we don't have to wait for the legislation, but if not, we  call upon this institution to protect the American people.   I hope my colleagues will consider coming back later in the day and  making another unanimous consent request so that we can actually  protect the American people against the ability of anyone--anyone--with  a 3D printer to create a gun that can kill a human being and ultimately  defy all of our security procedures at airports and elsewhere. And it  lets any terrorist in the world who wishes us harm to manufacture it in  quantity. That is pretty outrageous. That is what we are talking about.  I hope the administration will see the light and change their course.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   