 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Music  Modernization Act. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill.   I am proud to come from the great State of Rhode Island, the State  that sent the great Senator Claiborne Pell to Washington. It was  Senator Pell who authored the bill that established the National  Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities.   Senator Pell knew that the greatness of our Nation is not only  defined by the strength of our military or the value of our GDP, but by  our ability to promote and protect our culture and history through the  arts and humanities.   In keeping with that tradition today, Congress moves to make sure  that artists and their creations are protected under the Music  Modernization Act. Music has always been a part of our culture and  history. The power of music has brought people together in moments of  celebration and soothed people in difficult times. Music transcends  political, ethnic, and religious boundaries.   The Music Modernization Act is the culmination of years of debate and  negotiation with various stakeholders. We held dozens of hearings and  heard from artists, producers, and industry experts to develop a  solution that reflects the changing landscape of how people consume  music and ensures creators are fairly compensated.   From the start, we were committed to making sure this bill was  bipartisan and a compromise that everyone could support. Within the  music community, this legislation brought together an unprecedented  coalition of music publishers, record labels, songwriters, composers,  artists, and performance rights organizations.   The result was a bill that is meant for the digital age and  recognizes the contributions that many people are involved in during  the creation of a song. For the first time, this bill will set up a  collective that can give out blanket mechanical licenses to streaming  services and ensure proper payments to songwriters and publishers.   Importantly, this bill also ensures compensation for pre-1972 artists  who have been left out of the Federal copyright system for far too  long. It also provides a clearer process for engineers, mixers, and  producers to collect royalties.   It has been a privilege to be a part of this historic moment. I urge  all of my colleagues to support the Music Modernization Act, and I want  to thank Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Collins, Mr. Deutch, Chairman Goodlatte, and  Ranking Member Nadler for their extraordinary leadership in  accomplishing what is not only significant for our committee but  significant for our ability to hear and appreciate and continue to  nurture our souls with the beauty of music.   