 Mr. President, Trump derangement syndrome has officially  come to the Senate. The hatred for the President is so intense that  partisans would rather risk war than give diplomacy a chance. Does  anybody remember that Ronald Reagan sat down with Gorbachev and that we  lessened the nuclear tensions? We need to still have those openings.   Nobody is excusing Russia's meddling in our elections. Absolutely we  should protect the integrity of our elections. But simply bringing the  hatred of the President to the Senate floor in order to say ``We are  done with diplomacy. We are going to add more and more sanctions''--you  know what. I would rather that we still have open channels of  discussion with the Russians. At the height of the Cold War, Kennedy  had a direct line to Khrushchev, and it may have prevented the end of  the world.   Should we be so crazy about partisanship that we now say ``We don't  want to talk to the Russians. We are not going to have relations with  the Russians''? We should stand firm and say ``Stay the hell out of our  elections,'' but we should not stick our head in the ground and say we  are not going to talk to them.   I would like to see the Russians leave Ukraine. I think we could do  it through diplomacy. We are not going to have it if we don't talk to  them.   I would like to see the Russians help more with North Korea, with  denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. We are not going to have it  if we just simply heap more sanctions on and say that we are not going  to talk to the Russians and that anybody who talks to the Russians is  committing treason.   For goodness' sake, we have the former head of the CIA, John Brennan,  gallivanting across TV--now being paid for his opinion--to call the  President treasonous. This has to stop. This is crazy hatred of the  President. Crazy partisanship is driving this.   For goodness' sake, we don't excuse Russia's behavior in our  election, but we don't have to have war. We can still have engagement.  We have engaged Russia throughout 70 years, while also acknowledging  the imperfections of their system, the parts of their system we  vehemently disagree with--the lack of freedom, the lack of human  rights. Yet we had open channels of negotiation, open channels of  communication.   I could not object more strongly to this.   Mr. President, I object.   