 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague Mr. Gaetz  for this special hour to shine a light on this issue, on the Federal  Government's overreach and unjust treatment of legally operating  businesses all across our country.   Businesses that operate legally and in compliance with their State's  laws and regulations deserve a Federal Government that respects the  10th Amendment of the Constitution.   Like my colleagues, I have been disappointed that, when it comes to  the treatment of these legal marijuana businesses, the current  administration, which supposedly respects the federalist model of our  government, continues to take such drastic steps to ignore States'  rights and the decisions of voters and State legislatures across the  country.   In the 2016 elections, over 70 percent of Florida citizens voted to  legalize the use of medical marijuana. The two counties that make up my  own congressional district in south Florida, Monroe and Miami-Dade,  voted in favor of the measure 80.3 percent and 68.3 percent,  respectively. The voices and the votes of my constituents, Mr. Speaker,  matter.   The 10th Amendment of the Constitution matters, and for those who  like to call themselves constitutionalists, the entire Constitution has  to matter, not just the parts that are convenient at a given time.   In addition to the witch hunt opened up by the Attorney General's  actions last week, current Federal law also prohibits these businesses  from deducting the common expenses associated with running a small  business when they file their taxes, expenses necessary to running a  business like rent, most utilities, and payroll. Simply put, this rule  places legitimate enterprises which have been established under State  law at a major competitive disadvantage where legal employers are  paying exorbitantly higher effective tax rates.   That is why I introduced H.R. 1810, the Small Business Tax Equity  Act, last year. This bipartisan bill amends the Tax Code to allow  legally operating marijuana businesses to utilize common tax deductions  and credits, thus providing them with tax parity.   The Federal Government should not be ignoring States' rights and the  decisions of voters and State legislatures across the country. We must  work to afford all businesses selling legal products the opportunity to  make appropriate deductions and contribute to our economy and create  jobs.   Another important point, Mr. Speaker--and again I thank my colleague  for taking this time and bringing us together to talk about this issue  in a bipartisan manner--the best ally of those who are operating  illegally, the drug cartels, the drug traffickers who do not pay any  taxes, who target children, the best ally they have are the policies  that the Attorney General has embraced. Because what happens, Mr.  Speaker, is that these legally operating businesses can no longer  compete and people turn to the black market.   So, hopefully inadvertently--I hope inadvertently--the Attorney  General has actually done a great favor to those who operate outside  the law and is punishing those who are actually trying to control this  substance, to keep it away from young people, to make sure that only  those who have permission from their States, prescriptions from their  doctors, can access this substance.   I am, again, so grateful to join my colleagues tonight to call on the  Attorney General, on this administration, on this President, who, when  he campaigned said, ``I will defer to the States; I will respect the  States,'' and, in this case, a State like Florida, which voted for the  President, also voted 71 percent to allow medical marijuana in our  State, all the way from Key West to the panhandle.   The residents of Florida deserve to be respected. I will continue  working with my colleagues on this side of the aisle, across the aisle,  to make sure that our government respects States' rights, to make sure  that our government is on the side of those who want to operate within  the law, those who want to pay taxes, those who want to be compliant,  not the gangs and the illegal drug traffickers who are celebrating  today as a result of this dangerous policy change.   