 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my legislation,  H.R. 5735, the Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments  Act, or the THRIVE Act.   I thank Chairman Hensarling, Chairman Duffy, and my colleagues on the  House Financial Services Committee for their support and feedback on  this legislation. I want to thank Chairman Hensarling for sharing that  very compelling story about his constituent, Joshua. Unfortunately, so  many of us have constituents with similar stories, and that is what we  are trying to address here today.   We all know the opioid epidemic is a major health crisis that has  impacted every community in every congressional district; 116 Americans  die every day from opioid overdoses. My home State of Kentucky has the  third highest overdose mortality rate in the country.   This week, the House is considering several pieces of legislation to  address this epidemic, and in order to achieve meaningful progress in  the fight against opioids in our Nation, Congress can no longer simply  focus on prevention, enforcement, and treatment. We must also begin to  implement policies that focus on long-term recovery. Our Federal  housing programs are an underutilized resource in these efforts.   The THRIVE Act would make supportive housing more accessible to those  most in need by allocating a limited number of Section 8 housing choice  vouchers to nonprofits--nonprofits that have experience in housing. Not  new nonprofits--nonprofits with a record of providing housing services,  workforce development, job placement, financial literacy, and continued  addiction recovery support for individuals who are transitioning out of  rehab or a period of medication-assisted treatment and back into the  workforce.   This legislation would only allocate either 10,000 or 0.5 percent of  total housing choice vouchers, whichever is less, to evidence-based  nonprofits serving people who are literally dying each and every day of  opioid addiction and other substance abuse disorders. And the  demonstration is limited to 5 years.   No one would have a voucher taken away from them, despite what my  friend, the gentlewoman from California, is saying. No one would have a  voucher taken away from them to create this demonstration program.   An estimated 198,000 Section 8 vouchers are turned over every year  and returned to HUD, and it is from this amount that the demonstration  would set aside only 10,000 to address a deadly national public health  crisis.   Additionally, we made a commitment to working with our Democratic  colleagues, including Congresswoman Sinema, who has signed a joint  letter with me to request additional funding from the Appropriations  Committee to support this demonstration, because we understand the  urgent need for greater Federal investment to save lives. So the  ranking member's argument really doesn't apply.   The THRIVE Act has received endorsements from over 140 housing and  recovery organizations across the country, including Addiction Policy  Forum, the American Academy of Addiction Psychiatry, National  Association of Social Workers, Faces & Voices of Recovery, the  Association for Addiction Professionals, and more than 100 others that  are on the front lines of addiction recovery.    Mr. Chairman, HUD Secretary Ben Carson visited several of  these transitional nonprofits in my district in Kentucky earlier this  year, and he witnessed firsthand the success of these evidence-based  models of recovery.   I would like to especially recognize St. James Place, Revive  LifeHouse, the Hope Center, Shepherd's House, and Chrysalis House,  among others, for their critical work in the Sixth District of Kentucky  that inspired this legislation.   Mr. Chairman, the THRIVE Act would save American lives, as well as  taxpayer funds in the long run, by helping more individuals rise above  addiction and poverty.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my manager's amendment to  the legislation at issue today, H.R. 5735, the THRIVE Act, which,  again, would make supportive housing more accessible to those most in  need by allocating a limited number of housing choice vouchers to  nonprofits that provide housing, workforce development, job placement,  and continued addiction recovery support for individuals who are  transitioning out of rehab and back into the workforce.   This manager's amendment introduces improvements to the THRIVE Act  based on feedback we have received from various stakeholders in the  affordable housing and recovery communities, my colleagues on the House  Financial Services Committee, as well as technical drafting assistance  from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.   Among these changes include:   Clarifying the distinction between illicit drug use and medication- assisted treatment;   Requiring nonprofits to show that they have experience administering  housing programs and are in full compliance with the Fair Housing Act  and Civil Rights Act of 1964;   Requiring HUD and eligible entities to coordinate with the Department  of Health and Human Services, the Department of Labor, and local  workforce development boards;   Eliminating time limits for individuals in the program;   Authorizing waiver authority allowing HUD greater flexibility to  administer the program, while still requiring full compliance with  statutes and regulations related to fair housing nondiscrimination,  labor standards, and other requirements; and other technical changes.   Mr. Chair, I would like to thank my Democratic colleagues, including  Congresswoman Sinema, for suggesting several of the improvements to the  bill that are included in this amendment. I would also like to  emphasize, once again, my commitment to working with Ms. Sinema and  other colleagues to request additional funding from the Appropriations  Committee to support this demonstration program.   The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that the  total economic burden of prescription opioid misuse alone in the United  States is $78.5 billion per year. Our Federal housing programs are an  underutilized  [[Page H5181]]  source in the fight against this national public health crisis.   The THRIVE Act is a small investment of only 10,000 housing choice  vouchers out of a total of over 2 million, to people who are literally  dying every day. It has earned the support of over 140 recovery  organizations who are on the front lines of this epidemic.   Once again, Mr. Chairman, it is not a reason to vote against this  legislation because it is using existing appropriations for the Housing  Choice Voucher Program.   Our friends on the other side of the aisle who are objecting to this  legislation are making the wrongheaded and misguided argument that  claims that this is somehow taking away from other members of the  program.   There are 198,000 vouchers that come up each and every year. We are  talking about not taking vouchers away from anyone, but using those  vouchers that become available for new recipients. These recipients are  oftentimes eligible for the Section 8 Housing Choice Voucher Program  anyway, because they come out of rehab without resources. They are  statutorily eligible.   So when they talk about taking away from veterans, when they talk  about taking away from the disabled, or from the homeless, that is who  these people are. These people typically are without homes. They are,  in many cases, veterans.   Saint James Apartments, which is one of these recovery centers in my  district, focuses exclusively on veterans who are addicted to opioids,  and these people, obviously, are also struggling with a disability. So  the THRIVE Act deserves every one of our Members' support. These  organizations and these folks who are struggling with addiction are  literally crying out for Congress to help, and we need to answer that  call.   I urge support for my manager's amendment, and the underlying  legislation so we can work together in a bipartisan manner to improve  housing options for individuals recovering from opioid addiction and  other substance abuse disorders.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, just to respond briefly to some of those  claims, our efforts to work in a bipartisan way, an overture to the  ranking member to actually meet her halfway, should be actually  welcomed. It shouldn't be rejected.   And if she is concerned about more funding, guess what, that is not  what the authorizing committees do. That is what the appropriators do,  and if the ranking member were sincere, she would sign on to the letter  to the appropriators with respect to providing additional funds.   But in any event, this is not hastily put together. This is the  result of a lot of feedback, of hearings, of many years of actually  talking and listening to not-for-profits that are in this line of work.  And they are begging us, along with 144 other organizations in  addiction recovery, to pass this bill.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the manager's amendment, and  the underlying bill.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim time in  opposition to this amendment, although I do not oppose the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I want to make an observation that, in the  course of this debate, not one of the Members speaking in opposition to  this legislation has made the argument that these evidence-based  transitional housing models won't work. None of the arguments are that  this model won't work and won't help people achieve long-term recovery.  So why would anyone oppose the legislation?   I will accept my friend's, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin's  amendment. I appreciate the contribution that she is making to make  sure that Native American Tribal communities and their Tribal housing  authorities are designated as eligible entities to receive vouchers.   This amendment will ensure that Native American communities residing  in Tribal areas would have the opportunity to benefit from this  demonstration, similar to urban, suburban, and other rural areas, and  this amendment protects persons recovering from addiction in Native  American Tribal communities by ensuring that vouchers  [[Page H5183]]  might still be available through Tribal housing authorities should an  eligible nonprofit not be available.   Because some of the Tribal areas are located in very remote areas,  the nonprofit entities envisioned under this demonstration program may  not have the capacity to reach onto those reservations. This amendment  provides remote Tribal communities an avenue for providing transitional  housing to persons recovering from addiction when such nonprofit  participation could be low. This amendment ensures that Tribal  communities are not disadvantaged by a lack of nonprofit access so that  they have an adequate voucher dispersion entity to community  individuals in need of transitional housing as they recover from  addiction.   I reserve the balance of my time, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, in conclusion, I accept and support the  gentlewoman's amendment.   I will just remind all Members, and especially Members who might be  considering whether or not they want to vote for the legislation, if  you are concerned about additional appropriations, the proper channel  is to request that from the appropriators. Any Member of Congress  considering voting on this legislation can sign this bipartisan letter  to the appropriators asking for additional financial support for this  demonstration project. But it is not a reason to not vote ``yes.''   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   