 Mr. Speaker, I also want to join my friends in honoring  National K-9 Veterans Day.   Every March 13, we commemorate the United States Army's first K-9  Corps training program. While this program began in 1942, the history  of our ``best friend'' engaging in training and combat with us extends  well beyond that date.   Today, we commemorate the iconic Sergeant Stubby. If you don't know  about Stubby, Sergeant Stubby was a brindle bull terrier mutt from New  Haven, Connecticut. Stubby was adopted by U.S. Army Private Robert  Conroy, who stowed him away on a ship bound for France in the First  World War, where his service was integral to saving American lives.  Stubby was allowed to join our soldiers on the front lines after he was  discovered by Private Conroy's commanding officer. Because Stubby  rendered a salute to the commander, he was allowed to stay.   While on the front, he was once injured during a gas strike and  developed a unique sensitivity to the smell of chemical weapons used at  that time. His sensitivity was used to alert sleeping troops to another  gas attack. He rescued them on numerous occasions from an ill and very  painful fate.   Sergeant Stubby also thwarted a German spy attempting to map out the  battlefield of the Allied trenches. He did that by grabbing onto the  German soldier, biting him and subduing him until the American soldiers  could arrive.   Sergeant Stubby served in 17 separate battles during World War I.  Private Conroy's grandson, Curt Deane, recalled stories about Stubby:   ``My grandmother was always clear: he was a service dog. He gave the  troops comfort . . . and support. He used to run through the trenches  and warn them about gas attacks. He used to go outside of the trenches  and into this sort of no man's land between the U.S. and the German  trenches and stand by soldiers who had been injured until the medics  could come and get them.''   Sergeant Stubby became a lifetime member of the American Legion and  was recognized as the mascot of Georgetown University in the 1920s,  where Private Conroy then studied law. In 1921, Stubby was awarded the  Humane Education Society's Hero Dog gold medal and earned the honor of  meeting General John ``Blackjack'' Pershing, the highest ranking  servicemember since General George Washington, at that time.    Sergeant Stubby died in Private Conroy's arms on March 16, 1926.   Today, Sergeant Stubby is set to be immortalized in an animated film  [[Page H1533]]  premiering next month. That will be great for us all to see. His  loyalty, bravery, and selflessness is the legacy for thousands of  service dogs being trained at any given time in all branches of our  military, as well as our local, State, and Federal law enforcement  agencies.   While we aren't yet able to measure the exact number of lives saved  by service dogs, one thing is certain: dogs really are a man's and  woman's best friend. We are forever grateful and indebted to these  animals and applaud them, their handlers and caretakers for their  tireless service and devotion to duty and showing us the true meaning  of ``battle buddy.''   