 Mr. President, today I raise an important issue for my  colleagues that impacts many families in Iowa but also throughout the  country. You hear it everywhere. It is about high prescription drug  costs. I am not going to address that issue across the board, but I am  going to do it in a narrow way for one part of it.   One contributing factor that has played a part in how much money the  government and taxpayers pay for some drugs is a government program  called the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program.   On Tuesday I introduced bipartisan legislation with Senator Wyden of  Oregon. The bill, called the Right Rebate Act of 2018, would close a  loophole in that program that causes the problem I am addressing.   As a condition for participation in the Medicaid Program, drug  companies must pay a rebate--or some people might call it a discount-- to the Federal Government and to the various States for the drugs they  offer. Generally speaking, the rebate dollar amount is less for a  generic drug than for a brand-name drug.  [[Page S7340]]    The rebate program hasn't worked as designed. Some drug companies  have been able to game the system to boost their bottom line, and they  do so at taxpayers' expense. Some drug companies have paid smaller  rebates to the government. When that happens, that means taxpayers are  footing a bigger burden.   One example, in particular, highlights the main issues we aim to  solve with this legislation.   During the Obama administration--it could have been a Republican  administration as well--because of the problems in this program, Iowans  regularly contacted me by phone, email, and at my annual 99 county  meetings about the difficulties they faced paying the rapidly rising  prices of EpiPen. EpiPen is an emergency medicine used to treat severe,  life-threatening allergic reactions. EpiPen is distributed by a company  called Mylan. In 2007 a pack of two EpiPens cost $100. By 2016, the  cost of that two-pack of EpiPens exploded to more than $600. That is a  very substantial price increase. Nobody is going to argue with that.  Many would argue that it is an unjustified price increase, especially  considering the gut punch to taxpayers who foot the lions' share of the  Medicaid bill for families. They happen to be families in need. I  listened to the concerns of my constituents and began an investigation  about how the drug rebate program was working.   In a nutshell, Mylan had classified the EpiPen as a generic drug in  the Medicaid Program, when it should have been classified as a brand  drug. That means Mylan misclassified EpiPen, and CMS let it happen.   Because of this incorrect classification, Mylan paid a much smaller  rebate than it should have. I asked the Health and Human Services  inspector general to look into these classification practices. The  inspector general found that taxpayers may have overpaid for the EpiPen  by as much as $1.3 billion over 10 years because of the incorrect  classification. Eventually, Mylan settled a False Claims Act case with  the Justice Department for $465 million.   Now, don't ask me why the Justice Department didn't go after the  other probably $700 million. I don't know, and I haven't found out why,  but upon learning of that settlement, I expressed my disappointment  that it didn't seem that taxpayers had been made whole. That is quite  obvious, right?   We shouldn't have had to depend on lawyers and lawsuits to get the  taxpayers' money back. This deception should never have happened in the  first place. That is common sense. Government Agencies should have, as  an initial matter, been responsibly overseeing the programs they are in  charge of.   Because of insufficient attention to the problem by the Center for  Medicare and Medicaid Services--or CMS, as I have been using--Mylan  escaped accountability for a long period of time, costing taxpayers  hundreds of millions--eventually billions--of dollars.   But it is not just Mylan, and it is not just EpiPen. In a December  2017 report, the inspector general found that 885 drugs may have been  potentially misclassified. Specifically, the inspector general found  that, from 2012 to 2016, Medicaid may have lost $1.30 billion in  rebates for 10 potentially misclassified drugs with the highest total  reimbursement.   So where do we go from here? It is clear that the law must change to  provide clarity. So let's establish clear lines of authority to hold  the government bureaucracy and also the private sector accountable.  Taxpayers demand and deserve accountability. Simply said,  accountability will bring cost savings.   The Right Rebate Act, which Senator Wyden and I introduced, will shut  down this loophole used by drug companies. This legislation will  prevent the misclassification of drugs in the first place and protect  taxpayer dollars. It does this by requiring CMS to enforce penalties on  drug companies that knowingly misclassify drugs in the Medicaid  Program.   The legislation also provides remedies for States that are  shortchanged by drug companies. It requires an annual report to  Congress by CMS to make sure the Agency is doing all it can to protect  taxpayer dollars and to keep drug expenditures down.   This is commonsense legislation. It would close a loophole used by  drug companies to keep prices artificially high--much higher than they  should be--and it grants the Secretary of HHS the authority to properly  enforce the law.   The Right Rebate Act is only one step in the fight against high  prescription drug costs, but it is the right step, and there are a lot  of other steps that must be taken. I look forward to working with  Senator Wyden in the 116th Congress on many issues important to  Americans, including the high cost of prescription drugs.   I yield the floor.   