 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in a few minutes we are going to be  voting on President Trump's nomination of  [[Page S2510]]  Mr. Kurt Engelhardt to be a judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the  Fifth Circuit, and I can't think of a nominee who is more deserving and  more qualified for this job.   Judge Engelhardt is the chief judge of the U.S. District Court for  the Eastern District of Louisiana. He has been on the Federal district  court bench for 17 years. If you add up all of the cases he has  actually tried to verdict or to judgment, I think it is somewhere in  the neighborhood of 75 to 100. That is on top of hundreds--undoubtedly,  thousands--of motions that he has heard. He is eminently qualified.  Yet, rather than recite his resume, I wish to share a personal  experience that I had in Judge Engelhardt's court.   A number of years ago, the city of New Orleans sued a major Wall  Street investment bank in a dispute over a $171 million bond issue. The  bonds are called pension obligation bonds, and it is an extraordinarily  complex transaction. I was called as a witness because, at that point  in my life, I was the State treasurer of Louisiana and the chairman of  the State bond commission, and we had jurisdiction over the bonds when  they were issued.   I was not exactly sure whether I was a fact witness or an expert  witness, and the lawyers fought over that for a while. My point is that  I was on the stand for, maybe, 5 hours, 6 hours, and I got to observe a  little bit about the case and about Judge Engelhardt.   The plaintiffs' counsel, who represented the city of New Orleans and  the firefighters' pension system, were a handful of the finest lawyers  in the State of Louisiana--indeed, I would say, in the country. A  partner and number of associates from a major Wall Street law firm  represented the Wall Street investment bank. In addition to their  lawyers, there were dozens of clerks and associates and paralegals, who  made it look like Bourbon Street on Saturday night because there were  so many people. I remember thinking how many thousands and thousands  and thousands of hours these lawyers and paralegals and clerks had  spent in understanding this case. One could tell very quickly that both  sides--both sets of lawyers--knew this case backward and forward and  had almost memorized the depositions.   As a lawyer, it was fun for me to watch as they were going at it  hammer and tongs. I mean, they could recite chapter and verse from the  legal briefs, from the law books, from the depositions. Yet there was  one person in that courtroom, among all of these accomplished  professionals, who knew more about the case than anybody else. He was  the presiding judge--Kurt Engelhardt. He had total command of the  subject matter. That was not easy, as this was a very complex municipal  securities offering. He had total command of the courtroom.   With both sets of lawyers being aggressive, accomplished litigators,  they tested him quite often. That is what good lawyers do. They will  push the envelope. He maintained firm control without ever raising his  voice, and I got to watch him in operation for 5 or 6 hours. I had  never been in his courtroom before, but after watching Judge Engelhardt  in operation, I understood why just about every lawyer in Louisiana who  files a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of  Louisiana hopes that he or she will get Judge Engelhardt for the judge,  because he is that good. The only group of lawyers I know who hopes it  doesn't get Judge Engelhardt for a judge in the U.S. District Court for  the Eastern District of Louisiana is made up of those who are  unprepared or who don't know their cases, because he is not going to  tolerate the court's time being wasted.   For that reason, I am proud to stand here today, along with my  colleague, the senior Senator from Louisiana, Bill Cassidy, and  recommend categorically and unequivocally--unconditionally--to my  colleagues the nomination of Judge Kurt Engelhardt to be a member of  the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. He will serve us  proudly and well.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   