 Mr. President, it is always an honor to follow the  President pro tempore of the Senate on the Senate floor.   I am here to talk about the work we are working through and what--for  decades would actually be an understatement--for a couple of centuries  was the principal work of the Congress, which was to set our priorities  by how we spend the money people have entrusted us with.   Today I want to talk specifically about the importance of  transportation, and the ag bill is in here, too--the agricultural bill.  Certainly, those things come together in a way that allows us to be  competitive or don't come together in a way that doesn't allow us to be  as competitive as we would like to be.   There is no question that our Nation's infrastructure is not what it  should be. The Interstate Highway System, built under the leadership of  President Eisenhower, some of it is now over seven decades old, a lot  of it over five decades old. It is not where it should be. It has  outlived the projected life, and that is a good thing. The construction  and repair are better than thought to be at the time, but they are not  the kinds of things that are going to last forever.   It has been reported that we have a backlog of at least $836 billion  in highway and bridge infrastructure, just that part of our  infrastructure.   I am the chairman of the Commerce Committee's Subcommittee on  Aviation. The Chair and I serve on that committee, and on that  committee, we believe there is at least $100 billion in airport  infrastructure projects. There are all kinds of airports all over the  world that you can fly into or fly out of, and as you come back into  the United States, you realize how far we are behind.   Location is important to us. In fact, Winston Churchill said at one  time, talking about the United States, that the United States of  America was the best located country in the world. We have the Pacific  Ocean on one side and the Atlantic Ocean on the other. We have  neighbors north and south whom we have learned to cooperate with and  live with. We could turn to the Pacific, if that is where the  opportunities were. We could turn to the Atlantic.    Winston Churchill pointed out that the Mississippi River, which runs  through the center of our country, is maybe the greatest waterway in  the world, in terms of the system that created transportation from the  very start. The Mississippi River and all the tributary valleys there  were incredibly well located.   But all of these things can benefit us if we make the most of them,  but it is possible to make the least of them. If you get to the water  or if you get to the river and you get on it and you can use it and it  becomes an avenue of commerce, it is an opportunity. If you get to the  water and you can't get on it, it is an obstacle.   That is sort of what all these things are when we talk about  transportation. Are we going to talk about obstacles or  [[Page S5337]]  opportunities? What are we going to do with inadequate and deficient  infrastructure that really does impact whether local communities can  compete or not?   Back to the thoughts about the map of America and where our State is  located, Missouri is really at the hub of where a lot of the natural  infrastructure of the country come together, and also the No. 2 and No.  3 biggest rail yards in America are in our State. No. 2 is in Kansas  City, and No. 3 is in St. Louis. The interstate highways come together  there.   Chairman Collins and her committee worked on this part of the bill--a  bill where all four committees have brought a product to the floor that  we can vote for and that we get a chance to amend. We get a chance to  talk about how this could have been made better and maybe find a way to  make it better or maybe find a way to realize that, now that I  understand the arguments, it is a better bill than I thought. That is  the importance of getting that to the floor.   The bill provides $1 billion for BUILD Grants. Those were previously  known as TIGER grants. At least 30 percent of that billion dollars is  to benefit rural areas. This is particularly the kind of program we had  benefited from. The program funded the Champ Clark Bridge over the  Mississippi River in Louisiana, MO, and the bridge over the Missouri  River at Washington, MO. They all benefited from TIGER Grants.   There is another $49.3 billion for critical highway infrastructure.  That is an increase of $3 billion over the authorized level. This  program will provide our State with $79 million more in Federal funding  increases for roads, bridges, and freight programs. Highways and roads  are generally still largely a State problem. This bill encourages  States to do things that they might not quite be able to do otherwise.   We have 3,000 bridges in our State deemed structurally deficient. I  think it is the highest number of bridges anywhere because we have more  than 3,000 bridges that are structurally deficient and there are  thousands of bridges more than that.   The bill provides $175 million in discretionary spending, combined  with $140 million in mandatory spending to support Essential Air  Service communities. Those communities can almost support their own  commercial system, but not quite, and still have an argument that they  need it. In Missouri, Joplin, Cape Girardeau, and Kirksville all  benefit from that Essential Air Service Program. The airport in  Columbia is benefiting right now with rehabilitating runways from that  program.   The bill provides some capital investment grants that allow some help  with transit projects.   As far as ag infrastructure is concerned, we have the chairman of the  Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee on the floor right now. For ag  to work, you have to have an infrastructure that works. The world price  of grain is the world price of grain less what it costs you to get it  there. The way you win that competition is to have a transportation  network that works in a way that allows you to be more competitive than  anyone else. If you could arrive with a quality product and get it  there cheaper than anybody else can, you get that marketplace.   We don't want to forget broadband. As we think about rural America  today, broadband is as important as the telephone was 70 years ago. We  figured out how to get telephones to people that were a long way from  the nearest telephone, or until they got a telephone, a long way from  the nearest telephone pole. We figured that out, and we need to figure  out rural broadband just as well. If you can't get the high-speed  information you need, you may be doing something that you don't have to  go to an office to do, like commodity trading, but you do have to have  instantaneous information to do it effectively.   As for rural Missourians, we have 3 percent of the rural population  in our State, and half of that population doesn't have access to high- speed internet. That is behind the rest of the country, and our State  is trying to catch up. If we can take advantage of these broadband  pilot grants that encourage everybody to catch up, we will catch up  faster than we would otherwise.   This bill provides distance learning and telemedicine grants as part  of our rural community development, and there are rural development  community facilities grants in here. We are benefiting from that, and  we hope to see that program continue. We received rural development  community facilities grants for things like police facilities, road  construction equipment, and healthcare facilities in Dent County,  Scotland County, Livingston County, Grundy County, and Schuyler County.  All of those kinds of things would still be out there to compete for if  we pass this bill.   It includes $1.25 billion for the Rural Development Water and Waste  Disposal Program to be developed in rural Missouri. We have eight  communities right now benefitting from that. Every level of  government--local, State, and Federal--as well as the private sector,  really has to continue to recognize the importance of infrastructure-- the infrastructure we see on top of the ground, the infrastructure we  don't see below the ground, and the broadband infrastructure that some  people have and other people don't. That is how we compete.    This bill largely is a bill about competition. Certainly, the  transportation and ag parts of this bill are about competition. We need  to do what we can to strengthen our overall infrastructure and our  transportation network, to boost economic growth, to create jobs, and  to be sure that we are more competitive where I live and where you live  and all over our country. That is what this bill is about.   I am really pleased that, for the first time in a long time, every  Member of the Senate has a right to come to the floor and say: Here is  how we can spend this money better. Our goal should be to take what we  have been entrusted with and spend it in the way that benefits the  country in the most effective way. I think this bill goes a long way in  the right direction to do that. I am certainly looking forward to  supporting it when it comes to final passage and looking carefully at  every amendment anybody offers to see if that is not a better idea than  those of us on the Appropriations Committee had.   I see that my friend from West Virginia is here.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 772, which was received  from the House. I ask unanimous consent that the Blunt substitute  amendment at the desk be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, in 2010, legislation passed that mandated  national calorie menu labeling standards for chain restaurants and  similar retail food locations, like grocery stores. Many of us know  that there are many different ways that foods are prepared and sold to  customers. We can see all kinds of examples by walking around the  Capitol Complex itself, let alone through one's neighborhood grocery  store. As a result, it would be almost impossible to have a one-size- fits-all rule.   Before I mention what the Blunt-Alexander-King substitute amendment  would have done, to which the Senator from Washington State has  objected, let me, first of all, address the House-passed bipartisan  bill that has been pending on the Senate's calendar.   Senator King joined me in introducing the bipartisan Common Sense  Nutrition Disclosure Act here in the Senate--the same bill that has  already passed in the House. The bill is not just bicameral but  bipartisan, meaning Democrats and Republicans have sponsored  legislation in the Senate and Democrats and Republicans have passed the  same legislation in the House. My Democratic colleague from Missouri  cosponsored the initial bill.   The House-passed bill would not exempt pizza delivery and it wouldn't  exempt supermarkets or grocery stores or convenience stores or others  from menu labeling requirements.   There are always all kinds of things that are talked about here. What  the House bill and what the Blunt-Alexander-King bill would do, which  is pending in the Senate, is recognize that there are unique  differences in business types and product offerings to allow for more  flexibility in different kinds of business models providing their  customers with calorie information. This would still happen under our  bill, but it would happen in a more effective way so that it meets the  customers' needs. The goal here should be the customers' receiving the  information rather than exactly where the information is placed in a  one-size-fits-all or in a one-location-fits-all kind of format.   The campaign on this issue of misinformation has run pretty wild.  There is a group saying that what we are trying to do is exempt  restaurants and others from menu labeling. They clearly haven't read  the bill that Senator Alexander and I and Senator King have introduced.  I would like to go on record as saying what the amendment does.   First and foremost, it does not impact the delay of that menu  labeling final rule that went into effect this year. Again, it does not  impact the delay or stop the menu labeling final rule. The Blunt- Alexander-King amendment provides those who have to implement the rule  with the regulatory flexibility to implement the rule and provide the  information to their customers in the most useful manner. The amendment  also provides protection against frivolous lawsuits. That is really all  it does. Those are two big things, but they are two not very  complicated things.   I have been working on this issue for a number of years. I am  disappointed that we have been unable to move a commonsense measure  here in the Senate.   I thank Senator King for working with me on this issue, and I thank  Senators McCaskill, Heitkamp, and Donnelly--all Democrats--along with  Senator King, for joining me as bipartisan cosponsors.   I also thank Chairman Alexander, who is the chair of the authorizing  committee, who has joined with me and others in finding a commonsense  path forward to ensure we provide the information to consumers in the  most effective way, while providing the flexibility in implementation  and protection from lawsuits, not only on the information but on some  highly technical piece of the rule that really wouldn't have an impact  if anybody were to have the information or not. Senator Alexander has  been a leader on this. I know he is as disappointed as I am that we  can't move forward with the House-passed bill, for I spent a lot of  time on it.   I turn now to my friend Senator Alexander, the chairman of the Senate  HELP Committee, to make whatever comments he wants to make.   