 Mr. President, first, let me make sure we get into the  Record as accurately as I am saying right now, to Abe Schumer, that his  little boy's most predictable adversary wishes him today a happy  birthday.    That was very touching. Thank you very much, I say to my  friend, Senator Schumer.   Mr. President, I want to start today by giving an update as to where  we are in the process for the NDAA.   At 10:30 a.m., which is coming up shortly, we are going to have a  cloture vote on Toomey's amendment that applies the REINS Act to the  CFIUS rulemaking process. We all know what that is. We all know there  is opposition. If that vote fails, we will immediately roll into a  cloture vote on the substitute amendment. That is our amendment, which  we will be considering as the bill. Then, we hope to invoke cloture on  the underlying bill this afternoon before we head out of town. If we  are able to do that, we will have the final passage vote on Monday when  we return.   We are also working diligently as we speak to clear an additional  managers' package. One of the things we were talking about, and I have  been somewhat critical of some of my fellow Members, is the fact that  we have been operating under rules--and we have gone through this in  years past; it is almost predictable that one individual will try to  use this bill as a must-pass bill. Everyone knows it is going to pass;  it has passed for the last 57 years. So, logically, it is where you put  an amendment that is very difficult to pass. I don't blame them for  that. I would do the same thing. Nonetheless, I wouldn't do it if it  caused all other amendments to not be considered.   I am hoping we will be able to have a managers' package. I have  reason to believe and I am optimistic about that, and it would be a  great thing to have. I don't know how many of these amendments would  ultimately be in the managers' package, but we are talking about a lot  of amendments, and we have already cleared many amendments.   Anyone who criticizes the process that we are going through right now  may not be aware of how many amendments we have considered in our work  on this in committee. We are talking about some 300 amendments, and  since that time, countless amendments have been agreed to on both  sides. That is where we are today.   It will be a great victory for all of us in this Chamber if we can  get the managers' amendments agreed to, and hopefully that will be  true.   I can't neglect that today is the Army's 243rd birthday. I actually  attended a birthday party for the U.S. Army quite a while before a lot  of you were even born, when I was in Fort Lee, VA, in the U.S. Army. We  would have been celebrating the 180th birthday at that time. Back when  we were celebrating the 180th birthday, I never dreamed I would be  around to celebrate the 243rd birthday of the U.S. Army.   The Army is actually older than this country is. In 1775, brave  Americans joined the cause to fight for the life and liberty we hold so  dear now. It is the same motivation that still inspires the service of  the men and women who join the Army and, indeed, all of the service  branches today.   It is for those men and women that we are here today. That is what  this is all about--the NDAA that we are considering today. It has  provisions for individuals; it has specific provisions for the men and  women on the ground in harm's way, including the largest pay raise in  10 years. It means more opportunities for qualified servicemembers to  receive promotions throughout their careers. I think it is a  recognition that in the time in which this is taking place, there is a  new emphasis on defending America.   I don't say this critically, but the last administration had a policy  which said that we can't put any more money in sequestration for the  military unless we do the same for nondefense spending. A lot of people  agreed with that. I don't agree with that.   We are now at the point where we have broken parity, so I say to  individuals who are making career decisions: Help is on its way; this  is a good time to do it. Part of that is because of the modernization  of the personnel system in this legislation.   It also authorizes $40 million for supplemental impact aid support.  With an expansion of some military activities, individuals who are  involved are exempt from the taxes that support our schools. That is a  problem we have. Every State has a problem, but it is probably more  severe in Oklahoma than elsewhere. I would like to let individuals in  my State of Oklahoma, at five different installations, know that help  is on its way, and we are going to try to do a better job with the  supplemental impact aid than we have done in the past.   This bill increases funding for the personnel, improving the quality  of life for the forces and their families. Most importantly, it  increases end strength. It is not as much as I would like to see, but  it does grow the force, so servicemembers can have sufficient time to  be with their families and train before redeploying.   That is what we are doing right now. It is going to take a lot of  additional funding. We are authorizing that funding, and we are going  to be rebuilding.   I have to remind people in the outside world who are not here in  Washington that we do have a problem. The assumption that America has  the best of everything at one time was true, but it is not true. I  always document that because it is a pretty strong statement.   Right now, if we look at our artillery in terms of rapid fire and  range, both Russia and China have better range and rapid fire than we  have in the United States. We know we have done nothing with our  nuclear arsenal for the last 10 years. At the same time, our triad  system has been static, and Russia and China have improved theirs. They  are ahead of us in that area.   There is a new type of defense system that actually has a defense  mechanism that goes five times the speed of sound. It is still in the  experimental stage, but both China and Russia are ahead of us. The bill  we are considering now, ironically on the birthday of the U.S. Army, is  going to correct that. It is going to take a little while, but it is  ultimately going to correct that.   We have 20 or more minutes before we cast the two very significant  votes  [[Page S3933]]  that I just mentioned. This is everyone's opportunity to be heard. I am  hoping, and I really believe, that individuals who have been somewhat  of an obstacle in the past are cooperating at a new level, and I am  very excited about that. I hope we will be able to stay on the schedule  I just articulated a few minutes ago.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, we have two votes coming up. The first  vote is the one I strongly support. With this amendment, Senator Toomey  is looking to do something that has been very successful; that is, to  give a little more opportunity for us to oversee some of the  overregulations that are out there.   I was very pleased to have the first CRA that was mine, which I  authored, to be enacted into law. We have now had 16 CRAs,  Congressional Review Act. It is interesting because we went 20 years  without having any of them that were taken, and now we have been  successful in doing that. It is a stronger position for those of us in  the Senate to be able to get some things done. We can safeguard the  importance of deregulation, especially for the future, by passing this  amendment today.   Senator Toomey's amendment will give congressional oversight over the  CFIUS rulemaking process, which I think everyone in here knows needs to  be done and will be done. It will not slow down the implementation  process and still grants CFIUS the necessary flexibility to enact in  the name of national security.   After that, we are going to have the vote that is going to allow us  to move to a package, and I am hoping we will be able to do it because  there has been a lot of talk about not being able to get an open  amendment process. We have not had one, and that is unfortunate. If we  can get this package of amendments put together--there are going to be  quite a few of them--all of them will be cleared on both sides. It is  going to be one that people are going to be very anxious to get done.  It is going to give voice to many of the Members, probably some 40  Members who otherwise would not have the opportunity to have their  amendment agreed to or at least heard. I think we will have that  opportunity. It is very important we do it now. Hopefully, that package  of amendments is going to be one that will be favorably approved.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I make a point of order that amendment No.  2366 is not germane.    Mr. President, I make a point of order that amendment No.  2700 is not germane.    Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 2276 on behalf of  Senator Boozman.    I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment  be dispensed with.    Mr. President, I call up the Rounds amendment No. 2273 to  the underlying bill.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading  of the amendment be dispensed with.    Madam President, I object.   