 Mr. President, the May jobs report came out last Friday,  and here are some of the headlines.   This is from Bloomberg: ``U.S. Payrolls Rise 223,000; Jobless Rate  Matches 48-Year Low.''   This is from CNN: ``Unemployment rate matches lowest point in half a  century.''   From the New York Times: ``We Ran Out of Words to Describe How Good  the Job Numbers Are.''   In other words, the May jobs report was more good news for American  workers. The economy created 223,000 jobs in May. The unemployment rate  dropped to 3.8 percent--the lowest rate since April of 2000. That is  right. The last time unemployment was this low, the iPod hadn't even  been invented.   When the Republican-led Senate passed tax reform in December, there  were estimates that this historic legislation would create nearly 1  million jobs for the American people. Well, the economy has already  created more than 1 million jobs since tax reform was passed and 3.6  million jobs since President Trump was elected. The Republican pro- growth, pro-jobs agenda is working.   Government cannot create prosperity. It can't create the jobs and  opportunities that Americans need for a secure economic future. Only  businesses can do that. But government can create the conditions for  economic prosperity. It can make sure businesses are free to create  jobs and opportunities by making sure they are not weighed down with  burdensome taxes and regulations.   As everyone knows, the economy stagnated during the last  administration. Recovery from the recession was historically weak.  Wages were stagnant, and opportunities were often few and far between.  A big reason for that was the fact that businesses large and small were  weighed down by burdensome regulations and an outdated Tax Code. So  when President Trump took office, Republicans and President Trump made  reversing our economic decline a priority. We rolled back burdensome  regulations, and in December, we passed a historic reform of our Tax  Code.   Before the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the Tax Code was not helping  businesses grow and create jobs. In fact, it was doing just the  opposite, and that had real consequences for American workers. A small  business owner struggling to afford the hefty annual tax bill for her  business was highly unlikely to be able to hire a new worker or to  raise wages. A larger business struggling to stay competitive in the  global marketplace, while paying a substantially higher tax rate than  its foreign competitors, too often had limited funds to expand or  increase investment here in the United States.   So when it came time for tax reform, we set out to improve the  playing field for American workers by improving the playing field for  businesses as well. To accomplish that, we lowered tax rates across the  board for owners of small- and medium-sized businesses, farms, and  ranches. We lowered our Nation's massive corporate tax rate, which up  until January 1 was the highest corporate tax rate in the developed  world. We expanded business owners' ability to recover investments they  make in their businesses, which frees up cash that they can reinvest in  their operations and their workers. We brought the U.S. international  tax system into the 21st century so that American businesses are not  operating at a disadvantage next to their foreign competitors.   Now we are seeing results. Company after company has announced higher  wages, better retirement benefits, bonuses, increased investment, new  jobs, and more.   A recent survey from the National Association of Manufacturers  reported that 77 percent of manufacturers plan to increase hiring as a  result of tax reform, 72 percent plan to increase wages or benefits,  and 86 percent report that they plan to increase investments, which  means new jobs and opportunities for workers. Meanwhile, a recent  survey from the National Federation of Independent Business reports  that 75 percent of small business owners think the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act will have a positive effect on their businesses.   The Republican economic agenda is working, and Republicans are going  to keep working to ensure that American businesses can thrive and that  American workers have access to the jobs and opportunities they need  for long-term economic security. While we are doing that, we are also  going to continue to focus on the rest of the work the American people  elected us to do. As I have said before, Congress can walk and chew gum  at the same time.   While we have been laser-focused on removing obstacles to economic  growth and job creation, we have also accomplished a lot of other  things so far this Congress.   By the end of the Obama administration, our Nation's military was  facing a serious readiness shortfall. So this year we made the most  significant investment in our military in 15 years, and we are going to  continue to make sure that the men and women of our military have the  resources they need to meet and defeat the threats of the 21st century.  We recently passed legislation that makes much needed reforms to ensure  our veterans have access to the healthcare they need, when and where  they need it.   We also took action to preserve healthcare for children in need by  enacting the longest extension of the Children's Health Insurance  Program in history, and we repealed ObamaCare's burdensome individual  mandate which forced many, many Americans to buy health insurance they  didn't want or couldn't afford.   We passed legislation to fight sex trafficking, to combat opioid  abuse, to help community banks, to increase school safety, to keep  energy affordable, and more. Of course, we confirmed a number of highly  qualified judges to fill vacancies in our judicial system.   Republicans are working to honor the trust the American people have  placed in us. We are fighting to make life better for hard-working  Americans. We have accomplished a lot so far this Congress, but we know  there is a lot more work to be done. We are up to the challenge.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   