 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of the  Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act.   I would also like to begin by thanking Leader McCarthy and my  colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee, especially Carlos Curbelo,  for his support in bringing this legislation to the House floor.   H.R. 5192 will bring the Social Security Administration into the 21st  century to assist the private sector in combating identity fraud.  Identity theft affects thousands, if not millions, of children and  families a year. A report by Carnegie Mellon CyLab examined more than  40,000 cases of identity theft and found that 10 percent of children in  the study had someone else using their Social Security number. Among  other things, children's identities were used to purchase homes and  open credit card accounts.   According to the information recently published by the Algonquin  Patch, Illinois ranks number seven in the United States for identity  theft. The median loss for fraud is nearly $500. Credit card fraud is  the most common type of fraud.   For example, in Wilmette, Illinois, the Social Security number of a  13-year-old was used by a fraudster to open a credit card with a plan  to use it to pay for plastic surgery. Imagine when these children go to  get their first legitimate extension of credit, maybe a car loan or a  student loan, only to find out that criminals have stolen their  identities and wrecked their financial standing.   The Protecting Children from Identity Theft will strengthen the  relationship between the public and private sectors in order to combat  identity theft. Specifically, it will bring the Social Security  Administration into the 21st century by allowing companies who meet  strict regulatory standards to electronically confirm whether a name,  date of birth, and Social Security number match.   This will make it much easier for companies, such as credit card  issuers, to ensure that they are only providing credit to legitimate  applicants. This will prevent millions of dollars in fraud costs, not  to mention preventing all of the headaches for my constituents whose  identities will be at risk unless this bill is signed into law.   Again, I want to encourage all of my colleagues to vote in support of  the  [[Page H3380]]  Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act.   