 Mr. President, I rise today to reiterate my strong  opposition to the House of Representatives' effort to restart licensing  activities at Yucca Mountain and in particular the Nuclear Waste Policy  Amendments Act, which passed the House just a few hours ago.   This bill, which is a complete and total waste of taxpayer dollars,  is dead on arrival in the U.S. Senate. Not only will I place a hold on  the bill now that it has passed the House, I will also object to the  motion to proceed to the bill. This vote today proves my point that I  am the only person in Washington, DC, standing between a pristine,  beautiful Nevada or a Nevada dripping with nuclear waste. As I have  said in the past, I will continue to serve as a roadblock to every  effort to make Nevada our Nation's nuclear waste dump.   Despite the House of Representatives' repeated attempts to revive a  failed project, I have been able to ensure that not a single dollar has  been appropriated to restart licensing activities at Yucca Mountain.  This vote is nothing but a failed exercise because as long as I am in  the Senate, Yucca Mountain is dead. It is as simple as that. As I have  previously said, under my watch, I will not let one more hard-earned  taxpayer dollar go toward the failed Yucca Mountain project. My State  refuses to serve as our Nation's nuclear waste dump. That is why I am  proud to say that because of my leadership, the Senate has repeatedly  refused to pass a law funding the high-level nuclear waste repository-- a position that was most recently confirmed in the most recent omnibus  spending measure.   Because of my current work as Nevada's senior Senator and my  bipartisan work with the former Senate majority leader, Yucca Mountain  remains dead. I repeat, it is simple as that. But despite Yucca's clear  and unquestionable death long ago, some of my friends on the other side  of the Capitol continue to waste their time attempting to bring back  life to this ill-conceived and fiscally irresponsible plan. Their  efforts keep alive a longstanding fight over States' rights and  distract us from the real task at hand, which is finding a viable,  long-term nuclear waste storage solution that meets the needs of all  Americans.   I will be the first person to recognize the important role nuclear  power plays in a stable and secure ``all of the above'' energy strategy  and that with nuclear energy comes the need to properly store spent  nuclear fuel, but I firmly believe that our Nation cannot progress  towards achieving viable and sustainable storage solutions for spent  nuclear fuel and defense high-level waste without first abandoning  Yucca Mountain.   I am not saying that we shouldn't come to the table to discuss our  Nation's nuclear waste storage needs. We should, and I would. But I  also believe States should have a say in the matter. That is why, in my  opinion, consent-based siting presents the only viable path forward on  this issue. Consent-based siting offers a means of addressing our  Nation's high-level nuclear waste problem while at the same time  respecting the sovereignty of States to object to becoming nuclear  waste dumps. The Yucca Mountain proposal, however, represents the exact  opposite of consent; it is a unilaterally imposed Federal mandate that  goes against the will of the people it directly affects.   My colleagues have heard me raise the question many times that I and  Nevadans are thinking: Why should a State without a single nuclear  powerplant of its own be forced against its will to house all of our  Nation's nuclear waste?   Let me repeat that. Why should a State without a single nuclear  powerplant of its own be forced against its will to house all of our  Nation's nuclear waste? This is a question that has never been  answered--not from the Presiding Officer's seat, not from the Speaker  of the House, nor from the author of this bill. And I think if we want  an intellectually honest answer, it would be that it shouldn't have to.   Beyond the violation of the State sovereignty and the disregard for  the will of the local population, the Yucca Mountain proposal poses  significant health and safety risks and potentially catastrophic  financial risks that must be addressed before, not after, the proposal  moves forward, should it move forward at all.   What are these risks? Well, for one, Yucca Mountain is located just  90 miles from the world's premier tourist and convention and  entertainment destination of Las Vegas, NV. Last year, Las Vegas  welcomed nearly 43 million visitors. Over the past decade, the greater  Las Vegas area has been one of the fastest growing in the United  States, with a population that now exceeds 2.1 million people,  according to the latest U.S. Census Bureau numbers. Any issues with the  transportation of nuclear waste to that site or issues with storage  there would bring devastating consequences to the Las Vegas, NV, and  national economies--issues that would inevitably result from shipping  9,500 rail casks in 2,800 trains and 2,650 trucks hauling 1 cask each  to Yucca Mountain over the next 50 years. These shipments would use  22,000 miles of railways and 7,000 miles of highways and cross over 44  States.   To date, however, Nevadans have not received sufficient assurance  from the Department of Energy or the Nuclear Regulatory Commission that  their concerns about these risks will receive the procedural due  process and thoughtful consideration they are owed under existing law.  In fact, in my recent correspondence with the Nuclear Regulatory  Commission, I continue to stress to the Commission the importance of  procedural safeguards, such as local hearings and local adjudication,  to ensure that parties directly affected by the proposal have the  opportunity to air their concerns and have them considered in an open  and reasonably close forum.   It is because of these and other unresolved concerns that I continue  to stand with the State of Nevada in its strong opposition to  restarting licensing activities at the Yucca Mountain repository.   Rather than forcing the State of Nevada to accept nuclear waste at a  scientifically unsound site, taxpayer dollars would be better spent  identifying viable alternatives for the long-term storage of nuclear  waste in areas that are willing to house it. Finding alternatives is  the commonsense path forward, as well as the fiscally responsible  decision.   The Federal Government should not waste another taxpayer dollar on  Yucca Mountain--waste that already amounts to nearly $15 billion.  According to Department of Energy estimates, an additional $82 billion  would be needed to license, construct, and operate Yucca Mountain  through closure, bringing the total system life cycle cost for the  project to around $100 billion--an amount that would be probably 15 to  20 percent higher in today's dollars.  [[Page S2611]]    So it is clear that instead of throwing more taxpayer dollars at a  failed proposal, which is exactly what the House of Representatives'  Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act does, we should be working on a  real, long-term solution rooted in consent-based siting.   With that, I urge my colleagues, as we continue the budget and  appropriations process for the 2019 fiscal year, to focus on further  implementation of the Department of Energy's consent-based siting  process.   I stand ready to partner with my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle on this issue, and I am confident that together we can find a  solution to this problem once and for all.   With that, I yield the floor.   