 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I  thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this rule. This rule provides  for the consideration of three bills out of the Financial Services  Committee. Before I turn to the bills, I want to talk about the urgent  issues that are not scheduled for floor time this week.   Why aren't we debating appropriations bills to keep the government  funded through the end of this fiscal year?   Just 2 weeks away from another government shutdown, yet, instead of  discussing how we can keep government open through the end of the year,  we are debating unrelated bills.   We are halfway through the current fiscal year and we are forcing a  month-after-month crisis of government funding. This is no way to run a  government or a business. Agencies need certainty. Our constituents  need to know that they can rely on government services and the security  of our Nation. We should be discussing appropriation bills now.   In addition, there are over 800,000 DACA recipients, or Dreamers,  that don't have any certainty, whose ability to work legally hinges  upon a court decision that is on appeal.   In my home State of Colorado, there are over 15,000 Dreamers from  countries far and wide, young, aspiring Americans who grew up in our  country and know no other country, who are able to work legally today,  but who risk the expiration at any moment by the whim of a court.   Every day, over 100 DACA recipients lose their protected status or it  expires. We need to take up, in this body, a permanent solution for  Dreamers, a pathway to citizenship so that they don't have to rely on  the whims of the court system to protect them.   Many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have demanded that  Speaker Ryan bring an immigration bill to the floor. In fact, in the  past, he said he would do so--last week, the week before. Yet we still  haven't brought forward the Dream Act, or the Hope Act, or any of the  bills that I am proud to cosponsor, that are bipartisan, that would  address the urgent issue of how we can ensure that Dreamers are able to  work legally.   Even as we speak now, there are students on the Capitol lawn  participating in an organized walkout in support of ending school gun  violence. Students in Colorado are joining as well. I sent a letter to  be read to the students who are doing that because I hope that we agree  that no young person should have to fear going to school, nor should  any parent have to fear sending their child to school.   I strongly support sending more resources to schools that create  supportive environments, that foster emotional and mental health. And,  yes, we need to do more on gun violence, including universal background  checks.   So why aren't we discussing those bills here today?   In addition, the administration's budget eliminated title IV-A of the  Every Student Succeeds Act, which is the very kind of support and  enrichment grant that helps schools support health and mental health  services and counseling. So in the administration's own budget, it  would undermine our ability to keep schools safe.   School safety funding is not a replacement for gun safety measures,  but it can help reduce violence by supporting our children in school  and creating a safe learning environment.   Those are some of the pressing issues that we could be considering; I  dare say that our constituents are demanding that we consider. I dare  say our continued ignoring of these issues is one of the reasons that  the congressional approval rating is so low. Nobody is calling my  office asking for these obscure bills today on regulations of big  banks.   I am getting calls from constituents about reducing gun violence in  schools; finding a permanent solution for DACA recipients; keeping  government open, and protecting the integrity of our elections from  foreign interference.   My colleagues must have short memories because we just forget how  hard the financial meltdown of 2008 was on the country's middle class.  While Wall Street banks were getting taxpayer bailouts, nearly 7  million Americans lost their homes, workers lost thousands of dollars  in retirement accounts, and our unemployment rate spiked to 10 percent.   Since Dodd-Frank was signed into law, we have avoided another major  meltdown. The banking system is strong again because of the Dodd-Frank  reforms, yet my Republican colleagues continue to bring bills to the  floor that are aimed at crippling financial regulators to put banks  ahead of the safety of the financial system, consumers, and the  economy.   H.R. 1116, the TAILOR Act, would require that Federal regulators  tailor any action to limit the burdens on financial institutions. What  this bill does is force Federal regulators, those in charge of  protecting consumers and our system from risk, to conduct a time- consuming re-analysis limiting what they look at to the burdens on  financial institutions, the very protections that were put in place in  Dodd-Frank and, instead, change those to financial institutions, not to  ensure consumer protection, to reduce costs rather than ensure  protection.   It is almost like you are giving such authority to the tailors that  they cut up your whole suit, and that is not what we want. If there are  adjustments that need to be made, we should make them through statute,  not give broad authority to government regulators to shred consumer  protections.    H.R. 4545, the Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform  Act, would establish a new Office of Independent Examination Review,  yet more bureaucracy and paperwork, and have financial institutions  appeal and postpone supervisory determinations, creating yet more  Republican red tape, more big government committees that the  Republicans seem so fond of at the cost to taxpayers.   This is, again, one of those bills that could have been easily  tailored to provide targeted improvements to the exam process, but,  instead, the Republicans want to set up more government committees and  more red tape.   H.R. 4545 takes away the financial regulators' ability to supervise  financial institutions, instead, creating new government panels that  risk putting consumers at additional risk.   The last bill being considered under this rule is H.R. 4263, the  Regulation A+ Improvement Act. This bill would increase the annual  exemption threshold under the SEC's Regulation A+ for companies to sell  initial public offerings while being exempt from registration and  disclosure requirements.   The purpose of the JOBS Act, as my colleague from Colorado mentioned,  is to help startups and small businesses access capital by easing some  security regulations. Regulation A+, unlike these other two proposals,  actually reduces regulations, so it is a good bill. I plan on  supporting it. It would make it easier for smaller, nonpublic companies  to access capital by allowing them to offer shares to the general  public.   So two bills setting up new bureaucracies and new Republican red tape  commissions that tie up government, and one that actually reduces  regulation, which I think will have more Democratic support.   Currently, a company offering up to $50 million in securities is  exempt from SEC registration requirements. This bill is very simple. It  just raises the threshold from $50 million to $75 million. Compliance  costs are very expensive. So for a company in that range, they are  often prohibited from accessing capital markets.   The SEC has the authority to raise the offering limit, something that  Congress gave the SEC the authority to do. The JOBS Act requires the  SEC to review the limit every 2 years, and if they decide not to  increase it, the SEC has to report to Congress.  [[Page H1557]]    According to the Kauffman Foundation, startup activity has increased  steadily over the past 3 years. Startups are a major job creator in our  communities. Reducing red tape and bureaucracy is a good idea. Startups  create 3 million jobs annually, and we need to continue to find ways to  support startups and entrepreneurs.   So, again, the biggest problem with all of these bills is that they  have nothing to do with what the American people are demanding Congress  act on. Two of them create more Republican red tape, bureaucracy, give  more power to the Federal Government. One of them helps small  businesses raise capital by reducing regulation.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   President Trump's March 5 deadline ending DACA has come and gone, and  all we got out of the White House was tweet after tweet, a stifling of  bipartisan proposals in the Senate, and a continued failure to lead.   President Trump tweeted: ``Total inaction of DACA by Dems. Where are  you? A deal can be made.''   Mr. Speaker, has the President forgotten that it was his decision to  suddenly end the DACA program that has thrown the system into chaos?   Well, to answer his question, the Democrats are right here. My  colleague is right here with a motion to solve DACA right now. Let's do  it. Let's rumble. This is actually the 25th time that we have attempted  to bring the bipartisan bill, the Dream Act, for a vote on the floor of  the House, while it is Republican colleagues who have stood by ignoring  the will of this House and the Nation and refusing to let us vote on a  bill that would fix DACA.   The Democrats have been and are making our position clear. We want  immigration policies that make America safer and that reflect the fact  that we are a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants. It is time  that President Trump and my colleagues on the other side work with us  to ensure that.   Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an  amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act. This  bipartisan, bicameral legislation would help hundreds of thousands of  young people who are American in every way except for on paper.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Correa) to discuss our proposal.    Mr. Speaker, does the gentleman have any remaining  speakers?    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time for our all- Colorado lineup.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Once again, Congress is spending our limited time here on the floor  debating issues that are not being asked for by our constituents,  creating new government commissions and Washington red tape that gets  in the way of our economic growth and success.   We have spent countless hours debating bills that the Senate probably  won't even take up instead of the items we need to do like  appropriations bills, where we are 2 weeks from the expiration of  government funding.   Apparently, these bills are rushed to the floor to score political  points for special interests instead of dealing with the over 800,000  Dreamers whose ability to work legally hangs in the balance of a court  decision.   We are considering legislation that creates new commissions and red  tape instead of focusing on how to put more money in the pockets of the  middle class.   I strongly urge my colleague to vote ``no'' on the rule and the  previous question so we can bring the bipartisan Dream Act forward and  finally show that, yes, the House of Representatives can do its job.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   