 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1285, the Senate  companion to my bipartisan bill, H.R. 3225, the Oregon Tribal Economic  Development Act.   Last year a federally-recognized tribe in my District, the  Confederated Tribes of the Coos, Lower Umpqua and Siuslaw, alerted me  that it was unable to obtain a commercial mortgage to purchase a  storage unit facility.   A local financial institution was concerned that under the arcane  Indian Non-Intercourse Act (INIA), it was afraid it would not be able  to repossess the property should the tribe be unable to make mortgage  payments.   Many of my colleagues are not familiar with the INIA, with good  reason. The law is over 180 years old, and prohibits a tribe from  buying, selling or leasing land. Under the law, Congress, not the  Bureau of Indian Affairs, is required to approve every potential  transaction.   Typically, the INIA has not prevented tribes from buying, selling or  leasing land. However, some financial institutions, as in the case in  my District, have interpreted it to mean that Congress act.  [[Page H3954]]    Over the years, Congress has appropriately passed laws excluding  individual tribes from the INIA. First, the INIA is completely  unworkable. Congress has a hard enough time passing legislation, for  better or worse, that affects thousands or millions of Americans. It is  not remotely possible we could pass a law every time a tribe requests  to buy, sell or lease property.   Additionally, the INIA is a road block to a tribe's economic  development. For hundreds of years, terrible federal Indian policy  decimated tribes through displacement, disease, and discrimination. In  my District, the INIA made it impossible for the Tribe to function as  the sovereign nation it is to benefit its members. S. 1285 would  clarify that INIA does not apply to five Oregon tribes, and only in the  case of fee land. Land held in trust is not affected by this bill. It  is bipartisan, and does not cost the government a dime.   It is past time to ensure Oregon tribes are allowed to engage in real  property transactions without the threat of a 180 year-old law standing  in the way.   