 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership  and for providing this opportunity tonight for us to highlight the  significance and the importance of this tax bill for the American  people.   Mr. Speaker, when I lived in Washington, D.C., in 1980, it came out  of the malaise of an economy that wasn't growing. No jobs, no  opportunity. And Ronald Reagan had a vision for a different America,  and I worked hard on his campaign. He changed the whole structure of  our Tax Code and reduced the regulations that moved this economy  forward. Unprecedented growth in jobs. Eighteen million jobs came out  of that economy.   And that is what this vision of President Trump and this Congress is  about today. Who would have thought a year ago--just a year ago--that  America would be experiencing what it is today: companies like Apple  reinvesting $350 billion; ExxonMobil, $50 billion. You have  unemployment that has plummeted to a 49-year low. U.S. manufacturing is  expanding at the fastest rate in 14 years. Consumer confidence is at a  17-year high. Wages are up. Opportunities are up.   I had a gentleman come to me just this last week who owns two  restaurants in Charlotte. He said: Thank you for your tax cut. I am now  going to expand and build another restaurant out at the lake, and I can  do that because I have got the capital to go reinvest.   You know, we have constrained this economy and the American people by  these burdensome tax rates that are not competitive. Companies have  been going to the rest of the world--Ireland, U.K., Germany--and  leaving America because we weren't competitive with our Tax Code. Now  they are coming back. Now companies in America are expanding.   You take just an individual. I had a lady at a gas station the other  day. I was getting my gas, and she was pumping her gas. She looked at  me, and she said: Are you Congressman Pittenger? I said: Yes, ma'am.  She said: Thank you. I am a single mom. I have got that little baby in  the back seat, and what you have done for me is give me another $150 a  month, and I really can't tell you how much I appreciate what you are  doing.   Eighty-two percent of American people are going to get a pay raise.  They are getting it right now. And that is the difference. The proof is  in the paycheck. Americans know that. Regardless of what the left says,  the media says, or anyone else, the reality is jobs are expanding,  paychecks are going up, people are getting bonuses.   In Charlotte alone, we have Bank of America giving out bonuses; we  have Charlotte Pipe and Foundry, SteelFab, American Airlines, so many.  Five hundred companies in this country have given out bonuses to their  folks, and probably so many more we don't know about.   So I want to commend Chairman Wilson for his leadership. I thank him  for making sure that the American people know what is yet to come. We  have just scratched the surface on the opportunity and the growth and  the jobs that will be there for the American people.   