 I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, 6 months ago, Congress passed historic  tax legislation that fundamentally reformed our Tax Code and provided  tax relief to middle-income Americans and also to small business job  creators.   At the time, many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  attempted to derail our efforts through a campaign of misinformation  and demagoguery. They tried to argue that up was down and that tax cuts  were tax increases. They even suggested the bill's passage was a sign  of Armageddon.   Of course, such fearmongering was always nonsense. At the time,  analysis from the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation had made it  clear that the vast majority of taxpayers across every income group  would experience tax cuts. In fact, it made clear that middle-income  groups would experience the largest percentage of tax cuts. In even  looking at the liberal Tax Policy Center's analysis of the bill, the  tax relief for the middle class is unmistakable. Its analysis found  that more than 80 percent would experience tax cuts that would average  more than $2,100.   In the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we made good on our commitment to fix  our broken Tax Code. It makes filing simpler, provides middle-income  tax cuts, and reinvigorates our economy through pro-growth business tax  reforms.   The positive effects of the tax cuts began almost immediately with  companies announcing bonuses, pay raises, higher retirement  contributions, new hiring, and increased investment as a result of the  law. To date, the list of such companies has climbed to over 600, with  there being more than 4 million employees who are benefiting.   This has included a number of businesses in my State of Iowa, which  range from the small, like the Anfinson Farm Store, which has invested  back into its employees in the form of $1,000 bonuses and a 5-percent  increase in wages, to the very large, like Wells Fargo, which has  raised its base wage from $13.50 to $15 per hour and benefited more  than 1,300 employees.   Higher wages and bonuses are not the only ways that taxpayers are  benefiting from the historic tax relief.   Taxpayers across the country are seeing the benefit in the form of  lower electric, gas, and water bills. Nationally, utility customers  have experienced more than $3 billion in savings thanks to lower  utility rates as a result of tax cuts.   In my State of Iowa, Alliant Energy has estimated its customer  savings to be between $18.6 million and $19.6 million for electric and  from $500,000 to $3.7 million for gas. MidAmerican Energy has estimated  between $90 million and $112 million in customer savings, and Iowa  American Water Company has estimated customer savings to be between  $1.5 million and $1.8 million.   The hundreds of businesses and utility company announcements were  only the beginning of the positive news for American taxpayers. In  February, taxpayers began seeing the effects of tax reform directly in  their paychecks as less was taken out of their pay by the IRS. In all,  about 90 percent of taxpayers are seeing less being withheld from their  paychecks as a result of the law.   As it became evident that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was delivering  meaningful benefits to working families, our Democratic colleagues were  in search of new talking points on the law, considering the fact that  their old talking points were not working. They could no longer, with a  straight face, argue that tax cuts were really tax increases. Instead,  they wanted hard-working Americans to believe that an extra $50 a week  in their paychecks or a $1,000 bonus was ``crumbs.''   With all due respect to my colleagues who believe that this is true,  they don't have a doggone clue what it is like in the real world where  people have to work for a living. That $1,000 bonus means a lot for a  father or a mother whose children need new school clothes or who has a  car that could use some repairs or who, simply, wants to take the  family on a vacation. For a family on a tight budget, every additional  dollar in a paycheck really counts. It means an additional dollar that  can be put away for unexpected emergencies or for a child's college  savings or, maybe, even for one's own retirement.   As important as the immediate middle-income tax benefits are that  have been afforded by the law, the benefits that will accrue for  everybody in this country as a result of the long-term, pro-growth  effects of the bill are as important, if maybe not more important.  Thanks to this historic tax measure, as well as to regulatory relief,  Congress and the administration have declared that America is open for  business. When Congress delivers historic tax cuts and, particularly,  regulatory rollbacks, the American people enjoy the sweet taste of  prosperity. That is how the cookie crumbles.   Despite critics in this town calling the tax cuts crumbs, I would  invite them to chew on a few facts: National unemployment has fallen to  3.8 percent--the lowest level since April 2000. Wages have risen at the  fastest pace since the end of the recession. For the first time on  record, the number of job openings has exceeded the number of job  seekers. U.S. manufacturers report historically high investment and  hiring numbers as 86 percent report they intend to increase investment,  and 77 percent report they plan to increase hiring. Small business  confidence has hit record highs. Consumer confidence has reached its  highest level in 18 years. All of this good economic news points toward  higher economic growth moving forward. This is key to sustainable long- term wage growth, which is the most powerful anti-poverty measure there  is. This should be welcome news to all after the years of stagnant wage  growth during the Obama years.    With all of this positive news, Democrats have been searching for a  talking point that they hope will take hold. They are looking for a big  distraction from the prosperity that results from this tax bill. Toward  that end, they have lambasted corporate stock buybacks. Their hope is  that the American public will disregard all the positive signs they  have seen in their paychecks and in the economy generally and be  outraged by the benefits accruing to stockholders--more class warfare  on their part versus the compassion and social justice that this tax  reform brings about. It is a play out of their old playbook, in other  words. When all else fails, engage in the historic rhetoric of class  warfare. But I have news for some of my Democratic colleagues: That dog  no longer hunts either. Millions of middle-class Americans own stock-- if not directly, through their 401(k) or pension plan. According to the  Tax Policy Center, 37 percent of stock is held in retirement accounts.  Thus, the idea of stock buybacks being a boon only to corporate fat  cats is hogwash. It is a boon to the millions of middle-class Americans  who are longing for secure and comfortable retirements.   Moreover, the Democrats' concerns with stock buybacks demonstrate a  fundamental misunderstanding of economics. Stock buybacks are fully  consistent with one of the main objectives of tax reform; that is,  promoting economic growth through capital formation that makes workers  more productive, which in turn leads to increased wages. When a company  repurchases stock, that money is not stuffed into a mattress; it frees  up dollars that can be reinvested in a growing economy or maybe a new  startup small business. This in turn promotes the type of business  expansion and capital investment necessary to grow our economy, boost  productivity, and increase wages over the long term.   Although the economic landscape looks more promising than ever, there  is more work to do. Those of us from Iowa are particularly focused on  trade agreements and renewable energy policies that impact our home  State.   So I hope overall that our colleagues across the aisle will finally  put an end to their tired attacks on the tax bill and begin working  with us to promote further economic growth that has already started at  a high level as a result of this tax bill.  [[Page S4264]]    I yield the floor.   