 Mr. Speaker, the American people are sick and tired of the  double standard shown to the Clintons, and the issue does not just stop  narrowly with all of the issues which were just laid out so well by my  colleague.   There is sufficient evidence that Democratic opposition research was  submitted as evidence to a FISA court so that our intelligence  community could begin spying on the Trump campaign and American  citizens. Justice has not been done here, as elsewhere, and Americans  know full well what is going on up here.   Mr. Speaker, the script has flipped, and it seems clear it was the  Democrats, not Republicans, who abused their power to try to get  Clinton elected. Unique in world history, America is the first Nation  that was founded on the premise and the promise that all people are  created equal under the law.   That means no matter how well-connected, no matter how wealthy you  are, no matter how many foreign leaders you have under your thumb, no  matter how popular, no matter how elite, no matter how educated, no  matter how many lawyers you have, no one  [[Page H3336]]  in this country stands above the law of the land, and we have to ensure  that that remains the case.   The system is rigged. Bernie Sanders ran for the people without  power, and the system and a party rigged his election. I ran to protect  people from the corruption in D.C. Now, what was going on in D.C. last  week, we have monopolies run amuck, Facebook, Google, Amazon, big  banks, big insurance, big everything, the exact opposite of the logic  of the Founders.   Adam Smith, the founder of free market economics, wanted a country  where small businesses competed against each other--no monopolies, no  oligopolies. James Madison, the author of the Constitution, wanted a  country with a large number of factors that duked it out among  themselves. No power centered--especially in the Federal Government up  in D.C.--all power returned to the States and to the people.   But today, that is all, unfortunately, upside down up in the swamp. I  know it sounds like fiction that the FBI used a piece of opposition  research paid for by the Clintons and the Democrats to file a warrant  to spy on American citizens and the Trump campaign.   Comey, McCabe, Rybicki, Jim Baker, Lisa Page, Peter Strzok, all of  these are top personnel, political appointees in the FBI who are  wrapped up in this story. They are not going to investigate themselves.  We need a fair and independent special counsel looking into this to see  if there is anything wrong and any wrongdoing.   Mr. Speaker, a second special counsel really is the only way to have  the flexibility to fully investigate the matter of political bias in  regards to ruling of the FISA court and see if anyone has broken the  law of the land.   Only after we fully investigate this matter will we have the full  confidence that no one has escaped justice. The American people want  that closure, and so do I.   