 Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Guthrie for his work on  this important legislation.   I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1635, the Empowering Students  Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act.   As the father of 4 and grandfather of 12, with 1 on the way, I  understand the anxiety that rising education costs can have on our  American families.   Students go to school to get a job, not to wrangle with the Federal  Government over student loans. With student loan debt climbing to over  $1.5 trillion nationwide, we must do more to ensure students are aware  of the financial obligations of accepting a Federal student loan.   With over 40 years of business experience, I have applied for loans.  I have provided a business plan and proof of performance, showing that  I can repay those loans. And, over time, I have done just that.   However, in education, many students and families are not receiving  the necessary information about their loans and grants in order to make  responsible financial choices. I want students and families to clearly  understand that just because the Federal Government will give you a  loan, you do not have to take the full amount. The less in loans you  take out, the less you have to pay back.   H.R. 1635 addresses the lack of information provided for those taking  out student loans. Students and families will now receive counseling  every year and detailed loan information so that students have sound  decisionmaking tools when it comes to borrowing and repaying student  loans.   As cosponsor of H.R. 1635, I was also proud to introduce an amendment  that will allow any eligible institution to provide additional  information and counseling services to Federal student aid recipients.   In my district, hardly a day goes by that I don't run into a former  student who asks me: What am I going to do about this student loan  debt? And once I discover the consequences of their decisions, it makes  me more supportive of this legislation, so that these young people can  understand exactly what they are getting into.   We owe it to these American students to pass the legislation before  us today, and I hope that my colleagues will join me in supporting H.R.  1635.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, H.R. 1635 makes important improvements to  ensure that the Department of Education is doing its job when offering  loans to our students for their continued education.   Too many young people are coming out of school with a mountain of  student loan debt without having understood the full implications of  accepting such debt in the first place. Students receiving annual  counseling about the obligations of Federal student loans is long  overdue.   However, it is imperative that institutions of higher education do  their part to ensure that students consider Federal student loans as a  last resort. In fact, one of the questions that I asked in a committee  hearing is: Does anyone encourage students to work their way through  college anymore?   My amendment provides that nothing prohibits institutions from  providing additional financial counseling above what is already  included in the bill.   When it comes to government-backed loans, the goal of every higher  education institution should be to guarantee the success of their  students rather than burdening them with debt they cannot repay.   Many institutions are taking steps in the right direction to contain  costs, but the higher education community needs to step it up to lower  costs to ensure that our students are not graduating with an  unreasonable amount of debt and without a plan to pay it back.   The purpose of my amendment is to send a signal to the university  system that it should do more than the minimum required by law to  ensure students receive meaningful financial counseling.   Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of my amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from Oregon for her  support of this important amendment. I urge passage of my amendment,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   