 Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in singing the  praise of our staff. But let me just note--and, of course, I have had  great staff as well, Rick Dykema and Kathleen Staunton, who have been  with me the entire 30 years that I have been a Member of this body.   But staff, as well as the Members, we quite often take for granted  what does really enable us to conduct ourselves in this way. It is very  easy to overlook. The American people overlook it. We all overlook  this. And, that is, we take for granted the safety and security that we  operate in. No matter how good our staff is, no matter how great we  are, if we were not safe, we could not be conducting this business of  our democratic country.   Let us note that Officers Jacob Chestnut and Detective John Gibson  were two law enforcement officers who gave their lives while I have  been here in order to secure the safety we need to do the public  business. So as I leave this body, I would like to make sure they  know--I am sure they are listening from above and maybe their families  will hear--that there are Members who are grateful to the sacrifice  that they made. They gave their lives to keep a terrorist out of this  building that would have done damage or murdered Members.   So with that said, I have been here 30 years. I am overwhelmed with  gratitude toward the voters who sent me here and to God that gave me  the opportunity to live life that permitted the voters to elect me as  their representative in Washington.   I spent 7\1/2\ years in the Reagan White House with President Reagan,  and after that, from 1981 to 1988, I came directly into combat-- political combat of running for the House and was elected in 1988, and  I have served here since 1989.   It has been one of the most wonderful, glorious times. It is the best  life I could ever, ever have imagined. And I know a lot of people, they  gripe about the hours and sometimes some of the friction that happens  among debates over important issues, but I am so grateful to have this  chance.   And, again, there are so many people who are serving their country  who are not anywhere nearer to having the wondrous life that we have.  My father was a lieutenant colonel in the Marine Corps. He joined up  after Pearl Harbor to protect our country.   Again, a lot of people, when they see this happening, they don't  quite understand. This is what was given to us. There is sacrifice  behind us. There is sacrifice in the air of all these people who  sacrificed over our country's history, and especially my father's  generation, the great generation that gave us this freedom that is all  around us that you can feel it.   Thank God that I had a personal chance to participate in this  wondrous, wondrous gift that, yes, God, our Founding Fathers, and, yes,  our parents, in the greatest generation, gave us, and the other people  who now are overseas to this very day defending our right to conduct  ourselves this way.   So what a wonderful life I have had in these 30 years. I have had a  chance to participate and help shape America's space program, and I  have helped bring in commercial space so that we have private  investment to keep our space program operating at the high levels it  should be, actually leading mankind into space.   I was able to also work with the Democrats--and don't let people  think that there isn't cooperation here, because there is. Working on  the space program I worked with my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle.   And on the issue of cannabis, which I consider to be an important  issue today, because people are finally beginning to realize that the  idea of expending enormous resources and our time with our jails and  our own security in terms of police, locally and nationally and at the  State level, what a waste of those resources aimed at trying to prevent  an adult from consuming a weed. And at least I have been able to work  then--and also we now find that there are medical reasons that cannabis  should be legal. And I have worked with Members on the other side of  aisle to achieve a certain degree of progress in that area.   So with that said, let me just note that as people talk about the  lack of civility that we have now, there has always been fighting in a  free society. People have different ideas, and they are struggling, but  whenever we get tough in this body, whenever things would get tense and  people would be fighting on an issue and coming to grips with these  differences that free people can have, I would always look up. I always  say: ``The answer is looking up.''   And if you look up in this wonderful room that we do our business in  here, what do you see? You see an American Eagle and you see the slogan  of our country, ``e pluribus unum,'' which means all of us--we may be  different, we may have different ideas, different races, different  religions, different backgrounds, but we are one people and that  freedom of the one people comes together here on this floor, and I have  [[Page H10161]]  been so proud to be a part of that great debate to direct the future of  this country.   