 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be given 2  minutes before the vote and that Senator Leahy, from Vermont, be given  2 minutes if he so desires.    Mr. President, I will be brief here. I just want to mark  what we have accomplished here today and thank the many folks--Senators  and staff--who made it possible.   Mr. President, 1999--nearly 20 years ago--was the last time the  Senate passed nine appropriations bills by the end of August--1999.  Some of us are still here. This is the milestone here today that we are  about to mark with the passage of two appropriations bills and with the  most moneys than in any appropriations bill.   Earlier this year, we collectively called for a return to regular  order in the appropriations process because it was broken. The leaders  on both sides, Senator McConnell and Senator Schumer, provided us with  the opportunity to follow through. So I take a moment to thank both of  them for their leadership. I believe that we, together in the Senate,  are demonstrating that they made the right call.   I also recognize the vice chairman of the Appropriations Committee,  Senator Leahy, for his work in this regard. I can't say enough about  the importance of his role in passing appropriations bills in a  bipartisan manner, because that is the only way we are going to get  them done. I thank Senator Leahy, the vice chairman.   Senator Durbin, Senator Blunt, and Senator Murray also played vital  roles in what we have been doing here today. Their diligence and  commitment to work in a bipartisan manner have been essential in  passing the bills that are currently before the Senate. I thank all of  them for their work.   Last but not least, I thank my staff on the Defense Subcommittee. I  thank the majority clerk, Brian Potts, and his team: Jacqui Russell,  Katy Hagan, Colleen Gaydos, Mike Clementi, Chris Hall, Hanz Heinrichs,  Kate Kaufer, Will Todd, Carlos Elias, and Marisa Rhode. All of them  worked day and night to make this happen. Without their dedication and  expertise--and they have a lot of it--we would not be in a position  today to send a Defense spending bill, on time, to the President's  desk. I thank them for their work.   Finally, I thank all of my colleagues here on both sides of the aisle  for their  [[Page S5906]]  cooperation in passing these appropriations bills. I think it shows  what the Senate can do when it works together, and I hope we will  continue to do this. We all know it is not easy, but it works. I  believe it is the right thing for the American people.   Thank you.   