 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 5895 to  provide $2 million in additional critical funding for Bureau of  Reclamation environmental restoration projects that will benefit our  public health within a region such as the Salton Sea in my  congressional district in southern California.   The Bureau of Reclamation is responsible for managing, developing,  and restoring our Nation's waters to support the interests of the  American people, and there are few interests more important than  protecting the public's health.   To demonstrate why projects that support the public's health are so  important, I want to talk about the Salton Sea, the largest inland body  of water in the entire State of California.   Located in Riverside and Imperial Counties, the Salton Sea was once  the jewel of the southern California desert, drawing thousands of  tourists, birdwatchers, and other outdoors and water sports  enthusiasts.   Having grown up near the Salton Sea, I have wonderful memories of  going fishing there with my father and picnicking with my family.   However, for decades now, deteriorating water quality and reduced  water inflows have made the declining lake bed of the Salton Sea a  public health danger to the residents in the surrounding area. If we do  not take decisive action now, the sea will harm the public's health in  cities all across southern California.   You see, as the sea dries and the water level recedes, the exposed  lake bed releases windblown contaminants containing selenium, arsenic,  and pesticides. These are in small particulate matter small enough to  go through your lungs and straight into your bloodstream.   Exposure to these contaminants has been shown to increase the number  and severity of asthma attacks, decrease the growth and development of  lung function in school-age children, and increase the risk of cardiac  disease, heart attacks, and mortality in adults.   In fact, children in this underserved area already have the highest  pediatric asthma hospitalization rate in the entire State of  California. So adding this insult and adding this exposure is going to  be devastating for the surrounding pediatric population.   As an emergency medicine doctor, I care deeply about the health of  our communities and have seen firsthand the effects of poor air quality  in these underserved communities. So the public health danger to  families and children from the Salton Sea is very real and must be  addressed at all levels of government--local, State, and Federal--and  through public-private partnerships. We are making progress.   I also appreciate the committee's strong support of the memorandum of  understanding that I helped broker between the Department of the  Interior and the State of California to support the State's mitigation  plan by including report language in the underlying bill.   In addition to the Salton Sea, funding for the Bureau of Reclamation  supports restoration projects across the Western United States that  protect public health. For example, in Congressman  Ken Calvert's  district which neighbors my own district, the Bureau of Reclamation  helped to mitigate public health concerns and water quality issues at  Lake Elsinore.   Lake Elsinore, like the Salton Sea, has faced chronic challenges  relating to water level, water quality, and associated public health  concerns. However, a collaboration between the city of Lake Elsinore,  Elsinore Valley Municipal Water District, Riverside County, and the  Bureau of Reclamation came together to finally address these  challenges. Together they built levees to contain the lake, established  a supply of recycled water to help maintain water levels, and installed  aerators to prevent fish die-offs by keeping oxygen levels high.   So it can work. Lake Elsinore now supports many local businesses and  has a flourishing tourism industry. Most importantly, the water is now  safer for residents to enjoy all the benefits the lake has to offer,  including swimming and water sports.   There are countless other examples of Bureau of Reclamation  restoration projects helping to protect public health. That is why I  urge my colleagues to support my amendment and provide an additional $2  million to these types of projects. That is why, if we know that this  can work in other areas with pending public health crises, it can and  will work in my district with the Salton Sea if they are so fortunate  to receive some grant moneys and work in a collaborative way like Lake  Elsinore. The health of the American people must be put above politics.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I want to thank the chairman for not opposing. I  also want to thank the ranking member for yielding me the time and  allowing all of this to proceed.   On behalf of those children with pediatric asthma, on behalf of our  seniors with COPD, chronic bronchitis, and on behalf of the doctors who  work in emergency departments, I truly want to bring this awareness to  everybody here that this is a pending public health nightmare  catastrophe that, if we do nothing, will cost up to $9 billion to  address the effects--the public health and the economic effects--that  this will do. So putting money in the front end is going to save money  in the back end, and it is going to prevent the bad health of our  pediatric and our senior populations.   Mr. Chairman, I thank the leadership for both listening,  understanding, and proceeding with this amendment.  [[Page H4929]]    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment to H.R. 5895  to provide $1 million in additional critical funding for the VA to  conduct educational outreach to veterans about the Airborne Hazards and  Open Burn Pit Registry.   Our military uses burn pits to eliminate tons of waste, including  chemicals, plastics, medical waste, human waste, computers--you name  it--creating giant plumes of black smoke containing carcinogens,  particulate matter, and other toxins.   For years, the Department of Defense used burn pits in Iraq and  Afghanistan, even while recognizing that exposure to burn pits may pose  a health risk to our troops since about the late 1970s. Now veterans  all across the country--young veterans in their twenties and thirties-- are developing rare and severe pulmonary diseases, cancers, and  autoimmune diseases despite living healthy lifestyles, being healthy  enough to be sent to war, and not having any other risk factors.   This may bring up thoughts of Agent Orange that our Vietnam veterans  faced. Burn pits exposure and the negative health outcomes are being  described by our veterans as our modern-day Agent Orange, and we must  learn from our past mistakes and act now.   For more than a decade, veterans exposed to burn pits and their  families have been given the runaround to get the care they have earned  and deserve and to have their concerns taken seriously. My commonsense  amendment would provide additional funding for the VA to conduct an  educational outreach campaign on the burn pits registry to ensure more  veterans register.   The purpose of the registry is to collect data from veterans and  servicemembers exposed to burn pits to highlight health patterns and  create cohorts for research on the health effects of exposure.   Mr. Chair, 3.7 million veterans are eligible to enroll in the VA burn  pit registry; yet, after 4 years, only 144,000 veterans have enrolled.  That is only a dismal less than 4 percent enrollment rate. It is clear  that more outreach and education must be done to improve awareness  about the registry.   These additional funds will also improve health outcomes by raising  awareness for our veterans and their physicians so they can be on the  lookout for subtle changes in their health, including respiratory  issues, early signs of cancer, or even autoimmune diseases.   We have a responsibility to protect our men and women in uniform and  veterans from the harmful effects of exposure to burn pits. If there is  a high enough suspicion of a severe enough consequence, then we need to  act now.   The four things we need to do are:   One, stop our troops' exposure to burn pits out on the battlefield;   Two, outreach to doctors and veterans about the illnesses they may  face so they can be vigilant and seek and get the appropriate care;   Three, give veterans and servicemembers the treatment that they have  earned and deserve; and   Four, simultaneously do the research that is needed to understand the  full scope of the dangers associated with exposure to burn pits.   By investing in this educational campaign about the burn pits  registry, my amendment will help tackle two of these fronts by  improving outreach to veterans and providing the VA with a larger study  sample size to help determine the full scope of the negative health  effects linked to exposure.   I urge my colleagues, on behalf of Jennifer Kepner, a 39-year-old  mother of two who died of pancreatic cancer after being exposed to burn  pits, with no other risk factors, in Balad Air Force Base, I urge my  colleagues, on behalf of all the others who have died of cancer at a  young age and left behind families and those who have acquired  pulmonary fibrosis and permanent disabilities who are now requiring  oxygen, unable to work, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment  and to take concrete action to help those veterans who have been  exposed to burn pits. The health of our veterans must be put above  bureaucracy. We must help them get the answers and the healthcare  services that they need and deserve now.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the chairman and the ranking member  and all those who are in support of this specific amendment, who will  put our veterans above this bureaucracy and give them the care that  they need by expanding their access to this burn pit registry. I want  to, from the bottom of my heart, say thank you.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Mr. Carbajal, I have an  amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment with my  good friend from Santa Barbara, California, Congressman Salud Carbajal,  to address an issue impacting veterans that prevents them from  accessing healthcare services they have earned and deserve.   Right now, veterans calling their community-based outpatient clinics  to make an appointment are automatically routed to central, busy call  centers at major VA medical centers. This makes no sense.   This means that veterans end up waiting sometimes more than an hour,  especially in Carbajal's district, to be connected to a scheduler, and  that is if they can get through at all.   Additionally, some community-based outpatient clinics are not  following up with veterans after the initial call at the busy hospital  calling center, forcing veterans to find transportation to actually  travel to the clinic just to make their appointment. As a result, many  veterans get fed up and stop pursuing the care that they need out of  frustration and lack of accessibility.   Our Nation's veterans deserve timely access to healthcare services.  They should be able to make their medical appointments or at least  speak to somebody without having to wait an hour on the phone.   This amendment directs the Secretary to ensure the VA phone system  allows veterans to directly call their local community-based outpatient  centers for appointments at those facilities, rather than having all  calls be routed to the major busy VA medical centers.   In short, it would reduce call wait times for veterans in Congressman  Carbajal's district, in my district, in your districts, and districts  throughout our Nation.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, wonderful. This is a very easy, commonsense  fix to a problem that our veterans face. They wait too long, they get  fed up, they are not getting the followup that they need, and all this  does is allows them to call the actual place where they need their  appointments to schedule an appointment with them.   So I would really like to thank Chairman Carter and Ranking Member  Wasserman Schultz for not opposing this amendment and for their support  and for their support of veterans in the underlying bill.   I would also like to recognize and thank Congressman Carbajal and his  staff for their work, and his efforts to improve the lives of veterans  in his district, in my district, and all of our districts. I also want  to thank my staff for their work on this amendment?   I urge a ``yes'' vote on this amendment to help ensure veterans have  easy access to healthcare benefits that they have earned and deserve,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   