 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, there has been a lot of coverage over the  last couple of months and years really--but certainly in the last few  days--about the topic of China, ZTE, and trade. I have had a lot of  questions about it, both in the hallways from the press and  constituents back home and even from family and friends who have  inquired what all the ruckus is about. I thought this was a good  opportunity to lay out for my constituents and broadly for the American  people what is at stake.   The first thing I would encourage everyone to do is to separate the  two issues, the issue of trade with China and the issue of a specific  company called ZTE, which is a phone company--a telecommunications  company in the cell industry based in China. They were the fourth  largest cell phone company in America, up until very recently when they  struggled to stay in business. We will talk about that in a moment, but  let's talk about those two things separately. They are not necessarily  interrelated.   On the broader topic of trade and China, the United States has an  enormous imbalance in trade--as we do with other countries but none  like we do in China. A trade imbalance, by the way, in and of itself,  is not problematic. It really depends on what has caused it, but the  trade imbalance with China is problematic because of how it has  happened.   China was basically poor, underdeveloped, under a Communist  dictatorship, and decided it wanted to open up to the world and become  more economically prosperous many years ago.   The deal the world made with China is, we are going to help you  develop economically. You are going to open up. We are going to help  you invest. We are going to help you create opportunity. We are going  to let your companies invest in our economies.   There are rules in the world for trade. There are things that are  allowed and things that are not allowed. For example, you are not  allowed to steal another company's secrets. If another company has  figured out how to make something, that is proprietary. They own it,  they developed it, they spent money creating it, and you are not  allowed to go there and steal that from them and start making it  yourself.   You can't have rules that say your companies cannot sell in my  country, but our country can do whatever we want in your country. There  are rules. China has never played by those rules, and everybody knew  it. Nobody disputed it. Administrations from both parties, the  consensus politically in America was go ahead. Let's let China cheat.  Let them keep stealing things because once China becomes richer and  more prosperous, they will stop doing that stuff. As soon as China's  economy grows big enough, not only will they stop doing all that, but  they will become a democracy.   Everyone who said that was wrong. That is not what has happened. They  are less Democratic, less open today than they used to be, and they are  no longer just stealing little secrets to be in the same ballpark. They  are stealing $600 billion a year of intellectual property. Six hundred  billion dollars a year is equivalent to what we spend on the U.S.  military. They are stealing the equivalent of that every single year.   How do they do it? First of all, just straight-out espionage. Time  and again, they hack computers, they hack emails. They have spies  embedded inside companies. They straight-out steal it through  espionage.   The second thing they do to protect their industries and grow at our  expense is, they don't allow many of our companies to do business in  China--huge market. Their companies get to do business here, but they  don't allow our companies to do business there--some companies.   They do allow other companies to do business in China, but here is  the deal. If you do business in China, it has to be a joint venture  with a Chinese company--51 percent Chinese, 49 percent American  company. On top of that, there is another catch. If you want to do  business in China with a Chinese company, you have to transfer your  technology to them. If you want to build turbines, we will let you  build turbines in China, but you have to transfer to us the technology  of how you do it.   Do you know why they do that? Because once they figure out how to do  it themselves, they don't need their American partner anymore. They  kick you out, and now they are your competitor and may even put you out  of business. That has happened many times. If they don't achieve it by  forcing you to transfer, then they straight-out steal it from you.   They also buy up small companies. We have a law here that is called  CFIUS process. When a foreign company, especially from a country like  China, is buying in a key industry, it undergoes this review to make  sure it is not a deal where they could be taking secrets that are tied  to national security.  [[Page S2851]]    They figured it out. They are just buying small American companies, a  bunch of them, in many cases, that are under the level that we look at,  these subcontractors, and finding their way in that way.   Suffice it to say that we have a very serious imbalance with China,  but the imbalance is not the dollars. The imbalance is in the structure  of trade between China and the United States. That is why we don't need  a short-term trade deal. This is not about saying: All right. Go ahead  and buy more of our agriculture. You guys go buy more of the stuff you  were going to buy more of anyway because you need to. In exchange, you  get to keep doing what you are doing now, and there will not be any  tariffs.   That is a short-term deal. It might be a good headline. You can claim  that you won, but in the end, it doesn't do anything to change it. In  fact, it leaves us worse off. You might as well have not even gotten  into this in the first place. You have actually strengthened them even  more.   Let me tell you how they win this fight. They go to all those  American multinational corporations, many of whom are just interested  in how their stock is performing from quarter to quarter, and say to  them: Lobby your Congressman, lobby your Senator, lobby the White  House, and convince them to drop all of this.   They do it because what these companies want is to have access to the  1.3 billion people. They don't care if they are only 49 percent of the  company in China. They don't care if they are stealing their  intellectual property. By the time that matters, the CEO and the people  making that decision will be long ago retired, with a huge golden  parachute bonus because they delivered a bunch of quarters of earnings.  That is so shortsighted.   They may not care about it, but those of us who work here have to  because we do not want to live in a world where China dominates  industry, not because they outinnovated us or worked harder, but  because they stole it from us.   By the way, the Chinese have figured all of this out. They have  figured out exactly how to get things done in American politics. They  don't lobby the government. They lobby the business sector. Then, all  these large corporations go marching onto Capitol Hill and into the  White House and scream and plead to drop all this. Of course they do  because they are going to make a lot of money in China over the next 5  or 6 years.   A lot of these companies are one day going to be out of business. It  is short-term thinking. Their obligations are to their shareholders.  Their shareholders are not all Americans. Our obligations are to the  American people and America's future.   This is disastrous. We need a structural rebalance, not just a dollar  rebalance. China is not a developing country. It is the second largest  economy in the world. It will soon be the largest economy in the world.  Yet we continue to let them cheat and steal. That is the trade issue.   ZTE is something completely different--related but completely  different. Let me tell you about ZTE. ZTE broke the law. ZTE sold goods  and services to Iran and to North Korea. They violated sanctions. They  tried to cover it up, and they got caught. When they got caught, they  got hit with a fine and were told they need to fire the people who  tried to cover it up and the people who did this. They paid the fine,  but they did not fire the people who did this. Do you know what they  did instead? They gave them bonuses, and they tried to cover that up.   The Commerce Department said: Fine. We caught you. We made a deal  with you. You broke that deal. Now the penalty is, you cannot buy  American semiconductors. That was the penalty. We are not going to  sell you any more semiconductors for 7 years. ZTE says it is going to  put them out of business because they do depend on us for  semiconductors.    Now we are reading there is a new deal in place, potentially. The new  deal is not official, but I have read it, and it has been reported. The  new deal is this. We are going to let you stay in business. Pay a fine,  $1 billion or this morning I heard $1.3 billion, and $1.3 billion is  nothing for a company backed by the Government of China. The Chinese  Government will pay it for them. Are you kidding me? Only $1.3 billion  to continue to stay in business and one day replace America in  telecommunications? That is nothing.   The other sanction--guess what it is. We are going to force you to  buy more things from America.   That is not a punishment. That is a reward. That is exactly what they  want. That was the sanction. The sanction was they couldn't buy more  from us because they can't stay in business unless they buy from us.  The punishment is going to be, instead of punishing you by denying you  semiconductors, we are going to really punish you by forcing you to buy  more semiconductors from America.   They were going to do that anyway. That is a reward, not a  punishment. That is a terrible deal. Some people say that is a deal  that is tied into the broader trade deal, another terrible deal.   If I were China, I would give us anything we want on ZTE in exchange  for being able to continue to undermine the American economy, but it  goes deeper than that. Here is the other problem with ZTE. If it is  just one company, it is one thing. China intends to dominate the world  in the key technologies of the 21st century--aerospace, biotech,  quantum computing, artificial intelligence, 5G, and telecommunications.  They are going to dominate the world.   Do you know why I know that? It isn't because I read some fancy  article. It isn't because I am on the Intel Committee. It isn't because  of a hearing. It isn't because of a meeting. Do you know how I know  that? Because China says it. They have a plan called China 2025, Made  in China 2025.   Here is what the plan basically means. By the year 2025, China will  be the dominant country in the world in these 10 to 12 industries,  which happen to be the 10 to 12 industries that are going to determine  the fate of the 21st century. Biotech basically means genetic medicine,  the ability to cure diseases like Alzheimer's disease and others that  are going to be a plague on the world in the years to come. Aerospace  means technology for space. It also means aircraft and the like. They  don't intend to be competitive in those fields. They intend to dominate  those fields.   You may say: Well, what is wrong with that? Countries can want to  dominate fields. It is fine.   If you are going to become the dominant power in the world in these  key technologies, you have every right to do so but not by breaking the  rules. That is how they are doing it.   What is China doing in order to dominate the world in 2025? To their  credit, they invest a lot of money in research and development. They  also invest a lot of money in stealing whatever we have already done.  Think about it. America invests taxpayer money. We innovate something.  We innovate it. After we spend all of your money innovating these  things, they take it from us and steal it. It costs them nothing to  start out exactly where we are after years and years of work.   Think about that for a moment. That is an enormous competitive  advantage. They have free research funding by the American taxpayer.  They steal it.   What else do they do? They do other things. How do they steal it, you  may ask. One of the ways they steal it is through telecommunications.  They are trying to embed themselves in our telecommunications system.  Here is how. They know, for example, the U.S. Government or a defense  contractor are not going to buy a ZTE phone, but they have a solution  for that. The solution is, they sell the ZTE phone, the exact same  phone with the exact same components inside of it--the things they can  turn on and off to listen to us or take emails or documents or whatever  they need, and they sell the exact same phone to an American  telecommunications provider. The American telecommunications provider  puts their sticker on it so you think you are buying not a ZTE phone  but a phone that belongs to an American company, and they sell it--it  is called white labeling--or a router. Huawei has a router. The  Department of Defense or the government is not going to put a Huawei  router in a sensitive place. That is fine. They will sell it to an  American company. That company will take off Huawei and put on their  sticker, and  [[Page S2852]]  you have a router controlled by a Chinese company that is beholden to  Chinese intelligence. Even if they wanted to not cooperate, they don't  have a choice.   When they tell them, we want you to go into that router and get the  secrets of this company or the secrets of the U.S. Government, not only  do they have to do it, they will do it, especially if it is in  telecommunications. That is happening right now. They embed themselves  in our telecommunications system that way through white labeling.   The other thing they do is they use their American subcontracting  unit. Again, they know no one is going to hire them to build a military  base and put the wire in it. You hire an American company. That is the  prime contractor. They come in as a subcontractor to the prime  contractor, and they are the ones doing the work. We think we hired an  American company, but the work is being done by a subcontractor  controlled by ZTE or Huawei or any of these other companies. That is  another way they do it.   I am telling you, we are going to wake up one day and realize that in  our own country, embedded in our telecommunications system--in our  cable, in our routers, in our internet--are a bunch of component pieces  that not only leave vulnerable our Department of Defense but our  business community. To what? To stealing corporate secrets and  commercial secrets that allow them to take the research America has  done and use it as their starting point free of cost. This is not  fantastic. This is why people are so fired up about ZTE. This is not a  game.   Somebody just sent me an article a few minutes ago. I don't know  which one of the publications it was. It was talking about me and  taking on the President on ZTE. This is not a political game. It has  nothing to do with that. This is not about politics. Do we not  understand where we are headed? You have a country that is actively  saying we are going to displace you. We are going to be the most  powerful country in the world, and we are going to do that at your  expense. We are here talking about all kinds of other crazy things or  political reporters cover this through a political lens. This is not a  game.   Do you know why China wins these negotiations? Because they don't  play these games. They know what this is about. They have a 10-year  plan, a 20-year plan, a 50-year plan. We can't even think 48 hours  ahead. Everything here is about a political issue. It is not a game.  Whether you want to believe it or not, every single one of us was  elected. We participated in politics. I think most of us, if not all of  us, do not want to live in a world in 10, 15, 20 years on our watch,  where some other country now dominates the world at our expense, where  we now work for them, we now are beholden to them for everything from  medicines to technologies, and we were here when it happened and didn't  do anything about it because we were loyal to our party or because we  were too busy focused on--well, just turn on the news when we have a  massive threat before us.   By the way, this is the stuff historians write about. A hundred years  from now, we will all look like fools because, if you are just watching  this on an hour-by-hour basis, it is not a big story. Yet, 100 years  from now, when someone writes the history of the 21st century and we  have let this happen, they are going to write about us. They are going  to say that we were fiddling while Rome was burning, that we were  allowing the Chinese to take over the world at our expense and displace  us because we were too busy doing all kinds of other things.   By the way, this is not just about business. When you turn on some of  the networks that cover the stock market, they cover this like a  casino. Oh, the trade thing is doing better today, so the stocks are up  or the stocks are down. Forget about that for a moment. You can make  all of the profits you want over the next 3 to 6 months. I promise you,  if this continues, in 10 or 15 years, you will not be watching the U.S.  stock market; you will be watching the Chinese market, and it will be  determining whether our companies survive. It will be we on the  outside, looking in.   Then Americans are going to wonder: Why do we no longer invent great  things? Why do we now have to do whatever China wants in the world in  order to get the medicines we need to cure my mom or my dad's  Alzheimer's?   The answer will be, when they were displacing us, your policymakers  were too busy arguing with each other and playing dumb, ridiculous  games on a regular basis. Meanwhile, China was focused like a laser on  a plan, and it executed it.   This is not a game. I can think of no more significant issue from the  perspective of history than what is happening now. Do not misunderstand  me. I do not come here to say that I want to be unnecessarily  aggressive with China or that I want there to be a confrontation. China  is going to be a rich and a powerful country, and we have no problem  with that--we can't have any problem with that--but there has to be a  balance. It cannot be a China that is rich and powerful and an America  that is weak and not prosperous.   Those imbalances are what create wars. Those imbalances are what  create misery. Those imbalances are what destabilize the planet. That  can't be. We need to recalibrate this relationship. It needs to be  rebalanced on the trade side. It needs to be protective on our national  security side. It needs to be equalized. If it is, China can still be  very successful. It is going to invent things. It is going to create  jobs. It is going to become more prosperous. That is fine. We have been  doing that for 100 years.   Every person who is sitting in the Gallery, every person here in the  well of the Senate and on the Senate floor--everyone you know--has a  product on him--a phone, a belt--that has been made in another country.  The issue is not that other countries make things and that we don't.  The issue is not about our dominating everything. It is about balance,  and this is not balanced. This is headed for a dramatic imbalance. The  imbalance used to be that they made cheap things and sent them back to  us so we had lower prices. That is what has happened for the last 30  years. They have made cheaper T-shirts; they have assembled the phones  more cheaply; and they have shipped them back to the United States,  which has led to lower prices. That is not the imbalance I am talking  about.   The imbalance we are headed for is that they will control state-of- the-art artificial intelligence, that they will control state-of-the- art quantum computing, which will mean that nothing will be encrypted  anymore, which will mean that there will be no such thing as secure  cars left. One day, the President of the United States will not be able  to talk to his national security officials anywhere in the world  without the Chinese hearing it. No matter what encryption you will put  in, they will break it with a quantum computer. That is the imbalance I  am talking about.   The imbalance I am talking about is when, one day, we will have a  dispute with China on something--on national security somewhere in the  world--and it will threaten to cut off our supply of biomedicines. In  essence, it will threaten the lives of Americans in their not getting  medicine unless we cave to China's desires. That is the imbalance I am  talking about.   The imbalance I am talking about is one where it dominates aerospace,  where it is the nation that controls satellites and satellite  communication, where it is the nation that controls 5G. We are headed  toward autonomous vehicles. Autonomous vehicles will depend on 5G  technology. China will dominate the world in 5G, and we will depend on  it. So we are going to build a fleet of autonomous trucks and  autonomous cars, and none of them will work if the Chinese decided to  shut it down because they will dominate that field. That is the  imbalance I am talking about.   If this all sounds fantastic or apocalyptic, look it up. Research it.  I promise you that you will not find a single person who is versed on  this topic who will disagree with what I am saying. This is the threat  that we face, and we are not facing it squarely.   I would advise those who cover this issue to stop covering it as a  political issue. There are some things that are so important to this  country that I don't care what the politics are, and most of my  colleagues don't either. These are definitional things that will define  the 21st century.  [[Page S2853]]    I would advise us not to cover this as a purely economic issue  because there is a way to grow the trade gap in the short term. We can  sell China a lot more of the things it is willing to buy anyway. It  doesn't intend to lead the world in those things in exchange for its  dominating us in the long run. Get rid of the short-term thinking, and  start thinking our competitor has a    50-, a 100-, a 20-, and a 5-year  plan, and we don't even know what we are going to be talking about next  week.   It is time to wake up to this threat because we have two ways  forward. There can be a balanced relationship between two great powers  that leads to a world that is stable and secure and prosperous or we  can have an imbalanced world in which the rising power of China is at  the direct expense of a falling status quo power in the United States.  That instability will lead to conflict and a way of life for Americans  that we will find unacceptable. Then it will be too late. Then we will  have to explain, maybe, to our children and, most certainly, to our  grandchildren why the America we grew up in--that led the world in all  of the great innovations and in all of the great ideas, that provided  prosperity to millions of people here and around the world--and the  America they get to grow up in is a second-tiered power while China  dominates everything that matters.   If you think that is not a big deal, one of the reasons democracy has  spread across the planet is that the world's most powerful country has  been a democracy. If the world's most powerful and dominant nation on  Earth is a dictatorship--a country that has no respect for privacy, a  country that has no respect for free speech, a country that has no  respect for religious liberty of its open people, a country that has no  regard for human rights anywhere in the world--what do you think the  world is going to look like in 20 or 30 years? It is not going to be a  better place.   Democracy is morally superior to autocratic regimes. We should not be  afraid to say that. If for no other reason--if you want to put aside  economics for a moment and confront it from that angle--we cannot allow  an autocratic dictatorship to dominate the global economy and global  technology by stealing from us at the expense of the democratic order  in the world. Democracies are morally superior to dictatorships. If we  allow China to cheat and steal its way into dominance, there will be  more dictatorships and fewer democracies on this planet, and we will  all pay a price for that.   I urge everyone to take this issue seriously. I urge the President to  listen carefully to those in his own administration who understand this  threat for what it is holistically, and I urge them to move in a  direction that recalibrates the structure of our relationship with  China economically and that does not allow not just ZTE but numerous  other telecom companies to continue to grow and spy at our expense.   That is what I encourage them to do, and that is the right thing to  do for the future of this country, not some short-term deal that makes  us feel good and potentially gets a positive headline in the short term  but what historians will condemn as the beginning of the end of  America's place in the world as its most influential Nation.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   