 Mr. Chairman, I wish my friends on the Ways and Means  Committee would actually do something about the illegal subsidization  that is going on in the sugar industry in the world instead of coming  here and complaining about a program that actually works.   I have the biggest sugar district in the country. The people who grow  sugar in my district are small farmers. They use their own money to  build the plant. It is probably 25 percent of the economy in the north  part of my district.   All this amendment would do is give these jobs and this market away  to other countries that are subsidizing their people more than we are  in the United States. And they are working these plants with child  labor, slave labor, in these other places.   Is that what you want to do? Give away our jobs to places where there  are no environmental regulations?   You go down to Brazil. They are making sugar out of sugarcane. They  are burning it with gas. It goes right into the atmosphere. There is no  EPA. There are no regulations whatsoever. They are putting this  vinasse, which is like oil, right into the river.   And we are going to get rid of an industry in the United States that  is doing a good job? It is the lowest cost producer in the world, and  we are going to give it up because other people are cheating?   Now, people say that this thing costs money. It only cost money 1  year, and the reason is because the Mexicans dumped in our market and  our government didn't do anything about it. When we finally got the  suspension agreement in place, then we were able to get this thing  stabilized.   So this is an amendment that is not needed. This is a program that  works. The reason we have this program is to protect ourselves from all  these other countries that are subsidizing their industries more than  we are in the United States.   We are the lowest cost producer in my district. We are the lowest  cost producer of anyplace in the world. We can compete, but we can't  compete against governments that are dumping money in and not following  environmental regulations and not following child labor laws. We can't  compete against that.   So please vote down this amendment. It is something that is not  necessary and is not needed.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  oppose this amendment.   I was here in 1996 when we tried something similar to this. It wasn't  as extreme, but it was supposed to save us a little bit of money.   Does the gentleman remember?   It ended up costing us five times more than what we saved because it  didn't work.   This is a fantasy that is out there for some people. People have no  clue how much it costs to farm nowadays, what kind of risks you take in  farming. And if you want to make sure that we have a few people farm  this whole country, this is the way to do it, because, without crop  insurance, without these other backstops, young people and ordinary  people will not be able to farm. The people who will farm are people  with deep pockets, and that is not what we want in this country.   I oppose this amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the  amendment, although I don't oppose the amendment.    Mr. Chair, this is common sense, and I support this  amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I have been to Alaska with Mr. Young a number of times and know the  culture up there and what is going on. This is a good amendment. I  think it makes a lot of sense for Alaska, and I support it. So I  encourage my colleagues to support this amendment.   