 Mr. President, let me first thank my friend from  Oklahoma. We often disagree; indeed, we often violently disagree on  matters of environmental issues. But we have been teammates--indeed,  close teammates on the chemical safety legislation, which has been  passed into law; on water resources bills, which have been passed into  law; and on the last highway bill, which was passed into law. The  lesson I take from that is, in the Senate, we can disagree, and we can  disagree violently, but where we agree, push the throttles forward and  get it done.    I will.    I appreciate very much the Senator's words of  goodwill, and it aligns very well with the note of optimism that I want  to open on after last night's vote.   Last night's vote provoked the first real conversations--the first  real, bipartisan conversations about this continuing resolution that I  have seen. People all around the country watching C-SPAN saw right  there on the Senate floor the Senators pooling about each other, the  conversations, the back-and-forth, the intermediaries going in between  the leaders. They saw live what the Senate should have been doing for  weeks, which is to work in a bipartisan fashion toward a compromise.  When starting at 20 minutes to midnight, it is hard to work it all the  way through.   My strong hope is that the energy and the spirit of bipartisanship  that was evident right down here in the well last night persists  through this weekend and as long as necessary to get a bipartisan deal  accomplished. We have the weekend to do it, we probably even have  Monday to do it, and we should get about our business.   We can also be optimistic that the measures that the Democrats want  to include are bipartisan. We are not trying to jam one-side-only  poison pills through; we are trying to get attention to long overdue  matters where there is a bipartisan solution.   There is something of a backstory to where we are right now, so I  want to mention it. I have obviously considerable sympathy for Majority  Leader McConnell's predicament with a President who takes opposite  positions within hours. How does one negotiate with that?   ``Give me a bipartisan deal and I will take the heat,'' the President  said. He has since blown up anything bipartisan that came anywhere near  him. Majority Leader McConnell is reduced to saying: I don't know what  the President will sign, and I can't act until I know. Well, I think  last night shows that we actually can begin to act here in the Senate  even if the President can't get his signals straight about where he  wants us to come.   I can't help but remember Senator Graham's description in our  Judiciary Committee of President Trump's reversal on the Durbin-Graham  proposal. He described it in 2 hours--he described the 10 o'clock Trump  and the 12 o'clock Trump, and within 2 hours, he completely reversed  his position. Senator Graham said ``I want that guy back'' about the 10  o'clock Trump.   It is very hard to negotiate with someone who doesn't know what his  position is, so I do have sympathy, and I hope the White House sits  down and has a negotiation with itself so that it can decide what it  wants.   The other problem over at the White House is that the President has  surrounded himself with extremists, and that means that nobody knows  how to negotiate. And the advice he is getting doesn't serve him. You  really don't do deals--I think virtually anybody in politics knows  this--by bringing in the most extreme elements to shout at each other;  you do deals by bringing in people who have good faith and a common  interest in solving the problem together. If all you have around you  are extremists, you have dramatically crippled and shrunk your own  capabilities--unless, of course, what you wanted all along is what the  extremists want: ``a good shutdown.''   There is another backstory going on that I want to discuss. This is a  fight over maybe a dozen legislative issues, but it is also a fight  over the institution of the Senate and how far we will let the Senate  degrade into a partisan dead zone. In the oceans, we see more and more  dead zones where there isn't  [[Page S367]]  enough oxygen to support life, so there aren't fish and there isn't the  mixing and the turbulence that are necessary for the mixing of life and  oxygen. The Senate seems to be slowly turning into that dead zone.   We know what works around here because the majority leader has a long  history of fighting to get it, to make sure that the minority has  amendments and to try to block things that are exclusively partisan.  Indeed, at various times, he has encouraged his caucus to avoid joining  Democrats on any bills, so that they are partisan, so that he can block  them. So we have lived the experience of the majority leader's interest  in amendments and in opposition to purely partisan legislation. We have  also heard it, and in the majority leader's own words, he has called  for a Senate ``which honors and respects all the members and allows  everybody to participate and offer their ideas, regardless of party.''  He went on to say: ``That's something that the majority leader can do  and I intend to do it.''   How do you do that? Well, he went on to say in another interview that  the way to do that is ``to ensure that everyone has an opportunity to  participate in some way in the passage'' of the legislation. To be  specific, he said, ``bills should come to the floor, be thoroughly  debated, and include a robust amendment process''--a robust amendment  process. He went on: ``The answer is to let [the Senate] debate; to let  the Senate work its will. And that means bringing bills to the floor.  It means having a free and open amendment process.'' He also said: ``We  want to engage members from both parties in the legislative process, to  get our democracy working again the way it was designed.''   With that background, let's look at Trump year 1. The opener  legislatively in the year was the partisan budget reconciliation bill,  a purely partisan measure whose only purpose was to open the door to  further purely partisan measures under the budget reconciliation  process. So we opened with that partisan process. Having opened that  door, sure enough, we went on to partisan ObamaCare repeal, which  failed, and they tried again, over and over, but always partisan,  whatever the effort. Then we went back to partisan budget  reconciliation 2 to tee up a partisan opening for a partisan tax bill.  Then, of course, we had the partisan tax bill.   There was one briefly shining light on the national defense  authorization. Chairman McCain and Ranking Member Reed in the Armed  Services Committee led a robust, bipartisan amendment process that  brought the committee together and brought forward a bill that I think  everybody in the Senate could be proud of, but when it got to the  floor, here on the Senate floor, not one Democrat was allowed a floor  vote on any amendment.   So the grand total for the year for the U.S. Senate, setting aside  the budget and vote-arama amendments, which, in my view, don't count-- that whole process is a joke. That simply tees up a reconciliation  measure that allows further partisanship. So set those aside because  they don't count. In real legislation, how many amendments has the  minority been able to get on the floor? The grand total all year long,  ever since Trump was elected last year, to this year, is a grand total  of zero. Zero Democratic amendments considered on the Senate floor  since Trump--not one.   Compare that to all the things I just read that the Senate majority  leader promised on amendments--that bills should come to the floor, be  thoroughly debated, and include a robust amendment process; that the  answer is to let folks debate, to let the Senate work its will, and  that means bringing bills to the floor, and it means having a free and  open amendment process. To paraphrase Senator Graham, I want that guy  back.   When the leader shuts down the amendment process, it is not just the  minority party that suffers. Republicans also, under Trump, have gotten  virtually zero floor amendments voted on all year long.   That leaves the Senate exclusively with partisan ram jobs, which is  what we have seen a lot of, and UCs--unanimous consent agreements-- things so noncontroversial that they can avoid the dead zone of the  McConnell Senate floor and be agreed to by everyone and passed into  law. That is a worthy process, but it is not a process that is going to  yield a solution to the big controversies we need to resolve here in  this world's greatest deliberative body.   This problem of no open process and no amendments is a problem for  all of us. When we get all tangled up in leadership chess games, all  Senators lose their ability to represent their States. Power gets  concentrated in the leader.   I remember Senator Sessions, on the floor over there--I was actually  in the Presiding Officer's chair on some of the occasions when Senator  Sessions was animatedly discussing his concern and irritation with what  the masters of the universe were doing in secret rooms that he did not  have access to. This is a bipartisan frustration. We all become cogs in  the majority leader's leadership chess match, and we all have common  cause in going back to a place where the leader helps the Senate work  its will, not where leaders impose their will on the Senate.   The Senate is broken. Over and over again that has been said on the  Senate floor, and by no one more articulately than by Senator Durbin.  The longer you have been around--Senators Durbin and Alexander  particularly--when you remember what it was like, it is much more  apparent how broken it is. And for whose benefit? For big donors, so  they can call the shots through the leadership? For the leadership  thrill of being a bigger player in DC's ``Game of Thrones''?   This ought not just be a Democratic revolt against the mess we are  in. Republican Senators are often just as neutered as their minority  colleagues when all power moves to the majority leader. Zero  amendments--not a single minority amendment in the entire year on real  legislation--ought to be a symptom that concerns everyone. And I don't  know what Republicans got--two, maybe three amendments in an entire  year? How many Republican Senators are there who have never had an  amendment of theirs called up and voted on on the Senate floor?   Let me add one additional point against this looming specter of a  shutdown. Speaker Ryan sent over a bill last night that we voted on  last night that he knew was going to fail. I am a junior Senator here,  and I had last night's vote predicted exactly. With all the powers of  the Speaker of the House, with his direct line to his fellow  Republican, the majority leader, is it plausible to think that what  happened last night in the Senate was any kind of a surprise to the  Speaker of the House? Of course not.   We know from Senator Schumer and Leader Pelosi that there was not  even consultation with Democrats about the contents of the CR last  night--no negotiations, nothing, a partisan ram job that the Speaker  had to know would fail when he sent it over. Imagine the cynicism.  Imagine the cynicism, with the shutdown of the government looming, of  sending to the Senate a partisan bill you know will fail, teeing up a  shutdown just so you can tee up a blame war about the shutdown you  knowingly provoked. That is ``House of Cards'' cynical stuff.   Let me wrap up by saying that the Senate balance is about as close as  it could be. Moreover, Democrats in the Senate represent 40 million  more Americans than our Republican colleagues do. When the Senate  majority is microscopic and you represent a minority of the American  people, dictating terms to the Senate minority as if this were the  Soviet Duma is not justifiable, and it is destroying the Senate. We on  our side have been rolled and we have been rolled and we have been  rolled, and there is no end in sight. The Senate of the United States  has been turned into a dead zone--the McConnell-partisan dead  zone. Those strategies amass power into the leader's hands, away from  Republican and Democratic Senators alike, but that breaks all the  promises the majority leader made about amendments and regular order,  and that is destroying this institution--this institution that we love.  You simply cannot have both bipartisanship and utter dominion by the  majority leader at the same time. That just can't coexist; it is  impossible. You cannot have an open amendment process and utter  dominion by the majority leader at the same time.    If the majority leader insists on being, to use Senator Sessions'  phrase, the ``master of the universe,'' what does that leave for  everyone else? Well, we have seen what it leaves on our  [[Page S368]]  side: zero amendments, zero consultation, no input, no bipartisanship  ever.   Why should the great affairs of government be worked out in private  meetings of two or five or eight? Those rooms may not be smoke-filled  any longer, but the atmosphere is just as unhealthy without the smoke.  The atmosphere is just as unhealthy when so much gets done in the dark,  and so many Senators, who are not the master of the universe, are  reduced to begging and pleading to their leader to have favors slipped  into the backroom deal. That is not the way the Senate should work.  Smoke or no smoke, that is not healthy, but too many Senators, too many  Members have never even breathed the fresh air of a healthy Senate.  Like the pit ponies of the old coal mines, they trudge and they haul in  darkness, trudging and hauling in the darkness so long they don't know  what daylight looks like, but Senators like Dick Durbin and Lamar  Alexander, who remember what daylight looks like, are here to remind us  how healthy a process that should be.   Remember, in a Senate in which the minority party--the barely  minority party, I should add--is not for an entire year able to get  even one amendment voted on, on one piece of meaningful legislation, in  a Senate like that, everybody loses or maybe I should say virtually  everybody loses. Unanimous consent, partisan ram job, or nothing is no  way to govern and no way to run a Senate.   I yield the floor.   