 Mr. Speaker, we can only imagine what the President  and Sean Hannity talk about every night on the phone. The two TV hosts  have a lot to discuss, I am sure.   Maybe they talk about their mutual lawyer, Michael Cohen, and what he  might or might not have in his files that could incriminate one or both  of them. Or maybe they just discuss their mutual admiration for Russian  dictator Putin.   We can be reasonably sure that neither of them spends too much time  discussing things they have done for which they are ashamed or things  they have done or said for which they should apologize.   All of that blathering this past week about whether the White House  or the President would apologize for comments by a White House staffer  about a gravely ill American war hero, Senator John McCain, was just  wasted breath, if you ask me. In our President, we have someone who  does not ever apologize or regret something he or his staff has done,  no matter how egregious.   This week, the White House is not alarmed that a senior staff made  light of Senator McCain's illness and life expectancy but, rather, that  the comment about the former prisoner of war, an American hero, was  made public.   Clearly, someone on the White House staff who heard the comment knew  it was wrong--just wrong. Moreover, they recognized the comment was  emblematic of the attitude at the White House, from the President on  down, and thought the Nation and the world should know about it.   But it was the leak of accurate information from inside the White  House that raised the ire of the President, not the fact that someone  said things really awful about a true American hero.   We should know by now that this President and his henchmen do not  apologize:   Tweeting racist videos from rightwing British groups? Nah, no  apology.   Booting able-bodied Americans who want to serve their country out of  the military because they are transgender? Not even.   Bragging about sexually assaulting women by grabbing their private  parts? Well, he came close to apologizing, but not really.   Some speculate that being unapologetic is just the President's brand.  He is brash, and he says mean things and doesn't back down because  doing so would make him look weak, and revealing his weakness in public  is clearly among the President's greatest fears.   The President and his late night phone buddy, Sean Hannity, remember?  They complained about the last President being too apologetic.   But looking tough to cover up a fear of inferiority is only one  explanation for why this President does not apologize. He often doesn't  apologize because he thinks he was right in the first place, like when  he said there were good people on both sides of the Nazi rally in  Charlottesville where a woman was murdered by racist KKK extremists.   The President is not going to apologize, and not because it would  make him look weak in the case of Charlottesville, but because he  believes what he said was true: Nazis and the rest of Americans, the  same.   He will never apologize for his founding campaign sin: calling  immigrants rapists and criminals. In fact, he is basing a broad anti- immigration and anti-immigrant policy agenda on the bedrock belief that  crime and the skin color of a person are synonymous.   This puts everyone around the President in a difficult position. Do  they point out the emperor's nudity or do they praise his new suit? His  chief of staff, remember, was dispatched to tell a Black Member of  Congress that she was lying about how the President treated a soldier  killed in action until the chief of staff was shown to be lying,  himself, about what the Congresswoman said.   In the end, the American people knew what they were getting with this  President, and a minority--not the majority of Americans, but a  minority--still elected him to the White House  [[Page H3982]]  anyway. But the American people are learning important lessons about  the President's enablers at the three most important branches of the  Republican Party: at the White House, in the Congress, and at FOX News.   We know the President doesn't lose sleep wrestling with the moral  implications of his behavior, but all of us had higher hopes for the  professionals around the President--expectations which were apparently  too high, indeed.   One thing is sure: this country owes a great debt to Senator John  McCain, and our thoughts and prayers are with him, even if the  President's thoughts are somewhere else.   