 Mr. President, 2 weeks ago, I stood here to commend this  body for developing and passing much needed legislation to help  families and communities respond to the opioid overdose crisis. This  crisis is a tragedy, a scourge, an epidemic that claimed an estimated  49,000 lives just last year. It is one that knows no political,  territorial or demographical boundaries.   Soon, the Senate will consider a bipartisan, bicameral, consensus  opioid package, which overwhelmingly passed the House of  Representatives last week.   Contained within the conference bill are several of my provisions  from the Senate-passed legislation, including Opioid Milestones, a  bipartisan bill I introduced with Senators Murkowski and Hassan to  create a scorecard to measure our Nation's response to the opioid  crisis. In other words, as we spend more money, how do we now give a  grade to each one of the programs that we are funding so that in 2, 3,  4 years, it is best practices across the whole country, so that we are  ensuring that we learn the lessons of what is, in fact, occurring? So  that is a milestone, a scorecard so that we know what is happening with  the money, with the programs we are funding.   The final package also retains important legislation I introduced  with Senators Young and Baldwin to help address increasing rates of  infectious diseases associated with injection drug use, such as HIV and  viral hepatitis.   Two weeks ago, while highlighting these provisions, I also called on  my House and Senate colleagues to include in the conference legislation  a critical policy that was noticeably absent from the Senate-passed  bill: expansion of medication-assisted treatment, or MAT, for opioid  use disorders.   In 2016, I worked with Senator Rand Paul to expand access to MAT by  enabling nurse practitioners and physician assistants to temporarily  prescribe SUBOXONE. This year, I introduced bipartisan legislation with  Senator Paul, Senator Collins, and Senator Hassan to provide permanent  MAT prescriber authority for nurse practitioners and physician  assistants. Our legislation would also extend this authority to other  nursing professions already stepping up to address the opioid crisis-- certified nurses, midwives, clinical nurse specialists, and certified  registered nurse anesthetists.   As this consensus legislation was being negotiated, Senator Paul and  I led a bipartisan, bicameral letter urging leadership to include the  House-passed version of our legislation in the final bill.   Today, I am pleased to report that we succeeded in this endeavor.  Section 3201 of the conference legislation would permanently allow  nurse practitioners and physician assistants to prescribe MAT. It would  also provide that authority to the other nursing professions for 5  years. This policy will immediately save lives and improve our overall  response to the opioid overdose crisis.   I thank my partners in both the House and Senate for fighting to  ensure that we reduce the demand side of this epidemic by enhancing  access to treatment.   In addition to expanding MAT, the conference package takes important  steps to help connect vulnerable populations to healthcare,  particularly substance use treatment.   As we work to address our Nation's opioid crisis and right the wrongs  of the failed War on Drugs, we must do all we can to remove barriers to  care, including for those who have been incarcerated.   Last month, I reintroduced my legislation, the Supporting Positive  Outcomes after Release Act, which prohibits States from terminating an  inmate's Medicaid coverage during incarceration. My legislation would  instead require States to temporarily suspend Medicaid coverage,  ensuring immediate access to healthcare services upon reentry into the  community. In other words, when the prisoner is let out of  incarceration and they go back into the community, they will have  access to healthcare services. Otherwise, the likelihood of relapse is  very high.   I am pleased that the conference opioid package includes a version of  my legislation requiring States to suspend rather than terminate  Medicaid coverage for young people under 21 years of age during  incarceration. This provision will help bridge the precarious time  after release by ensuring that these individuals can access their  benefits as soon as possible.   I applaud the work of Senators Hatch and Wyden to include this  important provision in the conference package, and I hope that this is  a step forward in expanding this suspension policy to other Medicaid  populations. I don't think it should be just 21 and under; I think it  should be anyone who is leaving prison. A high percentage of people who  are in prison have some drug-related problem, and if we don't provide  them with the treatment they need as they are leaving, then it is  almost--not a guarantee but a high probability that they will take a U- turn and come right back with the same problem again.   This final opioid package represents a critical component of our  response to the Nation's opioid overdose crisis. I commend Senators  Murray and Alexander on their incredible and tireless work to put this  legislation together, and I thank them for working with me throughout  the process on all of those provisions. However, this should not and  will not be the end of Congress's efforts to tackle the opioid  epidemic. There remain a number of other outstanding proposals, like  mandating prescriber education and clearly labeling the risk of opioids  on prescription bottles. That could pay big dividends in addressing  this crisis.   I would say in conclusion that it is a missed opportunity when we  don't mandate physician education across the whole country on the  prescribing of opioids. We should do it. There are a lot of physicians  out there who are prescribing bottles of opioids who have never had the  correct training in order to ensure that they understand what the  consequences are.   Simultaneously, Senator Hatch and I have introduced legislation that  says, in the absence of mandatory physician education, the bottle cap  of every opioid have a warning, as they are taking the bottle from the  pharmacy, so that the mother, the wife, the father, the responsible  party in the family can actually see that this is dangerous and that it  is addictive. The warning is right on the bottle cap in a color--red,  orange, green--that says ``this medicine is different from anything  else you have in your cabinet.'' At least give the mothers and fathers  and family members the tools they need or the information they need to  say: The physician didn't tell us this because they weren't mandated to  have the education, but at least I can read it and say to myself that  this is something I should be very careful with in allowing my family  member to take these pills.   That is for another day, but I think it is important, and I think it  is something that we are going to have to include, ultimately, down the  line just to give families the information they need.   Again, I thank everyone, Democrat and Republican. This is a perfect  example of how bipartisanship prevails over paralysis. And there can't  be a more important issue that would prove that this institution can  work. I thank everyone involved.   I yield back.   