 Mr. President, the Federal Reserve's job is to ensure the  economy works for average Americans; that Wall Street doesn't again  crash the economy and decimate worker pensions; that banks can't cheat  families out of their hard-earned savings; that monetary policy helps  workers to find and keep a job that pays a living wage.   During his time in the Bush administration and his role at the Fed so  far, Randy Quarles, nominated as Vice Chair of Supervision, has done  the opposite. Time and again, Mr. Quarles has sided with Wall Street  and not with workers.   Look what happened with the stress tests. The Fed allowed the seven  largest banks to redirect $96 billion that should be used to pay  workers, to reduce fees for consumers, and protect taxpayers from  bailouts. Instead, they plowed that money into share buybacks and  dividends that reward--you guessed it--wealthy executives and  investors. Two banks had capital below the required amounts. Those  banks failed the tests, but they got passing grades anyway.   Now the Fed is about to propose new rules to make stress tests even  easier next year--making them less frequent and giving banks more  leeway to design the exams they will then much more likely pass.   The Fed, under Mr. Quarles' leadership, wants to loosen limits on Big  Bank borrowing, a move opposed by former Republican FDIC Chair Sheila  Bair and former Vice Chair Tom Hoenig.   The Fed is proposing to weaken the Volcker rule--the rule that stops  big banks from taking big risks with Americans' money--and the Fed is  undercutting the role of FSOC and oversight of foreign megabanks that  may soon join a proposal to undermine the Community Reinvestment Act.  Again, this is a boon to Wall Street and a punch in the gut to American  workers.   Wall Street simply doesn't respect the dignity of work. Data from  last week tells a story Ohioans know too well--big banks and  corporations are doing better than ever, while workers still haven't  gotten a meaningful raise.   So now we install another nominee--this time for 14 years--who  doesn't seem to understand that workers are the backbone of our  economy? Mr. Quarles missed the 2008 crisis the last time he was in  charge a decade ago. He spent his time at the Fed recently doing favors  for Wall Street at the expense of working families. Americans cannot  afford a nominee who fails American workers and homeowners and  taxpayers.   