 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I rise in support of the bipartisan Global Electoral Exchange Act,  H.R. 5274, which I introduced with my colleague, my Republican  colleague, Mark Meadows, and also others, including my colleague from  Texas, Ted Poe.   I would like to first thank Chairman Royce and Ranking Member Engel  for their support on this legislation and helping bring it to the  floor.   It is important to note the bipartisanship of this legislation  because strengthening democracies abroad is a critical national  interest and one that can be supported by both sides of the aisle.   In recent years, democracies have been reeling across the world, even  in our own neighborhood. This is a reversal of a longstanding trend  toward democratization that continued through the end of the Cold War  in the 1990s.   In countries around the world, there are partners willing to work  with us to strengthen their country's democracy. This is naturally in  our bipartisan interests.   Our strongest relationships are those with other democracies. Some  examples include Canada, Mexico, Japan, India, Australia, and the  member nations of the European Union. When two countries speak the  language of democracy, when they each commit to the rule of law and the  will of the people, the potential for a genuine partnership is formed.   An election is a complex endeavor. It is an exercise a society  undertakes together. To run effectively and efficiently, an election  requires an engaged public, robust institutions, and a transparent,  technically sound electoral mechanism.   There are certain practices we ascribe to effective election systems,  including a secret ballot, inclusive voting systems, chain of custody,  neutral instructions to voters, and so much more of what may be  considered good electoral practices.   When elections are technically unsound, their results can be suspect.  We saw this firsthand in Kenya and Honduras over the last year, where  electoral failure led to election violence and a questionable outcome  for many.   It is in the interests of both the incumbent looking to be re-elected  with the legitimacy that an election brings, and the challenger seeking  to rise to office, to support transparent election practices.   The State Department and USAID already engage in excellent work, in  partnership with groups like the National Endowment for Democracy,  National Democratic Institute, International Republican Institute, and  International Foundation for Electoral Systems, supporting democracy  worldwide.   This bipartisan bill augments those efforts, allowing the Secretary  of State  [[Page H7850]]  to support exchange programs with other countries to promote best  practices in election administration.   When we bring folks over here to show them how we do things and send  Americans to other nations to see how elections are conducted overseas,  we can have candid conversations on how all of us can improve.   I would like to thank, again, Congressman Meadows for working with me  on this bipartisan bill, and for all of his insight in making this bill  and this legislation more effective.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   