 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Connecticut as  well as our colleague from Rhode Island for calling us together on the  Senate floor today to discuss a timely and important topic.   We know that Vladimir Putin and Russia attacked America's democracy  in 2016, and it is clear Vladimir Putin will try again. CIA Director  Pompeo recently said he had ``every expectation'' that Russia would try  to influence our 2018 election. We have been warned.   We can expect Russia to continue to use the tactics they have used  before and to come up with new ones. We can expect them to hack and  leak sensitive information. We can expect these Russians to use social  media and propaganda to spread false information. We see it almost  every week. We can expect them to try to hack into State election  systems and more.   I was home over the weekend in Springfield, IL--of course, the State  capital--and ran into a fellow who works for the State Board of  Elections. We talked for a few minutes about the experience we had in  our State in the last election cycle when the Russians hacked into the  computer network of the Illinois State Board of Elections. We were the  only State, of those that were hacked, to come forward and identify the  culprit. It was Russia. We also came forward and notified hundreds of  thousands of our voters that their identity--at least in terms of the  State election agency is concerned--had been compromised by the  Russians. We were open about it.   I asked the individual what was being done for the next election  cycle. He said we have patched the problem that gave the Russians entry  into the system in 2016, and we spent over $100,000 as a State to put  in new security, new cyber protections. We are taking it seriously in  Illinois because we know what the Russians tried to do to us. We don't  believe they changed a vote or changed a ballot, but we are not sure  they will not try in the future.   That is the reality of what we face in Illinois, and that is the  reality of what America faces.   Just last week, NSA and U.S. Cyber Command head ADM Mike Rogers  bluntly acknowledged what most of us already know; that President Trump  is doing nothing--nothing--to protect Illinois or any other State  against Russia's ongoing and future attacks on our election process. In  fact, President Trump reportedly refuses to even talk about the issue.   Admiral Rogers told the Armed Services Committee that Vladimir Putin  has paid ``little price'' for his previous and ongoing attacks and,  therefore, hasn't been stopped. Incredibly, the admiral said President  Trump has not granted him any new authorities to strike at Russian  cyber operations.   Can anyone here imagine what President Ronald Reagan would have said  at the stunning abdication of responsibility in addressing this Russian  threat to America?   In the face of this fundamental threat of Russian attack on our  democracy, we should have spent the last year coming together, on a  bipartisan basis, establishing a sound national defense when it comes  to the exercise of our democracy. We should be working--Republicans and  Democrats together--to hold anyone accountable who participated in this  Russian effort. We should be strengthening our laws against foreign  election interference--a responsibility of the Senate Judiciary  Committee, which has never even taken up that issue--and we should  punish and deter Russia and other nations from ever attacking our  Democratic process again.   Instead, we have seen the Trump administration consistently refuse to  hold the Russians accountable for their election interference or impose  meaningful sanctions. President Trump has even gone out of his way to  invite top Russian officials to the Oval Office and to call Russia's  election interference a ``hoax.'' Despite the fact that all of our  intelligence agencies say he is wrong, President Trump calls Russia  election interference a hoax.   So what are Republicans in Congress doing about this? With a few  exceptions like Senator John McCain, they have mostly tried to change  the subject. In fact, instead of trying to get a full accounting of  what Russia did to us, Republicans have focused far more on  scrutinizing and criticizing anyone who suggests that the Russians  interfered.   We need to take a step back and remember what this is all about;  specifically, that a foreign adversary of the United States interfered  in America's election. They continue to use weaponized cyber campaigns  against us and our allies, and most in the majority party of Congress  and the President seem not to care at all.   How have we let it get to this point? Have we forgotten our  obligation to our Constitution and to this country? For those who  watched the devastating two-part episode of the PBS documentary  ``Frontline'' last year entitled ``Putin's Revenge,'' there was a  deeply telling moment.  [[Page S1371]]    Months before the 2016 election, our Nation's top intelligence  officials came and told key congressional leaders about Russia's  efforts. These intelligence officials were deeply concerned about what  Russia was trying to do to the 2016 election. President Obama had  wanted a bipartisan message condemning Putin for his efforts so as to  avoid any hint of partisanship as we approached the election and so we  could put a common face on this common view of unity on this effort.   What was the response of the Republican Party leadership after  hearing this bombshell revelation by our intelligence agencies, this  threat from Vladimir Putin, which actually goes to the heart of our  democracy--the election process? The response of the Republican leader  was: No thanks. We don't want to get involved. And they didn't.   Is there anybody in the Senate--anybody who took the oath to protect  the Nation against enemies, foreign and domestic--who thinks that any  of us, regardless of political party, should get help from a foreign  adversary to be elected?   Yet here we are, with aggressive efforts to discredit investigations  into this threat, with a White House that ignores Russian sanctions,  with the majority party blocking legislation that offers aid to States  that request it to secure our election systems, with the failure of  this Congress or this White House to do anything to protect against the  next such threat, and all the while, Russia continues to conduct  disinformation campaigns right under our noses.   On February 14, the tragedy in Parkland, FL, invited comments of  those who wanted more gun safety and those who opposed it. When we  traced the source of many of the comments, we found out they were  Russians--Russians preaching to the United States on both sides of the  issue, trying to rile us up at this moment of great human tragedy. That  is now commonplace.   We need to wake up. Russian cyber campaigns were pushing for the  release of the discredited Nunes memo from the House of  Representatives. They have tried to undermine the FBI's credibility.  They are at work every single day trying to undermine our democracy.  Russian cyber campaigns have attacked even Republican Senators who have  been critical of President Trump.   So I say to my Republican friends that not one of us is immune from  these threats, and it is long overdue that we put Nation before party  in this extremely important matter. The next time it might be China or  North Korea taking different sides or pushing a different agenda when  it comes to the American political process, but, of course, it doesn't  matter whom a foreign adversary is trying to help. An attack on any  American political party or Democratic institution by any Nation is an  attack on all of us--at least it should be.   This can't be tolerated. We don't want to make America great by  letting foreign powers undermine it.   So I ask my Republican friends; in fact, I invite them: Join us to  get to the bottom of this. Let's pass legislation together that helps  request these States secure their election systems. Let's pass  legislation together that forces the administrations--this one and  future administrations--to protect our national infrastructure against  these cyber threats. Let's work together on a bipartisan basis to  ensure that Russia and others are genuinely deterred from such actions.  Let's use sanctions when necessary, and other measures, and let's work  together to denounce the Russian disinformation campaign regardless of  who it might help on any given day.    We have a lot of work to do, and we are only months away from this  November election. In just 6 months or so, there will be early voting  in this election. Are the Russians going to get to vote? Maybe not  directly, but indirectly? Will they be able to invade America's  political machinery, election machinery? Will they make a difference in  this next election campaign? Shame on us if we can't answer those  questions, and shame on us if we do nothing to stop them.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   