 Mr. Speaker, government purchase cards are issued to  Federal employees to make small, simple purchases. Their transaction  limit was $3,500, but the fiscal year 2018 NDAA increased that limit to  $10,000. This increase will cause purchase card usage to go up, thereby  increasing the chance for misuse.   Purchase card transactions already total roughly $4 billion annually  in the VA, and the program has been found repeatedly to lack adequate  controls related to waste, fraud, and abuse.   As chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, it  is my job to monitor programs involving taxpayer dollars and veterans.  That is why I introduced the Veterans Affairs Purchase Card Misuse  Mitigation Act. It will mitigate the potential for misuse of purchase  card spending by requiring the VA Secretary to revoke a purchase card  from any employee found to have knowingly misused their card or  approval authority.   Currently, penalties are applied slowly, if at all, and employees are  very rarely terminated for purchase card misuse or abuse. H.R. 5215  creates a safeguard to stop purchase card misuse once it begins and  holds bad actors accountable for all of their actions.   Mr. Speaker, being a good steward of taxpayers' dollars is my top  priority, and this bill brings accountability to the necessary but  problematic purchase card structure.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, the Medical-Surgical Prime Vendor Program  is VA's system of contracts to  [[Page H4258]]  purchase and distribute medical and surgical supplies.   VA attempted to create a centralized MSPV formulary to standardize  the products its clinicians can buy as an idea to concentrate VA's  buying power to extract savings from fewer suppliers.   But the formulary was developed with inadequate input from  experienced clinicians, and as a result, it contains unwanted supplies  while omitting necessary products.   Because of these problems, usage of MSPV has failed to meet its  objectives, putting some of the prime vendors and suppliers under  financial strain, and threatening the stability of the program.   H.R. 5418 preserves the MSPV's current structure, consisting of  multiple regional prime vendors, and it prohibits a move to a single  nationwide prime vendor.   The bill also requires that each VA employee making decisions related  to the structure have medical expertise relevant to those items.   H.R. 5418 ensures medical professionals have the tools and resources  they need to deliver world-class care to our veterans.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill.   