 Mr. Speaker, I must tell everybody who is listening  today that there is a reason that I am Parker's favorite Member of  Congress: Because I have earned that respect and that right. With that  said, I am delighted to speak up about Parker Poling.   I notice that her two wonderful daughters, Eliza and Barrett, are up  here in the gallery, along with her handsome husband, Todd. This is a  very special day for Parker, her family, and for this Chamber.   There were and are a number of us, Mr. Speaker, who come to the House  from different backgrounds. We come here to do what is right and to  help our country and, in my case, to help my great State of Maine and  my constituents. This is a big place. Washington is a confusing place.  Many people call Washington a mess. At times, I would agree with that.  Most of the time, I would agree with that.   But when you have an opportunity to find someone who is smart, tough,  fair, gracious, patient, and listens to new Members, you gravitate  toward that person. That is Parker Poling.   I met Parker, actually, before I was elected to Congress in 2014 and  immediately took to her, like so many folks have before. Over the  years, when there were tough decisions to be made in the parliamentary  process here, which is very foreign to businesspeople like myself,  there is only one person I would go to. And God bless Mr. McHenry, but  it was not him; it was Parker.   Parker is the person I always call. And I will continue to call her  as time goes forward because I know I will get very sound advice from  someone who is incredibly knowledgeable and incredibly passionate.   Parker Poling is a strong American woman. I am sure she is a  tremendous role model, not only to her two wonderful young ladies,  young children, young girls, but also to countless other American women  across this land.   We have more freedom in this country; we have more opportunities; we  have a stronger economy; we have a better education system that is  closer to home because of the good counsel that Parker Poling has given  to many of us.   We are blessed to have Parker with us. I am blessed to have known  Parker and will continue to enjoy the time that we spend together on  behalf of the American people.   Mr. Speaker, I could talk about Parker Poling all evening.   God bless.   