 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Ranking Member Engel, for  his hard work on this bill and for yielding. I thank Chairman Royce as  well.   I want to thank the many Members of Congress who have shown their  unyielding commitment to caring for Holocaust survivors and ensuring  that their needs are met, including the cosponsors of this bill, and,  of course, the House bill's sponsors, Congressman Crowley and  Congressman Smith.   I would also like to take this opportunity to thank my friend and  colleague, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, for her tireless efforts throughout her  career on behalf of Holocaust survivors in our community in south  Florida and everywhere they live.   Two weeks after we marked Yom HaShoah, it is fitting that Congress  would consider this bill. I hope that the world is watching, because  every year that we move away from the horrible atrocities of the  Holocaust, we lose more and more survivors.   They are the people who survived Auschwitz, Treblinka, Sobibor, and  other Nazi death camps. They are the people who survived the attempted  genocide against them. Six million Jews perished. We must remember that  every single victim, those who perished and those who survived, had a  story. They had homes, they had businesses, family heirlooms, and  personal possessions. As the Nazis stormed through Europe to wipe out  European Jewry, they stole everything they could as they sent Jews to  their death.   While no amount of money will ever erase these horrors, these  survivors, their families, and their heirs deserve compensation for  confiscated property, including Jewish communal, private, and heirless  property.   In 2009, the United States joined 46 other countries and agreed to  the Terezin Declaration on Holocaust Era Assets. This was a commitment  by these countries to provide for the restitution of confiscated  property. But 9 years later, many European countries have still failed  to meet their commitments in this agreement. Some countries still  haven't passed legislation to create for private property restitution,  and we should call out their failures.   As we speak, thousands of survivors are in need of immediate and  urgent care and assistance. I am proud to represent a large community  of survivors, and I see their critical needs going unmet day after day.  This bill can be a tool to help us understand where the gaps lie in  restitution programs, but it does not address, nor is it meant to  address, the urgent need of survivors now. As they age, their needs  grow. It is essential they receive the care they deserve. We must do  everything to ensure that those needs are addressed.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Engel and Chairman  Royce for their support of this legislation, and I give special thanks  to my colleague, Chairman McCaul, for his leadership in recognizing the  need to take action.   We must work together to stop the brutal Iranian regime's human  rights abuses and demand the release of American hostages that Iran is  using as pawns for political leverage. I am proud to partner with Mr.  McCaul in this effort   The Iran Human Rights and Hostage-Taking Accountability Act sends a  clear message to the Iranian regime and to the rest of the world: this  Congress, this country will not tolerate the flagrant disregard of the  most basic of human rights.   My colleagues have explained the merits of this bill, and I know it  is difficult for many Americans to imagine, but we are here today to  show our resolve in the face of really unbelievable circumstances.   For my constituents, the family of Robert Levinson, this is a  nightmare that they have lived for 11 years. Bob Levinson is the  longest held American hostage in history. He disappeared in Iran on  March 9, 2007.   Imagine 11 years without your husband or your father.   Imagine having grandchildren who have never had the chance to meet  their grandfather.   Imagine 11 anniversaries, dozens of family birthdays, and holidays  that pass by without Bob, just an empty place where Bob should be  sitting.   Bob's wife, Christine, and his seven children--Susan, Stephanie,  Sarah, Dan, David, Samantha, and Doug--have been tireless advocates for  their father. They have traveled to Iran themselves looking for  answers. They have made the trip to Washington, D.C., countless times  to meet with government officials and Members of Congress.   They have fought for action all the way to the Oval Office, directly  appealing to President Bush, President Obama, and President Trump. They  have watched as others have returned home to their families. They have  listened with hope as Iran's leaders have promised cooperation. They  have been disappointed more times than they can count as promises go  unfulfilled year after year after year.   Iran has become adept at this cruel game, because that is what it is  to this rogue Iranian regime. They say that hostages are not hostages,  but these people are not detained under a legal order. They have lost  their freedom; they have been separated from their families; and they  have been held under shamelessly trumped-up and false charges. Any  attempt to show due process or trials has been a sham.   To the Levinsons, to the Namazi family, the Zakka family, the Wang  family, and the other families whose loved ones are being held, we  stand with you. Today, we speak clearly and loudly with one bipartisan  voice to send a message that no country, no rogue regime will use  American lives as leverage to further a dangerous agenda.   This bill isn't about the nuclear deal. Nothing in this deal  precludes our continued participation in the JCPOA. But this bill makes  clear the importance of closely coordinating with our allies and  partners whose citizens have also been held hostage by Iran to apply  pressure on the regime.   If we are going to counter Iran's abuses, Iran's terrorism, Iran's  threats to our troops and our national security interests, we must work  in tandem with our partners around the globe. We will stand together  against repression and the violation of human rights. We will stand  together against religious persecution. We will stand together for the  rule of law and democratic values.   Taking hostages and violating the most fundamental values that cut to  the core of our dignity as human beings is unacceptable to this  Congress and to members of the international community. I urge all of  my colleagues to stand up to Iran's rogue regime, to stand up for human  rights and for the people of Iran, to stand with the Levinsons and the  other families whose loved ones are missing from their lives, and to  fight for their return home by supporting this bill.   Please support H.R. 4744, and together we will stand for basic human  rights.   