 Mr. President, one of the unusual things about the moment  we find ourselves in is that we are debating on virtually all fronts on  topics that 70 percent of the Senators agree on. When you look at the  appropriating bill, at least 70 Senators are for the Children's Health  Insurance Program--maybe 90, maybe more than that. It is a widely  supported program. Nobody really believes that the Obama taxes and  ObamaCare on medical device taxes ever made any sense, or the so-called  Cadillac tax, where if you have worked hard and, in many cases, worked  and negotiated an insurance coverage package, now the government says  it is better than it should be and you should pay taxes on that, or  that everybody should pay an individual tax on their healthcare. Nobody  is for that.   Surely everybody wants the government's doors to stay open and so, on  that front, one of the major criticisms of stopping the continuing  resolution from going on is that nobody is opposed to it. So they are  using that totally as leverage on an issue that we, also, almost all  agree on. As to these kids who came here as kids--and I have met a  number of them as the Presiding Officer has--one of the first questions  I often ask is, Well, how old were you when your parents brought you  here? The answer is often 18 months, 2, 3, followed by something like:  Now I work at an architectural firm, or I just graduated from college-- or whatever else they might say about what they are doing now. They  clearly grew up in this country; we all get that. This is not a hard  problem to solve, I don't believe. But leverage has somehow become the  big issue here.   First of all, we let the appropriations process collapse, where only  a few people have anything to say about how we spend our money, and  then we have decided we will let the whole legislating process collapse  and have spent way too much time on confirming people who there is no  opposition to.   And then our friends on the other side, like the Democratic leader,  insist on 30 hours of debate or 8 hours of debate where there is no  debate. All you do is use up that time so nothing else can happen. He  says: Why can't we debate this issue? We could debate this issue if we  hadn't just spent an entire week confirming four district judges. These  are not four Supreme Court Justices and they are not four circuit  judges who will handle appeals from the district court. We spent an  entire week last week doing nothing but that. And these judges were all  confirmed. On Monday, we all knew they were going to be confirmed. They  were all confirmed by the end of the week, but we spent the whole week  doing that. The same people who insisted on that wonder why we don't  have time to debate the issues we would all like to debate.   I would like to have seen the children's health insurance bill  debated, but we ran out of time. We are now beyond the time when the  bill expired. States are beginning to have stress on that. I would have  loved to have seen a debate there, and I would love to see that debate  include expanding excellence in mental health to a few more States. I  would have loved to have seen that debate include the expansion we need  in community health centers. But we didn't have time for that. We were  [[Page S412]]  spending needless time confirming people who were ultimately going to  be confirmed.   Remember, the rules on this are 30 hours of debate on the floor if  anybody insists on it. For a circuit judge, we had 30 hours of debate.  There are only so many hours in a week, and we are wasting those hours.  That rule has to change, and if we can't change it one way, my guess is  eventually the frustration will become so great, we will change it  another way.   We find ourselves here in a government shutdown with no disagreement  on what we are talking about. This is just to show who is running the  Senate. The majority, at the end of the day, is going to run the  Senate. That is what always happens. If our friends on the other side  want to run the Senate, they need to get in the majority, but this will  not be the way they get there.   My good friend the Senator from Hawaii and I have a common health  issue with kidney cancer. We both lost a kidney, and that is a binding  sort of thing. So when I say I care about her a lot, I do. But she  said: How dare people talk about kids who were brought here illegally  as people who came here illegally.   I think a great disservice was done to the DACA kids when the other  side decided they wanted to make them a focal point on a debate that  has nothing to do with them.   Don't act surprised that other people are going to come to a  conclusion that the weakest point in the argument for DACA kids is that  every one of them came to the country illegally. They were brought here  illegally, but every one of them came to the country illegally. And we  need them. They grew up here. They went to school here. We need that  vital, strong population that is part of a growing the economy. Seventy  percent of the country, if not 80 percent, agrees with that. This is an  issue that could be solved, but we see the further deterioration of how  we spend our money.   The appropriations process, for a decade now, has come down to one  big bill at the end that almost nobody had anything to say about. It  certainly has strengthened leadership on both sides. It has weakened  membership on both sides. I don't think the leaders want the power that  they have gotten through this wrecked process.   For 200 years, we appropriated our money by bringing bills to the  floor. I imagine that initially there may have been one bill. In recent  years, there have been a dozen--one or two at a time--on the floor.  Every Member of the House and every Member of the Senate could propose  any amendment they wanted to as long as it was about spending and  didn't add any money. We haven't seen this enough times in recent  years. People can hardly remember the process in the Senate, although  the House has rediscovered it. A bill comes to the floor, and you say  ``I think we ought to spend $1 million more here than we are spending,  and I propose we do that by cutting this other category by $1  million,'' and then all the Members vote.   We are never going to have that debate this year. The Speaker saw  that debate on the other side. We will never have that debate here  because starting a decade ago, roughly, the Democratic leader of the  Senate decided that we were not going to bring those bills to the floor  unless they are unamendable. Four or five years ago, when--I think my  math is right--Barbara Mikulski, the great Senator from Maryland, an  incredible legislator, had become chairman of the Appropriations  Committee for the only 2 years in her career, she aggressively argued  with the leadership on her side all the time: Let's bring these bills  to the floor and debate the bills. Let's not have one big bill at the  end of the year or, even worse, one big bill 4, 5, 6 months into the  next year.   We have to figure out how to recapture the process of our  responsibility. This works. It includes the Members and the people they  work for in a way that we are not now included. The debate on how we  spend our money becomes public in ways that are not now public.   We can't bring an appropriations bill to the floor in the Senate  without 60 Members being willing to debate the bill. One way we could  do this is just figure out how to change it to where an appropriations  bill--maybe all bills--don't need 60 Members just to debate the bill. I  am a believer that once you got these bills started and once you  started debating them and once Members got to see that their own  amendment wasn't nearly as popular as they thought it would be, that we  would then get to the final vote, and we would then pass a bill or  maybe a package of a couple of bills. The House would do the same. We  would have a conference. They would go to the President's desk. He  would sign those bills, and that part of the government would be funded  for the next year.   Year after year, this has been brought down to where virtually  nothing is funded on September 30 for the October 1 fiscal year. Here  we are, January 21. To still be talking about work that should have  been completed in September is unacceptable.   If we can't see this moment where we are debating two big issues that  everybody agrees on--the component parts of both of those big issues-- if we can't see this as a moment where we need to fundamentally change  how we get this work done, we may have lost the constitutional  responsibility that the Congress has to set our priorities based on how  we spend our money.   The one thing I know for sure is how we are deciding to spend our  money now is not the best way to do it. It has now led to where it is  now a late-year fight about, well--and I think defense is the principal  reason for the Federal Government to exist. The No. 1 priority of the  Federal Government is to support the common defense. But we have gone  beyond ``I want more money for defense, but before I do that, I would  like to have more money for something else, as well'' to--it is not  even about the appropriations bill. We are not even going to give you a  number to appropriate to on the appropriations bill. We don't want to  fund the government now until we do something that has nothing to do  with funding the government.   Maybe that is the logical conclusion of years of bad behavior. Maybe  that is the logical conclusion of thinking you can hide the work of the  Congress behind a massive bill that nobody understands, that everybody  says: Well, I want to be in that massive bill that nobody understands  either.   I believe one of the issues that was debated the last few hours was,  we want to put our bill that would help DACA kids on a bill that must  pass. We are not going to be happy unless our bill is guaranteed to get  on another bill that would have a better chance of passing than our  bill.   What we need is a DACA bill that can pass on its own. Surely you can  take a 70-percent or 80-percent issue and combine it with another 70- percent issue of people who believe we ought to do a better job  securing the border and managing people who have come into the country  in other ways, as well--surely you can take those two issues and find a  way to put them together in a bill that winds up on the President's  desk. But there appears to be little confidence in that and frankly  little confidence in the way we appropriate money.   This is an outrageous place to be in. You and I, Mr. President, and  other Members of the Senate and Members of the House need to figure out  what we can do to convince enough of our colleagues that either the  rules need to change or the behavior needs to change so that everybody  has an opportunity to talk about the priorities of the government, how  those are funded, and so that we also have time to get to the important  debates that we would all like to be part of.   I hope we can reach a conclusion quickly. People deserve for their  government to be open. People deserve the very opening of the  government not to be held hostage to things that have nothing to do  with appropriating money but everything to do with a Congress that no  longer works the way the American people deserve to see it work.   I hope we find a conclusion quickly and let the doors of the  government be open to the people the government is supposed to serve,  rather than those very doors to be used as a leverage because  legislators couldn't figure out how to legislate.   I yield my time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Connecticut.   