 Mr. President, before I get into my prepared remarks I  want to say, we have been at war for 16 years, and the Senator from  Alaska is correct, we do need to rebuild our military. There is no ifs,  ands, or buts about it. It is not something that just came about last  night. It is something we should have been doing with this budget that  should have been passed to go into effect the end of September.   If you really want to talk about the hypocrisy of this body, and  there is plenty of it, the fact that we have folks coming to the floor  who haven't said a peep about CHIP--it also, by the way, ran out of  money the end of September--and talk about how important it is for  those kids. By the way, it is very important for those kids. It is the  first time we have heard a peep out of them. That is interesting.   The fact is, we do need to come together, and we do need a long-term  budget deal. By the way, when I am talking about long term, I am not  talking about years and years, I am talking about until the end of  September of this year. That is all we have to have is a budget deal to  the end of September of this year that addresses more than just CHIP,  and CHIP is important. It needs to address our military. It needs to  address our southern border security. The chairman knows this. We work  together on the Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security. He  understands how important this is.   We have to make sure our borders are secure. We have to make sure we  have domestic programs that working families and businesses depend upon  in this country, such as CHIP, funding for community health centers,  making sure there are dollars there for rural ambulance services.   The list goes on and on.   We have had an incredible failure of leadership here. I think we have  had three patches to this budget--three of them. This was supposed to  be done 111 days ago. Over 111 days ago, we were supposed to have a  budget that lasted for the fiscal year 2018. We were supposed to have a  bill that kept services for the U.S. Government open and operating so  Montanans and Americans could have the certainty they elected us to  create, but for 111 days, the leadership on the other side of the  aisle--and I mean intentionally so, I believe--have played politics and  kicked the can down the road.   This is not nuclear physics, folks. This is about funding our  government. It is not that tough, but we have hit deadline after  deadline after deadline, and what we have been told is, look, we will  extend about another month or two, and then we will get an agreement.  Oh, we will extend out another month, and we will get an agreement.   At Christmastime I was ready to work here through Christmas to get  this done because families in this country deserve the certainty of the  basic job of setting up a budget. This is the basic job we are elected  for in this body. I believe on December 19, once again, we kicked the  can down the road, and it was said: You know what, we are going to have  a deal by January 19. Well, guess what. It is January 19, and now we  are going to move the goal post again.   Each of those previous patches I voted for. Why? Because I believed  them. I expected the leaders of this body to work in good faith and get  the job done. I was wrong because, for 111 days, they have refused to  provide long-term funding for community health centers. For 111 days,  they have failed to pass a bill that secures our borders. For 111 days,  they have neglected our children by refusing to reauthorize CHIP. For  111 days, they have failed to do the most basic and fundamental aspect  of our job; that is, pass a long-term budget that works for this  country and works for my home State of Montana.   Now, today we are about 9 hours before the government is set to run  out of money. Folks on the other side of the aisle are pointing their  finger over here and saying: We have to reauthorize CHIP. If we don't,  all these kids--guess what. That same argument could have been made 6  months ago and was not. We have 24,000 kids in Montana who, I am  telling you, have been watching. Those families have been watching.  They ask: Why? Why hasn't it already been done?   Why are we 111 days after the budget has been passed, and we still  have nothing? There is a CHIP bill that has been sitting on the  majority leader's desk for many a month to reauthorize CHIP. I believe  it has 24 cosponsors on it. There are Members of this body who are not  even cosponsors of that bill who have found religion and have come to  the floor to passionately talk about CHIP, and we haven't heard  crickets from them until the last day or two.   So the folks who have been down here on the floor and on cable  television talking about what a great program CHIP is--and it has been  a great program. It is one of the first major pieces of legislation I  voted on when I was in the Montana Senate. Where have you been? Why  haven't we had it on the floor and voted on it? It is important. It is  pure hypocrisy. It is what  [[Page S330]]  the Senator from Alaska talked about, only on a different level.   This dysfunction here is way, way, way too deep. This bill also fails  to fund community health centers. I will state, I talked to the  administrators of the community health centers in places like  RiverStone and Flathead, up in Kalispell and Bullock and Havre. I tell  you what, these folks are sweating bullets. They are afraid they are  going to have to close their facilities down. They provide primary  healthcare to 100,000 folks. That may not sound like a lot of people,  but in Montana, a State of just over 1 million folks, it is a big deal.  These are essential facilities to our communities across Montana. They  provide basic healthcare, and they keep families alive. The folks who  run these community health centers have told me face-to-face: If we  don't get the funding, we are going to have to close the doors.   It has been 111 days, and we should have had a budget to fund  community health centers, and we are still standing here today saying:  Guess what. When we come back here in February, things are going to be  just fine, just like they said in December. I have news for you,  nothing is going to change between now and February so let's get a  long-term budget deal today that addresses some of these issues.   This bill also fails to make our borders secure. As I said earlier,  the Presiding Officer and I have worked on the Appropriations Homeland  Security Subcommittee to draft a bill that works. It invests in a wall  where a wall makes sense. It hires more Border Patrol agents. That bill  was never brought up to full committee. I am sorry that never happened  because it would have been great, and it is not included in the bill  before us today.   Time and again, over the last 4 months, good bipartisan bills have  been piled up on the leadership's desk. Rather than bring these  bipartisan bills to the floor, rather than pass a long-term budget, a  more fiscally responsible budget, the Senate has just said: No. Guess  what. We will do it next month--and we will do it the month after that  and we will do it the month after that.   It is time to stop putting the bandaid on our budget because in 4  weeks we will be back here again if this passes, and it will be the  same problems. In fact, we can solve them today, and we need to solve  them today. Enough is enough.   Congress has three times passed short-term, stopgap, crisis-funding  bills. These bills fail my constituents, and they waste taxpayer  dollars. Enough is enough. People are tired of this, and I know they  are tired on the other side of the aisle because they have told me.  They told me it is time to do our job here. They are as frustrated as I  am. They are as frustrated as Montanans are when I meet them face-to- face in townhalls and coffee shops. They tell me it is time for  Congress to get off their duff and do their jobs.   Montanans don't run their businesses like this, and our government  should not run like this, especially after I hear promises to drain the  swamp. This is exactly the opposite. Bringing this garbage bill to the  floor is a dereliction of duty. It is incompetent, and mostly it is a  failure of leadership. It is a failure of vision.   In any other business in this country, if managers acted like the  leadership of this body, they would lose their jobs. It is almost as if  the majority had planned this all along to get us to this point for  political purposes. Well, guess what, we should not be here for  political purposes; we should be here as Americans doing our best to  give people the certainty they need rather than playing with a hot  potato, saying: You know what, we will do it next month.    We were sent here to govern. We ought to govern and put politics in  the closet. We have 9 hours to do a job, and we need to do it. If the  majority leadership and the White House are going to continue to sit  back and twiddle their thumbs, let's bypass them and let's get a deal.  There are good people in this body. We need to sit down and get a deal  that works for the rest of this year--that is, until the end of  September, not until the 19th of February--that strengthens our  borders, reauthorizes CHIP, funds our community health centers,  supports rural hospitals, and fixes DACA.   I know there are scores and scores of folks on the other side of the  aisle who want to do this. Nobody should leave their desk in this body  until this job is done. We are nearly 4 months into this fiscal year.  At some point in time, the Appropriations Committee should be starting  to work on the 2019 fiscal year budget, but we are not because we can't  even get through 2018. We need to stop governing from crisis to crisis.  Nobody wants a shutdown, and that is why we need to stay here and do  our jobs.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I had the feeling at one point in time  tonight that we were very, very close to an agreement. I think, as we  look around this body, we see folks on both sides of the aisle who want  to come to an agreement and will work hard for an agreement.  [[Page S355]]    It is a fact that we need a better budget. We need a budget that  works for America. We need a budget that goes to the end of the fiscal  year, which isn't that long from now, by the way--only the end of  September. It is a fact that we need CHIP funding and money for our  community health centers, certainly for our military, and money for the  northern and southern borders and for opioids and the list goes on.   The majority leader has said that they have been working on a budget  settlement for weeks. I think most of us, if not all of us, are willing  to stay here and work until this work gets done. I am certainly willing  to.   This is supposed to be the most deliberative body in the world. I  know that some will say there is just not enough time, but there is. I  have watched this body work very quickly when necessary. I think a  government shutdown would require that.   We have pushed this budget off now for 112 days. That is why I am  proposing a 3-day continuing resolution so we can work together to come  to a conclusion to do what the American people want; that is, have a  budget that works until the end of the fiscal year that funds critical  programs for our military and domestic.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of Calendar No. 36, H.R. 1301; that the  amendment at the desk that would provide for a continuing resolution to  fund the government through Monday, January 22, 2018, be considered and  agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and  passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table with no intervening action or debate.   