 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 5585, to reauthorize  the Cape Cod National Seashore Advisory Commission for another decade.   One of President John F. Kennedy's first acts was to sign into law  the bill that created the Cape Cod National Seashore, a bill which he  himself had previously offered when he was a Senator from  Massachusetts.   This beautiful expanse of sand dunes, marshlands, highland woods,  lakes, rivers, streams, and pristine coastal estuaries stretches from  Chatham in the south to Provincetown in the north, and includes the six  towns that form the Outer Cape and spans over 43,000 acres.   Today, more than 4 million visitors from around the world come to my  district every year to experience the natural beauty and recreational  opportunities that the seashore offers. In this way, the seashore is  crucial for the many local businesses that depend on the cape's tourism  industry for their livelihoods.   Yet, even while hosting the millions of visitors each summer, the  seashore continues to protect dozens of threatened endangered species,  invests in important local science and education, expands cultural  arts, and hosts numerous environmental endeavors. One of these  projects, the Herring River Restoration Project, will be the largest  salt marsh restoration project in New England history.   It is important to note that, for many communities on the cape, the  parklands make up more than 75 percent of their land area. That is why  this regional board--the first of its kind in the National Park  System--is so important. It links Federal partners in the National Park  Service with their State and local partners to inform the public about  park matters; to problem-solve on numerous environmental, economic, and  public infrastructure issues; and to promote open lines of  communication with the National Park Service.   Think about it. Six small communities and a large Federal agency  drawing several million people into their towns each year, in solutions  rather than conflict.   Time and time again, this commission has proven itself to be an  important forum for the communities that make up the Outer Cape to have  productive discussions with their leadership on the Cape Cod National  Seashore about issues that affect not only the seashore but the broader  Outer Cape region as well.   For 60 years, the relationship that the commission has provided  between the National Seashore and its host communities represents the  best of what a partnership with local entities and Federal officials  can and should be.   The track record of success that the Cape Cod National Seashore  Advisory Commission has shown since its inception clearly demonstrates  the need for it to continue its exemplary work for the challenges of  the next decade.   I would like to thank the chairman of the committee and the ranking  member, my two colleagues from California, for their help in moving  this bill forward. I urge my colleagues, all my colleagues, to join me  in support of this legislation.   