 Madam President, reserving the right to object, I want to  thank my friend Senator Manchin. He and I serve on the VA Committee. I  know he is absolutely committed to trying to do the best we possibly  can for our veterans. We may have a disagreement on what he has in mind  for this particular unanimous consent request, but I don't think there  is any daylight between us in terms of what we are trying to do for  veterans.   I look forward to working with the chair to get to a good place and  to address in the Senate committee some of the concerns he has. For  that reason, I object.    Madam President, there are a million reasons why I love  North Carolina, but one of them is, it is a State of 10 million people.  Half those people live in urban areas. The other half live in rural  areas. One in ten people in the State are veterans--a State that  proudly claims having one of the fastest growing veteran populations in  the country.   When I go into the VA Committee and I look at what we have to do, I  don't look at it as coming from an urban State. I don't look at it as  coming from a rural State. In many respects, I think North Carolina is  a microcosm of the Nation as a whole.   When we look at some of the changes we want to make, what I hope we  get out of this review is what to do with the 430 empty buildings that  are as much as 90 years old that are owned by the VA. We may have to do  basic maintenance on them, but they are properties that may have a  historic value. Maybe we can convey them to the States and sell them  and use the resources to plow back into quality care for the veterans.   I can tell my friend from West Virginia that we share a mountain  range together. We share a lot of cultures out in the western part of  our State with West Virginia. There is no way on Earth that I would  allow the VA to move forward on something I felt was going further away  from providing quality care to any veterans anywhere in West Virginia,  North Carolina, or any other rural area.   On the one hand, we continue to say we don't have enough money for  veterans. On the other hand, we say we have to find some of those  additional resources by taking steps to make the VA more efficient and  shed the assets that are no longer providing value to the veterans. I,  for one, believe we can do it on a balanced basis.   As this process goes through, it is actually an authority the VA has  today. They haven't acted on it. We are trying to put more pressure on  them to make some concise decisions. The Senator from West Virginia has  my commitment that any instance where we see a decision being made by  the VA that is something that is going to take veterans further away  from care, I will be the first one to join him in making sure we don't  allow that to happen.   Thank you.   