 Mr. Speaker, in this rule, the wolves bare their fangs-- not American wolves, but Saudis, who are willing to sever heads,  dismember opponents, and bomb the innocent.   This rule is truly a wolf in wolf's clothing. By blocking a vote on  whether America should continue to aid and abet Saudi atrocities, this  Congress would remain an obedient lapdog to President Trump's impulses,  and not the watchdog for American values.  [[Page H9519]]    The Saudi ruthless war in Yemen has created what so many have  described as the largest humanitarian disaster on our planet today, and  yet it continues. American support for Saudi atrocities is truly a  stain on our Nation with which so many of our country members are not  familiar.   But without American spare parts, American targeting, American  weapons and bombs, and until recently, American refueling, this killing  could not occur. My colleague mentioned the school bus. Forty children  were murdered in August, and sprawled across the bomb that was next to  their bus were words that meant: ``Made in America.'' That is the  message that we are sending there. That is where American tax dollars  are going.   The Trump administration last week belatedly said it would stop  refueling. That is insufficient. If we are to stop Saudi killing, we  must stop all of the assistance that they are receiving.   Now, of course, there has been attention on Saudi murders of late in  a different area: about one person, about the dismemberment of a legal  American resident who was a leading journalist in this city.    Mr. Speaker, after taking the standing Trump approach of  denying everything--saying he accepted the lies and the denials of the  Saudis--Mr. Trump dodged again by saying, ``I am going to leave . . .  it up to Congress.'' And so what is this Congress doing about the  Khashoggi atrocity? Absolutely nothing. That is what should have been  in this rule, doing something about the sanctions and the disclosure.   Forty of us asked this past month for the administration to brief us  on what they knew before Mr. Khashoggi was murdered, and whether they  warned him about that, and we have had a deafening silence in response  to our request on that, and on cutting off assistance to Yemen.   Even an audio of the gruesome murder of Mr. Khashoggi--we don't know  whether it included the sound of the bone saw that the Saudis  apparently used to dismember him--but even a murder will not cause some  in this leadership to stand up to President Trump and this atrocious  regime.    Mr. Speaker, I look forward to a Congress with the  courage to end support for these crimes, to cease American sales to the  Saudis, and to do something to hold Mr. Khashoggi's killers  accountable.   But to say, wait until a much-improved new Congress comes into  session to do anything about it means that tonight and every day going  forward to January 3, more children will be starved; will be victims of  cholera; and will be victims of bombings and blockades. When this  Congress has the power to do something about it now, we ought to act  today by rejecting this rule.   