 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from California for  yielding.   When I think of California and I think of conservation, I think of  John Muir, the father of our national forests and the founder of the  Sierra Club. We have a lot to be proud of in California in John Muir.  His final resting place was there.   But when I think of conservation, I also think of a wonderful  Pennsylvanian conservationist by the name of Gifford Pinchot. Gifford  Pinchot was a noted Republican and Progressive conservationist to make  Pennsylvania proud. He was the Governor of Pennsylvania twice. He was  the first Chief of the United States Forest Service. Above all, he was  a pioneer in the American conservation movement. It makes me proud to  be from northeastern Pennsylvania where for many, many years Gifford  Pinchot lived.  [[Page H5503]]    Mr. Speaker, the Land and Water Conservation Fund's authorization  expires on September 30. This vital program, which has broad bipartisan  and bicameral support, should be made permanent and should be fully  funded.   I am proud to support H.R. 502, which permanently authorizes the Land  and Water Conservation Fund. It has bipartisan support from 231  cosponsors in the House. Over 30 Republican House Members recently  wrote to leadership expressing their support for reauthorizing the Land  and Water Conservation Fund this year.   LWCF plays an instrumental role in preserving and protecting our  precious drinking water, safeguarding our natural resources, and  providing pristine outdoor recreational spaces to millions of  Americans, all while creating jobs and supporting local economies.   Stakeholders work together to leverage LWCF funding with other State,  local, and private funds to make the most out of every LWCF dollar  spent. Without these Federal funds sparking the investment, we would  never amass the resources needed to protect critical tracts of land.   LWCF funds are almost always the critical piece of a puzzle that  allows precious land to be forever protected and preserved. It is the  funds from offshore gas and oil revenue that provide the funding for  LWCF, not taxpayer dollars.   We all benefit greatly from the LWCF and the lands that it protects.  The outdoor recreation economy generates $1 trillion per year and  supports 7.6 million American jobs. In my district alone, outdoor  recreation accounts for well over $1 billion a year. It is a sector  that also annually generates $65.3 billion in Federal tax revenue and  $59.2 billion in State and local tax revenue.   Our Federal investment in these historic, cultural, and recreational  landmarks and wildlife habitats generates a substantial return to the  American taxpayer.   As we speak, LWCF is making a dramatic difference in my own district.  We have worked for years to find the funds to take advantage of a once- in-a-lifetime opportunity to purchase and preserve a beautiful piece of  land in the Cherry Valley National Wildlife Refuge. LWCF helped  leverage funding from State, local, and private sources, but without  LWCF, this land would have been lost forever. I worked very hard in the  Appropriations Committee to make sure the LWCF had enough money  to acquire the full 2,931 acres in Cherry Valley.    But we shouldn't have to work this hard for every LWCF dollar. We  should be dedicating more money and permanently reauthorizing the LWCF  to complete more projects like Cherry Valley.   From historic battlefields like Gettysburg to the very home of  Gifford Pinchot--Grey Towers National Historic Site in Milford,  Pennsylvania--LWCF is providing critical funding to protect our most  important lands. It has wide-ranging bipartisan support, and it is past  time that we permanently reauthorize LWCF and give it the robust  funding that it so richly deserves.   