 Mr. President, after 2 years of hard work and because of  the determination and strength of David and Kate Grubb of Charleston,  WV, Jessie's Law was finally passed by Congress and signed into law,  and I thank each and every one of my colleagues for their support.   Jessie's Law is different from other pieces of legislation. Jessie's  Law will actually save lives and prevent parents from experiencing the  heartbreak of losing a child.   Jessie Grubb's story is known to many of you already, but for those  of you who haven't heard it and for those of you who don't know it, I  want to go over some of the highlights.   After years of struggling with heroin addiction, Jessie had been  doing very well. She had been sober for 6 months. She was focusing on  making a life for herself in Michigan and was training for a marathon.  She had surgery for an infection related to her running injury and died  the day after leaving the hospital. All of her hard work was ruined  because of a careless mistake.   Jessie's death is particularly heartbreaking because it was 100  percent preventable. Her parents, David and Kate, traveled to Michigan  for Jessie's surgery. Both Jesse and her parents told her doctors and  hospital personnel that she was a recovering addict. It was reflected  in her medical records in eight different places. However, it was not  highlighted the same as it would be when you have any type of an  allergy or if you go in and they ask--the question is usually asked-- are you allergic to penicillin? Then it is very much highlighted, to  the point that a mistake would not be made. This was not done.   After Jessie's surgery, the discharging doctor said he didn't know  she was a recovering addict and sent her home with a prescription for  50 oxycodone pills. She should never have been given a description for  opioid medication in the first place, as she had asked when she entered  the hospital.   With the passage of Jessie's Law, we have taken the critical step  toward saying that this will never happen again. Jessie's Law will  establish new standards for healthcare providers to ensure that when a  patient provides information about their opiate addiction, that  information is shared with their doctors and nurses and is flagged just  like we would flag a drug allergy. Having this critical information  will help ensure that healthcare providers can make medically  appropriate decisions about pain management for recovering opiate  addicts. This simple step could have saved Jessie's life, and we owe it  to her memory to make the change and keep other families from  experiencing the same pain.   It has been over 2 years. You would have thought this would have been  done within 2 weeks. It is such common sense. I don't think anyone  realized before that they could not or did not or were not responsible  for or were not by law supposed to basically make sure that every  record--every transcript that she had in that hospital should have been  marked and highlighted so nobody could have missed it.   Jessie's story and her family's pain are all too common in West  Virginia and throughout this Nation. In 2016, 884 West Virginians lost  their lives due to overdose. We have the highest loss of life per  capita in the Nation--the highest in the Nation. Every hour, five  people die from an opiate overdose. With continued support and tireless  work from everyone, we can beat this epidemic once and for all.  Jessie's legacy will save people's lives and will prevent parents and  families from dealing with the pain and tragedy of losing a child.   David and Kate, Jessie's parents, have been determined from day one  to make sure Jessie's death wasn't meaningless, and I am honored to say  that Jessie's legacy will live on for a long, long time--long after we  are gone. I talked to David and Kate today, and I can't tell you how  elated they were to know that it will finally pass in a piece of  legislation we will be voting on shortly. It is going to save a lot of  heartache and a lot of pain and the tragedy that families suffer.   This was a beautiful young lady, as you can see. She was very  intelligent, very athletic. She just happened to fall into the pits of  this horrible epidemic we have.   We thought when we first heard it that it was just an oversight, but  there are the HIPAA laws and all the different concerns that people  have for privacy, and we weren't able to change it. The Presiding  Officer, being a physician, knows how hospitals work and how the  information is treasured and guarded. But this was one where we  thought, my goodness, if there is an allergy, if you are allergic to  penicillin--if I come into the hospital as a patient and tell you that  I am a recovering addict, so please make sure that everyone in this  hospital knows that I have had an addiction and that I still have  addiction problems that I will have all my life, but I am recovering-- Jessie was 6 months sober, and for some reason, it was not identified.   Jessie's legacy will live on and the courage her parents have had to  fight this fight so that we all can share it with the rest of the  country, and maybe save countless lives throughout the country and each  one of our States, and all the parents who suffer through this.   The lives of David and Kate will be forever changed, but they have  the beautiful memory of this beautiful young lady, 30 years of age,  Jessie Grubb.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   