 Mr. President, I wish to take this opportunity to express  my support for the 20,000 men and women of Immigration and Customs  Enforcement. They work hard every day to keep drugs off our streets, to  stop human trafficking, to protect our communities from gang violence,  and, yes, to enforce our immigration laws. Theirs can be a thankless  job, but they do it with courage, dedication, and professionalism. So  I, for one, want to say thank you.   I wish to point out the overwhelming support that House Republicans  showed for ICE yesterday, which stands in stark contrast to the  contemptible display put on by House Democrats. On a simple resolution  merely expressing support for the men and women of ICE, only 18  Democrats voted yes, 8 skipped the vote, 34 voted no, and 133 Democrats  voted present, which is the same thing as no. That is a pretty sad  state of affairs. Thirty-four Democrats condemned the men and women of  ICE, and 141 Democrats don't even have the courage of their  conviction--they don't even have the guts to vote yes or no--because we  all know that Democrats, in their heart of hearts, want to abolish ICE.  The way they tell it, ICE is a rogue agency driven by hatred and spite  to tear apart communities.   Congressman Pocan of Wisconsin said that ICE is ``ripping at the  moral fabric of our nation.''   Congresswoman Jayapal of Washington said that ``ICE is out of  control.''   Congressman Blumenauer of Oregon calls ICE ``toxic.''   The senior Senator from Massachusetts said that we should replace ICE  ``with something that reflects our values,'' which I suppose means that  the 20,000 men and women of ICE don't measure up to the professor's  definition of our values. I have to ask, isn't the rule of law one of  those values? Because ICE's job is simply to enforce the law and to  protect our citizens from crime.   In the last year alone, ICE arrested more than 125,000 illegal aliens  with criminal records. Those illegal aliens were responsible for more  than 80,000 DUIs, 76,000 dangerous drug offenses, 48,000 assaults,  11,000 weapon offenses, 5,000 sexual assaults, 2,000 kidnappings, and  1,800 homicides. Yes, that is right, almost 2,000 souls would still be  on this Earth but for those illegal alien criminals. ICE's  investigative arm seized more than 980,000 pounds of narcotics last  year. These men and women are on the frontlines of the war on drugs and  the opioid crisis in particular. Do the Democrats really believe we  should put all these efforts on hold?   This call to abolish ICE is so irresponsible that even some  Democrats--those not running for President or beholden to the radical  left--are speaking out against this.   Jeh Johnson, President Obama's former Secretary of Homeland Security,  said that it ``is not a serious policy proposal'' and ``would  compromise public safety.'' He pointed out that even those who opposed  the Vietnam war wouldn't have demanded that we abolish the Department  of Defense.   Eric Holder, President Obama's former Attorney General, said, ``I  don't think that substantively or politically that makes a great deal  of sense,'' calling it ``a gift to Republicans.''   Sarah Saldana, who ran ICE under President Obama, has called it  ``nonsensical.''   Perhaps the most insightful comment came from former Senator Joe  Lieberman of Connecticut. He said, ``This makes no sense unless you no  longer want any rules on immigration or customs to be enforced.'' And  that, I would contend, is the whole point.   Those who want to abolish ICE just want open borders. The very bill  House Democrats have introduced to abolish ICE doesn't even say which  Federal agency should assume its critical law enforcement duties. They  leave it up to a commission. The reason, I submit, is that they don't  really care. Their obsession with open borders is so great  [[Page S5083]]  that they are willing to risk public safety to achieve it. These  irresponsible politicians should know better. They aren't worthy to  lead the brave, hard-working men and women of ICE. These officers are  just trying to do their jobs and to keep us safe. On behalf of a  grateful nation, I conclude by again extending them my deepest thanks.   I yield the floor.   