 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3542, the Hamas Human Shields  Prevention Act.   Mr. Speaker, this is an act that came before our committee and was  adopted unanimously by voice vote. I was there. My hearing has been  tested recently, and there was not one dissenting voice. I thank  Representatives Wilson and Moulton for their leadership in authoring  the Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act, and I am proud to be a  cosponsor.   This legislation calls out the cowardly use of human shields by Hamas  and the Palestinian Islamic Jihad. It sanctions anyone who supports or  takes part in this horrific practice.   Let us be perfectly clear about what is at stake. There are  designated terrorist entities using innocent civilians, even innocent  children, as a means to camouflage their arsenals. Every time Hamas  does this, every time it is done by Palestinian Islamic Jihad, the  leadership is making a horrific statement: they put a higher value on  their efforts to kill Israeli civilians than they do on the lives of  Gaza's civilians.   Keep in mind, this practice is a violation of the Geneva Conventions  and the rules and laws of war. It is a war crime and should, indeed, be  sanctioned by the United Nations.   First and foremost, this is an issue of basic human rights. Hamas has  forced civilians to gather on the roofs of their homes so they can hide  terrorist military leaders and weapons below. Hamas has even built  their tunnels that they use to move weapons and fighters right under  civilian infrastructure. This puts hospitals, schools, mosques,  markets, and innocent Palestinians at great risk.   It doesn't stop there. Hamas purposely puts rockets in U.N.  facilities, compelling the U.N. to launch daily inspections of each of  their facilities during times of heightened tension and putting  international personnel in harm's way.   Hamas' use of human shields also raises important national security  concerns for Israel. Unlike Palestinian terrorist groups--groups that  seek to kill as many Israeli civilians as possible--in contrast with  that, the Israeli Defense Forces are not blind and cannot be blind to  the plight of innocent civilians.   That is why the Israeli Government has tried to warn Palestinian  civilians of upcoming strikes, including evacuation notices, text  messages and calls, and even low-explosive warning ``knocks.'' These  warnings don't just give innocent civilians the opportunity to  evacuate. They also put the terrorists on notice that strikes are  imminent, giving them an opportunity to escape.   The Israeli Government has made an explicit decision. They care  enough about warning and saving the lives of Palestinian civilians that  they are willing to give an advantage to terrorist groups--groups who  are trying to kill as many Israeli civilians as they possibly can.   The contrast, therefore, is astounding. While Israel has made bold  investments in early warning apps on Israeli phones and developed the  Iron Dome, along with the United States, to protect Israeli civilians  from incoming  [[Page H1086]]  missiles, Hamas makes no effort to protect Gaza civilians and engages  in activities designed to cause Gaza civilians to be killed.   Hamas puts innocent civilians in the line of fire. They hide their  weapons and their leadership beneath schools and hospitals. Then, when  Gaza children die, when innocent men and women are blown apart, Hamas'  leadership cheers quietly at what they perceive as a propaganda coup  against the Israeli Defense Forces.   That is why I support sanctions against Hamas and any of its  supporting organizations and individuals that facilitate the use of  human shields.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I have no other speakers on this side, so I will make a few remarks  in closing. Mr. Speaker, I want to put this legislation in the broader  context of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. A Palestinian state will  never be born as a result of the use of human shields. No country can  make peace with a group that uses its own women and children in that  manner, and no country can build peace with an entity that makes the  violation of the Geneva Conventions and the international rules of law  established military policy.   I am a firm believer in a two-state solution that results in a secure  Jewish State of Israel and a peaceful Palestinian state by its side. I  hope that this legislation will help move toward that end because it  seeks to empower those who want to make peace and sanctions those who  cheapen human life and violate international law.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, which passed in our  committee without a dissenting voice.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in support of H. Res. 129 calling on the Department of Defense  and other elements of the Federal Government and foreign governments to  intensify efforts to investigate, recover, and identify all missing and  unaccounted-for personnel of the United States.   I rise in support of H. Res. 129, which affirms our government's  commitment to investigating and recovering missing American personnel.  I especially want to thank Representative Sam Johnson, not only for  introducing this resolution but for embodying our dedication to those  who are captured or missing, whose service to this country, 7 years as  a POW, three of those in solitary confinement, exemplify the highest  honor of our military forces.   I also want to thank Chairman Royce for bringing this resolution  forward. Our brave servicemembers risk their lives for our country  every day, and when they go missing, we owe it to them never to give  up. No matter how many years pass, no matter how many miles we must  travel, our search for them must continue.   More than 83,000 personnel of the United States are still unaccounted  for around the world from past wars and conflicts. This is the  equivalent of an entire city, and their families are mourning the loss  of ones they hold dear.   Although an estimated 50,000 of these are World War II personnel lost  at sea and, sadly, unlikely to ever be recovered, we must continue our  efforts whenever there is any possibility of discovering and recovering  an American who has been lost in the service of our country.   Our brave men and women expect that when they make the ultimate  sacrifice, we will make extraordinary efforts to recover them, and if  we don't do exactly that, we are not only failing those families but  also one of our military's most sacred principles: ``leave no man or  woman behind.''   We honor this principle because it reminds us that, unlike many of  our enemies, whose soldiers are viewed as expendable pawns of the  regime, we value each and every life. Those missing in action need to  be returned home to their families where they belong.   This resolution has a simple message for our government. It is time  to intensify our efforts to investigate, recover, identify, and account  as fully as possible for all those missing and unaccounted-for American  personnel. It also urges foreign governments to cooperate with us in  these important efforts so that every soldier, sailor, airman, and  marine gets the homecoming they deserve.   Thank you to all the men and women who have served and continue to  serve our great country and the principles we stand for. I urge my  colleagues to support this resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, having no speakers on my side, I yield  myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I want to add my voice to the voice of every other  speaker on this resolution, for what an honor it has been to serve with  Sam Johnson and to see his example of service on the floor of this  House every day.   I want to reiterate the importance of this resolution. It sends a  critical message to our military families that their sacrifices are not  forgotten. Our government must never give up until every last American  is returned to their families and to their homeland.   Today, it is easy to think of Congress as a body divided between  Republicans and Democrats, but, ultimately, we are all Americans, and  each and every one of us owes a huge debt of gratitude to our troops  serving today and those who have served in the past. Their valor and  courage have defined our Nation's course. We applaud them, we honor  them, and we will do everything in our power to see that those who  remain unaccounted-for are returned home.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   