 Madam President, U.S. Senators shouldn't get an award  for restoring the appropriations process any more than Boy Scouts and  Girl Scouts should get a merit badge for telling the truth because that  is what we are supposed to do, but the fact is, last week and tonight  we have taken an appropriations process, which has been incomplete and  broken for the last several years, and we have done what we are  supposed to do.   Sometimes the U.S. Senate has been like joining the Grand Ole Opry  and not being allowed to sing.   Senator McConnell said before he became majority leader in 2015 that  his goal was to follow the example of the Senate majority leader, Mike  Mansfield, who was the leader when Mitch McConnell was a young  legislative intern. Mitch McConnell said he wanted to open up the  Senate, and for quite a while, that turned out to be the case.   As Senator McConnell has said: In the last year of the Democratic  majority in 2014, there were only 15 rollcall votes on amendments the  entire year. In the first year of the Republican majority--that is  2015--there were over 200.   One example from the committee of which I chair--the Health,  Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee--was the bill fixing No Child  Left Behind. Working with Senator Murray, on the floor we considered 81  amendments. We had rollcall votes on 24, and we adopted 11. We had  voice votes to accept 28, and we agreed to 27 amendments by unanimous  consent. That was the bill to fix No Child Left Behind.   Another example is the Energy and Water appropriations bill we  considered 2 years ago. Working with Senator Feinstein of California,  the Senate voted on 21 amendments and adopted 14.   This year, we have fallen back into our bad habits with few amendment  votes, but over this past week, we took an important step toward  restoring the practice of considering appropriations bills under  regular order.   Just on the Energy and Water appropriations bill--one of the three we  will be voting on tonight--we have worked together in a fair and  bipartisan manner to get a result. We held three hearings, a  subcommittee markup, a full committee markup. Eighty-three Senators  made suggestions during the committee process--almost all of which we  tried to accommodate in one way or another. Then, in committee, seven  amendments were included in the managers' package, plus we had two  rollcall votes and adopted one amendment.   Then, on the floor, the Energy and Water appropriations bill has been  considered with Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related  Agencies appropriations bill and the Legislative Branch appropriations  bill. For this package of bills, we adopted 7 amendments by rollcall  and another 34 by unanimous consent. That adds up to what one might  call restoring the practice of regular order for appropriations from  start to finish.   The committee process has almost always been done. The part that has  often been missing was the last part, the floor consideration. That is  what is different about this year.   I thank Senator McConnell and Senator Schumer--the two leaders-- working with Senator Shelby and Senator Leahy--the chairman and ranking  member--for creating an environment in which we can get this done. It  wouldn't have happened if they had not done that.   I also thank Senator Boozman, Senator Daines, Senator Feinstein,  Senator Murphy, as well as Senator Schatz. We all worked together last  week and got a result.   As I said at the beginning, Senators shouldn't get a pat on the back  for doing what we are supposed to do any more than Boy Scouts should  get a merit badge for telling the truth, but we have done what we are  supposed to do. It is an encouraging sign, and I hope it sets a  precedent.   For several years now, bipartisan majorities in Congress have  appropriated record levels of taxpayer dollars for government-sponsored  research, science, and technology. This hasn't always been noticed.  President Trump has signed two of these appropriation bills, and I want  to suggest that the President include government-sponsored research,  science, and technology as part of his ``America First'' agenda.   A principal reason the United States produces 24 percent of all the  money in the world for just 5 percent of the people is the  extraordinary concentration of brain power in the United States,  supported by Federal dollars through our National Institutes of Health,  our National Laboratories, the National Science Foundation, and other  agencies.   Senator Gardner of Colorado dropped by my office the other day, and  he said this: I was flying over the Middle East, and I looked down, and  there were cars everywhere. I thought, well, Henry Ford invented the  assembly line. Then it got to be dark, and there were lights  everywhere, and I thought, well, Thomas Edison invented the light bulb.  We were flying at 30,000 feet, and I thought, well, the Wright brothers  invented the airplane. They are all Americans. I got to thinking, of  course, that is not all. We have invented the internet, polio vaccine,  the personal computer, nuclear power.   You could make a long list. It is hard to think of any major  technological invention since World War II that didn't have some  support from government-sponsored research.   So I would like to tell President Trump and the Office of Management  and Budget that science, research, innovation, and technology is what  helped to make America first and that he include that in his America  First agenda.   The funding in this bill is a good first step toward doing that. It  prioritizes Federal spending to keep America first in energy research,  and it increases funding to build the fastest supercomputers in the  world, and develop the next generation of supercomputers.   Two weeks ago, Energy Secretary Rick Perry traveled to Oak Ridge,  where he announced that the United States will regain the No. 1  position in supercomputing in the world. We compete for that every year  with China and Japan. To stay ahead of China and Japan and other  countries--those in  [[Page S4360]]  Europe, for example--that are emphasizing science and technology and  research costs money, but it is important to note that we have been  able to do that with bipartisan majorities over the last several  years--not by overspending. We did it by setting priorities.   The record funding that is part of this bipartisan budget agreement  is a part of the 30 percent of the spending in the Federal budget that  has been going up at about the rate of inflation for the last 10 years,  and, according to the Congressional Budget Office, it will go up a  little bit more than the rate of inflation for the next 10 years.   So our record funding is achieved by setting priorities within budget  limits. It is not the part of the Federal budget that is breaking the  bank. That is the entitlement part, not the National Laboratories, not  the national defense, not the National Institutes of Health, and not  the national parks. They are within the part of the budget that is  under control.   Funding in this bill supports several important agencies, including  the U.S. Department of Energy, the Corps of Engineers, the National  Nuclear Security Administration, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the  Bureau of Reclamation, the Regional Commissions, including the  Appalachian Regional Commission and the Delta Regional Authority.   For the fourth consecutive year, as I was saying, we have included  record funding levels in regular appropriations bills for the following  activities: The U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science. This is  the outfit that funds our 17 National Laboratories--our secret weapon.  No other country in the world has National Laboratories like we do. The  Office of Science is the Nation's largest supporter of research in the  physical sciences. It is funded at $6.65 billion, a new record level of  funding.   The Office of Science provides funding for the laboratories,  including the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. Funding for the Office of  Science would increase by 6 percent next year if this legislation  becomes law.   Or let's take supercomputing. I mentioned that Secretary Perry went  to the Oak Ridge National Laboratory last week. This bill provides a  total of $1.68 billion for high-performance computing, including $980  million within the Office of Science and $703 million within the  National Nuclear Security Administration. This amount includes $677  million to deliver at least one exascale machine in 2021 to reassert  U.S. leadership in this critical area.   This funding has been provided, on a bipartisan basis, for 10 years.  I remember Senator Bingaman of New Mexico encouraging me to go to Japan  to see their supercomputer when Japan was No. 1 in the world. Because  of that after 10 years of effort and support from Presidents Bush,  Obama, and Trump, when they signed the bill, America is now No. 1 in  supercomputing.   Or take an agency we call ARPA-E. It is funded at $375 million,  record funding for a regular appropriations bill. ARPA-E, which is sort  of a funny name, has a cousin with a funny name that is a little better  known, named DARPA. DARPA is in the Department of Defense. Out of it  has come wondrous new technologies from stealth to the internet, for  example.   So, 10 years ago, Congress decided to make an energy equivalent of  DARPA, and we fund it every year to invest in high-impact energy  technologies and quickly get these technologies out into the private  sector.   Another important part of this bill is the focus on efforts to clean  up hazardous materials on Cold War-era sites. It provides $7.2 billion  to support environmental cleanup, which is $581 million above the  President's budget request.   Still another important part of this bill is the U.S. Army Corps of  Engineers, which touches the lives of almost all Americans. Based upon  the number of appropriations requests we get each year, the Corps of  Engineers is the Federal Government's most popular agency.   The Corps maintains our inland waterways. It deepens and keeps our  ports open. It looks after many of our recreational waters and lands.  It manages the river levels to prevent flooding. And its dams provide  emission-free, renewable hydroelectric energy.   I can recall when I was a member of the Environment and Public Works  Committee, after the Missouri and Mississippi Rivers flooded, a whole  room full of Senators showed up to ask for more money for their States  to deal with what was wrong and to make things right. There is a real  interest in what the Corps does.   The bill restores $2.142 billion that was cut by the President's  budget request, bringing the Corps' budget up to $6.9 billion--a new  record level of funding in a regular appropriations bill.   For the fifth consecutive year, the bill makes full use of the Inland  Waterways Trust Fund revenues for water infrastructure projects. What  that means is we take the tax money we collect from people who use the  locks, and we spend it all on what we are supposed to spend it for,  which is making the locks better.   The bill also provides funding that exceeds the Harbor Maintenance  Trust Fund spending targets established by the Water Resources  Development Act in 2014.   This is the fifth consecutive year that the bill has met or exceeded  that target, which is necessary to adequately fund our Nation's  harbors, including the ones in Mobile, in Savannah, in Long Beach, and  many others across the country.    There is $14.8 billion for the National Nuclear Security  Administration, including $1.9 billion for six life extension programs,  which fix or replace components of weapons systems to make sure they  are safe and reliable.   We fund the Nuclear Regulatory Commission which oversees our 99  nuclear reactors. Nuclear power provides 20 percent of our electricity  and more than half of our carbon-free electricity.   We include funding to ensure that the Nuclear Regulatory Commission  is prepared to review applications for new reactors, particularly small  reactors, advanced reactors, and to extend the licenses of our existing  reactors when it is safe to do so.   The bill also provides $47 million for research and development for  the Department of Energy to support existing reactors, $30 million for  the Center for Advanced Simulation of Light Water Reactors, and $30  million for the transformational challenge reactor.   The legislation also includes a pilot program that Senator Feinstein  especially has pushed, and I have joined her, to consolidate nuclear  waste and move it away from the sites where they now are. Funding is  also there to take the first steps toward being able to store nuclear  waste in private facilities.   In conclusion, it is important that the American people know that the  Republican majority in Congress has worked with Democrats to provide  record levels of funding for science, research, and technology. We want  to keep America first on both sides of the aisle, and this bipartisan  support is not limited to the Energy and Water Development  Appropriations Subcommittee. It is true in our other subcommittees as  well.   The National Science Foundation has increased by $200 million this  year and another $300 million for next year. It gives 11,000 grants to  universities and institutions around the country. And, perhaps most  important, in fiscal year 2018, for the third straight year, the  subcommittee chaired by Senator Blunt and Senator Murray provided  increased funding for the National Institutes of Health and biomedical  research--$2 billion additional dollars in the first year, $2 billion  the second year, and $2 billion the third year, which is in addition to  the money--nearly $5 billion--in the 21st Century Cures Act that  focuses on the Precision Medicine Initiative and the Cancer Moonshot,  among other things.   Senator Blunt says that over 3 years, that is a 23-percent increase.   So I would say two things to those who haven't noticed this quiet  development. No. 1: Congress is doing what it is supposed to do. We are  not asking for an award any more than the Boy Scouts get a merit badge  for telling the truth, but we are doing what we are supposed to do on  appropriations from start to finish on these three bills.   No. 2: We are funding science and research and technology at record  levels--record levels. It is important to keep America competitive in  the world.  [[Page S4361]]    I thank our staffs who have worked together on this bill. On my staff  are Tyler Owens, Adam DeMella, Meyer Seligman, Jen Armstrong, Molly  Marsh, and Rachel Littleton.   On Senator Feinstein's staff are Doug Clapp, Chris Hanson, and  Samantha Nelson.   I look forward to continuing with the regular order and going to  conference with the House of Representatives. I urge my colleagues to  vote in support of this legislation.   I thank Senator Leahy and Senator Schatz, who are both on the floor,  as well as Senator Schumer, Senator McConnell, and the other Senators  who have spoken today for creating an environment that allows us to  succeed.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   