 Mr. President, I rise to address an amendment that I  worked on with my colleague Senator Corker from Tennessee. It is an  amendment that I hope we are going to get a vote on today because I  think it is timely, it is important, and it is really a measure that  would simply restore to Congress a responsibility that the Constitution  assigns to Congress.   So what am I talking about? I am talking about the amendment that we  have crafted that would simply require that before a President--this  President or any other President--can invoke section 232 of our trade  law, which is the provision that grants the President special powers  when the national security of America is threatened or is at risk and  gives him the power to impose tariffs in that situation, what this  amendment would do is that it would say that when a President makes the  determination that he wants to impose tariffs because it is essential  for the security of our country, he could do so as long as he has the  assent from Congress. It would require an expedited process and a  simple majority vote. It couldn't be dragged out. It couldn't be  filibustered, but it would ultimately be congressional responsibility.   Now, why do I say that this would be restoring to Congress its  constitutional power? Well, it is because the Constitution is very  unambiguous about this. Article I, section 8, clause 1 states that  ``the Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties,  Imposts and Excises.''   It goes on from there. Duties are tariffs, and I don't think anybody  disputes that. So article I, section 8, clause 1 assigns that  responsibility to Congress.   Clause 3 goes on further to make it clear that this is Congress's  responsibility, by stating that the Congress shall have the power ``To  regulate Commerce with foreign Nations.'' Well, the imposition of  duties clearly is an exercise in regulating commerce with foreign  nations.   Now, over time the Congress has ceded authority in this area-- unwisely, in my view--to the Executive, and that has been going on for  decades. There is no question about it. The Executive now has a lot of  authority under powers that Congress has delegated to the President.  Frankly, it is part of a broader trend of congressional powers that are  being delegated to the executive branch, to regulators, agencies, and  to the Cabinet. I think it is a mistake. I think this is a  congressional responsibility. We ought to take that responsibility, and  we ought to take it seriously.   Why do I think it is important in this particular case? Because, in  my view, this section 232 provision is being misused. It is meant to  ensure that our Defense Department can procure defensive materials  needed in time of war. That was the real motivation behind creating  this power for the President to block foreign trade in the event that  our national security depended on it. What do we have instead? We have  this provision being invoked as a way to impose tariffs on some of our  closest allies, our closest friends, and most important trading  partners--in fact, the Canadians, the Mexicans, and the European  Union--over very small amounts of steel that we import. In the case of  Canada, it is really quite amazing. Do we have a closer ally than our  next-door neighbor, Canada, the country that sends troops to fight  alongside ours whenever we have a need to do that, a country with whom  we have massive amount of trade in both directions, a country with whom  we have a balance of trade overall, a country where we actually have a  surplus in steel? What we are doing is we are imposing taxes on  Americans, taxes on my constituents if they choose to buy steel from  Canada, and we are saying that is necessary for national security  purposes. Of course, it is not. It has nothing to do with national  security, and the Secretary of Commerce admitted as much before our  committee last week when he said what it is really about is getting the  Canadians to agree to the changes the administration wants to make in  NAFTA. Well, I don't agree with those changes in the first place.   So we are misusing a national security element of our law to punish  American consumers for products that originate from one of the  friendliest countries on the planet with respect to our country, and I  think this is a problem. By the way, it is not the first time that we  have had really dubious trade policy from the administration. I totally  disagreed with the Mexican sugar deal that was negotiated. It is a  protectionist bill that treats domestic sugar growers very, very well.  They get an artificially high price for their sugar, and all of us who  are consumers of sugar pay too high a price. Then we had tariffs  imposed on solar panels and washing machines. We now are finding that,  first, we had tariffs on Canadians, Mexicans, Europeans, and South  Koreans. Then, there was relief. But, then, that expired, and now the  tariffs are back.   We have gone too far down the road. This has become very disruptive.  This is bad for our economy, it is bad for my constituents, and,  fundamentally, it is a responsibility that we have. It is in the  Constitution. It says so.   So what this amendment does is that it simply says: Look, the  President can invoke 232; the President can invoke national security if  he sees fit, but he has to come back to Congress for an expedited up- or-down vote.   Frankly, that is exactly what our responsibility is. This bill is  relevant. The ag community is more adversely affected by the  retaliation against these ill-conceived tariffs than any other sector  of the economy I can think of. This is the bill that addresses ag  policy. This is the right moment to have this debate and to decide  whether we want to take the responsibility that the Constitution  assigns to us or not.   By the way, I get that not everybody agrees with what Senator Corker  and I and others are trying to do, but I hope everybody acknowledges  that the role of the Senate is to debate and vote on tough issues. That  is part of what we are sent here to do--to decide what our policy will  be--and that necessarily includes having a debate and having a vote.  [[Page S4470]]    So I think my colleague from Tennessee is going to make a request  that we be able to consider this amendment and vote on this. I  wholeheartedly support this effort. I think it is very, very important.   I yield the floor.    Will the Senator yield?    Madam President, I thank my colleague from Tennessee.   I will put aside how stunned I was to hear that my colleague from  Ohio has suggested that maybe we want to emulate the Communist-managed  economy of China as a good model for economic development. That is just  breathtaking to me. But I really want to stress the point that the  Senator from Tennessee made, and that is the fact that this amendment  has nothing to do with China.   We can go on all day about how outrageous some Chinese behavior is in  the trade space. It is true; there is really bad behavior, and, by the  way, we need to address that.   We would be better able to address things like the theft of  intellectual property and porous technology transfer if our allies were  working with us to address that outrageous behavior. But it is harder  to get your allies to work with you when you are hitting them with  tariffs and the excuse is national security.   Let me just put a little bit of scale to this. Our colleague  suggested how important it is that these industries survive. I  completely agree. Domestic producers produce 75 percent of all the  steel we consume. We import about 25 percent of it. Do you know how  much of that comes from China? About 2 percent of the 25 percent. We  don't import steel from China; that is the reality.   We do import a little bit of steel. The No. 1 source is Canada, which  buys more steel from us than we buy from them.   So that is our national security threat; that is why we need to hit  my constituents with a tax when they choose to buy those kinds of steel  the Canadians happen to specialize in and Americans don't. This makes  no sense at all.   Finally, my last point is this: We have sincerely held differences of  opinions on this. Why can't we vote? Isn't that what the Senate is here  for? Let's debate this, let's consider this, and let's have a vote. I  didn't think the purpose of the Senate was to avoid votes that people  think are tough or challenging or that they even disagree with. I fully  accept disagreement. I don't expect unanimous agreement on the outcome,  on the policy. But why in the world is this a body that can't have a  debate and vote about something as timely, important, and relevant as  this?   