 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for recognizing me  tonight.   Mr. Speaker, we know our immigration system is broken and desperately  in need of reform. No sovereign country in the world is scrutinized the  way America is just for simply wanting to secure our borders.   For decades, the United States has taken in millions of immigrants.  In fact, that number is about a million per year, and that is something  we are going to continue to do.   Immigrants, historically, have been a major asset to the growth and  prosperity of our country. However, the issue before America is not  legal immigration but illegal immigration.   It is interesting to me that, throughout the years, Democrats have  supported securing our borders. In 2006, the Secure Fence Act was  signed into law by President Bush authorizing 700 miles of border fence  and $50 billion in total maintenance. That is a far stretch from the  small $5 billion, in comparison, that President Trump is asking for  today.   We should remember that the Secure Fence Act passed through Congress  with bold and broad Democrat support.   So in 2013, we should also remember that Senator Schumer himself  sponsored a bill that invested $46 billion in border security  improvements that added 700 miles of border fencing. That is $41  billion more than what President Trump is currently asking for.   So what changed, Mr. Speaker, between now and then? Simply, politics.  Politics is the only thing that has changed. But, to me, securing our  country's borders and making sure people feel safe should be above  politics.   Our ICE agents and Border Patrol need the necessary resources to do  their jobs effectively and with confidence. It is hard to plug a leak  when you are working with the wrong tools. The solution is simply to  shut off the water at the source.   In closing, I would pose these questions to my friends across the  aisle: If now is not the time to secure our border, then when is? If  not today, then when? And where do we go from here?   If we can't come together to solve a problem that both Republicans  and Democrats know exists, I worry that our tribal political  environment will hold the security of American citizens hostage for  years to come.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my Democrat colleagues to turn back the clock and  remember a time when putting the country first was more important than  putting the party first.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his friendship and for his  time.   