 Mr. Chairman, I thank our chairman of the full committee  and the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Barr from Kentucky, for  bringing this bill, H.R. 3326, to the floor today because this is  precisely what the American people want out of their government in  Washington, D.C.: accountability.   Mr. Chairman, our constituents ask us all the time: Do you monitor  the money that you send and spend around the world to further America's  interests?   There are always a lot of people just kind of looking around. And how  do we verify that?   Well, Mr. Chairman, here is an opportunity to verify that. This  important piece of legislation would require the World Bank to  implement real incentives, particularly through staff evaluation  standards, that prioritize antipoverty results and capable project  management over just the volume of loans they produce. It is that  classic management expertise, quality over quantity.   Of course we want poverty eradicated. The taxpayers of this country  wouldn't vote for us to approve spending like this if it wasn't done  right to further America's interests around the world and to alleviate  poverty around the world.   If the World Bank is serious about that, then it would defend the  poorest's freedoms more vigorously. In other words, Mr. Chairman, no  reforms like we propose, then poverty is not eradicated; the poor are  not helped.   So H.R. 3326 insists on greater efforts by the World Bank to fight  corruption in its projects. Just because the World Bank may have to  work in corrupt environments does not mean it needs to add to the graft  by pouring money in it for the taking. No one is for that. That is why  the vote was 60-0.   That is why the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. Moore) was so  supportive of this in our subcommittee. It withholds appropriations  until the World Bank raises the quality of its work, raises the quality  of its forensic audits, which are designed to unmask the systemic  corruption we find in the Third World, inadvertently or advertently  supported by the efforts of the World Bank.   We are tired of it. That is why, on a bipartisanship basis, we  support the foreign policy goals contained in H.R. 3326.   Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend, Mr. Barr, for his thoughtful work to  implement this. These are needed changes. These are bipartisanship  changes. These improve transparency, end corruption, better spend our  taxpayer resources, and demand accountability of the World Bank, which  is notoriously unaccountable. I thank Mr. Barr and I thank Mr.  Hensarling for their efforts.   