 Mr. President, under our Constitution, we have article  I, which addresses the powers of Congress, and article II, the powers  of the Presidency. Our Founders were so concerned that the President  would take us into war without justification that they made sure to  explicitly place the power to go to war with Congress--with the House  and Senate.   But here we are, debating the issue of how the President took us into  war in Yemen as a facilitator of Saudi Arabia, providing intelligence,  providing advice, refueling planes, providing armaments. It is time for  us to take a powerful and clear stand and change this and end this.   Here is what has been going on. For multiple years now, Saudi Arabia  has been bombing the civilian infrastructure of Yemen, indiscriminately  slaughtering civilians, destroying schools and hospitals and  neighborhoods and water systems. What is the result of destroying the  water systems? The largest outbreak of cholera in the history of  humankind. We now have well over 100 children under the age of 5 dying  of hunger and starvation each day. We are told by the experts that 8 to  14 million people are at risk of starvation, but many are already  starving, and not just children under 5--the whole spectrum of society.   We have been directly involved in ways that, in my mind, violate the  War Powers Act by directly facilitating the movement of armaments and  assisting Saudi Arabia in this assault, and this assault must end. We  have to send a strong message, and we can do that through this vote we  are facing ahead of us. That is one piece of the conversation regarding  Saudi Arabia.   The other piece is that the Saudi Government has assassinated an  American resident--an American resident who is also an American  newspaper columnist. What do we have as a response? We have the weakest  possible response from President Trump, with President Trump saying  that we don't know what happened. The Saudi Crown Prince may have been  involved; he might not have been involved. Who will ever know?   We need a strong watchdog for American values. We need the President  to stand up to Saudi Arabia. We don't need to hear that we are going to  be weak in the face of an assassination of an American resident because  they happen to buy armaments from the United States. Yet that is what  we are hearing from President Trump--weakness, selling out American  values because they buy some American products.   What more trouble can we invite around the world if we don't stand up  for human rights and we don't stand up for our residents and we don't  stand up for our journalists, all tied in together here?   Let's be forceful in how we vote on this resolution. Let's send a  strong message.   This challenge of the President in ignoring the article I powers in  our Constitution, in which the power to be involved in war is vested in  this body, Congress, is not the only problem we have. We also have core  corruption of our Constitution in the form of gerrymandering and voter  suppression and dark money, all of which erode the fundamental vision,  the vision in our Constitution of a ``we the people'' government, one  that serves as President Lincoln so eloquently said, to operate ``of  the people, by the people, for the people.'' Instead, we have the  government operating of, by, and for the powerful in this country--the  1 percent in this country.   It certainly wasn't done in 2017 with a tax bill that took $1.5  trillion--or call it $2 trillion, if you include the interest on the  $1.5 trillion--out of our Federal Treasury and gave it to the very  richest Americans. Boy, that is not a ``we the people'' action.   We didn't invest in healthcare. We didn't invest in education. We  need apprenticeship programs. We need technical education. We need  better public  [[Page S7502]]  schools. We need affordable colleges. We didn't invest in education. We  didn't make our healthcare system more affordable. We didn't take on  the drug companies. We didn't proceed to invest in the challenge of  unaffordable housing. We didn't invest in infrastructure and create  living-wage jobs. Those are the four foundations of a thriving family-- healthcare, housing, education, and living-wage jobs. We ignored all of  that and had the government of the powerful giving $1.5 trillion or $2  trillion, if we include the interest, to the richest Americans-- government by and for the powerful.   Voter suppression is a key strategy in this. What did President  Reagan have to say about that? President Reagan said: ``For this Nation  to remain true to its principles, we cannot allow any American's vote  to be denied, diluted or defiled.''   Now, there is a statement by a man who understood that voting is the  foundation of our democratic republic--a core right of Americans--and  he believed we needed to stand up and make sure that core value remains  fully intact. But so often in our Nation we have seen those who wield  power for the powerful proceed to deny or dilute or defile the power to  vote, particularly in poor communities, particularly in communities of  color.   We have seen everything. We have seen poll taxes. We have seen  literacy tests. We have seen post-Civil War good character tests. We  have seen the use of felony charges to make it impossible for African  Americans to vote in the South. We have seen voter intimidation, and we  have seen it sometimes through racist dog whistling and political  postcards. We have a long history of these types of actions to deny,  dilute, and defile the power to vote.   I would like to say there is something of our past that we saw with  the 1965 Voting Rights Act, but that act was struck down by the Supreme  Court. We are seeing all kinds of forms of voter suppression emerge in  2016 and 2018.   In 2018, thousands of Native Americans in North Dakota living on  Tribal reserves and using their P.O. boxes for their mail address were  kept from casting a ballot because of a law that came into effect in  2018. It said you can't vote without a conventional address--the North  Dakota ``conventional address'' effort to dilute or deny or obstruct  the power to vote.   In Georgia, the then-secretary of State, Brian Kemp, who was himself  running for Governor, attempted to block 53,000 Georgians from voting-- 70 percent of whom were African-American voters--because of minor  differences in the wording of the way they filled out their  registration form. If the name wasn't exactly identical or had some  other slight variation, he was sitting on those voting registration  cards--the ``identical name'' gambit from Georgia.   In Ohio, a county elections board proceeded on the orders of  Secretary of State Jon Husted to purge thousands of Ohioans from the  voting rolls. If you are not on the voting rolls, you can't vote when  the election comes. Again, who were disproportionately affected?  African Americans--the Ohio voting roll purge strategy of voter  suppression.   What did we see in North Carolina? Thanks to a law passed by the  Republican State legislature, nearly 20 percent of North Carolina's  early voting locations were closed, forcing voters to travel longer or  wait in long election-day lines to cast their vote. I will give you one  guess on who was impacted the most. Who was this target aimed at? Well,  it was aimed at African-American voters--the long line strategy from  North Carolina and Kansas, as well.   In Kansas, the county clerk in Dodge City, citing construction, moved  the only polling place in a town that is 60 percent Hispanic from a  spot downtown to an arena built for rodeo and farming shows outside the  city limits. This was a location that had no sidewalk and is separated  from the rest of the city by train tracks, making it as difficult as  possible for voters to get there. It was targeted at a Hispanic  community.   We saw voting suppression aimed at college students, too. In Iowa,  the legislature passed a bill to cut 11 days off early voting this year  in order to make it harder to vote. It also had a tricky little deal on  an ID requirement, which will not now go into effect until next year,  but it created a great deal of confusion about this year because it  made people think they weren't eligible to vote because it said your ID  had to have an expiration date on it. Why was this tricky little thing  done? Because college IDs often don't have an expiration date on them.   Well, it is a total violation of the vision Ronald Reagan laid out,  and really, of the foundation--the vision--of our Constitution and the  power to vote.   In New Hampshire, a bill was signed into law this past July aimed at  suppressing college-age voters as well. It says students and other  part-time residents have to become permanent residents. How do you  become a permanent resident in order to cast a ballot? You have to buy  an in-State license. If you have a car in another State, you have to  reregister it in New Hampshire, which means registration fees, fees for  license plates, and possibly separate State and municipal fees. It is  like a poll tax placed on college students. So there we have this 21st  century poll tax coming back aimed at college students.   Why are all these voting suppression strategies aimed at poor  communities, aimed at communities of color, African-American  communities and Hispanic communities? Why are they aimed at college  students? They are aimed at these three populations because those three  populations vote primarily on the Democratic side of the ballot. It is  wrong for any official in this country to simply target voters of the  other party to try to prevent them from voting. It is un-American. It  goes against the essence of what our Constitution is all about.   It is wrong, and yet, since the Voting Rights Act was torn down by  the Supreme Court of the United States, we see it time and again. We  don't just see it before the election. We see it during the election  day.   In Georgia, we saw hours-long lines to vote in majority-minority  districts, either because machines didn't happen to be working or they  didn't have the extension cords to turn them on.   In Arizona, one polling place didn't exist on election day because  even though people were told to vote there, it was in a building that  was locked up. Voting machines were inside, but the doors were locked.  The building had been foreclosed on, but they didn't bother to move it  next door or somewhere close by, enabling people to vote.   In Texas, we heard about the machines that were changing people's  votes from a Democratic candidate to Republican candidate.   All the while, President Trump was working to cast doubt on the  legitimacy of our normal election processes--tweeting out that ballots  coming in after election night shouldn't be counted. What was he  talking about down in Florida, about ballots that shouldn't be counted?  We are talking about the absentee ballots for our soldiers overseas.  But because the President was concerned that they might change the  outcome, he didn't want them counted.   If only Ronald Reagan could spend a few minutes with President Trump  and remind him of what our Nation is all about, what our Constitution  is all about, how important voting is, and that it should never be  denied or diluted.   None of these efforts are unique. We saw these efforts back in 2016,  as well, in the first election after the Voting Rights Act was torn  down by the Supreme Court. That was the Shelby County v. Holder  decision. The Court thought this wasn't necessary any more. Maybe they  should ask Congress whether it was necessary. Now that we find out it  was necessary, maybe they should reverse their decision. We need to put  a new issue before them. Maybe we need a new Voting Rights Act. Maybe  it should apply to every State, rather than just the States that were  in the 1965 Voting Rights Act bill.   In 2016, that first election after the Voting Rights Act was torn  down by the Supreme Court, we saw 900 fewer polling places open to  voters than in 2014--2 years earlier. Most of that change was in the  States that previously were under the regulation, the oversight of the  Voting Rights Act. We saw that in Texas, Arizona, Louisiana,  Mississippi, Alabama, South Carolina, and North Carolina. When you  reduce the number of polling places in poor communities and communities  of color, you create long wait lines, and you deny the vote.  [[Page S7503]]    Nearly 17,000 Wisconsinites--disproportionately minorities--were kept  from the polls because of Wisconsin's voter ID law. The State saw its  lowest turnout in two decades. This law had nothing to do with  security. It had everything to do with voter suppression because it is  a known fact that residents in low-income and minority communities are  less likely to be able to access the IDs that are required for polls.  This is keenly targeted.   In fact, after North Carolina's voter ID law was struck down in 2016,  the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals decision noted that it targeted  African Americans with ``almost surgical precision.'' The State  resorted that year--after it was struck down--to eliminating early  voting days, severely curtailing the number of polling places, and  affecting their hours of operation in communities of color.   By the way, the lead plaintiff in the case that challenged the voting  suppression strategy of the voter ID law passed away this weekend at  age 97. Ms. Rosanell Eaton was once described by President Obama as a  beacon of civil rights. She was a life-long devotee of and advocate for  voting rights. Now, that is a patriot.   It is because of unsung heroes like her that our Nation has come far  and why we must continue pushing ourselves forward to ensure justice  and equality for all.   In a ``we the people'' nation, can any of these efforts to suppress  the vote be allowed to continue? The answer is no--not if we want the  vision of government of, by, and for the people. How can any of us sit  by and allow citizens of this country--citizens like Rosanell Eaton--to  be systematically denied the most fundamental right?   We have to work together--Democrats and Republicans--to honor and to  strengthen the vision of the ability to vote. We need a fierce and  formidable voting rights bill for the 21st century, ensuring in every  way possible that every single American can exercise his or her right  to vote freely and fairly. We need a voting rights bill that bans the  type of shenanigans and the types of deceptive strategies that target  poor communities, communities of color, and college students that I  talked about today.   But we also need a voting rights bill that requires preapproval for  changes to voting procedures to make sure that they are not being  changed in order to take away the ability to vote and to make it more  difficult for some communities than for other communities within a  State. We need a voting rights commission with the power to ban new  voter suppression practices as they evolve because, surely, people will  try new strategies from people who do not believe in the vision of our  Constitution.   From the 15th amendment of 1870, which recognized African-Americans'  right to vote, to the 19th amendment of 1920, 50 years later, which  recognized a woman's right to vote, and all the way up to the civil  rights marches of the 1960s and the 1965 Voting Rights Act, America's  story has been of expanding opportunity for every American to have a  say in the direction of our government.   But we are far from ensuring that today every American has that  opportunity because the strategies of voter suppression are rampant,  they are extensive, and they are targeted. Voter suppression and voter  intimidation must end, and we need to ensure that every American has  the unfettered right to have a voice in their government, that every  American has the unfettered right to cast a ballot during the election.   President Reagan had it right back in 1981. He supported the  expansion of the Voting Rights Act. He said: ``For this Nation to  remain true to its principles, we cannot allow any American's vote to  be denied, diluted or defiled.''   Let's make it so.   Thank you, Mr. President.   (Mr. GARDNER assumed the Chair.)    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern,  Adam Berry, be granted privileges of the floor for the balance of the  day.   