 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman, the ranking  member, and the entire committee, for that matter, for their support of  this legislation that is so critical and important for the State of  Washington, especially those people who live in the Eighth District of  Washington State.   I am especially thankful for Mr. Bishop's cooperation and for his  advice on language to be added to the bill to make it that much better,  especially as it relates to protecting the property rights of  individuals within the designated heritage area.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to speak today in support of H.R. 1791, the  Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Act. This is a bipartisan  bill that--it may have been stated--was favorably reported out of the  House Natural Resources Committee earlier this month. This legislation  will designate the Mountains to Sound Greenway in Washington State as a  national heritage area.   This greenway spans 1.5 million acres, tracing along Interstate 90,  which crosses the country. It crosses the crest of the Cascade  Mountains to Ellensburg, Washington, which is in the central part of  the State. It is a spectacular landscape that encompasses a vibrant mix  of small towns, working farms, lush forests, and rugged mountains,  alongside one of the largest and fastest growing metropolitan areas in  the county--and in the State, for that matter.   Efforts to protect this area and its amazing views have made this a  popular local, national, and international tourist destination where  people go to hunt, fish, camp, hike, and bike. Using collaboration,  negotiation, and compromise, the Mountains to Sound Greenway Trust and  its public-private membership have maintained a vibrant and diverse  economy, while conserving the environment and protecting private  property rights.   In considering the future of the greenway, the trust conducted  extensive public meetings. There were 145 meetings held, with comments  from over 1,000 individuals. In those discussions, the conclusion was  reached that the greenway was a special place deserving of national  recognition. My bill does just that by designating the greenway as a  national heritage area.   National recognition of this landscape's unique historical and  natural value will promote coordination, encourage local engagement,  and draw visitors to small towns, supporting economic growth.   Based on the feedback we have received over the years, I have  strengthened my legislation to include important protections needed to  protect individual rights, property rights of private owners and Tribal  communities. We are also concerned about their rights. They were also  involved in this process in protecting their rights of their Indian  Nation.   This is what my bill does not do:   It does not force private property owners to participate in any  activity or provide public access;   It does not affect land use planning;   It does not alter, modify, or extinguish treaty rights, affect water  rights, or limit the authority of the State to manage fish and  wildlife, including hunting and fishing regulations.   The result is a balanced bill that enjoys broad public support. I am  proud to say the support continues to grow. Over 6,000, and counting,  elected officials, agencies, businesses, and organizations support the  Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area.   I would like to thank my colleague from Washington State (Mr. Smith),  whom I have worked with over the years to get this bill to where it is  today, and it has been years.   I would also like to thank former Senator Slade Gorton, Council  member Reagan Dunn, and the Mountains to Sound Greenway Coalition, who  have been longtime supporters of the greenway, for their tireless  efforts to make this a reality.   In addition, I thank, again, Chairman Bishop, Ranking Member  Grijalva, and their committee staff for their help in bringing this  important piece of legislation through the committee and to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this  legislation.   