 Mr. President, I am voting for this legislation because,  on balance, I believe it will provide important legal recourse to  victims of sex trafficking and will help hold accountable those  websites that seek to exploit them. Protecting these victims should be  our top priority.   There have been concerns raised that this legislation may have an  unintended--and harmful--impact on one of the key laws underpinning the  free and open Internet. That key law is section 230 of the  Communications Decency Act, CDA 230, which promotes free expression and  innovation by protecting online platforms from a range of laws that  might otherwise hold them unfairly accountable for everything their  individual users may say and do online. This law defends free speech  online and has encouraged innovations ranging from the earliest online  bulletin board systems to today's platforms for social media and user- generated video. Without the protections of CDA 230, the internet would  be a very different place today.   Today's legislation amends CDA 230 by, among other things,  prohibiting construing that law to limit Federal or State civil  liability for conduct that involves ``knowingly assisting, supporting,  or facilitating a violation of'' Federal child sex trafficking laws.  Clearly, CDA 230 was never intended to be a shield to protect child sex  traffickers, and it should not, but there is concern this legislation  could potentially open up providers and websites who operate in good  faith to new liability risks for what their users say or do, which  could harm free expression. Also, the threat of this liability will  fall especially hard on smaller platforms that have fewer resources to  fight lawsuits, even ones without merit, which could harm innovation.   As a result, I do not take amendments to this core protection for  free expression and innovation online lightly. I am voting in favor of  today's legislation because we must balance those possible risks  against the very real scourge this legislation will forcefully combat:  sex trafficking, including trafficking of underage youth. Just earlier  this week, Senators Collins, Heitkamp, and I reintroduced our  bipartisan bill to curb youth homelessness and support young victims of  trafficking, the Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention  Act. This is an issue I have long been committed to addressing. Today's  legislation represents a step in the right direction, and I will  support it.   