 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to speak about a problem that  is growing and needs to be confronted or we will regret our decision to  lay down in the face of Russian aggression and Syrian aggression inside  of Syria.   As you well know, we have been trying to find a solution in Syria for  quite a while. We were able to reach an agreement about deescalation  zones in southwestern Syria where, basically, the parties would  disengage, and we reached a settlement with the Russians, U.N.  Resolution 2254, to create some space to stop the fighting and the  killing.   What have we found? In recent days, the Syrian regime has intensified  military operations within the southwest Syria deescalation zone  negotiated by Jordan, Russia, and the United States. The Russian Air  Force is flying in this area, and we are doing nothing about it.   The bottom line is that if we allow Russia to get away with this and  Assad to get away with this, it is going to hurt us everywhere else in  the Mideast. When President Trump meets with President Putin on July  16, I hope he will bring this up.   The question is this: Are we going to let Putin walk all over us? We  had 8 years of that, and I am kind of tired of it.   Now, 6,000 civilians have already fled their homes. A lot of them  have been killed in this area where we reached an agreement with the  Russians and the Jordanians and the world at-large. These people were  assured under this agreement that they would not be bombed or  slaughtered anymore. Now the slaughtering and the bombing has started  anew. They are going to look at us and everybody in the region is going  to look at us as all talk and no action. The United Nations is going to  be seen as weak.   I like a strong President. I appreciate what President Trump has done  to rebuild the military. I like the fact that we are talking with North  Korea to avoid a conflict with North Korea, but I also like the fact  that the President has told North Korea: We are going to stop your  nuclear program and missile program. We would rather do it peacefully,  but it is going to stop. Stop threatening the United States. We are  trying to make it a win-win.   We have taken the fight to ISIS in a new way. There are a lot of  things to say about our military and foreign policy under President  Trump, like getting out of the Iran deal, which was terrible. It is all  good. It is about to erode in a big way.   If we let Russia and Assad violate the agreement that we negotiated  and they don't pay a price, then it is going to hurt our standing  everywhere, and it is going to embolden Russia and Assad even more.   This is a nightmare for Israel. Syrians have suffered enough at the  hands of Assad and Russia. It is a nightmare for the Kurds, and it  really affects our standing in the world.   When this meeting happens on July 16 in Finland, I hope the President  will bring this up if it is not resolved before then because, President  Trump, if you let Putin get away with this and Assad get away with  this, then, good luck everywhere else in the world.   We have had 8 years of letting bad people get away with bad things. I  hope you will bring it up and bring it to an end because our word  should matter. Thousands of people have been displaced from their  homes. Hundreds have been killed in violation of an agreement we  signed, I think, last year.   Secondly, the meeting with Putin is a good thing. You have to talk to  your enemies, your friends, and everybody in between. National Security  Advisor Bolton had it right. There are things we can work on with  Russia and there are things we can't. Russia is an enemy. They are not  a friend. They are an enemy of democracy, but you have to talk to your  enemies as well as your friends.   We do have some common ground--maybe even in Syria. Russia has had  bases in Syria for a long time. I don't mind that they continue to have  bases. I don't want to turn Damascus over to the Iranians, and I don't  want Syria to be run by the Russians. I want Syria to be run by  Syrians.   There was a statement today by the President that Russia denies  meddling in our election. You are right, Mr. President, they deny it,  but they are lying. When you meet with Putin and he says we had nothing  to do with it, I would take the opportunity to show him why we  disagree. When you meet with Putin, I would explain to him what happens  if you continue to meddle in our election.   Not only did they meddle in the 2016 election--I am not alleging they  changed the outcome, and I have seen no evidence of collusion between  the Trump campaign and the Russians--but I am 100 percent convinced  that it was the Russians who stole the Democratic National Committee  emails and Podesta's emails. It was the Russians who took out ads all  over the country pitting one American against the other.   The bottom line is this: Russia did interfere in our democracy. They  are doing it everywhere else in the world. When they say they didn't,  they are lying.   President Trump, if you don't bring this up, it will be a huge  mistake. If you don't push back against the lie, it will be a huge  mistake.   As to what they are doing now, I hope President Trump will tell  President Putin: We know what you are doing, and you had better knock  it off because you continue to do this at your own peril. If we have a  face-to-face between President Trump and President Putin and there is  not a clear understanding by President Putin that we have had it with  his interference in our democracy and his destabilizing the world at- large, then it will be a huge mistake and a great opportunity lost.   There are areas on which we can agree with the Russians and places  where we can work with the Russians, but to have a good relationship  with Russia, you have to have an honest relationship with Russia. Here  is the honest relationship with Russia: Putin is no friend of  democracy. He interfered in the 2016 election, and he is going to do it  again in 2018. He really is not a Republican or a Democrat. He hates us  equally.   Remember the dossier--this piece of garbage that was collected in  Russia by a foreign agent paid for by the Democratic Party? Where do  you think they got that information from? Do you think Putin would  hesitate 1 minute to undercut you if he thought it was in his interest?  He will do what is in his interest, and when the pain is too great, he  will back off.  [[Page S4707]]    I am counting on you, and the American people are counting on you,  President Trump, and the world is counting on you to set the record  straight when it comes to Putin's interference in democracy, including  ours. I hope he understands after this meeting is over with that if he  continues to go down this path, it is at his own peril. If we don't  make it painful, he will keep doing it.   We are doing a lot of good things in terms of pushing back against  Russia but not enough, because if we were doing enough, they would not  be interfering in the 2018 elections, and they are.   Finally, as to whether or not they did it, every intelligence agency  we have, under the Obama administration and now the Trump  administration, says without equivocation that the Russians interfered  in our election. It wasn't some 300-pound guy sitting on a bed  somewhere. They stole the emails. They gave them to WikiLeaks. They are  trying to divide us. They are not a friend of Republicans. They are an  enemy to all of us.   President Trump, use this opportunity to clear up the record and set  it straight when it comes to Russia's interference in our democracy.  Find common ground where you can. It makes sense to work with the  Russians in Syria, and it makes sense to work with them in North Korea.  It makes no sense to believe the lie or to make them believe that we  believe the lie, and the lie is that they didn't interfere.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   