 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, this week, we will be taking up the  National Defense Authorization Act, which Congress has passed for 57  consecutive years to support and guide our country's military. Earlier  this month, the Armed Services Committee voted overwhelmingly--25 to  2--to advance this important legislation to the Senate floor, so when I  hear people say that there is no bipartisan consensus for anything in  Washington these days, I think that is belied by the facts and  certainly in this case by our bipartisan commitment to provide that  support and guidance for our Nation's military.   According to the Department of Defense, there are 1.8 million  Americans around the world on Active Duty in the U.S. military. The  United States has 737 installations overseas, and the DOD--the  Department of Defense--is the world's largest employer. Supporting all  these people and the facilities they occupy is a Herculean task, and  the Defense authorization bill is one very significant way that we do  just that. It is how we make sure that all of our American  servicemembers are trained, equipped, and paid and that our alliances  are strengthened and our military facilities are properly modernized  and maintained. We have an All-Volunteer military, and it is important  for us to do all of these things in terms of quality of life, in  addition to the basics, to prepare our warriors for hopefully an  avoidable fight, but when it is unavoidable, to prepare them for that  conflict.   In Texas, there are roughly 200,000 military men and women stationed  in places like Fort Hood, Joint Base San Antonio, the Red River Army  Depot, and Ellington Field. These are the people I think about as we  take up this Defense authorization bill. They rely on us to deliver  what we have asked them to do, to give them the tools, the equipment,  and the training to do what we have asked them to do. That goal is  increasingly difficult because the world is a very complex and  dangerous place. The array of national security threats facing the  United States is more complex and diverse than at any time since World  War II. Our leadership at the Pentagon says that the strategic  environment has not been this competitive since the Cold War. Simply  put, America no longer enjoys the competitive edge it once had over our  competitors and adversaries.   Secretary Mattis and the Department of Defense have admirably crafted  the national defense strategy that was delivered to Congress earlier  this year laying out its strategic goal. This was a critical first  step, but now the strategy must be implemented. The Defense  authorization bill will align that strategy with the resources  necessary to implement it--the investments, the policies, the  authorizations--with the new orientation articulated in that strategy.   The Secretary of Defense will reevaluate the highest priority  missions for the Department of Defense, the roles of the joint force,  as well as the capabilities required to complete these missions.   All told, in its current form, the Defense authorization will support  $716 billion for our national defense. To those who would think that  the price is too high, I would say there is no option. There is no  nation in the world that is as capable of keeping the peace and  deterring aggressors around the world. In fact, the No. 1  responsibility of the Federal Government is to provide for our common  defense.   All of the rights that we enjoy in this great country of ours flow  from the freedoms that are protected by our men and women in uniform.  We have seen what has happened in the last few years when America has  receded and retreated from its leadership role.   We don't have to fight all of these fights on our own. As General  Mattis says, it is appropriate for Americans to fight by, with, and  through our allies, which is the strategy we are using now rather than  placing boots on the ground in many of these locations.   One important piece of the bill is bolstering recruitment, retention,  and effectiveness of our Armed Forces.   A second important piece that was included in the committee markup of  the NDAA is legislation I introduced called the Children of the  Military Protection Act. This will close a jurisdictional loophole  affecting military installations when minors commit criminal offenses  on base. Because it is a military base, the Federal Government has the  jurisdiction, but frequently Federal prosecutors don't have the time or  the resources to prosecute the cases, so they fall through the cracks.  This legislation will allow Federal prosecutors to relinquish  jurisdiction to the State in these instances, allowing State-level  authorities to take up the case when the Federal Government's other  responsibilities and finite resources prevent it from being able to do  so.   I am proud to join with Senator King, the junior Senator from Maine,  in this effort. This is a bipartisan priority that Members on both  sides of the aisle should rally behind. Our children on our military  bases must be protected at all costs. When they are assaulted, their  assailant should not escape justice because of loopholes in the law.   Although the Federal Government maintains jurisdiction over military  [[Page S2955]]  bases, as I have said, unfortunately, it does not always assert its  prosecutorial authority. Historically, Federal prosecutors have pursued  roughly 15 percent of juvenile sex offense cases, and that is clearly  not enough. We have to address this black hole for juvenile justice. We  have to give local prosecutors the authority they need to go after  these cases on our bases with the agreement of the Federal authorities.   I look forward to my legislation being a part of the NDAA when we  vote on it perhaps as soon as next week.   There is one final aspect of the Defense authorization bill I would  like to touch on, and it involves how we address future threats to our  national security.   I have spoken quite a bit on the floor about the threat China poses  to the United States, and they are not even coy about it. They have  told us what their plan is. Their plan is to grow their economy and to  grow their military in a way that dwarfs the power and economy of the  United States.   Let me talk a little bit about the threat. I have spoken about that  threat, but let me quote the chairman of the House Armed Services  Committee, who recently said that it is ``in the Indo-Pacific region  [where] the United States faces a near-term belligerent threat armed  with nuclear weapons and also a longer-term strategic competitor.'' Of  course, my friend Congressman Mac Thornberry is talking about China,  ``the competitor,'' and the ``belligerent threat'' he identified was  North Korea.    That is why this year's Defense authorization bill, among other  goals, prioritizes military readiness in the region and strengthens our  key partnerships there. It promotes security and stability in the Indo- Pacific through exercises with our allies and supports improving  Taiwan's defense capabilities.   Even more important, the Defense authorization bill will include  legislation I coauthored, along with the senior Senator from California  Mrs. Feinstein, known as the Foreign Investment Risk Review  Modernization Act, or FIRRMA.   This legislation will allow us to better intercept threats to our  national security posed by China when its companies masquerade as  normal corporate actors, but, in fact, they are an arm of the Communist  Party and the leadership in that country.   As has been well documented, China is intent upon, No. 1, stealing  our intellectual property, and when they can't do that, strategically  investing to get access to both the intellectual property and the know- how to be able to take advantage of all the research and development  expenditures we have made in our country and to short circuit that in  developing their equivalent. Our legislation will modernize the review  process of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States and  ensure that we are better protected from these sophisticated threats  and help us maintain our technological edge in the national defense  realm, but, as I said earlier, the Defense authorization bill is  important for reasons that hit much closer to home.   In years past, this bill has authorized needed improvements at our  military facilities. It has given our troops a much needed and much  deserved pay raise and updated advanced aircraft, ships, and ground  vehicles. These, too, have implications in all of our States, and Texas  is no exception.   So when I vote on the Defense authorization bill, I will be thinking  about servicemembers back in my State in addition to all those who  serve in remote locations overseas. We need to get the Defense  authorization bill across the finish line for them and for our country.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake), the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain), and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Young).   