 Mr. President, I would like to agree with my colleague  from South Dakota, who has talked about the importance of the tax  relief and regulatory reform and what that has meant for our economy.  We are growing at rates that some have said were impossible. People  said: Well, you just have to get used to the new normal. We are going  to have the economy grow at 1 or 2 percent. It was 4.1 percent last  quarter, and it looks as though we are going to continue to see strong  growth. That is because of policies that were enacted here, and I think  they are making a difference.   I am going to talk about something today that actually is making it  more difficult to find the workers to be able to get that economy  moving forward the way all of us would like to see because as we have  lower unemployment, as we have a growing workforce, we are seeing a  number of Americans who are out of the workforce altogether.   There is some new data from the Department of Labor and from the  Brookings Institution, some studies that have shown that between the  opioid epidemic--which is heroin, prescription drugs, now this new  fentanyl--and other issues, there are people who are not showing up  even to apply for jobs. They are not even showing up in the  unemployment figures, and they are at historically high levels--8\1/2\  million men between the ages of 25 and 55, so able-bodied men between  25 and 55. This recent study from both the Department of Labor and from  the Brookings Institution shows that almost one-half of those men  acknowledge taking pain medication on a daily basis. In one of the  studies, when pushed, two-thirds of those men said that they were  taking prescription drug medication on a daily basis. Think about that.  This is shocking: 8\1/2\ million men out of work between the ages of 25  and 55--about one-half of them are saying that they are taking pain  medication on a daily basis; two-thirds are taking prescription drugs.  That is not overreported. In my view, that is underreported because  there are legal issues involved with the opioid epidemic. Also, there  is a stigma attached to the addiction.   So in order to fully take advantage of this growing economy--and my  colleague is absolutely right about that--we have to deal with this  opioid epidemic.   I will tell you something that is even more tragic is that the  Centers for Disease Control just came out with a new report last week  talking about what is happening around the country, and it was another  year of tragic results for American families, for communities  represented by Members all across the country here in the U.S. Senate.   This was the Centers for Disease Control. The new report shows that  last year--they just got the final numbers for it--the number of people  who overdosed and died from the opioid crisis that we have was greater  than the year before, not just at record levels but at levels that  really create this epidemic level. Seventy-two thousand Americans died  of overdoses last year.   This is the map that shows where it is, and it is all over our  country. There were a couple of States that made some progress. Those  are the States in purple here. But in all of these other States, you  actually see an increase--overall a 9-percent increase in overdose  deaths in our country from 2016 to 2017. The problem is not getting  better; it is getting worse.   My own State of Ohio increased 9.5 percent from 2016 to 2017. Sadly,  that puts Ohio third in the country for total drug overdoses and fourth  nationally for the number of overdose deaths per capita, per 100,000  residents.   Seventy-two thousand Americans dying of overdoses--that is more than  the deadliest year for car accidents or gun deaths ever. Now, 72,000  Americans died last year by overdose. That is more than the total  number of American casualties in the Vietnam war. Remember that this is  just 1 year--just last year. Overdoses are now the top cause of  accidental death in the United States and the No. 1 cause of all deaths  for all Americans under the age of 50.    The most recent CDC report illustrates something a lot of us already  knew. This is a national crisis, and it is gripping every single State  represented in this Chamber. By the way, this is despite a lot of good  work that has been done by this body, by the House, and by the  administration.   Over the last couple of years, Congress has taken on this issue. We  passed legislation that is helping. One of the pieces of legislation is  called the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA  legislation, which I coauthored with a colleague on the other side,  Sheldon Whitehouse. The other one is called the Cures Act, which is  funding going directly to the States. By the way, Ohio just got another  $26 million this year from the Cures Act, and we are putting it to  work. In the appropriations bill that is before this body now in the  Labor-HHS bill, we again provide funding for the CARA legislation,  which does funding directly to groups that are doing a good job on  prevention, education, treatment and recovery. It also helps our  firefighters and other first responders with the miracle drug Narcan  that they need to reverse the effects of an overdose. It is all good,  and it is working.   I was recently back home and had a chance to visit, as I do  regularly, some of the institutions and some of the entities that are  using this funding. Just to give an example, I went to a town called  Whitehall, outside of Columbus, OH. We had a roundtable at a fire  station, and I got to see what is going on. They are taking this grant  money and training their EMS personnel--the firefighters and  paramedics--to be able to handle people coming in who are addicted and  get them into treatment. This firehouse has opened up its doors, no  questions asked. If you come in there, they will get you treatment.   While I was there, coincidentally, a young man showed up. He had been  through treatment three times, and it hadn't worked for him. He said he  was ready--ready to go. He was shaking and he was nervous, but I  watched the firefighter deal with him. They spoke to him, and I spoke  to him.   I saw him get into the ambulance and go to another entity that is  called the Addiction Stabilization Center in downtown Columbus, which  is also doing innovative work and is also funded by these programs, in  this case with the Cures Act funding. It is an old hospital they  converted into a 50-bed treatment center with an emergency center.   So people can come in from the street, and they have a place to go  into treatment immediately. It takes away the excuse. They have about  an 80-percent rate of people getting into treatment. That is incredibly  high.   One of the big problems with the current crisis is that people who  are addicted and who overdose and are saved by this miracle drug  Narcan, which reverses the effects of the overdose, typically then go  right back into the same environment. How do you get them  [[Page S5747]]  into treatment? How do you get them back on track? How do you keep them  in treatment? How do you ensure that treatment is successful? That is  what the CARA and Cures legislation is helping to do.   I will say that despite the positive stories back home, despite the  additional effort we have put in, still there is this data from the  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention showing that last year was  worse than the year before. Why is that so despite the efforts in  Congress and at every level of government?   In all of our communities something is being done. People are  starting to step forward. The private sector is starting to get more  engaged. That is all good.   I think the primary reason for this is because of the rise of a  particular drug--the new scourge. It is the synthetic form of opioids.  Just as we were making progress in reducing some of these overdoses and  deaths and dealing with the terrible consequences of the opioid  epidemic, what happened? We saw a steep increase in a new drug coming  into the market. It is more deadly--50 times more deadly than heroin-- and it is relatively inexpensive. That is a fatal combination for  thousands of our constituents who are dying every year now from the  fastest growing and deadliest drug in this epidemic--fentanyl.   This breaks down the types of drugs and the type of drug and the  increase or decrease. The one trend that stands out, as you see here,  is the growth in synthetic opioids.   In fact, with regard to other drugs, including heroin, you can see a  slight decrease--basically, a flattening. For other opioids, there is  an increase and, then, a slight flattening. With regard to synthetic  opioids, there is a steep increase, and there is a steep increase  recently.   Last year there were 30,000 overdose deaths from synthetic drugs like  fentanyl. That is up from approximately 20,000 overdose deaths from  fentanyl the year earlier. So there are 10,000 more deaths from  fentanyl between 2016 and 2017.   To give you an idea of how rapidly this drug is infiltrating our  country, in 2013 there were about 3,000 fentanyl overdose deaths  nationally. This means that from 2013 to 2017, there has been an 850- percent increase in overdose deaths due to fentanyl.   Last year, fentanyl was involved in more than 60 percent of the  48,600 overdose deaths that the CDC says were from opioids. In my State  of Ohio, we think that is consistent. We think it is over 60 percent,  or closer to two-thirds.   Looking at the new data coming in this year from Ohio from the  various health departments around the State and from our coroners, it  looks like it is an even higher percentage in 2018.   When I am home I hear about this a lot. People come up to me and tell  me stories that will break your heart about family members. I have had  two tele-townhall meetings in the last month, and both of these  involved thousands of Ohioans. People aren't selected for anything  other than that they get a phone call and they are asked if they want  to talk to their Senator. We pick up the phone and we have 15,000 to  20,000 people on the call, and in both of these last two tele-townhall  meetings, somebody called in with a very similar story--a tragic story  about the pain and suffering they experienced from a loved one passing  away from a fentanyl overdose.   Pauline from Zanesville called in, and she told me her brother had  recently passed away. She wondered what we were doing about it. Sam  from Shelby County called at the next townhall meeting and told me that  his son had tragically overdosed from fentanyl and died. By the way, in  both of those cases, they didn't mention that up front. They called and  had a discussion with me about some policy issues, and it just kind of  came out. Their voices cracked. You could tell when they are overcome  with emotion at the end of our conversation. They said: Well, my son-- in this guy's case--just died from an overdose of fentanyl.   By the way, in both cases, the brother and the son did not know they  had taken fentanyl. They didn't know they had used fentanyl. In one  case, with regard to the brother, he thought it was only cocaine that  he was using. Instead, it was laced with fentanyl. In the other case,  it was heroin, and the person had shot up heroin before and been  successful in not dying of an overdose, at least, but in this case  fentanyl was laced in the heroin.   Now I tell you this because this new deadly drug is not just about  pure fentanyl. It is about evil dealers and drug traffickers actually  mixing the fentanyl with other drugs as well. When the coroners'  reports come in, often they are finding out it is fentanyl, not the  drug the person thought he or she was taking. I had first responders  telling me that somebody wakes up and says: Thank you for saving my  life on this Narcan. I am OK now.   Unfortunately, that is not what you hope would happen. You hope they  will say: I want to go into treatment.   But they wake up, after having been saved by Narcan, and they say: I  don't know why I overdosed, because I wasn't taking a strong drug.   They are told: Well, this tested for fentanyl.   They say: Well, I wasn't taking fentanyl.   That is because now any street drug--any street drug--that is taken  has the risk of containing fentanyl, which can be deadly.   I hope people who are listening today tell everyone they can think  of--at work, in their family, people in the community--just to be sure  that this message is getting out. This is a new and deadly threat out  on our streets, and it can be in any drug.   We want to turn the tide in this drug epidemic that is depriving the  people I represent and the people represented by this Chamber of their  God-given purpose in life, whatever it is. It certainly isn't to  overdose and die from opioids. We have to confront much more  aggressively this rise of fentanyl. This is the reality. None of us  wish it were, but it is.   Shockingly, when you do research on this, you will find out that  these synthetic drugs come into our country from other countries  directly through the U.S. mail system. That is what law enforcement  folks have told us--shocking. It is not mostly coming from any place  except foreign countries sending it through the U.S. mail system. That  is where the majority of this is coming from.   We looked into this issue on the Permanent Subcommittee on  Investigations. I chair that subcommittee. We spent 18 months studying  this. We found out how easy it was to purchase fentanyl online and have  it shipped to the United States of America. We learned through this 18- month undercover investigation that these drugs can be found through a  simple Google search and that overseas sellers essentially guaranteed  delivery if the fentanyl was sent through a Federal agency--the U.S.  Postal Service.   We found out from talking to law enforcement and our own research  that this drug is primarily coming from China--one country--where there  are scientists and chemical companies that are putting together this  deadly mixture and are sending it to our shores.   Why do the traffickers prefer the U.S. Postal Service? Because it has  lower screening standards than the other private carriers.  International packages that enter the United States are subject to  screening. Every private entity--such as FedEx, UPS, DHL, or others-- has to provide law enforcement with advanced electronic data as to  where the package is from, what is in the package, and where it is  going. With that data, they can use big data from around the country  and around the world, including from intelligence sources, and they can  help to identify suspicious packages. Otherwise it is like finding a  needle in a haystack.   The post office, by the way, brings about 900 million packages a year  into the country. It is like finding a needle in a haystack, unless you  have that information in advance and electronically. It allows Customs  and Border Protection, which are doing the best job they can, to  identify those suspicious packages, to stop them in transit, to keep  these synthetic drugs out of our communities, and to stop the poison.   I have seen them in action. I have visited the Customs and Border  Protection port of entry and have seen how they can get packages. They  have to take these packages into a sealed room that has adequate  ventilation, and they have to wear protective gear to be  [[Page S5748]]  able to even open these packages because this stuff is so deadly.   I have been to Columbus, OH, and I have seen there, in one of these  distribution centers for one of the private carriers--not Customs and  Border Protection--people putting their lives on the line for us and  finding deadly packages and taking them offline to avoid this poison  coming into our community. Law enforcement, as you can imagine, is  desperate to stop these deadly drugs from reaching our shores in the  first place. That is the best way to stop it. They need this critical  information in advance to be able to do that.   Why doesn't the post office do it? Because we haven't required them  to. By law, after 9/11, we have required all private carriers to  provide this information. Frankly, we were more focused on explosives  than we were on contraband such as drugs. But we didn't require the  U.S. Postal Service. Instead, we said: Study this issue and get back to  us.   That was 16 years ago. For the last several years, some of us have  been pushing the U.S. Postal Service hard on this, and unfortunately,  some still continue to oppose this effort to provide 100 percent  electronic data.   Because of congressional pressure, they have recently been getting  more data on some of these packages. Based on testimony before our  subcommittee, last year the Postal Service received electronic data in  advance on about 36 percent of the packages that came in, meaning that  the United States received more than 318 million international packages  with no or little screening.   Even when the post office conducted these pilot programs to screen  for the drugs to get to the 36 percent number, 80 percent of the time  they presented the packages to Customs and Border Protection and 20  percent of the time they did not present the package. So only 30  percent of the time was screening being provided, and still in 20  percent of those cases, they didn't present the packages to Customs and  Border Protection. Instead, they went into circulation in our  community.   We have a simple solution: 100 percent screening. This is a deadly  epidemic.   Can you imagine tens of thousands of people dying from something that  comes in from overseas through our own U.S. Postal Service and we are  not stepping up to say: Whoa, let's do everything we can to screen  these packages. The best monitoring devices, the best information--that  is what we are asking for.   The legislation we have is called the STOP Act. It is a bipartisan  bill that I authored with my colleague Amy Klobuchar from Minnesota. It  closes the loophole from the U.S. Postal Service that drug traffickers  are using and exploiting to ship these deadly drugs into our  communities. By holding the Postal Service to the same standard as  private carriers and requiring them to provide that advance electronic  data for all international packages entering the United States of  America, we can keep the fentanyl out of our communities.    By the way, talk to your letter carrier about this issue. They will  tell you they want to stop this. They don't want to be carrying this  poison. The person who walks door-to-door in your community or delivers  mail to your post office does not want to have fentanyl in their  package. First, it is dangerous for them, but more important to them is  that they know what it is doing to our communities. They don't want to  be any part of it.   The STOP Act passed the House of Representatives earlier this summer,  and more than one-third of the Senators in this Chamber are now  cosponsors of this legislation. In my view, it is long past time for  the Senate to pass this legislation so that it can become law and begin  to make a real difference in our communities.   I would like to thank President Trump for his leadership on this  issue. Some of you may have seen yesterday that he sent out a  statement--a tweet--supporting moving ahead with the STOP Act because  of the scourge of this fentanyl coming into our neighborhoods, coming  into our communities, our homes. He recognized the importance of this  issue, by the way, and talked about it during the 2016 campaign and has  talked about it a lot since then. He appointed an opioid commission to  look into this issue. That commission endorsed the STOP Act  specifically. I want to thank Governor Christie for working with us on  that. That was the final report in November of last year, and still we  have not passed it.   On Monday, when President Trump called on the Senate to pass this  legislation without delay, I noticed there was more interest and  reporters talking about this issue in the halls. I am glad about that.  The President is waiting, pen in hand. He is ready to sign the STOP  Act. Let's not make him wait any longer.   Last year, an average of 81 Americans died every single day from  synthetic opioids. From what I can tell back home, this year is no  better and may, in fact, be worse. We can't wait around for this  problem to get worse. We can't do nothing. We have to do something. The  legislation we passed here to help with prevention, treatment, and  recovery is good. It is beginning to work. But we also need to reduce  the supply and at least increase the cost of this deadly drug, which is  50 times more powerful than heroin. We need to pass the STOP Act. We  need to pass it now so we can make a meaningful difference in combating  fentanyl, the new scourge of this opioid epidemic.   I yield back my time.   