 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I want to add my support to this rule.   When did protecting the American people--knowing who is entering our  country and having a secure border--become some kind of radical or  partisan idea?   I am stunned to see the length to which some of my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle will go simply to oppose enhanced border  security, including a border wall. In fact, it seems they are willing  to shut down the Federal Government instead of supporting President  Trump's urgent request for $5 billion to fund the border wall.   What is especially strange is that some of my colleagues on the other  side have already supported a wall in the past. Some have even voted in  support of a border wall. What has changed?   I think the answer is very simple. I think some of my colleagues are  so committed to appeasing the so-called resistance that they find  themselves opposing a very basic and commonsense idea like border  security just because they want to earn points from the most extreme  part of their political base.   This is really not a complicated issue. This is about the safety and  security of the American people. This is about keeping terrorists out  of our country. This is about keeping illegal drugs out of our country.  This is about keeping criminals out of our country. This shouldn't be  hard.    Why am I so passionate about this? Because this is a critical issue.  When I talk to the people I represent back in Alabama, they are  passionate about it. This is one of the top issues I hear about at  events and townhalls throughout Alabama. In fact, the phones in my  office have been ringing all day with people urging us to stand strong,  secure our borders, and build the wall.   Mr. Speaker, I think this is a fight worth fighting. I think pushing  to ensure the safety of the American people is worthy, and it is  absolutely a critical fight. So I urge my colleagues to stop playing to  the resistance. Come back toward a commonsense idea like securing our  border. Pass this amendment. Pass this funding bill, and ensure the  safety of the American people.   