 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the resolution.   I would like to begin by thanking Representative Smith for sponsoring  H. Res. 128, which expresses support for human rights and encourages  inclusive governance in Ethiopia. I am a cosponsor of this resolution,  along with over 100 of my colleagues--a testimony to the work Mr. Smith  has put into this effort.   This resolution acknowledges the partnership between the United  States and the Ethiopian Government. We have partnered together on many  issues in the world: economic issues, global health issues, and  security issues. Indeed, the Ethiopian military benefits from the U.S.  counterterrorism and peacekeeping support programs that we work with  them on. However, it also expresses concern at the unrest in the Oromo,  Amhara, and Somali regions since 2015 and the human rights violations  perpetrated against largely peaceful protestors.   With the recent election of Prime Minister Abiy last month, Ethiopia  now has an opportunity to emerge from this crisis to undertake the  reforms called for in this resolution, including lifting the repressive  state of emergency, repealing or amending proclamations used to  suppress human rights, holding accountable those responsible for human  rights violations, and releasing all remaining political prisoners.   As the ranking member of the Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade  Subcommittee on the Foreign Affairs Committee, we have done a lot of  work in that subcommittee around the importance of the rule of law and  of legitimate, accountable governance in making sure communities are  secure and more resilient to destabilizing influences from criminal and  terrorist networks.   This is not just an issue for us on the international front. I am  also a member of the Homeland Security Committee, and this is an  important issue in terms of our safety and security here at home.   Prison sentences for peaceful protest, restrictions on freedom of the  press, and broad enforcement actions against civil society  organizations is a recipe for instability--instability that impedes  economic growth and leaves countries and communities vulnerable to  security and other threats, both globally and, as I said, back here at  home.   When a society witnesses the arrest of over 22,000 persons and the  closing of over 200 NGOs, we should expect to see the trust between  communities and their government suffer as a result. Instead, the  government should work towards promoting this trust that is so critical  to the right of Ethiopians to live freely and safely at home, as well  as to their government's strength as a partner with the United States  and others around the world.   In light of recent events in Ethiopia, it is important to view Prime  Minister Abiy's election not as the end of the  [[Page H3072]]  crisis, but as a new beginning for social and political reform in  Ethiopia. I hope he will undertake this challenge and undertake these  vital reforms.   In the spirit of a new beginning, I urge my colleagues to support  this important resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Bass), the ranking member of the Africa, Global Health,  Global Human Rights, and International Organizations Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Minnesota (Mr. Ellison), who is an original cosponsor of this  legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Minnesota an  additional 2 minutes.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume for the purpose of closing.   Mr. Speaker, I will note that Chairman Royce has been a big factor in  moving this forward, and when I give thanks to Mr. Smith and over 100  more colleagues, I want to make sure that Chairman Royce is a person  that is highlighted for his great efforts.   We are going to miss him, as he has decided not to seek reelection.  He has been a person that has shown great ability to be a bipartisan  leader on the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and I have enjoyed working  with him on this issue and many other issues.   Mr. Speaker, this resolution seeks to support Ethiopia's political  transition as it hopefully moves beyond a state of emergency towards  greater civil liberties under a new prime minister.   This resolution also supports the Ethiopian people and their  aspirations to live in a more democratic system in which government  respects fundamental freedoms.   We have partnered with Ethiopia on so many important issues, issues  important to their own security, their own health, their own global  welfare, and we also recognize the value in that partnership in dealing  with the security issues and the ideals and values that the United  States has as a country.   This resolution strongly urges them to take that other step, to  expand that partnership beyond those issues into a partnership of  democracy where there will be rule of law, freedom of the press, where  opposition people will not be endangered in terms of their safety, will  not be imprisoned.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H. Res. 128, and I urge my colleagues  to go forward.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. As an original  cosponsor of the End Banking for Human Traffickers Act of 2018, I would  like to first thank my coauthors, Chairman Royce, Representative  Maloney, and Representative Love. I am proud of our bipartisan work on  this important issue.   This issue represents actions that are abhorrent, coercive, actions  that constitute modern-day slavery. They also are sustained because  they are among the most lucrative criminal activities we have in the  world right now.    This is ranked as the third most lucrative international crime in the  world. And it is a unique one in the sense that, unlike drugs, where  they will market their poison to individuals and they will be ingested  and consumed and that ends the transaction, tragically, you see, time  and time again, that these young women, many of them children, over and  over again are used by these financial purveyors of criminality in  their actions to redundantly gain profits at the expense of destroying  and taking away years of innocent lives.   This legislation is a testament to how important our bipartisan  collaboration is here in the House, as well as among our colleagues in  the Senate. When we have the opportunity to work together, we take  meaningful action to address real harms being suffered by  [[Page H3077]]  innocent people here and around the world. And this is, indeed, not  only an international issue where we need cooperation, but it is a  domestic issue as well.   In 2012, the International Labor Organization estimated that there  were 21 million victims of human trafficking worldwide. In the United  States alone, over 8,500 human trafficking cases were reported just  last year, and those are cases where the investigation was fruitful and  the prosecution commenced, an understatement by multiple effects of  what the actual incidence of this crime is.   While there are current laws to combat the practice of human  trafficking by criminalizing perpetrators and providing support for  victims, the End Banking for Human Traffickers Act of 2018 works to  dismantle the economic framework that enables it and sustains it. It  empowers the Secretary of the Treasury with the ability to assist and  directly get involved to a greater extent with all the other agencies  involved. I know, from my own experience, that the importance of that  coordination will more easily lead to good cases and more effective  prosecutions and bringing people to justice.   I come at this issue from many perspectives; one of them being my  position, as with Chairman Royce, on the Foreign Affairs Committee,  where we look at the international factor that we are trying to work  cooperatively throughout the world and here at home to better  prosecute, better bring to justice.   I also represent the Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and  Intelligence in the Homeland Security Committee, and it is important to  note that this criminal enterprise is one of the most prominent ways  that terrorists fund themselves.   While we have had effect trying to eliminate the caliphate and the  taxing that goes with that, we have seen terrorists lose those  opportunities to raise money. However, what we have seen is them move  even further into other areas to sustain their terrorist activity; and  primary among them is the use of human trafficking and the funding for  their terrorist activity through that criminal enterprise.   Another way I have come to view this is as a former District Attorney  myself. I worked with the regional task force in the Boston region in  Massachusetts to try and work to coordinate activities to seek out, to  investigate, and ultimately prosecute human trafficking.   There is one thing I did know through my term as a District Attorney  and looking at this issue as well, more specifically: If we are going  to be effective, one of the best tools we have in terms of  investigating, seeking out this activity, and bringing it to justice,  is to follow the money, and that is what this act does. It follows the  money. It uses the economic tools we have here, through the Secretary  of the Treasury, among many other assets we have in this country, and  it seeks out and will find out, from the money laundering standpoint,  just who is involved, where this is occurring, and how we can attack  it.   Human trafficking is a multi-billion dollar industry. Its  perpetrators rely on banking and financial systems to fund and profit  their crimes against innocent men, women, and children, and this bill  will strengthen our work to target, prosecute, and to bring to justice  those who reap financial rewards from this abhorrent criminal practice.   This Congress, the House passed a number of important bills dealing  with anti-trafficking measures. This is one of the most important, and  it strikes it at its heart, where we can find out where this is  occurring, where we can investigate further everyone that is involved  in this. It is not just limited to the people that we find in the  initial investigations with these reports, we will be better able to  bring everyone involved in this activity to justice.   So let's continue this momentum by passing the End Banking for Human  Traffickers Act of 2018.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  [[Page H3078]]    Mr. Speaker, first off, I would like to say, as the chairman  mentioned in the previous resolution that we discussed, Mr. Royce is  leaving us at the end of this term, and I would like to thank him for  the real bipartisan effort we have shown--Mr. Smith typifies that as  well--on the Foreign Affairs Committee.   This is an important committee that has broad responsibilities, as  this bill indicates; and, in a Congress where, too often, there are  divides and bitterness, that committee stands out as a committee of  members who work together, who accomplish solutions to very complex  international problems that affect us here at home. I know, going  forward, I believe very strongly, we are going to have an even larger  role in issues to come.   Mr. Speaker, modern-day slavery destroys the lives of far too many  innocent people. Today, in 2018, this should no longer be a topic of  discussion, yet it is becoming increasingly more problematic.   The solutions are within reach, and that requires coordination and  cooperation. This bill does both. We have the information; we have the  expertise; now we must act decisively to put the best tools in the  right hands to end this injustice once and for all. And by focusing on  the financial mechanism that enables this and sustains this, we will be  best able to combat it, not just in seeking it out and destroying it,  but making sure, in a comprehensive way, we deal with all those  wrongdoers that are involved, not just a few at the bottom rung of the  ladder.   This bill will give the right people around the table the opportunity  to better equip themselves to combat human trafficking and break down  the financing that supports and enables this heinous crime.   Mr. Speaker, I again thank my coauthors for their efforts, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   