 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise to speak today in the wake of  another tragic school shooting. This time, it was in Texas. Ten  innocent people--eight students and two teachers--were gunned down  Friday when a gunman walked into a high school in East Texas and opened  fire.   Tragedies such as this are becoming too common in our society. At  some point, we have to say enough is enough. How many times have we  said that? Just 3 months ago, I stood right here on the Senate floor  after 17 people were killed at MSD High School in Parkland, FL. I  pleaded with our colleagues to set aside partisan politics and work  together to enact commonsense reforms that will help make what happened  at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School a pivotal moment in our  Nation's history--not because it was one of the deadliest school  shootings, but because back then, 3 months ago, it was the last one. I  hoped it would be the last one.   I am so proud of the students who spoke out and the parents who spoke  out, such as Fred Guttenberg, whose daughter was gunned down as she was  trying to flee at the other end of the hall. That bullet from that AR- 15 caught her right in the spinal cord just as she was about to exit  the hall. I thank Fred and others who have been speaking out,  especially the students--so eloquent, so bold.   We all hoped that the shooting in Parkland was going to be the last  one, but it was not. Here we go again. With the tragedy that took place  in Parkland so fresh in our minds, here we go again. Our students  deserve better. You have seen the articles since Friday's shooting  about how students are frightened that their school will be next. Our  schools and our communities deserve better. America deserves better  than this. Our students certainly deserve better.   Since the Marjory Stoneman Douglas shooting, this Congress has passed  two bills into law--only two. While this Senator supported both of  those, they alone are not nearly enough. We can and we must do more.   You have heard me say over and over that we need to ban assault  weapons and the long clips. We need to close the gun show loophole. We  need a comprehensive, universal background check for the sale or the  transfer of any firearm, regardless of where it is purchased.   By the way, those comprehensive background checks would have picked  up red flags on the shooter in Parkland, who had some real mental  problems. They would have also picked up the shooter in the Orlando  Pulse nightclub 2 years ago because he had been on the terrorist watch  list and had been taken off. If those kinds of things are picked up in  a comprehensive background search, then--when a person goes to buy a  gun, those kinds of things will be picked up.   We also need to do more to provide our students with access to the  mental health professionals they need. Because of the NRA locking down  their votes, if we are not going to get anything on assault weapons or  the gun show loophole or a comprehensive background check, then surely  we ought to be able to come together in a bipartisan way to do  something about mental health.   I have met with parents and teachers and students across the State of  Florida, and the one topic that keeps coming up is the lack of mental  health services available to our children. How true is that in society  at large? We are talking about school violence perpetrated by other  students.   You will not like this statistic. Florida has 1 school psychologist  for about every 2,000 students. That is according to a report from the  Florida Association of School Psychologists. If you compare that to the  nationally recommended ratio of 1 psychologist for every 500 to 700  students, that means Florida only has about one-fourth of the number of  school psychologists it needs to properly care for its students--one- fourth, 25 percent. And that  [[Page S2787]]  is just Florida. Nationally, 35 million children in this country have  had at least 1 traumatic experience, and nearly two-thirds of children  have been exposed to violence. That is why we have another piece of  legislation that Senators cosponsored to provide better care to  children and their families who have experienced trauma.   We have finally done something with regard to PTSD and our veterans.  Everybody understands that you don't actually have to get an injury to  have PTSD. As a matter of fact, it can manifest itself years later. We  are getting mental health counseling for our veterans, particularly  those who have come home from a war zone.   Are these children now experiencing a war zone? Is the trauma they  are experiencing at ages 12 through 17, at that tender age, not  comparable to some of the trauma our young soldiers are now  experiencing?   If we are going to be serious about curbing this type of violence  that we are going to continue to see in children's schools--oh Lordy,  we hoped that Parkland was the last one, but it was not, and there are  going to be more. If we are going to be serious about this, we must  hire more school counselors, social workers, psychologists, and other  mental health professionals to get ahead of the problem and ensure that  any student who needs help is able to get it.   Later this week, midweek, I will be introducing legislation aimed at  doing exactly that--increasing the number of mental health  professionals in our children's schools across the country. Kids  suffering from trauma or depression or any other sort of mental  problems shouldn't be denied the help they need because the school or  the school district can't afford it.   The bill I will file on Wednesday--I hope with a whole bunch of  Senators sponsoring--will provide grants to colleges and universities  that set up programs to train future school counselors, social workers,  psychologists, and other mental health professionals in the school  districts that need them the most. It will create a Federal student  loan forgiveness program for mental health professionals who take jobs  in the districts that need them. That has often been a problem--not  only the supply but getting the supply in the school districts that  need them. This is not unlike the loan forgiveness we give to  government workers or to, for example, doctors who will serve,  practice, in an underserved area, such as a rural area. We do it for  those professionals; let's do it for the mental health workers who are  desperately needed in underserved areas, such as--which is obviously  becoming apparent--our schools.   When we give our students the tools they need to succeed, such as  access to mental health treatment, everyone is going to benefit. Our  students know this. They have been asking for our help to make these  services more available. Parents, teachers, and school administrators  across the country know this, too, and they are pleading for Congress  to act.   Let's give our schools and our communities the help they need, the  help they have been asking for. Let's start taking steps today to  change the course in which the country finds itself with another school  shooting last Friday. I hope many Senators cosponsor this legislation.  We can't allow what happened in Parkland, FL, and in Santa Fe, TX, to  become the new normal in this country. We have to do more to protect  our kids in school and ensure that any student who needs mental health  services is able to get those services.    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   