 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, although I am a big fan of the Inspector  General's Office, the current budget is funded at the budget request,  and therefore I do not see us raising $2.5 million by raiding the  Secretary of the Interior's operating account. I think it goes way too  far.   I am glad to know that the gentleman from Arizona actually listened  to our talking points on that. But I think at this point in time I  would like to keep it exactly where it is.   Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. Calvert).    Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to this amendment  for several reasons.   The Navajo-Hopi Settlement Act of 1974 was intended to last 5 years.  After that, the plan was to go ineffective. This program has lingered  on for nearly four decades longer than it should have.   The Office of the Navajo-Hopi Relocation has indicated its intent to  close by September 2018. Accordingly, we should not be reducing or even  paying more money in fiscal year 2019 when they want to close the  office in fiscal year 2018.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, originally, this legislation was intended to  help 1,000 families. We have helped more than 3,600 Navajo families and  27 Hopi families.   When we talk about the comprehensive plan, maybe we ought to get  everybody in order to make sure that plan is acceptable by everybody  before we keep throwing money at the problem.   Mr. Chair, once again, I am in opposition. Once again, it is four  decades past its time. We don't get resolution on this aspect without  putting some force behind it. There has to be finality to this. This  cannot keep going on. Without putting some finality to the finances, we  will see this continue over and over again.   Mr. Chair, I oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chair, the President's budget request for fiscal year  2018 proposed eliminating the Environmental Justice Program. Also, the  RSE budget supports Representative Sam Johnson's H.R. 958, the Wasteful  EPA Programs Elimination Act of 2017, which, among other things, would  eliminate the Environmental Justice Program.   Mr. Chair, I ask for a ``no'' against this amendment.   