 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, here we are at approximately 2:30 on a  Saturday afternoon trying to do the people's business in a situation  that nobody wanted. Yet because, I believe, of political self-interest,  we are in a situation right now where we are in what I would call a  crisis mode of operation.   We need to get a deal done. But I want to address a couple of topics  today that are at issue here as we debate the funding issue, which is  at the crux of why we are here today and this weekend.   Our country was built on immigration; there is just no question that  we are all direct derivatives, in one way or the other. But I would  like to be very clear that most of the people who have come to this  country over the last two centuries came in legally. Today, we bring in  1.1 million people a year--legally. We bring in about 70,000 people who  have a job-related way to get into our system. There are about 70,000  direct family members; that is, a spouse and immediate children. There  are another 300,000 refugees and asylum seekers. There is a rational  reason we should do that, and we have been doing that.   Today, every day, asylum seekers and refugees are permitted into our  country, but there are another 800,000 who come in legally every year,  and the only reason they come in is that they have an indirect family  link, through generations, to the 70,000 that come in. Given that  environment, we also have a temporary work permit system here that,  again, has over 1 million people in it--every year.   Our country is the most welcoming, philanthropic country in the  history of the world. To think that just protecting our borders as a  national security issue is somehow hard-hearted and radical--no country  in the history of the world has ever demonstrated that it was a radical  thought to maintain and protect the sovereignty of their own country  and their own borders.   Indeed, there are only 6 reasons why 13 colonies came together in the  first place in the late 18th century and formed the United States of  America. The No. 1 reason articulated is to provide for the common  defense of our country.   President Trump is leading right now in his first responsibility, and  that is to protect every citizen of the United States of America. He is  fighting for the American people. Actually, that is how he got elected.  He got elected because he complained about the dysfunction in  Washington, about politicians, bureaucrats, and the media. So did I, in  2014--2 years before President Trump did. I believe people are fed up  with this dysfunction in Washington.   I want to reemphasize that what is at issue here is the protection of  our sovereignty as a country--not to change the immigration laws; that  is not what is at debate today.   I want to remind everybody that just in this body this year, 43 of my  colleagues across the aisle, in an immigration bill proposed by Susan  Collins on this side, 43 Democrats voted for a $25 billion border  security package--43. I think President Trump has demonstrated  tremendous negotiating willingness over and over, over this past year,  on this issue.  [[Page S8026]]    Let's be clear what is going on. The flow of drugs and human  trafficking on our border are completely unacceptable. Everybody in  this body agrees with that, demonstrated by the fact that 43 Democrats  actually voted for a $25 billion border security package earlier this  year. There is no way you can avoid admitting that. This has to stop.   The undampened flow of illegal drugs has created a crisis in our  country. The fact that we sit here and are more concerned about the  political realities in Washington than we are about stopping human  trafficking across our southern border is totally unacceptable. An open  border goes against the very ideas of why our country was founded. It  totally undercuts American sovereignty. The American people know that.  They are fed up with the status quo, and I can tell you, firsthand, so  is President Donald Trump.   The Dems are very clear. My colleagues have demonstrated that they  prefer open borders, illegal drug transfers, and human trafficking to a  commonsense protection of our southern border.   We know fences work. I have been to countries around the world where  they are protecting their borders with simple fences where they need  them.   We have multiple approaches to defending our southern border. We have  many miles right now that already have similar fences up that deter  illegal crossings.   At the same time, this President has shown over and over again that  he will work with our colleagues across the aisle to find some common  solution here that we can all live with. He is ready to make a deal  today. In fact, as we speak, the Vice President, the President, and the  Chief of Staff are in the White House right now; the leader of the  Democratic Party in the Senate is, right now, negotiating.   This needs to get done. I have done dozens of these in my career, and  looking at what is important to both parties, there is no reason this  can't get done.   I believe the President is ready to make a deal to fully fund the  Federal Government--the last 25 percent. Let's remember how we got  there. This body, the Senate and the House, did something they haven't  done in 22 years, and that is fund at least 75 percent of our Federal  Government on time. That was by September 30. We are here, at the end  of our first quarter of the next fiscal year, still trying to fund the  last 25 percent because of this controversy over the border wall.   The first number was $25 billion, as I said, which was agreed to by  the other side. Then, there was another $5 billion offered. Lastly, the  President, I thought, had a deal earlier this week with our colleagues  across the aisle for $1.6 billion. That deal was taken away.   We are right now, I think, experiencing the second Schumer shutdown  of this year. The first was over the DACA controversy. President Trump  took the Democratic request for 600,000 work permits for an indefinite  period of time and changed that and made an offer of a pathway to  citizenship for 1.8 million DACA recipients. He took a chance with the  ultraright in our party, the conservative part of the party. He took a  chance and stood up and said: This is the right thing to do, if it is  paired with the right deal on the other side.   I believe there is no reason we can't get this package done right  now. I think the President agrees with that. I think the Democratic  leader agrees with that. But prior to yesterday, for a few days, there  was no one talking.   I give Mick Mulvaney and the Vice President a lot of credit. I know  that the Vice President was in this building until about 9:30 last  night negotiating this. I just believe it is time to get this done.   Nancy Pelosi, in the House, repeatedly said that President Trump  couldn't get the votes from the House to pass a funding package that  included these border security priorities. We now know she was wrong.  The votes were there. The House has sent a bill back over here that not  only has border security but a relief package--a serious relief package  for hurricane victims, disaster relief victims, and the wildfire  victims in California.   The U.S. Senate should have included President Trump's priorities  from the very beginning. Now this body has a chance to do the right  thing.   It is time to get this done. We are here. Let's get a deal, bring it  back in here, pass it, get it back to the House, and let's stop this  nonsense. Let's not yield to political self-interest on either side.   I implore all of us who have influence with the people who are  negotiating this: Let's get beyond this. This is so close. There is no  reason we are sitting here, letting America be nervous about whether we  are going to get this done. This should have been done back in  September, as I said earlier. Now let's focus on our national  interests, the things we are all called to do in our oath of office:  Protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. Let's fully  fund this government--the last 25 percent--move past this, secure our  border, and provide disaster relief for the people who have a timely  need, right now, for us to do that.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   