 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for  yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 6, the SUPPORT for Patients  and Communities Act. The SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act  incorporates legislation that I introduced along with my good friend  and colleague, Representative Ben Ray Lujan of New Mexico, which will  provide a meaningful expansion to addiction treatment across our  country, especially in rural areas, and for vulnerable populations like  pregnant and postpartum women and the 13,000 babies born on average  each year with neonatal abstinence syndrome.   Our legislation includes three main policy changes to expand access  to treatment. First, it eliminates the current sunset provision that  would prohibit nurse practitioners and physician assistants from  treating patients with addiction medicine after 2021.   By ending this sunset, we can provide certainty to our healthcare  community and encourage more NPs and PAs to become part of the  addiction treatment workforce.   Second, this legislation would expand the classes of practitioners  eligible to prescribe buprenorphine to other advanced practice nursing  professionals to include nurse midwives, clinical nurse specialists,  and certified nurse anesthetists.   This provision was included based on feedback that my office has  received from medical groups such as the American Society of Addiction  Medicine and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists  who are on the front lines of this crisis who have made the case that  adding additional classes of highly skilled nurses can help more people  access treatment and find that important road to recovery.   In many rural areas, advanced practice nurses play an outsized role  in providing care, and this legislation will help expand addiction  treatment capacity in these rural areas where it is most needed.   In addition, these advanced practice nursing professionals are  already providing primary care for some of our most vulnerable  populations: pregnant and postpartum women. By allowing these skilled  providers to provide addiction treatment as well, we can bolster  continuity of care for our moms and for our babies.   Finally, our legislation would make a technical change that would  allow DATA 2000 waivered providers to treat up to 100 patients in their  first year if they possess additional credentialing or are practicing  in a qualified practice setting.   Taken together, these three changes will make a meaningful difference  in moving toward a system of treatment on demand for individuals  struggling with the disease of addiction.   To those who would say we need more data or we need to be cautious  about expanding access to treatment, I would respond that more and more  people are dying in our streets every day. We don't have time to drag  our feet any longer.   Finally, I want to thank Ranking Member Pallone, Chairman Walden, and  their staffs for the continued efforts on these provisions through many  months of back and forth. In a personal way and a very upfront way, let  me thank Representative Pallone, our ranking member, and his  outstanding staff for the intellect and the energy they poured into  this because it truly made this a better bill, and it is going to save  lives.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6.    Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Walden for yielding.   Although I know my colleague plans to withdraw, I rise in opposition  to this amendment, and I just want to articulate a bit of my reasoning.   I think my colleagues and I both share the same goal of safely  expanding access to addiction treatment. Where we differ is that I  believe that the provisions in H.R. 6 expanding buprenorphine  prescribing privileges to advanced practice nurses meet that test.   We all know that there is a dire need for expanded treatment capacity  to meet the demands of this current epidemic. As many as 40 percent of  counties across the country lack even a single provider that is able to  offer buprenorphine. Advanced practice nurses play an outsized role in  providing care in rural America, and H.R. 6 will help expand addiction  treatment capacity into these communities where it is most needed.   Expanding buprenorphine prescribing privileges to APRNs is supported  by medical groups that serve on the front lines of this epidemic, such  as the American Society for Addiction Medicine and the American  Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.   All advanced practice nurses who wish to prescribe medication- assisted treatment would have to receive a special waiver from the DEA  and would have to undergo three times as much specialized addiction  training as their physician colleagues.   In addition, in order to receive a waiver, practitioners are required  to be able to provide appropriate counseling and ancillary services  that are the hallmark of high-quality addiction treatment. All APRNs  wishing to prescribe buprenorphine would still be subject to State laws  regarding prescription authority, scope of practice, and collaboration  or supervision requirements with a physician.   While I understand that providing addiction treatment is a complex  and nuanced area of medicine with potential complications if done  poorly, I would point out that we don't restrict advanced practice  registered nurses in Federal law from providing such high-risk services  as delivering babies, administering anesthesia, or prescribing as many  opioids as they wish. Why would we want to maintain an outdated barrier  in Federal law that prevents these practitioners from being part of the  solution to the opioid epidemic?   So in closing, I appreciate that my colleagues are withdrawing this  amendment today, and I would urge that, as we move forward toward a  potential conference committee, we continue to recognize the role that  advanced practice nurses can play in addressing this epidemic.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am opposed in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill,  which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted,  the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended.   For more than a year and a half, Republicans in the House have been  engaged in an all-out ideological assault to weaken healthcare for  Americans by working to repeal the Affordable Care Act and gutting  protections for preexisting conditions. Republicans have repeatedly  voted to strip Medicaid coverage for millions struggling with  addiction. Thanks to Republican policies, we are seeing this uninsured  rate rise sharply for the first time in years.   This attack on our healthcare has had serious consequences for our  ability to adequately address the needs of those struggling with the  opioid epidemic. I remind my friends that we can't have it both ways:  We either are for fighting this epidemic every way we can, or we are  not.   I have seen the carnage this epidemic can produce in my own backyard,  where my hometown of Amsterdam, New York, with a population of a little  over 18,000 people, saw four overdose deaths and a dozen close calls  within a single month.   We know that, as of today, less than 20 percent of Americans who need  substance abuse treatment are able to receive it. We need to move  toward a system of treatment on demand so that, when an individual has  that moment of clarity, we are ready with a helping hand to pull them  away from the deadly grip of addiction.   While I am pleased that the bill before us will make some incremental  progress in our fight against the opioid epidemic and is the product of  a significant amount of bipartisan work, every single Member of this  Chamber knows that we can and we should be doing more. This motion to  recommit is our chance to do just that and to make additional progress  in this fight.   First, the motion would invest in our addiction workforce by  incorporating a proposal advanced by Representatives Crowley and  Costello to add 500 new resident physician slots to hospitals that have  developed or are developing training programs in addiction medicine,  addiction psychiatry, or pain medicine. We all have seen firsthand the  need for more addiction specialists out there, and we have a chance to  take action on that right now.   Secondly, this motion would allot an additional $1 billion annually  to States through 2021 so that we can continue to invest in locally  designed prevention, treatment, and recovery solutions. It is clearly  going to take more than 2 years to battle the epidemic, and we need to  let providers in States know that we are making sustained, meaningful  investments in this area.   Finally, our motion to recommit includes a commonsense prescription  drug policy which will reduce prescription drug prices for all  Americans by reducing gaming by drug manufacturers to prevent generics  from coming to market.   The CREATES Act, introduced by Representatives Marino and Cicilline,  is estimated to save the Federal Government some $3.8 billion and  patients far more. This legislation has been passed by the Senate  Judiciary Committee on a bipartisan basis, but we have been denied a  vote on the House floor to consider this practical, positive policy to  halt pharma gaming and mischief.   Each of the policies contained in this package is bipartisan, fully  paid for, and would bolster our ability to respond to the crisis. We  have the opportunity to provide a more robust response for the American  people and to save the lives of countless of our friends and neighbors  all across this country who could be the next to fall victim to this  deadly disease of addiction.   Every day, every week, every month, every year that passes, the  challenge rests in our collective laps: Will we do more?   We need to do more. Let's do it for those families living with the  pain and loss. Let's do it for those individuals who struggle with the  illness of addiction. Let's be the light, the candle that brightens  their darkness. Let's go forward with the recovery that is inspired by  this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  to support this motion to recommit, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, on that, I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   