 Mr. President, I appreciate the senior Senator from  Florida, and the grief he represents through his State, coming to the  floor and speaking about the lives which were lost and the clarion call  for us to act.   I come to the floor today because 2 weeks ago, once again, a weapon  of mass murder was used to commit mass murder in an American school,  and, once again, our hearts are heavy with a grief that has become too  routine.   Once again, the gun lobbyists say we are powerless to do anything  about it, but this time it feels different. That is because the  students of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School have started a  movement to turn ``once again'' into ``never again.''   Unfortunately, too many of my colleagues act as if mass shootings are  inevitable, when, in reality, they are preventable. The American people  are sick and tired of it. That is why they have been so inspired by  these students from Parkland.   I saw it with my own eyes last Sunday. A few of these Marjory  Stoneman Douglas survivors came to visit New Jersey, and my  constituents came out in droves to support them. Together with the  Jewish Federation of Greater MetroWest and Moms Demand Action, we  rallied well over 2,000 people in support of their ``Never Again''  movement.   What is remarkably refreshing about these students is, they are not  yet jaded by the ways of Washington. They have spent their lives  practicing active shooter drills. They have grown up being told that  mass shootings are just a fact of life, but they know they deserve  better.   After being thrust into a tragedy, they have turned their mourning  into a movement. By speaking out, the students of Parkland have pricked  the conscience of this country, and the American people are answering  their call to action.   We see it at rallies across the country calling for tougher, smarter,  commonsense gun safety laws. We see it in students across America  organizing the March for Our Lives, and we see it in corporate America.   Companies such as United Airlines have already parted ways with the  NRA. Retailers such as Dick's Sporting Goods have announced they will  take AR-15s off their shelves and stop selling guns to teenagers.   As Americans take action, the question is whether Congress will do  the same. Far too many of my colleagues still fear a backlash from the  NRA. That is why, after Las Vegas, they refused to ban the bump stocks  that make mass shootings more deadly. That is why, after Sandy Hook,  they refused to pass tougher background checks. That is why, after  Orlando, they refused to even consider my own bill to ban the sale of  high-capacity magazines. High-capacity magazines are designed for one  thing and one thing only--high-capacity killing. They are the grim  hallmark of mass shootings in America, linking Parkland to Newtown, and  Las Vegas to San Bernardino, and Aurora to Orlando.   Certainly, I have been encouraged to hear some of my colleagues say  they may consider supporting limits on magazine sizes now. I have a  legislation here I introduced months ago to do just that. The Keep  America Safe Act is narrowly focused. It doesn't infringe on anyone's  right to bear arms. I challenge all of my colleagues to sign on.  However, in my view, we must do more than ban high-capacity magazines.   I, for one, voted for the assault weapons ban of 1994, when I was in  the House of Representatives, and I am a cosponsor of the bill to  reinstate it today. These weapons have no place in civilian society.  They are not designed for self-defense. They are modeled after weapons  our soldiers use on the battlefield, but if we are going to get  anywhere, we must stop letting the NRA set the agenda in Washington.   It is amazing to me that some of my colleagues are effectively  holding gun safety legislation hostage until they can pass their NRA- backed concealed carry bill.   I spent a lot of time hearing from my colleagues, particularly on the  other side of the aisle, talk about State rights--State rights. Well,  apparently, New Jersey's right to enforce our own gun laws doesn't  count when it comes to State rights.   Our State has some of the toughest gun laws in the country, and it is  no coincidence that we have the sixth lowest rate of gun deaths in the  Nation. We want to keep it that way, but this bill, hot off the NRA's  wish list, would let concealed carry permit holders from States with  looser standards bring their weapons to New Jersey.   At the end of the day, the NRA has 5 or 6 million members. We are a  nation of 320-plus million people. While millions of responsible gun  owners believe in the Second Amendment, poll after poll tells us they  also believe in universal background checks and commonsense gun laws.   It is time we call out those who spout the same old NRA talking  points, such as ``Guns don't kill people, people kill people.'' Well,  that is why we don't run background checks on guns; we run them on  people.   The NRA would have us believe that all we need to do is to have  comprehensive background checks, when in reality what we need are  universal background checks. This means requiring background checks for  all private sales, transfers, and online sales on the internet. Why  should you be able to buy, with a click of the mouse, a significant  weapon without ever going through a background check?   Likewise, they say it is time for teachers to be armed and our  schools to be ``hardened.'' Well, I haven't met many teachers who want  to be charged with assessing threats and taking lives in front of their  own students. Let's be serious. Arming teachers wouldn't stop the next  Las Vegas. Only we can do that by passing sensible and reasonable gun  safety measures that limit the sale of deadly weapons and keeping guns  out of the wrong hands.   After running for their lives on February 14, the students of Marjory  Stoneman Douglas will march for their lives on March 24. It is  inspiring to see that despite all the dysfunction in Washington, young  Americans still believe in their power to make change.   How tragic would it be if we in Congress proved them wrong and, once  again, let business as usual in Washington prevent us from taking  action to save lives? For my part, that is not going to happen.   I yield the floor.   