 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I  appreciate her strong, persistent leadership on behalf of our troops  and our Nation.   Mr. Speaker, in the days leading up to the most recent government  shutdown, we heard a number of Members of both bodies, on the floor and  in the press, say that they were opposed to that continuing resolution  because of the damage that continuing resolutions do to the military.  It is absolutely true that continuing resolutions do erode our fighting  capability.   This is the chance--the bill that the gentlewoman from Texas has  brought--this is the chance to do it right. This is the chance to fully  fund the military for the rest of the fiscal year and get them out of  the CR mess. So all of those Members who came here to the well and have  talked to the press and in the other body, who expressed concern about  the damage that a CR does, this is the chance to fix that problem by  voting for the bill that is before us today.   Mr. Speaker, it is another opportunity to remove our troops from the  partisan political morass that has seemed to bind them. We just heard  in the previous speech everything from healthcare, taxes, funding for  housing, the full panoply of issues. Some Members have used all of  their desire to get an outcome they want on those other issues as an  excuse for not funding our military.   More recently, we have heard Members who say: Yes, I know the  military needs to be funded, they need more money, but I can't support  it until we have the outcome I want on an immigration issue.   So from taxes and healthcare and immigration, it is all an excuse to  not fund the military, to keep them hostage, until those other issues  are resolved the way that Members want them to be.   Mr. Speaker, I just think that is wrong. We need to set our military  free of all of the other issues. I may well agree on finding a  reasonable solution to the DACA issue. I may well agree on more funding  for a number of domestic spending programs. But none of them, however  important they may be, should be an excuse for failing to support the  military so that when they go out and perform the missions our country  asks them to perform, they are fully trained, fully supported, and  equipped with the best that this country can offer.   Mr. Speaker, I think it is important for all of us, whatever  committee we serve on, to remember that the men and women who are out  there risking their lives for us, do so unconditionally, whether it is  in the mountains of Afghanistan, near the DMZ of Korea, whether they  are doing exercises in Eastern Europe or the Middle East, they perform  their service unconditionally. Our support for them should be  unconditional, too.   