 Mr. Chair, I rise to speak in support of this En Bloc  amendment package, which contains two of my amendments to the FAA  Reauthorization Act of 2018.   It is no secret our Air Traffic Control system is antiquated. It  relies on old technology and old techniques. It is a safe system, but  it is ineffective and could be significantly improved.   Despite billions and billions of taxpayer dollars spent over the past  30 years to make it better, the system still largely relies on World  War II era radar technology.   The Government Accountability Office and the Department of  Transportation Inspector General have both said the FAA lags massively  behind in bringing Air Traffic Control into the 21st Century. NextGen-- the common name for these modernization efforts--has cost well over  seven billion dollars already with no implementation date--still.   We all know the promise that Air Traffic Control modernization holds,  but we also know NextGen has taken too long and cost too much money to  fully implement.   My amendments today will help expedite full NextGen deployment and  get taxpayers the return on investment they deserve and expect.   My first amendment to H.R. 4 would establish a pilot program to  demonstrate the full promise of NextGen technologies. This pilot  program could also show policy makers and the Federal Aviation  Administration where we still have room for improvement in NextGen.   There are some airports and some planes that have begun to use the  newest technologies. After this many years and this many dollars spent,  it certainly makes sense that would be the case.   My amendment today would create a limited pilot program, with a  sunset date and a reporting requirement, for planes and airports with  the latest NextGen technologies.   This pilot program would allow for limited enhanced access for planes  with the latest technology, at a limited number of airports.   The parameters for the pilot program would be developed by the  Federal Aviation Administration after consultations with aircraft  operators, manufacturers, and airport sponsors.   Here's what we can find out with such a program: How good can a fully  implemented NextGen be? How will pilots and airports utilize the  system? Where are areas that need more attention? How much more  investment is necessary, and what will be the return on that  investment?   These are all questions that make sense to ask, and have been asked.  This amendment and this pilot program takes those questions and creates  an opportunity that will show policy makers and the public real-world  and tangible--and measurable--results.   To recap, my first amendment creates a limited pilot program to  demonstrate what a fully implemented NextGen system could look like. It  has an end date, so it's not an open-ended program. It requires the FAA  to report to Congress once the pilot program is ended. After reviewing  the results, policy makers and the FAA would have greater knowledge  about how best to finish NextGen implementation, and how to run a fully  modernized Air Traffic Control system.   My second amendment to the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, paired  with the first one, will further ensure Air Traffic Control  modernization stays on track.   Today's Manager's Amendment from Chairman Shuster requires the FAA to  tell Congress and the public how much time, effort, and money has gone  in to NextGen to date, and what the returns on that investment are so  far. It also requires the DOT IG to examine that report from the FAA  for accuracy and completeness.   My second amendment today builds upon these accountability measures  put forward by Chairman Shuster.   My amendment requires the Inspector General of the Department of  Transportation to study the potential impacts of a significantly  delayed, significantly diminished, or completely failed delivery of the  NextGen modernization initiative. My amendment is forward looking, and  helps hold the FAA accountable to taxpayers.   This examination by the IG would ask some very straightforward but  very important questions.   Questions like what are the potential impacts on the operational  efficiency of our aviation system without NextGen; how would a failed  NextGen delivery impact our international competiveness; what would be  the impact on the flying public; what would be the overall economic  impact; how would it effect stakeholder use of the system; and more.  These are all questions that we need answers for.   By having this information, Congress and the American people will  know how much is at stake and where we need to make adjustments.  NextGen is an opportunity, but if that  [[Page H3658]]  opportunity isn't fully realized, investments to date will be for  naught, and all the benefits of a fully modernized Air Traffic Control  system will not be realized. Failure is not an option, and Congress  needs to do everything in our power to keep the FAA on track.   In sum, my amendment makes the DOT IG do a deep dive into the worst  case scenarios for NextGen implementation. By having these answers,  Congress and the taxpayers will have a full picture of the need to  expedite Air Traffic Control modernization, and what more needs to be  done to get our aviation system in to the 21st Century.   I am pleased both of my amendments are included in the En Bloc  package, because I believe they will expedite NextGen deployment and  will help modernize our Air Traffic Control systems.   