 Mr. President, today I want to talk about some of the  positive steps the U.S. Senate is about to take in pushing back  against----    There is no objection.    I thank my colleague, and I am going to talk about him  in a second and the work we have done with regard to pushing back  against the opioid epidemic that has hit our States. In this body,  every single Member is affected by it, and our country is affected by  it in very significant ways.   Because of the dangerous hurricanes that are approaching our coast,  it looks as though the vote we had expected tomorrow and the debate we  had expected tomorrow on the opioid package may be postponed based on  what I just heard from the majority leader. But in the next several  days, the Senate is expected to take up comprehensive legislation that  comes from four or five different committees in Congress to fight the  addiction crisis, to help our communities combat some of the deadliest  aspects of this crisis nationally. This help is urgently needed.   Let's start with talking about how Congress got here.   First, just a couple of years ago, we passed two bills in Congress  that were historic and are making a difference. One is called the  Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA; the other is called  the 21st Century Cures Act.   CARA, which I coauthored with my colleague Sheldon Whitehouse, who is  on the Senate floor with us--he spoke just a moment ago--provides  resources directly to evidence-based prevention, treatment, and  recovery programs. These are nonprofit programs. For the most part,  they are able to apply to the Federal Government directly for grant  money. They are doing things that are innovative and new to try to get  at this problem, and in many respects, they are working and making a  difference.   This year alone, there will be about $608 million spent on these  programs that offer innovative solutions to this stubborn problem that  is affecting everyone in this Chamber.   The Cures legislation, 21st Century Cures legislation, this year will  be $500 million annually. That goes directly to the States, and the  States then give grants to various programs in those States.   In my home State of Ohio, for instance, $26 million has come each of  the last 2 years. Sadly, Ohio is one of the hardest hit States in the  country, so we have a larger grant allocation than some States that  have not had as many overdoses and deaths and rates of addiction that  are as high as we have had.   I was a very strong supporter of the 21st Century Cures funding, and  I applaud Senators Alexander and Murray, as well as Senator Blunt and  other Appropriations Committee members on both sides of the aisle for  their work on that.   Of course, with regard to the CARA legislation, it is actually  working out there. I have now had the opportunity to see how it is  working. I have been to about a dozen CARA grant recipients in Ohio  over the last year alone. I have seen new and powerful ways that the  communities back in Ohio are helping to turn the tide of addiction.   Last month, as an example, I visited the Whitehall fire station  outside of Columbus, OH. They are doing something innovative for a fire  station. They have opened their doors and partnered with another  organization. They get CARA funding, and the other organization gets  Cures funding to provide immediate help for those who are coming in and  are seeking it or have overdosed; Narcan has been applied and has  reversed the effects of these overdoses. Yet that gap that so often  occurs in our communities doesn't occur there because it is seamless.  People can go right into treatment.   The program, again, was made possible by this CARA grant. It opens  the doors of the fire station, and it is working.   I was there at a time when, just coincidentally, an addict came in.  His name was Blake. Blake was, as he described himself, a heroin  addict, and he had heroin on his person. I had the opportunity to speak  with Blake and offer him some words of encouragement. I had an  opportunity to ask him why he was there and what had happened in the  past. He said that he had been to three treatment programs. They hadn't  worked. He had gone straight from a short-term treatment program right  back to the streets. The gap had occurred.   He also said that he was ready, and he appreciated the opportunity to  go straight into a treatment program, which he had not had before.   I had a chance to speak with him, and I told him to stay in touch  with me, to let me know what is going on. Last week, he called, and  Blake said that he is now in a 3-month treatment program in Portsmouth,  OH. He is optimistic; he is confident. He believes that because of this  approach, he has an opportunity now to get clean, to get back with his  family and get back to work.   This is what is often needed: a seamless transition from immediate  medical attention--the application of Narcan to reverse the effects--to  treatment, to longer term recovery in order for people to overcome  their addiction. That is what CARA and Cures prioritize, and that is  why these programs are so important.   Once again, we will see in the funding this year that those programs  have been held up. The good parts of the programs, in particular, are  being used as an example for the entire country.   Despite the legislative progress we have made, and despite what I see  back home with communities beginning to make a difference, overall, the  situation is not getting better; it is getting worse. You might ask:  Why is that?   Well, I believe it is for one simple reason, and that is the advent  of new drugs, particularly less expensive and more powerful synthetic  opioids that have come into our communities in the last few years. The  new data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, CDC, show  that overdose deaths increased 9 percent from 2016 to 2017, the last  year for which we have data. My home State of Ohio had a 9\1/2\ percent  increase in overdose deaths.   In total, CDC estimates that 72,000 Americans--72,000 Americans--died  last year from overdoses, the No. 1 cause of death for Americans under  the age of 50. Over 48,000 of those overdose deaths were caused by  opioids, and about 30,000 of those were caused by synthetic forms,  particularly fentanyl. That is more than 60 percent, so this is the big  issue right now.   Two-thirds of the overdose deaths in my home State of Ohio are being  caused by synthetic opioids, fentanyl. Columbus, OH, unfortunately had  a number of deaths over a short period of time, all due to fentanyl.  There were about 20,000 fentanyl overdose deaths in 2016, meaning there  has been a 50-percent increase in just 1 year.   When you go from 2013 to 2017, there has been an 850-percent increase  just during 5 years--an 850-percent increase in fentanyl overdose  deaths in our country.   The opioid crisis has continued to tighten its grip around  communities across our country, and the emergence of fentanyl has  presented a new challenge in turning the tide of this epidemic. Just as  we were making progress, this more deadly, less expensive scourge has  come into our families, our communities, our States. That is why we  need to take action--and take action this week.   I would like to thank the majority leader, Senator McConnell, and the  Democratic leader, Senator Schumer, for agreeing to bring this  legislation to the floor.   I would also like to thank Chairman Lamar Alexander for his good work  in bringing together all of the different proposals from these four or  five committees I talked about and negotiating with all sides to come  up with consensus legislation. This should be nonpartisan, not just  bipartisan. This is something that is attacking our communities at  their core.   I would like to thank and commend the several committees that have  held public hearings and contributed legislative ideas to this mix.  That includes the Judiciary Committee, the HELP Committee, the Finance  Committee, and others.   This bipartisan consensus package puts politics aside and does what  is right for our communities. It includes some additional legislative  priorities I have been working on over the past couple of years that I  believe are going to make a real difference in this fight.   Earlier this year, again with Senator Whitehouse and others, we  introduced CARA 2.0, the next version of the Comprehensive Addiction  and Recovery Act. A number of those provisions are included in this  package.  [[Page S6127]]    One is a national quality standard and best practices for recovery  housing. It is critical for people, as they transition out of treatment  and into longer term recovery, to have this housing. But it also needs  to meet these higher standards because of many examples where it has  not and has failed those individuals and families.   The legislation also authorizes support for high school and college  students to help children and young adults recover from substance abuse  disorders. We have had amazing models in Ohio for this, like the  Collegiate Recovery Community at Ohio State. Columbus is now opening  its first recovery high school next year.   Finally, CARA 2.0 contributed the opioid legislation that includes  $60 million for a plan of safe care for babies born dependent on drugs.  Their mothers are addicted, and they are born with neonatal abstinence  syndrome. It is a very sad situation, but it is a reality in my State  and in so many others.   To further help these newborn babies, the legislation includes what  is called the CRIB Act, which is bipartisan legislation I coauthored  that helps newborns suffering from addiction get the best care possible  in the best setting possible to get the love and support they need to  be able to recover.   It will also help ensure that babies born with neonatal abstinence  syndrome get the help they need in their early stages of development,  so they can live up to their God-given purpose in life, which is not to  live with this.   The legislation before us also reauthorizes a number of important  programs that have a proven record of success, like drug courts, like  the drug-free communities prevention grants, like the high-intensity  drug trafficking areas, where law enforcement can better coordinate at  every level. These are all positive strides that will help improve what  is working in combating this epidemic and provide more resources to  help some of the most vulnerable groups affected.   But, colleagues, I think the most important and immediate difference  in turning the tide on this opioid epidemic will come from a bill that  is called the STOP Act. It is a bipartisan bill that I coauthored with  Amy Klobuchar from Minnesota. It will combat the scourge of fentanyl we  talked about earlier. This issue of an 850-percent increase in this one  kind of drug coming in, causing more and more overdoses--synthetic  opioids--has to be addressed; 81 Americans are dying every single day.  That is the best data we have from last year. This year, unfortunately,  it is likely to be even higher. It is a new poison flooding our  communities.   The STOP Act will close a loophole that drug traffickers have been  using to ship fentanyl into our country. Unbelievably, fentanyl is  actually manufactured primarily in China, and it primarily comes into  our communities through the U.S. mail system. You might think this  comes overland from Mexico or somewhere else, but this is coming in  through our mail system, primarily from China.   We conducted an 18-month investigation into this in the Permanent  Subcommittee on Investigations, which I chair, and we revealed just how  easy it is to purchase fentanyl online and have it shipped to the  United States.   Based on our undercover investigation, these drugs can be found  through a simple Google search, and overseas sellers we accessed  essentially guaranteed delivery if the fentanyl was sent through the  U.S. mail system.   To be clear, they guaranteed delivery if it is sent through the U.S.  mail system, not if it is sent through other carriers, like private  carriers--FedEx, UPS, DHL, and others.   It is easy to see why they prefer the Postal Service for shipping  these deadly synthetic drugs. The Postal Service has a weaker screening  standard than do the private carriers.   After 9/11, Congress passed a law requiring carriers like UPS, FedEx,  and DHL to get what is actually called electronic advance data on  international packages entering the United States. This electronic  advance data allows law enforcement to have a chance to stop this  poison because they can find out where the package is from, what is in  it, and where it is going. They can then use good data, use algorithms  that they have come up with to determine which packages are suspect and  pull them off the line.   I have seen this. I have seen U.S. Customs and Border Protection do  it at distribution centers for these private carriers. I have also  seen, unfortunately, that the Postal Service is not doing what they  should be doing.   Without the information identifying packages, it is next to  impossible; it is like identifying a needle in a haystack.   Fentanyl is 50 times more potent than heroin, and it is relatively  inexpensive. It is so deadly that as little as 2 milligrams, equal to a  few specks of salt, is enough to be fatal. Drug users and dealers have  moved to fentanyl as a more accessible, less expensive alternative. I  am told that 1 gram of the deadly mixture of heroin and fentanyl can  cost about half as much on the street as 1 gram of heroin alone.   Drug users seeking a less expensive and stronger high are seeking it  out, and drug dealers are mixing it into a number of other street  drugs. No street drug is safe because the fentanyl is being mixed. It  is being laced into all kinds of other drugs, often unknowingly to the  person buying the drug.   To give you an idea of how deadly this drug is, recently police in  Columbus seized 2.2 pounds of fentanyl, which is equal to about 3\1/2\  cups--a small enough amount to fit in a plastic bag in your kitchen.  That 2.2 pounds of fentanyl is enough to kill 500,000 people, roughly  the population of the city of Cleveland.   Because of its extreme potency, deadly doses can be shipped in small  packages that are almost impossible to identify without having the  necessary information and screening devices in the Postal Service. The  U.S. Postal Service system isn't required to do it yet. As a result,  they have chosen not to do so. Only recently, under congressional  pressure, have they begun getting this data on some packages entering  the United States.    Even so, last year, based on their testimony, they say they have  received data on 36 percent of the international packages. That is a  step in the right direction. By the way, that still means that over 318  million packages are coming here with no screening at all.   Even when they have identified drugs--packages that are likely  containing drugs--only 80 percent are given to law enforcement. So 20  percent is still going into our communities. This needs to be changed.  It is a glaring loophole. Everyone knows it. It undermines the safety  and security of our country in fundamental ways.   The STOP Act will significantly disrupt the flow of fentanyl into the  United States by simply holding the U.S. Postal Service, a Federal  agency, to the same standards as private carriers. It will require the  Postal Service to collect advance electronic data immediately on 70  percent of packages entering the United States by the end of the year  and 100 percent for China. Then, it will require 100 percent of  international packages in the United States by the end of 2020.   It is a commonsense solution to address the most urgent and deadliest  aspects of the opioid epidemic we face. At the very least, it will  increase the risk of sending these drugs into our country and raise the  street price of fentanyl. That is why it has such broad bipartisan  support. There is a growing momentum behind this legislation, and I  look forward to the Senate's passing it in the next several days as  part of the broader legislation we talked about earlier.   It will not solve the crisis, but it will act as a tourniquet to stop  the flow of fentanyl in this country and it will allow comprehensive  programs, such as CARA and the Cures legislation, to be prioritized and  to function and to allow Americans to live up to their full potential  and to allow our communities to heal.   I look forward to President Trump's signing this legislation into  law--both the broader opioid legislation and the STOP Act--so it can  begin making a difference in communities in my home State of Ohio and  all around the country.   I yield back.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   