 Mr. President, it has been a little more than a week  since President Trump announced his nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh  to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court left by the impending  retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy. In that short period of time, we  have seen some of our friends across the aisle run through an almost  impressive set of rhetorical calisthenics in an attempt to tank Judge  Kavanaugh's confirmation before it even had a chance to begin.   ``He will overturn this case or this law,'' they claim. ``He will not  be a check on the President,'' they have tried to say. They have even  suggested that he charged too much for baseball season tickets on his  credit card--horror of horrors. Multiple fact-checkers have debunked  each of these claims, so they have moved on.   More recently, we have heard from some of our Democratic colleagues  that they want to review every single piece of paper--every email,  every memo, every document that has passed across Brett Kavanaugh's  desk at any point in his career.   Reviewing relevant and important documents is a perfectly normal part  of confirming a judicial nominee, but using that as an excuse to delay,  foot-drag, and obstruct is not acceptable. We know that the effort to  get every memo from the Bush White House during the time he served as  Staff Secretary there is really laughable and is only a fishing  expedition designed to delay his confirmation until after the Supreme  Court begins its work the first Monday in October.   For example, as Staff Secretary, he would have had the responsibility  to basically manage the paper flow across the President's desk. These  aren't just documents that he, himself, has generated. In fact, I  suspect that with the overwhelming majority of them, he would have had  nothing to do with creating them. He wouldn't be the author. He  wouldn't be making policy recommendations. Basically, he would have  navigated all of the documents that went across the President's desk to  make sure that they had been reviewed by the appropriate person and  that they would have been checked for accuracy. The ideas that every  single piece of paper that went across President George W. Bush's desk  should be somehow relevant and that we should delay confirmation until  we have all had a chance to read it are ridiculous. Is what President  Bush had for dinner 14 years ago relevant to Judge Kavanaugh's fitness  to serve on the Supreme Court? Obviously not.   Just as, in 2010, the committee quickly processed Justice Kagan, who  spent many years in the Clinton White House, I am confident we can  expeditiously and efficiently review Judge Kavanaugh's relevant  background materials to make sure the vote on his confirmation occurs  before the Supreme Court reconvenes in October.   Under Chairman Grassley's leadership, the Judiciary Committee will  work to produce as many documents as are relevant and possible so that  every Senator can do their due diligence. An important part of our  constitutional responsibility is to provide advice and consent, as the  Constitution itself says.   The most important thing to remember is that unlike the Kagan  nomination, we have 12 years of service on the bench by Judge  Kavanaugh. He served on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals in what has  often been called the second most important court in the Nation because  it is located in the District of Columbia. Most of the major cases  involving huge policy disputes confronting the Federal Government have  made their way through his court, and he has written opinions--majority  opinions and dissenting opinions--which have all been reviewed by the  U.S. Supreme Court. I submit that would be the best evidence of what  kind of Justice he would be on the Supreme Court. What kind of judge  has he been on the DC Circuit? That is the best evidence.   We shouldn't indulge requests for these fishing expeditions and paper  chases that will lead to nothing other than delay. It is important that  the vetting process be deliberative and thorough, and it will be. But  the volume of documents requested shouldn't be just a pretext to draw  this out for political purposes.   Here is an important factoid: Nearly half of the Democratic caucus  has already said that they will vote no on Judge Kavanaugh's  confirmation to the Supreme Court. Are they going to be requesting  documents? Are they going to be saying ``Well, I want to look at  everything that came across his desk'' when they have already announced  their public opposition?   Five of them announced their opposition before Judge Kavanaugh was  even named. In other words, they would oppose anyone who is nominated  by this President. We saw an attempt to filibuster the nomination of  Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, which resulted in the change of the  precedent. We lowered the number of votes to close off debate from 60  votes to 51 votes because we realized that some across the aisle were  so determined to vote against any nominee of this President--no matter  how well qualified--there was no way we could confirm a well-qualified  candidate. So we changed that.    Both Justices Sotomayor and Gorsuch were confirmed just 66 days after  they were nominated. In the case of Judge Kavanaugh, if that same  timetable held up, we would be voting on his confirmation about  September 13--well in advance of the October deadline when the Court  reconvenes. We will have plenty of time to thoroughly vet this nominee  in a similar timeframe, which is consistent with the confirmation  process for both Republican and Democratic Presidents.   I had the good fortune to sit down with Judge Kavanaugh last week and  to renew my acquaintance with him, which first occurred in 2000. As I  have recounted here on the floor, when I was attorney general of Texas,  I had the privilege to argue a case in front of the U.S. Supreme Court.  As one of the best qualified appellate lawyers in the country, having  clerked on the Supreme Court, as well, he was one of the lawyers who  helped me get ready for that oral argument.   I had a chance not only to get to know him in 2000 but to follow his  career on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals. He has consistently  impressed me with his thoughtfulness, his deliberativeness, his  outstanding legal and  [[Page S5037]]  academic credentials, and, of course, his experience on the DC Circuit  Court of Appeals. He was candid and open, professional and impressive.   I hope all of our colleagues will meet with Judge Kavanaugh to see  for themselves. I have been told that he has been making calls to some  Democratic Senators' offices, and they refuse to see him at all.   He is an accomplished jurist who will fairly and faithfully apply the  law as written and adhere to the text of the Constitution, as judges  are obligated to do, and leave the policymaking and the politics to the  Congress and the executive branch. I look forward to continuing our  vetting process and voting to confirm Judge Kavanaugh this fall--well  in advance of the October term of the Supreme Court.   On a separate note, Mr. President, this afternoon, we will vote to  confirm another accomplished legal mind, Andy Oldham, to the Federal  Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, which includes Texas.   Andy will join two other judges whom we have already confirmed in the  Fifth Circuit earlier this year: Don Willett, a former member of the  Texas Supreme Court, and Jim Ho, my former chief counsel, someone with  impeccable legal credentials. They are already on the Fifth Circuit. I  am delighted that Andy Oldham will be joining them.   As we like to say in Texas, Andy wasn't born there, but he got there  as fast as he could. He grew up in Richmond, VA, where his parents  instilled within him a sense of hard work. His father put himself  through college, and his mother was one of the first women to attend  the University of Virginia.   Following their examples, Andy attended the University of Virginia  and was awarded the prestigious title of Jefferson Scholar. While he  was at UVA, he helped found an advocacy group to prevent sexual  assault. His group was particularly focused on educating young men on  their responsibilities when it comes to sexual violence.   From there, he attended the University of Cambridge as a Truman  Scholar, graduated with first class honors, and then went to law school  at Harvard--very impressive academic credentials.   During law school, he helped represent a death row inmate in a habeas  corpus petition and won a temporary stay of execution in the U.S.  Supreme Court. Based on Andy's hard work, the then-Governor of  Virginia, who is now a Member of the Senate, commuted the defendant's  sentence to life without parole based upon Andy's legal representation.   After law school, he went on to clerk for Judge Sentelle on the DC  Circuit Court of Appeals, which I spoke about in connection with Brett  Kavanaugh. Then he served as an attorney to the Department of Justice's  Office of Legal Counsel; that is, the lawyers for the lawyers at the  Department of Justice's Office of Legal Counsel, who issue  authoritative guidance for the Department of Justice. And then, of  course, he served as a law clerk for Justice Alito on the Supreme  Court.   Following a period of private practice, the State of Texas came  calling, and Andy became a deputy solicitor general in the office of  the Texas attorney general; then it was Greg Abbott, whom he later  followed to the Governor's office, where he now serves as Governor  Abbott's general counsel.   On behalf of the State of Texas, Andy has argued two cases before the  U.S. Supreme Court and filed countless briefs in support of the State.  Because of his background and experience, Andy has earned bipartisan  support, receiving recommendations from the general counsel to the  Obama Foundation, as well as the Texas attorney general's office.   In his confirmation hearing before the Judiciary Committee, Andy  spoke about his transition from a role as an advocate to that of a  jurist. He explained how he views the role of a jurist as  ``fundamentally different,'' which it is.   He went on to say that ``the oath of a jurist is simply to administer  justice impartially, to do equal right by rich and poor, and to  discharge justice in an equal and fair manner.'' This is exactly the  type of judge we should want serving on our courts--someone who is  impartial, not someone who will push for a particular ideology or  political agenda on the bench. I believe Andy will follow this  philosophy of impartially and fairly administering the law.   Andy spent all but 3 years of his career in public service, and he  has advocated on behalf of Texans for many years. I am confident he  will continue to serve them and the rest of the country well, and I  look forward to supporting his nomination this afternoon.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).  [[Page S5045]]    