 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today marks nearly 2 weeks since the murder  of 17 students and staff in Parkland, FL. May today also mark the  moment that we resolved to do something about school violence. May it  mark the moment that left and right determined to lay aside their  differences and work together to prevent future tragedies.   To keep our children safe from harm, there is no panacea, no one  legislative solution, and it disheartens me when I hear talk about what  can't be done. It is time to focus on what can be done.   Fortunately, solutions on the State level--including in my home State  of Utah--can help show us the way forward. Working in the realm of the  possible, Utah State legislators have come together to forge bipartisan  solutions to stop school violence. When I was in Salt Lake last week, I  learned firsthand about the Safe Utah smartphone app. The Safe Utah  crisis text and tip line is a statewide service that provides real-time  crisis intervention to use through texting and a confidential tip  program. Licensed clinicians from the University Neuropsychiatric  Institute at the University of Utah Health respond to all incoming  chats, texts, and calls 24/7 by providing supporting or crisis  counseling, suicide prevention, and referral services.   The Safe Utah Program--developed with funding from the Utah State  Legislature in collaboration with the University Neuropsychiatric  Institute, the Utah State Office of Education, the Utah Office of the  Attorney General, and the Utah Anti-Bullying Coalition--is a testament  to what can be done when mental health, education, and law enforcement  agencies work together to prevent student violence.   Not only is the app innovative, it works. Since the app was unveiled  in 2016, 86 planned school attacks have been stopped. Think about that,  86 school attacks stopped in a relatively small State. That number  translates to dozens of lives saved and hundreds of heartbreaks spared.  For thousands of families across the State, this simple app made a  world of difference. Imagine the potential if these kinds of  technologies were available to students across the country. We could  quickly get help for those who need it and, in the process, save  countless lives.   That is why, later this week, I will introduce the Students,  Teachers, and Officers Preventing School Violence Act, or the STOP  School Violence Act. My bill makes Department of Justice grants  available to States to fund programs designed to reduce school  violence.   To that end, the STOP School Violence Act will fund four initiatives.  First, it will provide grant funding for evidence-based training to  prevent student violence against others and self, including training  for local law enforcement officers, school personnel, and students.  This is not just active shooter training but training designed to give  students and teachers the knowledge to recognize and properly respond  to warning signals or signals to stop school violence before it occurs.   Second, the bill will fund evidence-based technology and equipment to  improve security and prevent school violence. This includes the  development and operation of anonymous reporting systems like the Safe  Utah app, as well as improvements to school security infrastructure to  deter and respond to threats of school violence, and, when prevention  efforts fall short--as they unfortunately will in some cases--locks on  classroom doors, reinforced entryways, and other commonsense security  infrastructure improvements will help.   Third, the bill will provide funding for the development and  operation of evidence-based school threat assessment and crisis  intervention teams, which may include evidence-based training for  school officials in responding to mental health crises. Again, school  personnel need the tools to assess and respond to threats before they  materialize, including those threats that originate from individuals  struggling with mental health issues.   Finally, the bill will provide funding for continued coordination  with local law enforcement. Law enforcement alone cannot prevent school  violence--just as no amount of prevention training, security  infrastructure improvements, or mental health resources would be able  to singularly prevent tragedies like that in Parkland, but law  enforcement, and in particular those officers who already staff  schools, have an important role to play in any comprehensive solution  to prevent school violence.   Now, some of you may point out something my bill will not address,  and that is guns. On this issue, many reforms have been proposed over  the last 12 days--some old and some new. I believe we can find common  ground here, too, such as that outlined in the bipartisan Fix NICS Act,  which ensures that our background check system is operating as  designed.   A background check is only as good as the records in the database.  The FBI's National Instant Criminal Background Check System is  currently incomplete because many Federal agencies and States have not  provided all records that establish someone as prohibited from owning a  firearm under current law, especially those related to mental health  adjudications and involuntary commitment orders.   The bipartisan Fix NICS Act will ensure more of those records make it  into the database by holding Federal agencies accountable for uploading  relevant records and incentivizing States to upload all relevant  information. Including these missing records will help ensure more  accurate and complete background checks, thereby keeping dangerous  weapons out of the hands of felons, fugitives, drug addicts, persons  with serious mental illness, and other prohibited persons.   I will be the first to admit there is no single, perfect solution-- not the STOP School Violence Act and not the Fix NICS Act, but both of  these bills can help save lives. Remember the 86 planned school attacks  since the Save Utah app was unveiled and remember the 26 lives that  might have been spared if the domestic violence offense of the shooter  in Sutherland Springs, TX, had been properly entered into the FBI  background check database.   Now is not the time for argument but for action. Rather than letting  the perfect be the enemy of the good, I implore my friends on both  sides of the aisle to come together for the safety of our children.  Rather than resorting to recycled talking points, I ask my colleagues  to heed Minority Leader Schumer's call to ``pass real legislation that  makes a difference.'' Rather than retreating to our partisan foxholes,  I call on Republicans and Democrats alike to surrender their rhetorical  weapons. For the good of the Nation, and the good of our children, all  of us must look beyond the horizon of our political differences to find  common ground.   Is this legislation enough to solve the problem of school violence?  No. Quite frankly, it is not enough, but it is a start, and it is a  start upon which we can all agree. We will not solve the problem of  school violence overnight, but with incremental efforts--such as the  legislation I have proposed--we can make a lasting difference and even  save thousands of lives.   So let's not delay any further. We owe it to our children, and to all  of those affected by gun violence, to take decisive action in those  areas where we do agree. This is important stuff. We can't just throw  in the sponge and act like we have this problem solved when we still  have work to do. So I hope we will take heed to what I have just  suggested--I think it can be very helpful to us--and we follow the  suggestions I have made here today.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   