 Mr. President, I address you and this body in the shadow  of a government shutdown, something that nobody wanted and almost  everybody strived to avoid. Yet we are here.   The CR last night barely received 50 votes, let alone the necessary  60. Several Republicans joined Democrats in rejecting the House  continuing resolution, which hurts our military, does nothing for  urgent domestic priorities like opioids, veterans, and pensions,  nothing on disaster relief, and, of course, nothing on the immigration  issues we have a real urgency to solve. We just kicked the can down the  road one more shameful time. I believe it was the fourth time we have  done that.   My Republican friends speak often of the damage done to our military  by lurching from continuing resolution to continuing resolution. We  Democrats agree. That is why we offered Secretary Mattis his full  budget request, something I offered yesterday in the White House to  President Trump as well.   My Republican friends know that we have to stop these CRs, and it is  time to actually do a budget and fully fund our military. We can't  forget about urgent domestic priorities in the budget, but the military  has to be given the certainty it needs. This is one of the main reasons  the bipartisan coalition rejected the House CR last night--because of  the damage that Secretary Mattis has said it has done to the military.   Another reason they rejected it is that it was constructed with not  an ounce of Democratic input, and I suspect very little input from many  Republicans in the Senate. In our democracy, you have to compromise if  you wish to govern. That is how our Founding Fathers designed our  government to operate. Yet, time and again, the Republican leader  believes he can drop legislation on the floor, say ``Take it or leave  it,'' and then gear up the machines of partisan war if we decide to  leave it.   The leader crafts a partisan approach without consulting us and then  tries to blame us for not going along. That kind of behavior would not  pass in any part of civil society. It would be called bullying. We are  happy and eager to compromise, but we will not be bullied.   The most important point is this: The Republicans control the White  House, the Senate, the House. That is why America and the world are  calling this shutdown the Trump shutdown.   It is the responsibility of the President and congressional  Republicans to govern. It is their responsibility to keep the doors  open and the lights on around here, but the Republican leadership can't  get a tumultuous President on board with anything, and they don't offer  us any compromises on their own.   The breakdown of compromise is poisoning this Congress, and it all  springs from President Trump. He has turned blowing up bipartisan  agreements into an art form.   The President can't take yes for an answer. Twice in this long  debate, President Trump walked away from partisan deals to solve all of  the issues before us. A week ago last Tuesday, President Trump appealed  to Congress on national television to come up with a deal, and he said  he would sign it; he would sign whatever Congress sent him. He said he  would take the heat for it. But when a bipartisan group of Senators,  led by Senator Graham and Senator Durbin, brought him that compromise,  he blew it up in a volcanic meeting at the White House.   The same script played out with the President and me yesterday. The  President called me in the morning and asked that I come to the White  House. Of course, I accepted. We had an extensive and serious  negotiation about every single outstanding issue. We came close to a  tentative agreement on the budget after I offered the Pentagon's full  budget request.   On the thorniest issue of immigration, the President said many times  he would take a deal that included DACA in exchange for the wall. I put  that deal on the table in the Oval Office in a sincere effort at  compromise. I put the wall on the table in exchange for strong DACA  protections in the Graham-Durbin compromise. It was a generous offer,  and I believe President Trump was inclined to accept it and was willing  to do a very short-term CR, he suggested Tuesday night, in order to get  the deal finalized. Hours later, I got a phone call telling me that  this was not good enough--first from the President saying: I hear it is  3 weeks.   I said: No one told me about that. That is not what we discussed.   Then a few hours later: Well, we want what you have offered and four  or five more things, which they knew were unpalatable to Democrats but  appeased the hard right, anti-immigration wing of the Republican Party.   The bottom line is simple. President Trump just can't take yes for an  answer. He has rejected not one but two viable bipartisan deals,  including one where I put his most prominent campaign pledge on the  table.   What is even more frustrating than President Trump's intransigence is  the way he seems amenable to these compromises before completely  switching positions and backing off. Negotiating with President Trump  is like negotiating with Jell-O. That is why this shutdown will be  called the Trump shutdown. The President's behavior is inimical to  compromise, which is required to getting things done in our government.   It is impossible to negotiate with a constantly moving target. Leader  McConnell has found that out, Speaker Ryan has found that out, and I  have found that out. Republican leaders refuse to move ahead without  President Trump, and President Trump is so mercurial that it has been  impossible to get him to agree to anything.   Again, to sum it up: The President can't make a deal, and  congressional Republicans will not. As a result, a paralysis has  descended on Capitol Hill.   As Donald Trump said in 2011: ``If there is a shutdown, I think it  would be a tremendously negative mark on the President of the United  States. He's the one that has to get people together.'' That was  President Trump's quote then, in 2011. Getting people together--that is  just about the opposite of what he has done in these negotiations.   Today, on the 1-year anniversary of President Trump's inauguration,  his government has closed its door to the American people, and he  hardly seems to care. Early on he said that our country could use ``a  good `shutdown.''' Today he tweeted: ``This is the One Year Anniversary  of my Presidency  [[Page S361]]  and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present.''   He called the shutdown an anniversary present--a present--which shows  just how out of touch and how callous he can be. A government shutdown  is no present for the country, for his party, or for him, and it is  entirely the President's doing. The only way out of this is for the  President to take yes for an answer and to accept the bipartisan  compromise we bring him.   On our side, we will keep trying. Last night I suggested that the  four leaders and President Trump meet immediately to sort all this out.  I still hope we can do that. Otherwise, this Trump shutdown will go on  longer than anyone wants it to.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Tennessee.   