 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak about H.R. 4100.   The Federal Bar Association is the Nation's premier association for  practitioners in Federal courts and, as such, should, of course, be  open to all, regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity.   Currently, the FBA recognizes the importance of nondiscrimination and  has adopted a diversity statement that includes race, gender,  ethnicity, national origin, religion, age, disability, sexual  orientation, and gender identity.   Diversity statements are valuable, but they do not carry the weight  of law. The addition of a nondiscrimination provision to the FBA  charter is an important action, but it is really unfortunate that my  Republican colleagues have excluded gender identity as an enumerated  protected characteristic in the law. I am not sure if they are  pandering to the most extremes in their party or to their political  base, but it is wrong.   Gender identity is an individual's personal and internal  identification as a man, a woman, neither, or both. For transgender  people, their gender identity may not match their biological or legal  sex. Despite the efforts to exclude gender identity from H.R. 4100,  transgender people will be protected from discrimination under Federal  law.   Discrimination on the basis of gender identity is a form of sex  discrimination. Laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sex  protect transgender people.   Numerous Federal circuit and district court opinions have held that  our Nation's nondiscrimination laws that prohibit discrimination on the  basis of sex protect transgender people from discrimination. That  includes title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Equal Credit  Opportunity Act, and title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972.   The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission determined in Macy v.  Holder that title VII's prohibitions on sex discrimination also  prohibit discrimination on the basis of gender identity. This decision  is binding on the Federal Government with respect to employment  practices.   While gender identity will be covered by the sex nondiscrimination  provision, it is better to enumerate gender identity. Our laws work  best when there are clear expectations.    Listing out protected characteristics helps those  making determinations about membership understand their obligations,  and helps those seeking membership understand their rights. There is no  reason to refuse to include gender identity as a protected  characteristic.   While I do not oppose H.R. 4100, I hope that we can continue to  discuss and take into account the issues that impact the lives of LGBTI  individuals and will work toward a charter that protects everyone from  discrimination.   