 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to speak on behalf of the  amendments offered by Senator Kennedy and myself to the FIRST STEP Act.  I think many of the policies in this bill are deeply unwise to allow  early release from prison--thousands of serious repeat and potentially  violent felons over the next few months if this bill passes.   Our amendments will not do much to solve that problem. They wouldn't  solve some of the other problems of the bill which slash some of the  minimum mandatory sentences on the front end of sentencing. However,  they will fix the worst parts of this bill. I urge all of my colleagues  to support them.   Frankly, I don't understand why any Senator would oppose them. Let me  talk about what these amendments will do. The first amendment will  specifically exclude early release from prison for certain heinous  criminals to be certain they are going to serve the full length of the  sentence to which a jury and a judge sentenced them.   Let me outline the crimes our amendment will cover and, therefore,  prohibit from early release: coercing a child to engage in prostitution  or any sexual activity, carjacking, assaulting a law enforcement  officer, bank robbery, assisting Federal prisoners with jailbreak, hate  crimes, and assault.   The bill sponsors have said this bill will not allow early release  from prison for violent felons or serious felons. I consider coercing a  minor into sex and prostitution, or carjacking, or bank robbery pretty  serious crimes and usually violent crimes as well.   Our amendment would also ensure there are no violent felons released  from prison or other sex offenders. This is consistent simply with the  rhetoric and the talking points the bill's sponsors have used to sell  the bill.   Unfortunately, the bill text does not cover all violent felons or sex  offenders. Now, 62 percent of all Federal prisoners would still be  eligible for early release according to the U.S. Sentencing Commission.  We are not solving all of the problems of the bill, but it would at  least ensure that some of these most heinous criminals who prey on  young children or the vulnerable are not released early from prison.   Our second amendment is a victims' rights amendment. It simply says,  this bill, which creates new ways and categories under which Federal  prisoners can serve their sentence, and if they do, in fact, get  released from prison early, their victims will be notified and given a  chance to comment. They don't get a veto. I, frankly, probably wouldn't  object to that, but they just get a notice. They have a right to write  a letter to the warden.   I think we should stand with victims at a time when we are passing  legislation that is going to slash sentences on the front end for  serious and repeat felons and then release them early on the back end.  It is not too much to ask that we notify their victims when they are  released early from prison and give those victims a chance to comment.   Finally, the third Kennedy-Cotton amendment would direct the  Department of Justice to track the recidivism crimes of any prisoner  released early from Federal prison under this law. The bill sponsors  make much about the recidivism reduction training that Federal inmates  will receive but how it is all evidence-based. This simply provides  more evidence consistent with the traditional collection of criminal  justice data of the Department of Justice. It directs the Department  merely to report to Congress on the recidivism rates of inmates  released under this legislation.   Again, these are very modest amendments. They are consistent with the  rhetoric of the bill sponsors.   I know some of the sponsors have said this is a poison pill. I,  frankly, don't see why. It is consistent with their own rhetoric, and  62 percent of all felons in Federal prison would still be eligible for  early release. It does nothing to reduce the leniency on the front end  for two-time and three-time drug traffickers.   These are pretty modest amendments. I wish we would have already  voted on them. Senator Kennedy and I were ready to vote hours ago. I  know there is some disagreement about other amendments on which we may  be voting.   Let me state for the record that I also support Senator Lankford's  amendment to ensure that faith-based organizations have access to  Federal prisons and Federal grants as one of those very critical anti- recidivism opportunities that we provide to Federal inmates. This  amendment was promised to Senator Lankford last week. Somehow it didn't  get into the text of the bill. I think it could be adopted by unanimous  consent. I certainly support Senator Lankford's amendment to be adopted  by unanimous consent because I support faith-based organizations that  work in prisons to try to help prisoners turn their lives around.   Another amendment under consideration is Senator Cruz's amendment  that would exclude more offenses from early release. I support Senator  Cruz's amendment as well, and I would support a unanimous consent  agreement to call Senator Cruz's amendment to the floor and to pass it.  It doesn't overlap exactly with my amendment. It doesn't have the same  offenses, but it does have serious offenses. I think we should call  that up as well. Then we can vote on the bill.   The bill has been years in the making--the result of painstaking  negotiations. These amendments are pending. They are germane under the  rules of the Senate. We should vote on them, vote on passage of the  bill, and we should move on to the Senate's other business.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I will take the 2 minutes for this  division, I  [[Page S7779]]  believe. Senator Kennedy will take the 2 minutes for each of the next  two amendments.   This amendment is very simple. It simply ensures that the sponsors'  rhetoric is reflected in the text of the bill. We have heard for years  that this bill would not allow violent felons to be released from  prison. As it stands now, this bill allows people convicted of  carjacking, bank robbery, and coercing a minor into sexual activity and  into prostitution to be released early from prison, among many other  things. That is just a fact of the bill itself.   The amendment that Senator Kennedy and I have offered would exclude  certain specified heinous crimes like coercing a minor into sexual  activity or prostitution from those prisoners who are eligible for  early release. It would also ensure that no person who is convicted of  any crime of violence or any sexual offense is released early from  prison. That is what the bill sponsors have said all along.  Unfortunately, the bill language does not reflect that rhetoric. Our  amendment will ensure that it does.   I know some people have called this a ``poison pill,'' which is a  slogan in the substitute of an argument. The U.S. Sentencing Commission  has said that even if this amendment passes, 62 percent of Federal  prisoners will still be eligible for early release.   If I could do more, I would, but I think we can all agree that people  who are convicted child molesters should not be allowed early release  from our Federal prisons. If you are curious about how many sex  offenders we have and what our Bureau of Prisons thinks about them, let  me share with you this little statistic. There are over 15,000 sex  offenders in Federal prison and 72 percent of them are currently  assessed at low risk. Let me say that 72 percent of those 15,000 sex  offenders could be eligible for release if we don't have a simple  exclusion on sex offenders and crimes of violence.   I yield the floor.    I appreciate that from the Senator from Iowa. If that is  the case, I will defer to the Senator from Louisiana because I think he  wanted to speak on that specific division.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I will not speak for 2 minutes. There was  confusion earlier about which amendments we are voting on.   Frankly, most of you have heard my arguments before. Just to clarify,  this has six specific exclusions from early release--offenses like  coercing a minor into sexual activity or prostitution, carjacking, bank  robbery, hate crimes, as well as a catchall for crimes of violence and  sex offenses.   With that, I yield back the balance of my time and urge my colleagues  to vote yes.   