 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I also  thank Chairman Smith and the ranking member for standing together on  this important House Resolution 128.   It is true that Minnesota is home to a large number of people who  find their roots in Ethiopia and are of the Oromo background.   These Minnesotans have made it very clear by reaching out to their  elected representatives that while their feet are firmly planted on  American soil, they still, like so many other Americans, have a heart  and a sentiment where they want to support justice in the homeland that  they came from. As a result, I have been able to get an education from  my constituents about circumstances in Ethiopia which make this  resolution necessary.    So I do rise in support of House Resolution 128, which calls on the  Government of Ethiopia to make clear, concrete steps toward becoming  inclusive, more democratic, more respectful of human rights of all of  its citizens.   I would like to note that this is a bipartisan resolution, proving  that we can come together for critical issues like human rights in  Ethiopia for Americans who find their roots in Ethiopia and for people  all over the world.   In Minnesota, as I noted, we are fortunate to be home to one of the  largest Oromo and Ogaden communities in North America, and it is  because of the relentless work of these folks that these issues have  come to light. I thank them. Many of them are here today. They have  been working on this issue for many years, Mr. Speaker, because it is  that vitally important.   Now, as my colleagues have noted, Ethiopia is an important ally of  the United States, that is a fact, but even allies must be held  accountable when they violate the human rights of their people. Status  as an ally is not a license to abuse human rights.   The Ethiopian people desperately need their government to take action  to secure their human rights and expand inclusive democracy.    Mr. Speaker, the Ethiopian Government continues to  detain journalists, bloggers, students, and political opposition  leaders. Thousands remain in prison to this day.   In addition, the Ethiopian Government admits to killing over 500 of  its citizens during the protests in an effort to suppress the people's  freedom of speech. Most observers put this number far higher.   These abuses have created a serious instability in the country. While  there have been some signs of progress, which must be noted, including  the recent election of a prime minister from the Oromo region, we must  continue to push for real, concrete changes. For example, the  government should let the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights  travel through the country to conduct an independent assessment of the  human rights situation in the country.   By passing this resolution, Congress will be making clear that we  will not remain silent on this important issue, we will stand together  across the political divide in support of these human rights in  Ethiopia.   By passing this resolution, we will speed up democratic change in  Ethiopia.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this  important resolution.   