 Mr. Speaker, first I would like to acknowledge  the gentleman from Georgia, Representative Doug Collins, and the  gentleman from New York, Representative Hakeem Jeffries, for their hard  work and dedication in improving this bill over the last several weeks.   Historically, the United States of America has been plagued with  serious, fundamental problems within our criminal justice system. For  far too long, policymakers have chosen to play politics and disapprove  of common-sense policy that is specifically geared towards reducing  crime by instead enacting so-called ``tough on crime'' slogans and  soundbites, such as ``three strikes and you're out,'' ``mandatory  minimum sentencing,'' and even rhymes such as, ``you do the adult  crime, you do the adult time.'' These policies may sound appealing, but  their impact ranges from a negligible reduction in crime to an actual  increase in crime.   Turning to the bill we are debating today, I recognize that the FIRST  STEP Act includes a fix to the calculation of good time credit, which I  have sought for many years. Calculating good time credit as Congress  had originally intended is a serious improvement made by this bill.  This bill also improves the auditing process for enforcing the Prison  Rape Elimination Act (PREA) to protect prisoners from sexual assault.  It places prohibitions on shackling pregnant and post-partum women. The  bill expands the use and transparency of compassionate release for  terminally ill prisoners. It also requires the federal Bureau of  Prisons to house prisoners closer to their primary residence, so they  can maintain ties to their family and community. And there is a  significant investment in programs designed to reduce recidivism.   But process is essential to crafting an effective bill. There were no  hearings on this bill. Nor has a CBO score been done. Nor has a prison  impact analysis been prepared. And it is obvious that experts had  little to do with drafting the bill. As a result of this process, there  are several problems with the bill. First, the version of the bill we  are voting on today is unnecessarily complicated by the use of a risk  assessment tool. I have reached out to experts in the field of prison  reform, and I have not found anyone who will say that risk assessment  tools should be used to determine which prisoners can use time credits  to gain early release from prison. Instead, they suggest that simply  increasing programming for everyone will reduce recidivism and the  complicated risk assessments are unnecessary and will stand in the way  of reducing recidivism for many prisoners. The risk assessment process  may also exacerbate existing racial disparities in the federal prison  system.   Second, experts have raised serious concerns about excluding groups  of prisoners from this program who we know will be released from prison  and therefore should be involved in the program.   Third, there are questions of cost and funding. The Bureau of Prisons  has cut contracts with halfway houses and terminated 6,000 correctional  officers. This bill cannot achieve its goals without an adequately  staffed prison system, as well as sufficient space at halfway houses.   Even in the absence of hearings and experts, we can see that some of  the opposition to this bill is almost comical, because it is lodged by  advocates who support other legislation that carries the same  provisions that are either similar to or worse than what they complain  about in the FIRST STEP Act. Others oppose the bill because it does not  include sentencing reform and therefore does not address mass  incarceration. Unfortunately, the bill those advocates hold up as  ``sentencing reform'' fails to make any meaningful reduction in mass  incarceration, and may in fact add to mass incarceration.   It is in the context of this absurd process that we have to vote on  this legislation. Unfortunately, without the appropriate analysis, we  can only guess about its impact. Based on that guess, it is my  determination that no prisoner will be worse off, but many may be  significantly better off, under the FIRST STEP Act. I expect that  public safety will be enhanced by this bill, because more people will  receive programming to reduce their likelihood to commit future crimes.  Although this is a shameful process, I will therefore support the bill.   Mr. Speaker, as the process moves forward, I hope that the sponsors  of this legislation will continue to improve it, based on evidence and  research.   