 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5576, the Cyber  Deterrence and Response Act of 2018. I am proud to be an original  cosponsor of this legislation authored by Congressman Yoho, who did  great work with this bill, along with Chairman Royce and other members  of our committee.   Mr. Speaker, every day, America faces cyber threats from around the  world. Countries, including Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea, have  attacked our companies, our infrastructure, our government, and even  the very heart of our democracy, our elections.   The Cyber Deterrence and Response Act is a step in responding to  these threats. This bill requires the President to impose sanctions on  those who participate in a state-sponsored cyber attack against the  United States.   These far-reaching sanctions could be targeted to individuals,  entities, and states themselves that perpetrate these attacks. These  include attacks against critical infrastructure, public and private  computer networks, and any sector that would jeopardize America's  national security, foreign policy, economic health, or financial  stability.   This is a bipartisan, good bill, and I urge all Members to support  it. But let me be clear: This bill does not do nearly enough to respond  to Putin's attack on our democracy. We must continue to do this, but  this is an important step and a very good step, and is indicative of  the bipartisan cooperation that we have in the Foreign Affairs  Committee, which is very, very important when we are dealing with  foreign affairs.   Our adversaries need to know that we are united, and that is what a  bill like this does. So I congratulate Mr. Yoho for his hard work on  this bill. It is a welcome effort to enhance our response to cyber  attacks, but it is a Band-Aid on a bullet wound, if we don't do  anything else.   We need to keep doing these kinds of things. Those countries that  would wish us ill, we have to let them know that we are not going to  just stand idly by and be a target.   In 2016, our Nation was attacked. The very core of our democratic  process was hit by Russian cyber forces, and our government has been  woefully negligent to adequately respond.   I thank Republican leadership for bringing this bill forward, but we  really need to address the critical issue of our vulnerability to these  cyber attacks. If we do that, they will bring forward one of the many  other stronger bills on this matter as well, for example, my bill that  I introduced with Mr. Connolly, the SECURE Our Democracy Act; or the  Secure America from Russian Interference Act, which includes my bill;  and more than a dozen others. These bills constitute a strong, decisive  response that matches the gravity of the threat we face.   These bills would require the President to impose sanctions on those  who attacked our elections in 2016 and would do much, much more to  shore up our election system. For over a year, I have been pushing and  pleading that the bill moves forward. I hope it will move forward as  well.   We need to go on record now and say whether we will do everything in  our power to stop another attack on American democracy, or whether we  will  [[Page H7847]]  just step to the side with rhetoric and let it happen again. That is,  again, why I am so happy to support this bill, because it shows that we  are working together.   But the point I want to make in collaboration with that is that we  still have much more work to do. I know the committee, in a couple of  weeks, is going to hold a very important hearing on Russia, and I think  it is very important that we do that.   Mr. Speaker, I again urge my colleagues to support this very good  piece of legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode  Island (Mr. Langevin), an original cosponsor of this legislation and a  strong leader on cyber policy in Congress.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   In closing, I urge all my colleagues once again to support this  measure. The scope of the cyber threat that we are facing is immense.  This is a good bill, and moves us in the right direction, and I urge  all our colleagues to support it.   I want to thank Chairman Royce. As usual, I want to thank Chairman  Royce and Congressman Yoho for their friendship and their hard work on  this critical issue.   I yield back the balance of my time.   