 Mr. Speaker, we all took an oath. I know we remember  that oath--for me, it was pretty meaningful; it was my first oath of  office--to keep our citizens safe, to protect them, protect them at our  borders, protect them in the case of disasters.   In fact, in the past, our colleagues on the other side of the aisle  have supported a border wall, border protection. But now, since the  name ``President Trump'' is on it, it is evil; it is bad. How  politically convenient.   I remind you of the oath we took to protect the citizens in this  Nation whom, apparently, we are so ready to toss aside when it is  politically expedient.   You talk about a deal that was made. The Senate may have made  whatever deal they wished to make. I am unaware that we work for the  United States Senate, Mr. Speaker.   I represent the people of the 10th Congressional District, and I will  tell you what they say. They want our borders secure. They want us to  take care of people in disasters. There are heartaches for the folks in  Florida, George, and California who were devastated by disasters. They  ask why we can't fund disaster relief for those people.    Please, let's not talk about a deal that was made in the other House,  because we are not responsible to them. We are responsible to the  people who elected us.   One last point: We are at this point of struggling over keeping the  government open--and let's be honest about it, it is part of the  government. The other side of the aisle talks about shutting down the  government. It is about 20 percent, 25 percent of the government.   We are at this point because the Senate won't make a deal that  doesn't protect the fairly tenuous position that the future Speaker has  on the other side of the aisle, and she doesn't want to make a deal.   I spent 35 years in private business. Compromise is the way it works.  A compromise was offered and summarily rejected within minutes in the  Senate by Mr. Schumer and then by Ms. Pelosi.   I urge my colleagues to support the rule, pass the resolution, and  send it back to the Senate and tell them to do their job.   