 Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding. I  congratulate my friend and colleague from Kentucky (Mr. Barr) for  tackling this difficult and very important issue.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this much-needed legislation that  would expand housing options for individuals who are transitioning out  of addiction treatment and require continued support. These are  typically people who have exhausted all of their resources already.   Why? Because they are addicted. That is why they are in this, that is  why they qualify for these housing assistance vouchers, and this is  right on target for helping them.   The THRIVE Act is an important piece of legislation with strong,  bipartisan support that came out of our committee that would create a  pilot program to allocate Section 8 housing choice vouchers to  transitional housing nonprofits with evidence-based models of recovery  and life skills training. It is important to note that this is 10,000  total vouchers out of the 2.2 million that are available, or one-half  of 1 percent of all of those vouchers, whichever is less, so we are  talking about a small portion of all of the total vouchers that are  available.   But here is what we do know, Mr. Chairman. Our country, our States,  and our communities are in crisis right now. Over the last decade,  there has been this dramatic rise in opioid abuse, whether it is the  nonmedical use of prescription drugs, as well as illicitly manufactured  heroin. We need engagement at every level.   In light of this medical emergency, there is an extremely pressing  need for additional transitional housing for  [[Page H5176]]  opioid recovery. These housing programs must follow a proven evidence- based approach that has helped thousands of Americans to maintain  sobriety after completing rehab, gain valuable job skills, and  eventually transition back into society to lead independent lives.   Time and time again, individuals who have just completed inpatient  rehab programs are forced to live in housing situations where they are  surrounded by people who are using the same illegal substances that  sent them into rehab. We have to change that.   While the evidence suggests that effective treatment and recovery  plans should cover a span of 3 to 5 years for an individual, based on  their needs and severity, we have a long way to go to properly  prioritize and fund the recovery support programs and resources that  individuals need in their communities. Twenty-three million Americans  are in recovery today--let me repeat that--23 million people are in  recovery today for substance abuse.   A sober, safe, and healthy living environment that promotes recovery  from substance abuse is essential in providing recovery support. These  are people who qualify, as I said before, for these Section 8 vouchers.  Because they have exhausted their resources, let's throw them a  lifeline. Let's throw them some help. Let's allow them to have an  opportunity to go and succeed.   That is why I support the THRIVE Act, which also has the support of  the Michigan Heroin and Opiate Prevention and Education program, which  is known as Mi-HOPE, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this  bill.   