 Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Education and  the Workforce Committee, and representative of Kansas' manufacturing  hub known as the Air Capital of the World . . . I have heard repeatedly  about the skills gap facing employers and today's labor force.   For a generation . . . many have stressed the importance of a 4-year  degree over that of a technical skill.   While a 4-year degree remains vitally important . . . we must not  forget the equal need for career and technical education . . .  especially when our economy now has more job openings than qualified  applicants.   That's why I'm proud to support H.R. 2353.   This bipartisan bill helps more Americans enter the workforce with  skills they need to succeed.   The bill provides local leaders more resources and flexibility to  adapt to changing education and economic needs; supports more  collaboration between employers and educators to close the skills gap;  streamlines performance measures for CTE programs; and reigns in  Washington's control over individual curriculums and performance.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in support of two  bills being considered today as part of our overall goal to improve  healthcare for families across the country.   Currently, ObamaCare is broken. As I mentioned in an opinion piece,  from 2010 to 2016, health insurance premiums increased by nearly $4,400  per family.   This year, health insurance costs rose about 30 percent and are  expected to go up an additional 10 to 20 percent in 2019.   These skyrocketing costs are not due to some sabotage, as some folks  have suggested. Instead, they are a product of a system that was  designed and destined to fail.   Today, we all recognize that ObamaCare has failed to provide  insurance for all Americans. Rather than create more government-run  healthcare, we need competition and free market solutions like health  savings accounts to put patients in control of their own healthcare.  That is why I am proud to support H.R. 6199, the Restoring Access to  Medication Act of 2018, sponsored by Representative Lynn Jenkins and  Representative Grace 