 Mr. President, we come to the end of what I think has been  a very productive conference.   I am not happy, as most of us aren't, with an ending that doesn't  allow us to get all of the principal work of the Congress done, which  is to decide how we are going to fund the government, how we are going  to spend money. We did--this year for the first time in a long time-- get 75 percent of that job done before the beginning of the fiscal  year. There is nowhere else in America where that would be a bragging  point, but we hadn't done that in 20 years, and so it is a pretty  significant accomplishment.   What we need to figure out is what we did and how we can replicate  that in  [[Page S7846]]  the future. We have to get to this work. We have to have the kind of  floor debates we had this year. We don't need to let it drag into the  end of the year as too many of the bills did this time.   The worst possible thing to do, in my view, in terms of funding the  government, is to shut down the government. The next worst possible  thing to do is a long-term CR, where you just say: We couldn't decide  how to spend the money this year, so we are going to spend it like we  spent it last year.   The next option is the one we are following, which appears to be a  short-term CR to, unfortunately, come back and begin next year's work  with the obligation to finish this year's work. That is clearly a  mistake, and it is a mistake that ends a Congress that otherwise was  pretty successful.   All kinds of regulatory reform occurred. Some of it the Congress was  involved in. For the first time in the history of the Congressional  Review Act, the Congress--15 times--sent to the President a regulation  that the Congress was not going to approve, and, 15 times, the  President agreed with that decision. That happened exactly one other  time in the 25-year history of the Congressional Review Act. There was  one time before this Congress when it had happened 15 times.   The regulatory situation of the country is much better. The first  major rewrite in the tax bill in 31 years has clearly had and is having  an impact on our economy. The numbers in my State of Missouri are as  good as they have been in a long time. I think our unemployment number  is at its lowest in 18 years. The national unemployment number is at  its lowest in almost 15 years. Missouri's number, at 3.2 percent, is  even lower than that. There are things like the long-term extension for  the FAA, or the Federal Aviation Administration, and the farm bill.  There are a lot of things that we should be talking about.   I want to talk, for just a few minutes, about the things that have  happened for Missouri this year here in the Senate. We have made  significant progress in addressing some of the most important issues  facing both the State and the Nation.   Just this month, we had a land transfer for the National Geospatial- Intelligence Agency. It started out as an ocean mapping agency in St.  Louis, MO, decades ago, and then it became a full partner in our  overhead architecture that tries to figure out what is going on in the  world at any given moment on any given day--things like mapping out  what we know about the outside of the place where Osama bin Laden was  hiding and where he was eventually found, guessing from watching  traffic going in and out of there, what might be on the other side of  the door when you go in. That is just one of the things that happens at  the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency every day.   That one and others happened at Next NGA West, the St. Louis  facility. There was big competition on what we should do about that.  The decision was made to put that $1.3 billion new facility in the city  of St. Louis, right next to one of the great Federal disasters of all  time.   The Pruitt-Igoe housing complex--not well thought out--had to be  imploded within a short time of people's moving in there. Within a  decade or so, it was known to be a disaster. Not too long after that,  it just imploded. That is sort of, again, the implosion of so much of  that part of a city that, at one time, was the fourth biggest city in  the country in terms of population. It is not there any longer. There  are things like the GEOINT workforce--the national geospatial location  being there--that will make a difference.   Certainly, there is aviation, and we make lots of military aircraft  in our State. The bill that we funded that we worried so much about in  recent years really brought it back to where we have the multiyear  funding of things like the Super Hornet, the Hornet, and the Growler.  It just so totally disrupts the efforts of our enemies to figure out  what that formation of planes is all about. It is an important part of  flying, whether they come off of the deck of a ship or off of a runway  or anything else. Boeing won the opportunity to make the Air Force's T- X trainer, and it is beginning the process right now. The nonmanned  tanker is important. Just a few years ago, keeping those lines open in  a way that we were concerned about wouldn't have happened.   I had the chance this weekend to be a part of the launching of the  future Freedom Class ship USS St. Louis. The Navy asked for 32 of those  ships, and this Congress gave them 35. Now, if you are listening out  there and you are a taxpayer and are thinking about this, well, why  would the Congress give them 35 when they asked for 32? We look not  just to the immediate need of that line but at the long-term and  unfunded need. It hasn't been that long since the Navy would have asked  for 32 ships but might have gotten 18 or 16. We are in a place in  which, once again, we are looking at our defense obligations. We also  had the biggest pay increase for men and women in uniform in over a  decade. All of those things matter.   Senator McCaskill and I worked on one piece of legislation to allow  the historic Delta Queen, which will be based at Kimmswick, MO, which  is just south of St. Louis on the Mississippi River, to get back in  operation again. It is a 1920s riverboat on which, not too many years  ago, President Carter took his summer vacation with the other  passengers.   The Gateway Arch was reopened. Officially, 60 years after the arch  was built, it was time to restore it. It was also time to connect the  arch in better and different ways to the city of St. Louis--to the  historic courthouse where the Dred Scott decision was started. That is  where the local Federal court case was that wound up in a Supreme Court  disaster. In the hearts and minds of the people, they are looking back  at how wrong-headed that particular court was, but that old courthouse  is still there. It is now connected to the arch, as it was not before,  and to downtown.   I talked yesterday to the designated person who runs the Park  Service. I said that we wanted the second century of the Park Service  to be a public-private partnership. There is no greater example of that  than the reopening and the restoring of the arch and in the connecting  of it to downtown. There has been 300-and-some million dollars spent.  Almost all of that money was either privately or locally raised with a  tax on the city of St. Louis. I think about $20 million of that 300- plus million-dollar project was Federal highway money.   The message there is that if you are going to expect a different  source of money, you also have to expect a different kind of  partnership. I think one of the things the Park Service learned with  that big project was if the second century of the system were going to  be different, it can't be just like the first century. You get your  money from somewhere else, and then do whatever you want to do. What  happens is you get your money from somewhere else and you have to  create a sense that you really have partners in that.   In St. Louis, during World War II and after, a lot of the work on  atomic weapons was done. In September, Congresswoman Wagner and I were  able to join a signing ceremony on a record of decision of what to do  with some of that military waste--that radioactive waste that had been  left from the years before and after the end of World War II. It had  been discarded by the Federal Government in ways that were not well  thought out, in the West Lake Landfill.   Families there have been tireless advocates in demanding that things  be done for the health and safety of their children and their  community. They waited for 27 years for some real criticism out there  by Scott Pruitt, who was the EPA Director. When we first talked to him  about this, he said that you can't be on the priority list for almost  30 years if it is really a priority list. With his and Administrator  Wheeler's leadership, somehow we came to a conclusion there that has  generally been met positively by people who have worked so hard to get  that Federal decision--there is a public-private partnership--and the  private companies they worked with to do something with this material-- to now do the right thing with the material, which means moving it out  of our State.   In southeast Missouri, there was a port authority, an inland port  authority. An almost $20 million bridge grant was announced the other  day that will allow that inland port, with two new  [[Page S7847]]  rail lines, to become much more multimobile than it had been before.   What is going to happen to rural food demand? It is critically  important. No country in the world is better suited than we are to meet  the doubling of world food demand between now and 2050. In the doubling  of the biggest area of commerce in the world, our inland ports in that  discussion become particularly important.   Both the Congress and, in this case, the Missouri General Assembly  are paying attention to the inland port structure like they have not  before. The biggest single piece of contiguous agricultural ground in  the world is the Mississippi River Valley. Unlike the others in the  world that may be almost as big, it has its own built-in transportation  network. The Missouri, the Ohio, the Arkansas, and the Illinois are  rivers that flow into the Mississippi River and create that network  that now links through the Panama Canal easily. You can go to Asia. You  don't go through the Panama Canal. You easily get to the east coast of  our country or you get to Europe and Africa. It is a great opportunity  for us, and that kind of investment makes that opportunity more likely  to pay the kind of dividends we would hope it would pay.   In September of this year, Congress passed and the President signed  the Energy and Water appropriations bill, which included $25 million  for the Delta Regional Authority, which is an authority designed to  benefit a part of our country in which the early focus on labor  intensive occupations, particularly farming, has given way to looking  at that part of our economy without thinking about what has happened to  rural communities and the rural workforce as that has moved on.  Broadband is part of that, and I think we are going to see that  continue to be a big part of what goes on in the future.   We have the small ports and the Mississippi River and tributaries  project. We have the Ste. Genevieve National Historic Park, and the  President signed that bill in March. Ste. Genevieve has French  architecture that goes back to the late 1700s and to the very early  1800s. It is unique in the kind of architecture that is preserved  there. Some of the oldest buildings, certainly, in the middle of the  country and, in some cases, west of the Mississippi are there, and we  are moving forward. I hope, even this week, to do a couple of  additional things that will make that historic park work and be open to  people from all over the world. The French Ambassador wants to go there  in the near future and see what we are doing, as an example, to  maintain those buildings that are reflective of a different part of our  heritage than we have in most of the country.   Research institutions, like the University of Missouri, the USDA ag  research facility in Columbia, and other places across our State, have  benefited from additional research money.   In East Locust Creek, in August of 2018, it was announced that the  final investment would be made for an East Locust Creek Reservoir in  North Central Missouri. Water is a bigger and bigger challenge as we  look toward the future, and thinking now about how we are going to have  the kinds of water opportunities we need for drinking water or  agriculture water and other water is very important.   In Sedalia, MO, a project to help--Congresswoman Hartzler and I  worked on a project to help make the industrial park work better. Nucor  just announced this year a significant and brandnew steel facility in  that part of our State.   In Kansas City, the Buck O'Neil Bridge, across the Missouri River, is  something that has needed to be done for a long time. The community had  come up with 90 percent of the money needed, a bridge grant that  Secretary Chao called me about, that the community had applied for,  gets that last $25 million of that 200-and-some million-dollar project.   There has been a long fight at Whiteman Air Force Base in Warrensburg  to maintain the A-10s and then do what we could to get the replacement  wing there. That is important, as were the things that happened in  Saint Joseph with the lift capacity, the ability with those C-130s,  where 19 different countries come to that facility and train to figure  out how to get the kind of support we need for military all over the  world, including our NATO allies.   Senator Boozman and I, from the days we were in the House together,  formed an I-49 caucus. Another announcement just in the last month will  allow the last few miles of I-49 to be completed in our State. I was  there about 8 years ago when Highway 71 in Missouri became I-49, and in  most of our State now it is I-49, and it will be I-49 in all of our  State.   So what has happened there and what has happened with opioid grant  funding and with our mental health leadership in our State have  resulted in significant legislative achievements this year.   The HIRE Vets Act is legislation that provides not only for hiring  vets, but it also establishes recognition. Everybody says they hire  vets. This is following up on legislation that was passed here in the  Senate and in the House and signed into law in May of 2017. The Labor  Department came up with that new standard of acknowledging who hires  vets and who is better at hiring vets than anybody else. The first five  Missouri employers were recognized this year with dozens of employers  all over the country, in a tiered situation. It is sort of like the  LEED standard for energy efficiency; we now have a standard for hiring  vets.   As with the FAA reauthorization bill I mentioned earlier, our efforts  to move toward more rural broadband have moved significantly this year,  but, still, that is one of the things we need to be looking at next  year.   I would argue that this is certainly one of the most effective right- of-center Congresses in a long time. I think it has been an effective  Congress. We looked at the issues facing the country, and we have done  the best we can, in a long- and short-range way, to deal with those  issues. It is something we ought to be talking to people we work for  about, trying to use that as a standard. We were good this year; let's  figure out how to be even better next year.   I yield the floor.   