 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mr. Hultgren for leading this  effort here tonight but also his great spiritual counsel and  partnership in this building here. It is very much appreciated. Indeed,  he is one of God's great servants.   So, you know, as I harken back on my years of when we saw Billy  Graham on TV and the inspirational character he was, and all my  colleagues here tonight have alluded to it as well, he lived a very,  very full life, a selfless life. And when I think about the leaders  that have come through Washington, indeed, what is this town named for?  George Washington, who is probably the single most selfless politician  I can ever think of in terms of giving of service, putting himself last  and the country first. He didn't want to be king. He didn't really want  to preside so much, but he wanted to help. God was always on his side.   And I see in Billy Graham that same kind of greatness of the founding  policies, the founding values of George Washington's and some of our  Founders manifested, in a man who reached and saved millions in this  country over those years with his crusades.    A couple of my colleagues already mentioned his interaction with Dr.  King. And with this being Black History Month, the last couple of days  of it here, I thought it would be appropriate to touch on that as well  because Billy Graham helped be a force in the civil rights movement,  showing the way for others who may have been hesitant or breaking down  the barrier for those who still wanted to sustain segregation.   My colleague mentioned the Chattanooga rally there where he himself  went down when the ushers would not do it, and he removed those ropes  so it would be integrated because, in God's eyes, all are equal, and  then setting out in the Constitution all are created equal.   So Billy Graham sustained that in his years of friendship with Dr.  King, and showing that he was a nonpartisan, nonracial leader, helped  saved the lives of all men who are created equal. So that goes so far  that he is willing to put it on the line. He made people mad. He made  the head usher resign that day when he made that courageous--but what  he probably felt wasn't courageous at all--but the right action.   So Billy Graham, even to his last day when he made a short video, was  all about informing people about Jesus, about the salvation they could  have if they would just embrace Jesus and find what eternal life really  is all about, that it isn't what treasures we store here on this planet  but the ones we store in Heaven when we embrace Him.   There will never be another like him, but we can always remember him  with pride. And as he would say himself, that his stores of treasure  are up in Heaven. And he will be even stronger up there with his legacy  and his memory and his family members that go on to do what he did.   So God bless Billy Graham, and I thank, again, Mr. Hultgren for this  opportunity tonight.   