 Mr. President, sometimes--not always--but sometimes  Congress operates under the principle that anything worth doing is  worth overdoing, and that, to some extent, is what happened with Dodd- Frank.   It has been almost 8 years since Dodd-Frank took effect, and in that  time, well over 1,700 community banks have consolidated, merged, or  shut their doors forever. We are going backward. That is an average of  one every 3 days.   I was reading this morning that in the last 3 years, only 13 new  banks have been formed in America. That is not 13 per year, that is 13  total. Before Dodd-Frank, we averaged about 100 a year. Across America,  banks of all sizes have closed more than 10,000 branches. Acknowledging  the damage Dodd-Frank has wrought for our local economies is long  overdue, and it is high time we did something about it.   In my State of Louisiana, out-of-control compliance costs have led to  banks boarding up their windows. That means, at this point in time, in  at least 15 communities in my State, folks do not have access to a bank  or to a credit union. For Louisianians living in these banking deserts,  getting a check or a savings account may be little more than a  pipedream.   I am not suggesting to you that everything in Dodd-Frank was  misguided. I think we had a handful of institutions that precipitated,  in part, the meltdown in 2008, and Dodd-Frank regulates those  institutions, but not every financial institution, particularly a  community bank and a small credit union, should be lumped in with the  larger financial institutions.   To return to my point, even the ordinary act of cashing a paycheck-- something that goes sight unseen for most Americans--is next to  impossible without paying high fees at the convenience store, a pawn  shop, or a payday lender. Because of the shrinkage in the banking  community in Louisiana, every day, ordinary Louisianians are being told  to participate in the economy, manage their finances, save for their  kids' future, and plan for their retirements when, thanks to Dodd-Frank  and its overregulation of medium-sized and community banks and credit  unions, too many Louisianians don't even have a bank branch in their  community.   I think it is time to swing the pendulum back toward simple, sensible  regulations. We have legislation that will be on the floor this week in  the Senate that will do that. It is called the Economic Growth,  Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. I call it the Dodd- Frank fix bill or the Dodd-Frank reform bill. It doesn't destroy Dodd- Frank. It doesn't eliminate it entirely. It just brings some common  sense to the legislation. I think it is a vital step in the right  direction. Dodd-Frank, to some extent, particularly for medium-sized  and smaller financial institutions, was like using a sledgehammer to  kill a gnat. All our reform bill does is suggest that we ought to try  using a flyswatter instead of a sledgehammer.   The changes made in our bill will not mean the banks that are given  relief will go unregulated--far from it. They will still be heavily  regulated. They just will not be overly regulated as a result of the  Dodd-Frank bill.   Everybody in America knows that community banks and credit unions,  which I refer to as relationship bankers, played no role--none, zero,  zilch--in the 2008 financial crisis. When former Chair of the Federal  Reserve Yellen testified during her term in office before the Banking  Committee, I asked her point-blank: Chairwoman Yellen, what did the  community banks  [[Page S1349]]  do wrong to contribute to the economic meltdown in 2008, and she  responded: Nothing.   The businesses of these small institutions revolve around lending. I  am talking about community banks and credit unions. They lend to farms,  mom-and-pop businesses, and homeowners. They are not hedge fund  managers. They are not playing the margins. Yet the small banks are the  ones that are suffocating under the weight of Dodd-Frank's 20,000 pages  of regulations. Let me say that again. Dodd-Frank is about a 900-page  bill, and it has 20,000 pages of regulations.   Ultimately, our communities pay the price for the costs that have  been imposed upon small- and medium-sized banks to comply with Dodd- Frank, when these banks did nothing wrong in 2008.   Studies show that when a bank branch shuts its doors, on average, the  number of small business loans made in that community falls by 3  percent, and that has certainly been the case in Louisiana. The experts  say the neighborhoods can take more than 8 years to recover. You  multiply that by 10,000 branches that have closed across this country,  and the figure is breathtaking. It doesn't take an economist to see  that the ultimate cost of Dodd-Frank on our communities in Louisiana,  in Texas, and elsewhere has been job losses and economic decline.   Fortunately, I think we can start to see a light at the end of the  tunnel--at least if our Dodd-Frank reform bill passes. Dodd-Frank, as  you know, said that all banks are created with equal risks and should  be subject to the same regulations. From the largest bank to the  smallest bank, they all create equal risk for the American financial  system, and they should be subject to the same regulations. Whoever  came up with that rule must have parachuted in from another planet.   I am cosponsoring the Dodd-Frank reform bill because I believe an  international bank--and I think common sense tells us this--with $50  billion in assets poses a different risk to our economy than a  community bank in Bossier City with 30 employees. The Dodd-Frank reform  bill acknowledges that banks come in all different shapes and sizes and  purposes, and it treats them accordingly.   We have had 8 years under Dodd-Frank to see what this level of  government regulation means for our economy, and it is time to find  some balance. Dodd-Frank's purpose was to prevent another financial  crisis. Yet, in practice, banks across this country are now able to  offer fewer products, fewer services, and fewer loans at much, much  higher prices as a result of overregulation by Dodd-Frank. If we want  to get our economy back on track for working and middle-class  Americans, it has to stop.   I have been working closely with my colleague Senator Schatz on a  bipartisan amendment to our Dodd-Frank reform legislation to protect  consumers. Americans shouldn't have to spend months fighting to correct  inaccurate information on their credit report when they didn't consent  to have it collected in the first place. They shouldn't be penalized  because a credit reporting agency, such as Equifax, can't keep their  data safe.   Our proposal would require that the Big Three credit reporting  agencies work together to create an online portal that gives consumers  access to their credit reports and their credit scores. This website  would allow folks to see what information has been collected about  them, see who has viewed their credit report and why, and opt out of  having their information packaged and sold to third parties. It would  make it simple for people to dispute inaccuracies on their credit  reports. In short, it would give consumers control over their financial  information once again.   I respectfully urge my colleagues in the Senate to support this  necessary amendment.   To conclude, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer  Protection Act--the Dodd-Frank reform bill that I have been talking  about--will help promote stability in our financial markets. It will  protect American consumers, and it will give breathing room to some of  our smaller banks and to our credit unions. It will ensure that  consumers and small businesses continue to have access to mortgage  credit and to capital. I respectfully submit that it will help ensure  that our relationship bankers--95 percent of the bankers in America,  the ones on whose back this country was built--can afford to keep their  doors open and continue lending to the middle-class drivers of our  economy.   Thank you.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   