 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Castro for his great  leadership on this issue.   I want to take a moment to talk about the story of Mariana Castro.  Mariana is going to be interning for us this year, and she is an  ambitious young DREAMer from Florida.   In 2005, Mariana left Lima, Peru, at the age of 10 with her mother,  leaving her father and brothers behind for a safer life.   She was in the high school IB program. Not until the 10th grade did  she realize that regardless of her excellent grades and involvement in  hundreds of hours of community service, her undocumented status would  be a hurdle to pursuing higher education.    A few months before graduation, DACA--Deferred Action for Childhood  Arrivals--was a miracle. She would now be able to provide for her  family, drive, and no longer live in the shadows.   Mariana enrolled in the University of Florida, but faced severe  financial difficulties due to her status. As her only way to higher  education, she temporarily paused her education and fought for tuition  equity in the State of Florida. I had the honor of having a role in  that, having been in the Florida Senate at the time when we passed  instate tuition along with a bill that I had that admitted DREAMers  into The Florida Bar. This would spark her passion for social justice.   Throughout her time at UF, she utilized her voice to speak for  immigrant rights and human rights by taking several leadership  positions within Chispas, the only student-led immigrant advocacy  organization at UF.   She has helped start programs that provide training for professional  staff under student affairs about relevant immigration laws that affect  students as well.   She has helped raise thousands of dollars for Out of the Shadows, a  scholarship specifically for undocumented students in Florida that she  oversaw for 3 years.   She spent a semester working for the Florida Senate and has also  worked as a Know Your Rights trainer for the Florida Immigrant  Coalition, where she was able to educate the immigrant community about  their rights in the United States through mobile consulates.   Due to her status, she is unable to qualify for loans and only  qualifies to be eligible for a very limited amount of scholarships.  Mariana has been paying for her education out of pocket, working 20 to  30 hours during school and 50-plus hours during school breaks.   Her only close relative in the States, her mother, has been  undergoing difficult medical procedures, including treatment for human  papillomavirus  [[Page H460]]  and, most recently, severe glaucoma, making her unable to support her  daughter.   After graduation, she hopes to attend law school to continue her  fight for immigrant families across the Nation. But if the DACA program  doesn't exist, if DREAMers aren't given their rights, then she will  never be able to practice law under Florida law.   I am proud to announce that Mariana will be completing a  congressional internship in my office this semester.   In Florida, we have 92,000 individuals who would be eligible for  DACA, 92,000 DREAMers, and I have met so many of them. They are  ambitious. They are attending college. They are starting small  businesses. They are joining our military. They are the very best of  what this Nation has to offer. Their struggles have shaped them. Their  obstacles have made them better, sharper, and hungrier for it.   We need to encourage these new American DREAMers, much like so many  generations before them, in fact, the generations of ancestors of so  many who occupy the seats in this Chamber. The time for action is now.   We want to have a clean Dream Act. That is our priority. But at the  very least, rather than talk about shutdowns, let's talk about  solutions.   There is a bill in the Senate. It is not perfect. There are things in  there that I really don't like at all and that I know a lot of the  members on the Congressional Hispanic Caucus don't like--in the Graham  bill, along with Senator Durbin--but it is a compromise and it is a  start.   I challenge for them to put it on the floor, have a vote, and send it  over to the House. And then I challenge Speaker Ryan to put this bill,  whatever comes over from the Senate, on the floor. Let's put together  amendments. Let's take the very best of our debate, of our ideas in  this august Chamber, and let's put forward a product that deals with  DREAMers, that deals with TPS, that deals with border security, and  let's put it on the desk of the President. Let's dare the President not  to sign something that could be the embodiment of a generational  opportunity to resolve so many issues that are so important to both  parties.   Mr. Speaker, let us not talk about shutdowns. Let us talk about  solutions. I am honored to be here today with Congressman Castro to do  just that.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for giving me that  opportunity.   Florida has every color in the rainbow, every religion, every  background. Where you have Mickey Mouse, you tend to have a lot of  folks around the world who are familiar with Orlando. So we have  Haitians who are DREAMers. We have Peruvians who are DREAMers. We have  folks from Vietnam and from Laos who are DREAMers. We have folks from  every continent other than Antarctica.   I want to make this point: the law makes all the difference in these  statuses.   I am of Puerto Rican descent. My father was born on the island, so,  therefore, he is a citizen by a statute. We have a large Puerto Rican  population, where most of my constituents who are from the island are  only citizens because of an act passed over 100 years ago.   We also have a huge amount of Cuban Americans. Because of wet foot,  dry foot policy, and because they were escaping tyranny, they are  citizens.   So a law makes all the difference, and we know that for a fact and we  live it every day in Florida, and that is what these kids need. The law  needs to be on their side because it is the right thing to do. A law  makes all the difference in these families' stories and these kids'  opportunities.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman again for giving me this  opportunity.   