 Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be here for the second time  in as many days to discuss a bill from Mr. Tipton, my friend and our  colleague from Colorado. I commend his dedication to find ways to bring  more credit options to more Americans. This bill is no exception to  that, and I thank him for sponsoring it.   This Nation is founded on the idea that those who enforce the law are  not those who ultimately judge those laws.   This idea of due process is something all Americans respect and we  enjoy, but in the case of financial institutions, there has been a  noted lack of such process during appeals. If a bank or credit union  today is assessed a postinspection penalty that they feel is based on  inaccurate or incomplete information, the only recourse is back to the  regulator that performed the inspection in the first place. Such an  argument turns the concept of proper process upside down.   At the very least, I think we would all agree with a number of my  colleagues who have noted that the judge, the jury, and the executioner  should be separate. There has to be a better way.   This bill provides that better way by giving these institutions a new  recourse so they can be assured of fair treatment. We all know this  could be an expensive and time-consuming process for a bank or credit  union, which is all the more reason to provide fair treatment. Smaller  banks and credit unions that go through this appeal process are  possibly running the risk of losing an appeal that will severely limit  their ability to offer credit.  [[Page H1633]]    For that reason, a newer, fairer process will help all Americans by  increasing access to credit. I am not pulling that idea out of thin  air. The National Bankers Association, which represents minority  bankers, supports the legislation. That should tell us how this bill  will benefit every American who relies on the financial services and on  credit.   Finally, Mr. Tipton's bill does not change the fact that some banks  and credit unions will lose their appeals. No one is saying that bad  actors should go unpunished. The point of the bill, however, is to make  that process as fair as possible. By consolidating the appeals process  into one office that is separate from the four main banking regulators,  that fairness can be achieved.   Again, Mr. Speaker, this bill not only supports the concept of due  process, but it will also expand credit opportunities for all  Americans.   I again commend the bill and the author, and I urge my colleagues to  vote in favor.   