 Mr. President, our job in this body, in public service, is  to fight for the people we serve. If you are taking a government  salary, your job is to fight for the people who make this country work.   Wall Street, the big banks, and corporate special interests have  their own army of lobbyists that go in and out of the majority leader's  office. They are at their beck and call.   Our job is to fight for everyday Americans. That is why we created  the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. The Bureau's job is to crack  down on Wall Street predators and people who cheat the system and shady  lenders who prey on hard-working families.   The people in this town may have collective amnesia about what  happened a decade ago. They may have forgotten the financial crisis.  They may have forgotten the housing crisis, but families who lost their  homes, lost their retirement savings, lost their jobs, and lost their  college funds haven't forgotten.   My wife and I live in Cleveland, OH, in ZIP Code 44105. My ZIP Code,  a decade ago, in the first half of that year, had more foreclosures  than any ZIP Code in the United States of America. I see every day the  blight and the damage that the foreclosure crisis brought to us, mostly  by Wall Street.   The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is supposed to look out for  danger before it crashes down on these hard-working families and robs  them of their homes, jobs, and savings. The first 6 years on the job,  that is what public servants at the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau did. They returned $12 billion to 29 million Americans who had  been scammed, cheated, and ripped off.   The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau follows in this country's  proud tradition of progressive achievements: workers safety laws,  overtime protections, collective bargaining rights, Social Security,  Medicare, safe drinking water laws--all of those things that helped our  country grow, that helped build a middle class, that helped to enhance  people's quality of life.   Over the last year, Mick Mulvaney turned an agency meant to stand on  the side of the American people into yet another outlet for the  financial industry to push its agenda. The same people who line up  outside the majority leader's office down the hall and the same  lobbyists line up at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and push  that same Wall Street agenda.   Mick Mulvaney said to the workers and servicemembers who are served  by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, to students and seniors  who are served by the Bureau: You are on your own now. Don't expect any  protection from us.   It is not just an attack on consumers. It is the Americans who work  hard, whether they swipe a badge or punch a clock, whether they work  for salary, whether they work for tips, whether they are raising  children or taking care of an aging parent. Americans work  [[Page S7212]]  hard to earn a paycheck, buy a home, send their kids to college, and  save for retirement. Every day they find themselves under attack from  scam debt collectors and predatory payday lenders, or they see their  pensions being raided by hedge fund billionaires.   When we let financial predators strip away at the people in ZIP Code  44105--strip away Americans' hard-earned dollars through fees and  scams--we undermine that dignity of work, undermine the dignity people  should have when they retire, and undermine the dignity of work that  makes this country great.   How do you look Americans in the eye who are working that second or  third shift or starting a small business if their government is going  to stand by and line up with criminals who fleece people, line up with  Wall Street, line up with shady lenders?   It comes down to whose side you are on.   We know that Mick Mulvaney, who has been running the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau--sort of moonlighting because he has  another Federal job--has been on the side of Wall Street.   Now we have to ask ourselves about the nominee for this job, Kathy  Kraninger: Whose side has she been on?   We tried to get answers from Ms. Kraninger. In her job at the Office  and Management Budget, she oversaw the agencies that ripped children  from their parents at the border. She was involved in that.   We asked Ms. Kraninger to show us what her role was in that policy.  She didn't defend it. She just refused to respond. She came in front of  the committee. She wanted this nomination. She wanted to be confirmed.  She wanted this promotion, and she would not even answer questions. She  wouldn't respond to letters about her involvement.   We asked Ms. Kraninger whose side she was on after a devastating  hurricane left millions of American citizens--American citizens, don't  forget--in Puerto Rico without power, without water, without hospital,  without shelter. We asked her to show us who she was fighting for when  the government failed to find relief. She didn't deny anything. She  refused to answer.   She wants a promotion. She wants this job. She refused to answer  questions that we asked, that Senator Whitehouse or I or others asked  on behalf of the American people.   Then we asked whose side she would be on if she were head of the  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Would she be on the side of all  the lobbyists that lined up outside Majority Leader McConnell's office  or on the side of those who have been harmed? Would she be on Mick  Mulvaney's side or fight for workers and servicemembers and students  and seniors? It is one of the questions she did answer.   She said: ``I cannot identify any actions that Acting Director  Mulvaney has taken with which I disagree.''   We know exactly whose side Ms. Kraninger will be on. She is with Mick  Mulvaney, which means she is with Wall Street, with the payday lenders,  with the shady special interests. She is not on the side of millions of  Americans--the 29 million Americans who have saved $12 billion because  the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau existed. She is not on their  side. She is not on the side of her neighbors and my neighbors--her  neighbors in her home State and in my home State of Ohio who lost their  homes, their jobs, and their retirement savings to Wall Street greed.   She is not on the side of people who work for a living. She is on the  side of big corporations like GM, which is shutting down its operations  in Lordstown, presumably, costing 5,000 people their jobs, and moving  some of those jobs overseas. She is on their side.   She has no experience in banking, finance, or consumer protection.  Her one and only qualification is that she will be a rubberstamp for  special interests.   I call on everybody in this body--I call on the President: Let's find  somebody who will take this job seriously, who will fight for the  people who make this country work.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   