 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, I come to floor, once again, to raise  concerns about the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme  Court. I think these concerns permeate every aspect of the nomination  process and the nominee himself.   When Judge Kavanaugh's name came forward because of the nomination by  President Trump, he came from a list of 25 names. These names were  assembled by the White House in consultation with--the record  indicates--just two groups: the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist  Society. Both are far-right organizations that have a view of public  policy that on most issues I don't agree with, but I think that is true  of most Pennsylvanians. I can't speak for the whole country, but I  would be willing to guess many people around the country are not in  agreement.   The Heritage Foundation, for example, has called labor unions  cartels. That is one view they seem to have about labor unions.   I come from a State where we have a proud labor history, where people  literally bled and died for the right to organize, whether it was the  Homestead strike in Southwestern Pennsylvania back at the turn of the  previous century or whether it was the Lattimer massacre in  Northeastern Pennsylvania or whether it was the strike by anthracite  miners in the early 1900s in my home area, the region where I live in  Northeastern Pennsylvania. These fights for the right to organize, the  right to bargain collectively for wages and benefits were not just  hard-won, but they represented the values of the people of  Pennsylvania.   When I consider that history and consider the attacks that organized  labor is currently undergoing--the Janus case by this Supreme Court is  one example and I am afraid will be one in a series of cases that will  be decided against the interests of working men and women--I am  especially concerned about any nomination to the Supreme Court on those  and other issues but, maybe, especially the nomination of Judge  Kavanaugh.   I think even someone who would disagree with me on my views of  organized labor or my views on his record would agree that it is highly  unlikely, if not impossible, that we would have an American middle  class without organized labor, without all of that work, all of the  sacrifice that was undertaken to achieve the right to organize. That  right is threatened now, and I think this nomination is one of the  threats to that basic right.   It should come as no surprise that this nominee has sprung from that  same process that I mentioned earlier. I believe this list that has now  been put on the table--in other words, no one could be nominated to the  Supreme Court by this administration unless you are on that list of 25  that was chosen by those two groups, the Heritage Foundation and the  Federalist Society. If you are a conservative, if you are seen as a  conservative judge, a Federal court judge either in the district court  or appellate court or maybe a State supreme court justice where we have  had some members of the U.S. Supreme Court have their start--if you are  not on that list of 25, if you are one of the hundreds of judges  appointed by Republican Presidents, you need not apply because you  don't have any chance of getting on the Supreme Court if you are not on  that favored list of 25.   I think we can reach--and I think the administration could and should  reach--a lot further than just a list of 25 that represent a very  narrow view of justice, a narrow view of jurisprudence, and certainly a  troubling view of the rights of working men and women, just by way of  example.   On the District of Columbia Circuit, Judge Kavanaugh has frequently  dissented from his colleagues in cases involving workers' rights,  discrimination, and retaliation, at times going out of his way to argue  that the interests of corporations should override the interests of  individual workers.   I serve on the Special Committee on Aging, where I happen to be  serving as a ranking member in this Congress, along with Chairman Susan  Collins, and I am especially astounded at some of Judge Kavanaugh's  opinions relating to both older Americans and people with disabilities.  Just by way of example, he dissented in two cases that  [[Page S6426]]  upheld the Affordable Care Act, which is essential to ensuring  healthcare for over 130 million Americans with preexisting conditions.   Right now, the courts are considering whether people with preexisting  conditions should continue to be protected from being charged more,  being denied coverage, or being dropped from their insurance simply  because of their insurance status. The Supreme Court might be the last  line of defense in maintaining these protections for people with  preexisting conditions, and Judge Kavanaugh could be that deciding  vote.   In two cases, Judge Kavanaugh disagreed with rulings upholding-- upholding--the Affordable Care Act. A former law clerk for Judge  Kavanaugh said it best when she spoke about his views of the Affordable  Care Act. She said: ``No other contender on President Trump's list is  on record so vigorously criticizing the law''--``the law'' meaning the  Affordable Care Act.   Also, in notable cases, Judge Kavanaugh sided with employers over  employees with disabilities, making it more difficult for employees to  prove discrimination in court and have their rights protected under  law. In one dissent, he took a narrow view of the Age Discrimination in  Employment Act, also known as the ADEA, which has protected the rights  of older workers for decades, and Judge Kavanaugh wrote that he did not  believe it applied to certain Federal employees.   Perhaps most egregiously, in Doe v. DC, Judge Kavanaugh determined  that three women with intellectual disabilities could be forced to  undergo elective surgery, allowing the government to make medical  decisions on their behalf without ever attempting to determine their  wishes.   I could go on to a whole other line of cases--or maybe not lines of  cases but commentaries he has made on Executive power, but we don't  have time today. That issue is of great concern because of what we are  confronted with, where we have an investigation underway by Robert  Mueller that involves the executive branch. Of course, a deciding vote  on the Supreme Court on any issue is significant, but maybe because of  the current posture--or the current circumstances we are in--Judge  Kavanaugh's views on Executive power are a whole series of other  concerns we have.    These disturbing views are apparent not just from his decisions and  his writings but of course from the public record. What other positions  did Judge Kavanaugh take before he was on the bench? What views are set  forth, for example, in the record from the time he spent as White House  Staff Secretary and in the White House Counsel's Office? We have to ask  that question. We don't have his full record from his tenure working in  the administration of President George W. Bush. Why don't we have  access to those records? We have to ask that question. Why don't we  have access to that basic information?   We don't have these records because Republicans in the Senate have  been rushing to jam this nomination through before the midterm  elections. They have broken norms and deprived the Senate of critical  background documents to get Judge Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court bench  before November.   Instead of following precedent and waiting for the nonpartisan  National Archives to review and release Judge Kavanaugh's full record,  they have rushed to hold hearings and a committee vote before we even  have the information all Senators are entitled to before voting on a  lifetime appointment.   Let me move to what happened last week. Last Thursday, the Nation  watched as Dr. Christine Blasey Ford shared with the Senate Judiciary  Committee the horrible details of a sexual assault she experienced as a  15-year-old: the terror she felt in that moment, the horror of the  physical assault, and the psychological trauma of believing she might,  in fact, die. We heard her describe how two teenage boys, under the  influence of alcohol, pushed her into a bedroom, locked the door,  turned up the music, and how one of the boys pinned her to the bed and  covered her mouth to muffle her screams; how she escaped and heard them  drunkenly ``pinballing'' down the staircase. We also heard how her  clearest memory from that assault was the boys' laughter while it was  underway.   Dr. Ford said she was ``terrified'' as she appeared before the  Judiciary Committee to recount these traumatic events, but she decided  to do so because she believed it was her ``civic duty'' to tell the  public what she had experienced. She was open with the committee and  consistent in her account and was ``100 percent'' certain that it was  Brett Kavanaugh who had assaulted her.   When I watched her testimony from beginning to end, the conclusion I  reached was that she was both credible and persuasive. I believed her,  and I think a lot of Americans did as well; maybe more than half of  Americans believed her, but I know I did.   I also believe Judge Kavanaugh's response that same day, on Thursday,  to these credible allegations has cast even greater doubt on his  credibility. It also cast doubt on his temperament and his ability to  serve as an impartial jurist. I think anyone, even a supporter of Judge  Kavanaugh's nomination, could have been troubled by his demeanor, and I  will use the word ``temperament'' again, when he came before the  committee.   After Dr. Ford presented her moving testimony, Judge Kavanaugh  responded with explosive anger and partisan attacks on virtually all  Democrats. I was surprised he did that. No one would begrudge him the  opportunity and the necessity, if he felt it were necessary, to deny  these allegations aggressively. No one would deny him of that, but to  question the motives of virtually every Democrat--at least every  Democrat on the committee--and to assert some kind of broad, partisan  conspiracy, I think was over the top and is not consistent with the  demeanor anyone would expect from any judge at any level but especially  someone who might be the fifth vote on the most powerful Court in the  country and arguably the most powerful Court in the world. I think most  people, for or against Judge Kavanaugh, would conclude that his  demeanor that day was not demeanor that was consistent with that high  position he was seeking.   Another troubling aspect of his testimony that day--and I was rather  surprised by this--is when he was asked about an FBI investigation,  whether he would support additional investigative work by the FBI,  simply to update the background check or to complete the background  check, instead of requesting a full and open FBI investigation that  would show he had nothing to hide, he dodged questions and  misrepresented the testimony of key witnesses.   There is an old inscription on a building where I used to work in  Harrisburg, our State capital, the Finance Building, which reads very  simply: ``Open to every inspection, secure from every suspicion.'' In  this case, if Judge Kavanaugh were open to that inspection or, in this  case, that investigation or a continuing investigation or background  check, I think a lot of people would have accorded him more credibility  or more confidence in what he was saying--if he said, please, complete  the background check and have the FBI take a look at all of these  questions--but he kept saying it was not his call. That may be  technically true, but I was hoping he would support the investigation.  If Judge Kavanaugh has done nothing wrong, as he and the White House  and Senate Republicans claim, he should have welcomed a full, open, and  independent investigation into these claims against him or any other  matter that is relevant.   I am glad the FBI is finally conducting an investigation, although I  am concerned about reports that the White House may be limiting the  investigation and directing its scope. The FBI must be allowed to  question all relevant individuals and follow the facts where they lead.  The FBI is the best in the world, and I have great confidence they will  do good work. They shouldn't be constrained in this very limited period  of time, this 1 week they are investigating. I hope--and I don't know  the answer to this, but I hope what the President said yesterday; that  he and his administration are not constraining the FBI, and I am  paraphrasing, not using exact words--that is the policy the  administration transmitted directly to the FBI. I hope there is no  variance or difference between what the President said and what his  [[Page S6427]]  administration is indicating directly to the FBI. I don't know, but I  hope there is a consistency there.   I wish to wrap up because I know we have to do that. The Supreme  Court decides, as so many Americans understand, cases of monumental  importance to our Nation. These cases will impact the day-to-day lives  of Americans for decades, if not generations, and many questions will  be decided by the Supreme Court. Let me just list a few: the American  people's ability to access affordable healthcare, for example; their  opportunity to work in an environment free from discrimination; their  ability to access the justice system and have their day in court, often  against powerful corporate interests; and, as I said at the outset, the  basic rights of working men and women, including the right to organize  and the right to bargain collectively. I hope that when Members of the  Senate are making a determination about this nomination, they will take  those interests and those concerns into their deliberations.   I yield the floor.   