 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, our country is currently experiencing an epidemic of  opioid-related overdoses and fatalities. My community and my State of  Massachusetts are not strangers to the heartbreak and devastation that  we recognize on this occasion.   There is a lot we can and should be doing about the opioid epidemic,  and I am eager to work with my colleagues here in the House on  comprehensive and effective solutions. For today, the bill we are to  consider is a good start.   The Synthetics Trafficking and Overdose Prevention, or STOP, Act of  2018 shores up the ability of U.S. Customs to target and thwart  shipments of synthetic opioids like fentanyl into the United States  through the mail. It requires the U.S. Postal Service to collect  important information about the contents and senders of packages from  foreign postal services.   I supported the earlier edition of this bill that was introduced in  2017 because I recognized the enormity of the devastation we face with  opioids. I know that there were serious concerns with the earlier  version of the bill, especially with respect to the severity of the  penalties it imposed on the Postal Service. I am glad that the STOP Act  that we are considering today makes important improvements to that  original bill and to those penalties and provisions.   Let me especially express my appreciation for Ways and Means Trade  Subcommittee Ranking Member Bill Pascrell, who has worked together with  the Democrats on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, the  Senate, and the majority, obviously, to make improvements.   I understand there were some continued concerns with the bill, and we  certainly want to continue to work with interested parties to address  those concerns.   Given the urgency of the epidemic at hand, I am glad that we are able  to support what is in front of us today, which I believe is a strong  and achievable measure in this legislation to at least address part of  the opioid epidemic.   Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Pascrell), and I ask unanimous consent that he may control  that time.   