 Madam President, I rise today to comment on something  that is somewhat misunderstood in many parts of our country, and that  is the farm bill.   I have the privilege to sit in a seat of the U.S. Senate once held by  Saxby Chambliss, a former chairman of this Agriculture Committee. I am  fortunate to be from a State where agriculture is our largest industry.  I am fortunate to sit on this committee, and we have just heard from  two people, two leaders, the ranking member, Senator Stabenow from  Michigan, who is my good friend, and my good friend Senator Pat  Roberts, the chairman. This is a bipartisan committee.   People sent me up here 3 years ago. They said: Look, we need you to  go there and get something done. I said: OK, fine.   We know we have two opposing views in Washington, so that means you  are going to have to compromise. I made the comment that no one gets  everything they want. I remind people, anyone, that I am married; I  mean, this is something that is the American way. I come from the  American business community. I can tell you that nobody gets 100  percent of everything they want in any deal. That is what we are  talking about today.   This is a bill that moves this agenda forward. It provides  certainty--and that is what this is about--for our agriculture  industry. It is not about subsidies. It is not about protection. It is  about certainty. It is about protecting a strategic industry in our  country. I want to make that point upfront. This is very definitely a  strategic industry.   The United States today enjoys a God-given position in the world. We  are one of the three major bread baskets in the world. The world needs  us to be successful in our agricultural industry.   There are hungry people in the world whom we can feed in our capacity  here in the United States. Our productivity in many of our commodities  has gone up in my lifetime dramatically.   I grew up working on a farm, and I can tell you, I know we produce a  lot more corn per acre today than we did when I was 6 years old. This  is an amazing productivity story, and the rest of the world needs that  today.   A big reason our State continues to be the best State in the country  is that we understand this. We have a port that we can export from. We  have God-given land and water and God-given people who understand how  to work that land with that given water, and we produce great products  not only for our country but for the world.   For the last year and a half, we have been working on this farm bill,  and all the members of that committee, myself included, have gone all  over the country, listening to farmers and ranchers around the country.  I have been all over my State talking to our farmers and ranchers about  what is important to them.   I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for providing the  framework, really, for this particular farm bill. This is, indeed, a  strategic industry. It must survive, and it is different.   Getting to a farm bill that balances the needs of every commodity and  every region is not an easy task. This  [[Page S4694]]  is not a partisan problem. It is not even a regional problem. This is  the United States trying to make the best use of our God-given  blessings. I am happy to say that this year's farm bill does that.   Over the last year, we have all traveled around and heard what has  been said. One thing is very clear; this farm bill is indeed a jobs  bill. Getting it across the finish line today, hopefully, is simply a  must for rural communities in Georgia and around the country.   We have worked on this in a bipartisan fashion. I am proud to say to  the people back home that this is a compromise they wanted us to come  up here and achieve, and it does exactly what we wanted. It achieves  the objective of providing certainty for an agricultural industry that  is indeed a strategic asset in the United States.   We have kept programs in place that have helped farmers in Georgia  and around the country weather the low commodity market we have seen in  the last couple of years. The chairman just mentioned that there are  some entities and commodities that are at historic lows.   We have cracked down on fraud within the food stamps program. We have  advanced turf grass and timber research. We have included provisions  important to land grant universities.   This farm bill is not perfect, but as I said, it is a great  compromise that achieves the objective.   One provision that has been eliminated would help ensure that  American textile mills have the tools they need to compete with other  countries, for example. I hope we can find a way to fix that.   However, as I said earlier, growing up and working on the land, I  learned many hard lessons. At an early age, I learned that agriculture  is not just a business; it is a way of life for many people around our  country.   This farm bill is an investment in those people, in our ag industry,  and, indeed, in our country. It is not just the product that is grown  in the soil; it is the processing, transportation, retail, and, indeed,  the end consumer.   There are things here meant to assist farmers only during tough  times. When we say ``strategic industry,'' we have to be responsible  for the survival and the transferal of the industry from generation to  generation.   Madam President, as you well know, in your home State, as in mine,  most of the agricultural production in the country comes from family  farms. President Trump is working to renegotiate trade deals with other  countries and create a level playing field with the rest of the world.  This is absolutely critical.   I have lived in this trade world for most of my career. The President  is trying to get equal access in other markets around the world. I know  this is a tough thing after 50, 60 years of having an imbalanced trade  environment, where the United States served a purpose to develop the  rest of the world. We have to now stand up and provide a balance within  those trade deals.   We have reduced global poverty. Since 1965, when the Great Society  was signed, the United States almost singlehandedly--on the back of our  open market, on the back of our trade deals, and on the back of the our  military, which provided for safe transportation of goods around the  world--has reduced poverty by more than 60 percent. I have seen that  happen in my career, in my lifetime.   Unfortunately, in the United States, the poverty rate today is  basically the same as it was in the midsixties. That is not a partisan  comment. We all bear responsibility for that.   What this President is trying to do is say: Hey, wait a minute.  Something is out of balance. Our ag community has been harmed by that.  What we are trying to do is create a level playing field, and this farm  bill supports that.   Over the long term, this bill will bring certainty to the American  agricultural community. The last things family farms need from  Washington today are more burdens, more regulations, and more  intrusion. All of that takes away from the certainty and the planning  it takes to manage a family farm.   Some people are planting a plant that will not mature for 20 years,  in some cases. Some of these men and women in these families are  putting product in the ground that they will not benefit from, that  their heirs will benefit from. They will have to harvest it after they  are dead, in many cases.   People say: Well, we need to take care of the land. Well, absolutely.  Do you know that the best husbands of the land and the water and the  air around the world, in my experience, have been farmers? There is a  very simple reason why. If they don't take care take of their God-given  blessings in the land, in the water, and in the air, and if they don't  produce what they need, they surely can't hand it down to the next  generation.   Farms across our country have considerable differences, based on  things from region, to crops, to climate conditions. Given these  differences, one-size-fits-all measurements clearly don't work. A farm  in Iowa is different from a farm in Georgia, in many cases.   As I have said, this farm bill is not perfect. It is unfortunate that  there is now an amendment on this farm bill that would measure  appropriate and significant contributions to the family farm by  applying a single manual labor threshold for farms across the country,  and I think this is just wrong. The opportunity to qualify as an active  contributor--and I put that in quotes, ``active contributor''--to the  farm through management, bookkeeping, and other activities is important  because it recognizes the contributions of all family members and  individuals who actually participate in farming operations. I can tell  my colleagues from personal experience that if it were not for my  aunts, my cousins, my uncles, our farms would not have been successful.  I have lived it. I know the difference that we are talking about here  from region to region.    If the full scope of active participants in the farm is not taken  into consideration, a bank may be reluctant to actually finance the  operation. I have lived that.   The point is this: Even if an individual never drives a tractor,  never plows a field, never milks a cow, he or she can still provide an  important contribution to the vitality of the farm operation. It is a  business, after all. Businesses have marketing, they have finance, they  have sales, they have operations, and they have planning. Management  contributions are as important as manual labor in this industry, just  like it is in every other industry.   Amendments like this will lead to burdensome recordkeeping for family  farms and could indeed put in jeopardy the ability to transfer that  farm to the next generation.   President Trump has promised to roll back overreaching regulations  and look out for rural America. Since he took office, over 870  regulations have been reversed, bringing relief to family farms and  rural Americans. With this farm bill, the Trump administration and the  U.S. Senate Agriculture Committee have prioritized rolling back those  overreaches. These should be our shared interests because it is good  for our entire country and our economy.   Between now and when this farm bill reaches President Trump's desk, I  hope this problem with the bill gets fixed, and there are ways to do  that.   As I said, while the current farm bill is not perfect, I am proud to  stand today and encourage every Member of this body to support it and  vote for it. It does provide certainty in a very uncertain world for  our agriculture community and the families who are the backbone of that  industry.   I am delighted to be a member of this committee. I take that honor  very seriously. The legacy, as I mentioned to begin with, coming in  behind an esteemed Senator, Saxby Chambliss as chairman--I take this  responsibility very seriously.   I want to commend the chairman and ranking member for pulling  together this farm bill, and I hope to see it come to a vote, hopefully  today.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   