 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Tennessee,  as well as leaders on both sides. This effort has been truly  bipartisan. It is a profoundly significant beginning but only a first  step. It needs to be followed by others because we know that this  epidemic truly is national.   I especially thank my colleague from West Virginia who will follow  me, Senator Manchin, for his tireless, relentless efforts on this  issue. I have been very proud to work with him and to begin working on  it when I was attorney general of the State of Connecticut in suing the  painkiller manufacturers and taking action against the sellers of  prescription opioids, to make sure they are held accountable.   The communities need our help. We promised action, and we are now  delivering, in part, on this issue, which has been so devastating and  deadly for so many families, communities, States, and towns throughout  Connecticut and our Nation.   The calls for action tonight are answered in this beginning step with  money that will go to treatment, prevention, and law enforcement. That  money is a good first step, but it must be followed by additional  investments and commitment.   This measure increases the number of drug take-back programs. I  visited communities, most recently East Hartford in Greenwich, where  these take-back programs have provided an anonymous, secure way to rid  medicine cabinets of drugs that all too often can be a menace. Medicine  cabinets are a modern-day menace when they provide accessible  painkillers and opioids to teenagers, children, and others who begin  lifetimes of addiction.   This measure is profoundly important in setting standards and  guidelines for sober houses, a very important resource but one that  requires some sense of regularity and guidelines. There are many sober  homes in Connecticut--for example, in Torrington--that do good work.  But Connecticut is grappling with sober homes operated by bad actors  who put lives at risk. This prevention is a step in the right  direction.   I am very proud of a bill I have led with Senators Grassley and Brown  to enhance transparency in opioid prescribing. This provision requires  drug companies to disclose payments made to nurse practitioners,  physician assistants, and other prescribers, ensuring that they are not  being inappropriately influenced by these manufacturers. It is already  required for doctors. It ought to be required for everyone who may be  involved in prescribing these powerful medicines.   The bill will also fight back against deadly drug trafficking when it  involves use of the postal system. Just a few weeks ago, in New Haven,  there was a mass overdose caused by trafficked synthetic drugs. More  than 100 people overdosed on K2 brought into this country by China and  Mexico through the mail. These new law enforcement tools are critically  important, as is the reauthorization of the Office of National Drug  Control Policy and its High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program.  This bill will help protect our citizens. I thank all my colleagues for  supporting it.   I am looking forward to a positive, affirmative vote that will help  communities throughout the country and spare families the heartbreaking  and gut-wrenching problem that infects so many healthy communities.  Everyone is affected and touched by this problem. I thank my colleagues  for supporting this bill.   