 Madam President, before the chairman leaves the Chamber,  I wish to thank him for his leadership as chairman of the Judiciary  Committee. He has done an extraordinary job of bringing people together  to really come up with a solution to this problem.   This is a problem that has existed for years--almost two decades. The  first DREAM Act was filed in 2001, I believe. It has been some 16  years, and they have failed to produce a result. Now, think that  through. That was through President Bush, and it was through President  Obama. It was actually at a time when, in 2009, not a single Republican  vote would have been necessary to pass the DREAM Act. Yet my colleagues  on the other side of the aisle could not produce a result. So we know  we need to do something different.   There are things in the Dream Act that we need to file and put into a  bill. In fact, it was instructed into a bill that I and Senator  Lankford and Senator Hatch filed called the SUCCEED Act. It is a way to  provide certainty for the DACA population, but it also needs to be  paired up with reasonable border security provisions so that we get the  broad base of support we need for enduring policy here.   There are some people who are talking about withdrawing from  negotiations and trying to threaten a government shutdown to get  something slammed into a year-end spending bill. But if you really care  about the long-term certainty that we want to provide these young  people who qualified under the DACA Program, the last thing you should  do is to play politics and get something half baked into a provision  that will always be a target of the next year-end spending bill. Why  don't we do something crazy and actually sit down, check our Members on  the Republican side and the Democratic side who have extreme views on  this issue at the door, and solve the problem.   I have taken a lot of criticism after filing the SUCCEED Act because  I had a lot of people who said that I was soft on immigration. Well, I  respectfully disagree with some of my friends who are themselves  Republicans and conservatives, because I don't think they have it  right. I think that the young men and women who qualify under the DACA  Program, who were brought to this country through the actions of their  parents, through no fault of their own, deserve a respectful,  compassionate, physically sustainable solution, and certainty. I have  been working on it, and I have been taking the criticism ever since I  filed the bill. I even had a congressional district in North Carolina  censure me, saying, ``shame on you,'' for actually coming up with  something that made sense.   One thing that I said, though, when we filed that bill, is that what  we did in the SUCCEED Act had to be paired with reasonable, sustainable  border security measures and interior enforcement measures--things that  are important if we want to make sure that a decade from now, 15 years  from now we are not back here again worried about a new DACA population  that has come across the borders.   I have had some people insisting that having a secure border is not  compassionate, that it is unfair, but I would actually submit to my  colleagues that not having a secure border is irresponsible. Talking  about not being compassionate, allowing things to occur with an  unsecured border--to me, having a secure border is a hallmark of  compassion. That is a little bit of what I want to talk about. So let's  stipulate to that.   Working with Senator Durbin--and, incidentally, Senator Durbin and I  [[Page S55]]  have been talking about this issue for about a year and a half--I knew  that we were going to be here with the DACA Program and that we needed  to work on it. So I reached out to Senator Durbin and said that I am  willing to try to come up with something that makes sense, but we have  to be willing to accept something different from all of the random  ideas and come with a compromise. We made progress in terms of how to  deal with the DACA population, but some of my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle are unwilling to talk about the reality that we  should also put into place, and pair with what we do for the DACA  population, border security and interior enforcement that makes sense.   Back in February I spent about a week down along the southern border.  I was on patrol boats on the Rio Grande. I was riding horseback in  certain areas of the border. I was out in the interior area where  enforcement actions are taking place every night. I spent a lot of time  down there. One thing that struck me was some of the briefings that we  received from border security. I am going to get to what I consider to  be the most heartbreaking last.   We want to talk about what is going on. We have people come to this  floor--my colleagues on the other side of the aisle--and say: We must  do something to address the opioid epidemic in this country. I agree.  That is why I voted for the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. I  spoke on the floor several times as a first step toward trying to get a  handle on something that is poisoning almost 60,000 people a year-- killing them. They are dying from overdoses in this Nation. The reality  is that the vast majority--and we will get to a slide in a minute--of  those illicit drugs, including heroin and fentanyl and the other kinds  of drugs that are extracted from opium and are killing people, are  coming across the southern border. We simply don't have the resources  at our land ports and in the areas where drug smugglers cross illegally  to stop them. The consequence of that in a State like North Carolina is  that more people are dying from drug overdoses today than are dying  from automobile accidents--about 1,400 a year. It is even worse in a  number of other States.   We were at a land port in Laredo, and they were saying that on any  given day, millions of doses are probably getting through because they  are concealed. They are hidden in trucks. They don't have the capacity  to inspect every vehicle. So they are coming across this border  ostensibly legally--obviously, through the legal process of entry--but  carrying illicit drugs, and we are only capturing a fraction of them. A  part of what we are proposing in this bill is additional resources to  interdict more of those drugs, to make it less likely that somebody  could come across the border by use of a pickup truck or by using  backpacks full of poison that will ultimately get into the blood  streams of people who will ultimately die--many of them, tens of  thousands a year. That is a case--a compassionate case--for border  security.   This is the number that I was talking about earlier: 15,469 deaths in  2016 alone related to heroin. A lot of these are coming across the  border. But only about 1.5 percent of all of the drugs that are  estimated to come across the border are being seized today. How do you  actually increase this seizure rate? You put the resources and  authorities in place so that the Border Patrol and Customs and  immigration resources down on the border can actually find them, and  arrest, charge, convict, and incarcerate the people who are poisoning  the men and women and boys and girls in this country.    There is also another thing, and this is something that when I was  down on the Texas border just stuck with me. I was on a 7,500-acre  ranch, which is really, really small in Texas terms. I was talking with  the ranch owner, who said that over the last 10 years, they had  actually recovered 100 bodies on this ranch alone. If you do the math,  that means they are finding a person who has died trying to come to  this country illegally about every six weeks on this small ranch. Over  the past 20 years, we have had about 10,000 people die crossing the  border, and about 1,000 of them are children.   If we had a secure border, at least we would have the knowledge and  the situational awareness to know where these people are so that they  don't languish somewhere in the middle of nowhere after they cross the  border or after they have paid somebody $1,000, $5,000, or $10,000, in  some cases, to carry them across the border. Then, they leave them.  They take them across the border and then tell them that Houston is  just a few miles away. Well, Houston is an hour-and-a-half plane ride  away from where they cross the border.   So we need border security for the protection of people who are  making the poor decision to come across. If we have a secure border, it  is much less likely that any of them will ever attempt to do it, except  for the legal ones. Then there is the other thing that is happening on  the other side of the border. The 10,000 people who have died over 20  years are those whom we have identified--I am sure there are many more  who we didn't--who were found on U.S. soil after crossing the border.   One other thing I learned when I was down in Texas is about the  criminal actions and the criminal gangs, basically--they call them  plazas and cartels--that basically run every mile of the border. If you  pass through one of those plazas and you don't pay the toll, you are  likely going to die. In one case, there were 72 people who were  murdered because the human smuggler failed to pay the plaza bosses the  so-called toll when he was supposed to get them across the border. So  they ordered the execution of men, women, and children just to send a  message. This is one of the many examples that we have.   So there is no question in my mind that of the 10,000 people who have  died over the last 20 years on American soil, there were probably  thousands or tens of thousands or more who have died in the hopes that  they could get across the border.   If we have a secure border and if we work on our immigration systems,  we can get for those parents and people who want to come to this  country legally an opportunity to get here without harming themselves  or harming their children. If that is not a compassionate case for a  secure border, I don't know what is.   Now we are in the final stages of trying to negotiate a deal, and  Chairman Grassley did a wonderful job of summarizing what we have  proposed as a starting position for negotiation with our colleagues on  the other side of the aisle. I hope they will be willing to come to the  table and negotiate in good faith and recognize that their approach  over the last 16 years has failed. They promised the Dreamers a  solution, and they failed to deliver. They have failed to deliver under  a Republican administration. They have failed to deliver under  President Obama, when they had supermajorities. We are not going to let  them fail this time.   Giving the DACA population certainty, coming up with a solution that  makes sense, getting a border that is secure, making sure that the  poison that is coming across the border and killing tens of thousands  of people a year is reduced, is, in my opinion, the scope that we need  to negotiate to get to an agreement. If we have Senator Durbin, Senator  Bennet, and others who have negotiated portions of the immigration  issue open their eyes to the broader opportunity to come up with a  balanced policy that addresses the concerns on both sides of the aisle,  we can be the Congress and President Trump can be the President who  actually solve this problem and, along the way, make it far less likely  that it will be another problem for another Congress to solve 10 or 15  years from now and that, then, may take 10 or 15 years to solve.   This will have an enduring impact. This will have a compassionate  impact. This will provide certainty to the DACA population. This will  allow me to go home and say: I did something meaningful to secure the  border and protect our Nation. But we have to have people come together  and negotiate in good faith. It needs to start this week, and we need  to continue it until we come to terms.   People need to be willing to compromise and accept something less  than perfect, because everybody's perfect conceptions of what we should  do here have all one thing in common: They have all been resounding  failures. They have been unkept promises.  [[Page S56]]  Along the way, our homeland is not as secure as it can be, and people  are dying in the process. Hard-working people who are eligible for the  DACA Program are uncertain about their future.   So, again, I want to thank Chairman Grassley for his hard work and  his leadership and willingness to engage. I want to thank the  President. I was with the President for an hour and a half last week,  along with Chairman Grassley and others. We are going to be meeting  again in the White House tomorrow. Hopefully, we will be joined by our  Democratic colleagues who have been invited to the meeting, and we will  negotiate something that makes sense.   Now is the time for us to deliver. The empty promises of the past are  insufficient. We need to provide an enduring solution, and an enduring  solution is a fair solution for the DACA population and a responsible  solution for border security. If we do that, I think we will look at  this as something meaningful--something the Presiding Officer and I did  when we came in here in 2015.    We got tax reform. That is meaningful.   We have been promising immigration reform forever. This is not all of  it. We have more work to do. But this is a big first step, and it  requires bipartisanship, compromise, and a genuine commitment to  negotiate.   I hope my Democratic colleagues will take the invitation seriously,  come to the table, negotiate an agreement we can all be proud of, and  we can give the certainty that we should give to the DACA population.   I thank the chairman for the opportunity to speak on this and for his  continued leadership on this issue.   