 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this weekend, Americans around the country  and at, at least, a dozen places in my State of Ohio will hold peaceful  marches in their communities to demand that we in this body--the people  who represent them--actually do something to protect them from gun  violence, not just state that my thoughts and prayers are with the  victims and the families but to actually do something.   That sort of activism is so important to our democracy. Change never  starts in Washington. We make progress because of the grassroots  movements of Americans across our country who demand action. For too  long, Congress has ignored millions of Americans who want reasonable  gun safety measures. Instead, this Congress continues to do the bidding  of the gun lobbyists.   We already see activism making a difference. It is a minor step, but  this week, in the bipartisan budget deal, we will vote to loosen  government regulations that severely limit research on gun safety. It  is an important first step, but we have a long way to go. We can't say  we are doing what it takes to keep our country safe until we are  finally willing to pass commonsense laws that protect all Americans  from gun violence. Many of us have tried.   I supported the original Federal assault weapons ban in 1994 during  my first term in Congress. I joined with many of my colleagues to vote  to  [[Page S1901]]  renew it after the shooting at Sandy Hook. Weapons of war don't belong  on our streets or in our classrooms.   We have tried to pass legislation to close loopholes in our  background check system so the people who buy guns on the internet or  at gun shows have to go through the same background checks as law- abiding gun owners who buy their guns at stores in Ohio.   After the tragedy at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, we tried to pass  legislation to prevent people on the terrorist watch list from buying  guns. People can't believe the law in this country; that if you are on  the government's terrorist watch list, you can't go to the Cleveland  Hopkins International Airport in Cleveland, to the John Glenn Columbus  International Airport in Columbus, or to the Ronald Reagan Washington  National Airport in Washington and get on an airplane, which is the  right thing, but that you can go out and buy a gun.   We know what happened each and every time. The gun lobby stood in the  way. It stands in the way, despite the fact that the laws we are  talking about will not undermine the rules and rights of law-abiding  gun owners. I have always respected the rights of hunters and  collectors and other law-abiding gun owners. No one is trying to take  away their guns. Yet, when our students aren't safe in school, it is  clear something has to be done. We will not give up on making our  country safer. We will keep fighting until we get weapons of war out of  our schools and off our streets.   Creating change in our country is not easy. It requires often going  up against powerful special interests. It is how things happen in this  country. It is how women got the right to vote. It is how we passed  civil rights. It is how we passed workers' compensation. It is how we  passed Medicare. It is how we got Social Security. People banded  together--activists--around the country. They pushed their country and  pushed their government at the State level, at the county level, at the  courthouse, at the Capitol in Washington. They stood against powerful  special interests and won on behalf of the public. From the Women's  March to airport rallies, to the activism around the Affordable Care  Act, last year, Americans proved over and over the power of activism.   The people I will be with on Saturday--my daughters, my wife, and  probably three of our grandchildren--will join hundreds of thousands  all over this country in fighting for these issues. The people who will  be marching on Saturday are the ones we were elected to serve. We were  not elected to serve special interest gun lobbyists. These activists  give me hope for the future. I hope my colleagues in this body will  listen to the activists, not to the lobbyists.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   