 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   It is a confusing amendment to me because, looking at what we want to  do, I haven't talked to many people who don't think that Iran isn't a  bad actor in the region. It is really almost impossible to find anybody  except somebody in the Iranian regime who would say that.   This basically peacefully works with our partners to say: Let's find  a strategy to counter this terrible activity, this terrible regime.  Cyber defense. Working together for intelligence. What do we do to come  together with our friends to make sure we can counter these  destabilizing activities?   If this amendment would pass, it would hand a victory to a few  people. It would hand a victory to Russia--Russia that has invested a  lot in propping up the Assad regime and working with the Iranian regime  to do so.   This would be a huge victory to Bashar al-Assad, who has killed half  a million of his own people simply because he wants to stay in power.  Fifty thousand of those are children, by the way. Many of those gasped  their last breath on chemical weapons.   This would be a victory to Hezbollah, which has 150,000 rockets aimed  at our best ally in the Middle East, Israel, that is worried about  their future. This is the same Iran that calls Israel ``little Satan''  and the United States ``big Satan.''   And this would be, of course, a huge victory for Iran itself. This is  a nation that is responsible for almost one-quarter of American deaths  in Iraq that I actually operated against--one-quarter of the American  deaths in Iraq. I would think it is pretty good to counter that.   So, ultimately, this makes military action less likely, because we  are working with our allies to do what we can to prevent actions by  this regime that will make war more likely, as we saw in the escalating  situation between Israel and Iran just a week ago.   Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding the time. I urge  my colleagues to resoundingly defeat this amendment.   