 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to modify the  amendment in the form I have placed at the desk. There was a minor  change in the figure there.    Mr. Chair, I will address the amendment. The purpose of  this amendment is to try to make a small dent in what I consider to be  the overall excessive spending that is going on here.   In the year which we are currently in, we anticipate borrowing about  22 percent of the Federal budget. A few years ago, we had that number  down to around 11 percent--and to a certain extent because of the  hurricanes, but to a certain extent not--we now are borrowing up to 22  percent.   President Trump, at the time he originally submitted the budget for  this time, which was before the budget agreement was reached, I think,  anticipated spending over $50 billion less than the amount that was  spent in the last year. I tried to look at something to just give a  little bit, a tip of the cap, to President Trump's request. I think he  is paying a lot more attention to the burden we are placing on our  children and grandchildren than Congress collectively.   And I looked at the National Endowment for the Arts and the National  Endowment for the Humanities. I am requesting a 15 percent reduction in  both of those numbers. It seems when you reduce anything else, it seems  to plan that it is a matter of life and death, and horrible things are  going to happen.   I like the arts. I don't know if I like the humanities quite as much  as the arts, but they are okay, too. But it is hard to believe, at a  time when we are borrowing 22 percent of our overall budget, that a  minor 15 percent cut in these two items would be inappropriate.   We are, right now, going up in the National Endowment of the  Humanities, hitting an all-time high this year, at the time of this  huge deficit, and we are also increasing in the proposed budget the  amount we are spending on the humanities.   It seems to me that these things, you could argue, are not  necessarily a Federal purpose at all. I am not like President Trump was  2 years ago and trying to zero out these two lines altogether, but I  think it is a little bit of an insult to our President, an insult to  our children, an insult to our grandchildren to go up to high numbers  on both these items.   So the purpose of my amendment, a minor 15 percent reduction. There  is still more in both these accounts than we had just a few years ago.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Just a comment from the humble Congressman from  Wisconsin. It was said that this is a small amount. I still think $300  million is a lot of money, okay? And we are only taking about $45  million out of that. We are leaving a lot behind. We are leaving--I  don't feel, at this time, with such a big debt, we should be setting  the all-time high that we have ever put in the endowment for the  humanities and higher than any other amount we have put in the arts for  the last 8 years.   And when I run for this job, I don't find anybody running around  saying that they have got a big crisis in this country. I have a lot of  rural area. And we have got to spend a lot more money in Washington, we  have got this big debt, on the arts and humanities.   My local and municipal government are pleased to fund this.  Philanthropists are pleased to fund this, and even people without a lot  of money like me are happy to fund it on our own.   I request that the amendment pass and we make a little dent in this  huge level of spending, and take a small amount out of here; not as  much as President Trump, who cares so much about our children and  grandchildren, wanted to take out, but at least a small 15 percent out  due to our huge debt.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   