 Mr. President, I rise today to speak in support of--and to  share a sample of--the positive results my State of Indiana is already  experiencing as a result of tax reform. Hoosiers like Chelsee Hatfield,  who accompanied me at the State of the Union address last week, are  already seeing the benefits of this historic tax overhaul. Chelsee is a  young mother of three. She is a teller at a rural branch of First  Farmers Bank & Trust Company in Tipton, IN. Chelsee recently learned  that she is going to receive a raise and a bonus as a result of tax  reform. This additional income will help Chelsee go back to school and  earn her associate's degree. It is also going to enable her to put  money away for her children's college education.   First Farmers Bank & Trust is also investing $250,000 per year--per  year--in community development in the small rural communities where  they serve businesses and individuals. Moreover, First Farmers is going  to invest $150,000 per year in employee development. This is just one  company throughout the State of Indiana, and we are seeing all sorts of  stories like this already emerging.    Chelsee and the employees of First Farmers Bank & Trust represent so  many regular Hoosiers who work in small towns and in our large cities,  and they are going to see real benefits, substantial benefits, for  themselves and their families. As a result, the entire State and  country, of course, will benefit as well.   Indiana, like so many States, is already seeing a steady stream of  tax reform success stories like these--and has ever since we passed the  Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I will just go through a number of these  positive stories that are emerging.   Anthem, an Indiana-based health insurance company, announced on  Monday that more than 58,000 employees and recent retirees will receive  $1,000 contributions to their retirements. Now, in my family and in so  many families around this country, $1,000 is a lot of money. That is  just in the here and now. Moving forward, we can expect increased  economic growth, a greater demand for workers, and for more wages to  increase. Just in the near term, we know that Anthem has said it will  give retirees and employees $1,000 contributions to their retirements.   Family Express Convenience Stores, out of Valparaiso, announced it is  boosting its starting wage for employees at their 70 locations  throughout Indiana. Gus Olympidis is its CEO, and he said: ``We feel  obligated to pass on a significant portion of the tax savings to our  staff.'' Of course, we have heard this from a number of employers and  their leadership. They are passing on tax savings to their employees  because they want to retain these employees. This, of course, is a good  way to do it.   Southwest Airlines announced that it will be investing in a new fleet  of airplanes, and the engines will be built by Hoosiers in Lafayette.   FedEx is investing $1.5 billion in its Indianapolis hub and is  providing bonuses to its workers.   First Midwest Bank raised its minimum pay for hourly employees to $15  an hour at its 18 Northwest Indiana branches.   These are real results--real compensation and real benefits--already  being experienced by rank-and-file Hoosiers--the people who help keep  this economy humming.   I listened very carefully to Hoosier voices when we were debating the  Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and I am glad to see their voices were heard, in  the end, by a majority of my colleagues. Workers at companies of all  sizes are already beginning to see the benefits of a tax code that is  simpler, that is fairer, and that allows Hoosiers to keep more of their  hard-earned money.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   