 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  allowed to enter into a colloquy with the Senator from Oklahoma.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Ernst). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Madam President, we are here to talk a little bit about  immigration reform and maybe a little bit about the looming government  shutdown. I want to start with the government shutdown because it is  intrinsically linked with some of the arguments that are being made by  my colleagues on the other side of the aisle.   What we are trying to do is fairly simple. We are trying to fund our  servicemembers. We are trying to fund our veterans. We want to get a  long-term authorization for the CHIP program. The CHIP program actually  expired last year, but there were sufficient funds on account to  continue funding, but they are running out. In States like North  Carolina and other States, this program is going to start being  [[Page S334]]  shut down if we don't get much needed resources. We are talking about a  multiyear reauthorization for the plan and, of course, continuing to  fund the National Institutes of Health, which is a critically important  part of combating diseases, finding treatments, and cures. That is all  we are trying do with this spending bill.   The other thing we are trying to do is create a bridge for a month so  we can get our colleagues on both sides of the aisle talking and  hopefully get some certainty in terms of funding going into next year-- if it were up to me and I think up to Senator Lankford, for several  years, but it would be good to get some long-term certainty in the  funding process because right now these continuing resolutions are  killing us. We are living paycheck to paycheck. It creates all kinds of  inefficient processes. It is wasting taxpayer dollars.   We have to at least start with funding the government tonight. At  midnight tonight, if we don't act on a continuing resolution, then we  will be shutting down the government. I, for one, am going to vote for  the continuing resolution like I have every resolution for the last 3  years I have been here because I believe we need to pay our bills. I  believe we need to fund our servicemembers. I believe the civilian  employees should know they can come back to work on Monday, and we need  to do a better job of actually getting together and coming up with  centered solutions that gain enough support on both sides of the aisle  to do that.   Now I want to talk about why we are at the shutdown. We are mainly at  the shutdown because some Members want to put all of our government  funding at risk--all the funding I was talking about here at risk-- because we have not yet reached an agreement on immigration reform.   Senator Lankford and I have spent a lot of time on this. In September  of last year, we introduced the SUCCEED Act, which was an honest effort  to get into the discussion on how we could come up with a long-term  solution for the DACA population. We got together with Senator Durbin,  Senator Graham, and a number of other Members to try and negotiate out  our differences. We made some progress.   Now I will bring you forward to a couple of weeks ago. We met with  the President 2 weeks ago, on a Thursday. Republican Members--it  included myself, Senator Lankford, and other Members, and we told the  President we thought we were making progress. Senator Graham was in the  meeting as well. But we thought to really get the deal done, we needed  a bicameral, bipartisan meeting. The President thought it was a good  idea, and he hosted the first meeting that following Tuesday. That  meeting--actually, the majority of it, about 55 minutes of it--was  televised. People could see the discussion going on. Actually, people  saw a lot of good interchange. There were clearly gaps, but we thought  we were making progress. What we agreed in that meeting was that there  were four main pillars of this first phase of immigration reform.   The idea of comprehensive immigration reform sounds good, except it  has failed every time they attempted it. We decided we should start  with a more focused effort to address some of the border security  concerns and certainty for the DACA population. It sounded like a good  idea, so we decided we would have the No. 2 leaders in the House and  the Senate--the Democrats and Republicans, four people--get together  the following day and develop a schedule so a subset of that group of a  couple of dozen people who met with the President could get together  and work out our differences.   Senator Lankford and I knew going into it that in order to  compromise, we were going to have to accept positions that were short  of what we wanted, but that is the whole purpose of compromising.  Nobody gets everything they want. We were looking forward to what we  would hope would be a schedule coming out from the whips--the Democrats  and the Republicans, the four who were in the meeting--and that never  happened. What we instead found out was on Thursday, a subset of the  group, without talking with any of us, decided to have a meeting with  the President and see if they could offer their solution. That is what  a lot of them have been talking about on the floor. They are saying:  Our solution is ready to go. We can put it in the year-end spending  bill. We have bipartisan support. We can let it go.   Last night, I finally got the full text of their solution. I want to  share it with you. There it is. It is a title. It is nothing. There are  no specific provisions. There is not a bill filed. There is no evidence  they have spoken with people to try to bridge the gaps. It is  completely counter to what we agreed to do that Tuesday, a week or so  ago.   I am asking my colleagues to recognize that people like I and Senator  Lankford care about the DACA population. We want to provide them with  certainty. We also want to make sure we put balance into the proposal  so we are not here again 10 years from now, so we can make sure we have  something of enduring value. We don't want to do something quick, where  maybe you play gotcha and you put some pressure on someone and you get  a bill because those sorts of bills are always at risk of being  reversed.    We have already taken hits in our States. There are people who think  we never should have had this discussion, but we care about the DACA  population. We care about border security. We care about Homeland  Security and a number of the things that have to go together so we  provide a solution, but then we also make sure it is highly unlikely  that Senators 10, 12, 15 years from now are in the same place.   Before I turn it over to Senator Lankford, I want to talk a little  bit about why border security should be argued on compassionate  grounds. I was in Texas in February. I spent a week there with Senator  Cornyn and some of the other Members. I was all along the border. I met  with Border Patrol agents. Some of them had been shot at. They had  stories about some of their colleagues who had been killed. I was in  Laredo where they showed me the door of a helicopter that had just been  shot through a couple of weeks earlier by someone across the Rio Grande  in what they call Nuevo Laredo. It is a dangerous place down there.   There is a compassionate basis for trying to keep our border security  and CIS agents safe. There is also a compassionate case for knowing who  is crossing the border and where they are. Why? Because 10,000 people  have died crossing that border over the last 20 years. Almost 1,000 of  them were kids or minors. That doesn't include the number who get  killed or die long before they ever get to the southern border.   The way it works is they have these human traffickers, or human  smugglers, who charge thousands of dollars to get somebody across the  border. Sometimes they get across; oftentimes they don't. It is a  moneymaker. As a matter of fact, the cartels that run the different  plazas--that is the geographies along the southern border. It is sort  of like if you go through this plaza, you better be paying a toll or  you are probably going to die. We have one example where 72 people were  all murdered, one family--men, women, and children--because the person  who was smuggling them apparently got crosswise with the cartel. So to  send a message, they killed these people. They died because we didn't  know they were there. We didn't know they crossed the border. We didn't  have the situational awareness that we are trying to get done with the  border security provisions that are in a compromise bill that we  offered.   I can also talk about the millions of doses of drugs that cross our  border every week. Every week millions of doses of poison cross our  border. We talk about the opioid epidemic, and we know a vast majority  of the opioids--the heroin, the fentanyl, the variants of opioids that  are coming across the border--are coming from south of the border,  either by water or by land. If that is not a compelling case, a  compassionate case, for American border security with what we are  trying to do with immigration reform, I don't know what is. We are not  talking about a wall. We are not talking about a 2,300-mile wall.   I have been criticized for several years because I sit on the  Judiciary Committee. We have had a number of hearings that would have  never made sense. The President has been briefed by Border Patrol. He  understands it is  [[Page S335]]  a series of structures, people, technology. Infrastructure is what  border security call it. We are asking for the baseline funding and  build it out over time--walls where it makes sense, fences and roads,  reconnaissance, and just intelligence-gathering devices in some places.  That is all we are asking for. There is a deal to be struck here very  quickly, but you don't do it by going around a process that, 2 days  before, you agreed to participate in.    I thank Senator Lankford because Senator Lankford has done an  extraordinary job. I also want to thank our staffs because they have  done an amazing amount of work to really come up with something that  had been well received, to a certain extent, by Senator Durbin and  others. In fact, they embraced some of the provisions, but then things  just broke down because all they wanted to talk about was the DACA  component. They didn't want to talk about the other things that make it  an enduring and impactful and compassionate solution for which, I  think, we could easily get 60 votes.   I would appreciate Senator Lankford's thoughts and comments on this.   I yield the floor to Senator Lankford.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oklahoma.    Madam President, I am pleased to see Senator Cornyn here.  He has done an extraordinary job. As a matter of fact, it was Senator  Cornyn who hosted the trip that I made down to the border that gave me  an incredibly important perspective on the case for border security. I  appreciate his leadership on this issue.   I want to leave a final comment for the DACA population. Some people  say: What is the crisis? We have until March 5.   I understand that every single day you wake up, that day seems like  today. I know we need to move more quickly. Quite honestly, we could  have gotten this done a couple of months ago if people had engaged,  recognized their differences, and accepted a compromise. We are doing  everything we can to get done much sooner than March 5 because we  understand that they are our teachers, our EMTs. There are 900 serving  in the military. They are hard-working people. They are kids in school.  There are hundreds of thousands of good people--in a proposal that we  put together, over a million--that we want to welcome into this Nation  because they are great citizens, they love this country, they are  productive citizens, and I want them to  [[Page S337]]  know that we know that. I want them to know that there are dozens of  Republicans prepared to vote on a compromise bill that is balanced,  that brings border security and provides certainty to the DACA  population. We are going to do everything we can every day that we are  here to make sure that we deliver on that promise.   Madam President, thank you.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The majority whip.   