 Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of the  nomination of the Honorable Randal Quarles to be a member of the Board  of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.   The Senate has already confirmed Mr. Quarles--this Congress--to serve  as a member of the Federal Reserve with a bipartisan vote of 65 to 32,  but that term expired on February 1, 2018, and he has been serving as a  member of the Board in a holdover capacity since. Confirming Mr.  Quarles to a new 14-year term will provide needed stability at the  Board and allow for the prompt consideration of other Board nominees.   Mr. Quarles has a wealth of government and private-sector experience  dealing with both domestic and international financial markets. In  addition to his current service on the Board, his government experience  includes serving in multiple top posts in the Treasury Department.   Currently, only three of the seven available Board seats are filled,  and several other nominees to the Board await confirmation. I have  appreciated the important work carried out by Mr. Quarles at the Board  thus far, including his role in developing regulatory and supervisory  policy for the Federal Reserve System.   Some are arguing today he is responsible for the housing crisis. He  wasn't on the Federal Reserve Board when the housing crisis occurred.  Some have argued that he is trying to weaken stress tests. Yet today,  in the face of that very argument, the Chairman of the Federal Reserve  testified to the Banking Committee that the stress tests they applied  this year, for which they are being criticized, are the strongest  stress tests they have applied yet, and they have not given anybody a  pass. In fact, those who did not completely pass the test are still  required to maintain their capital requirements as they were last year.  [[Page S4983]]    If confirmed, I am confident Mr. Quarles' experience and skill will  continue to be effective in terms of helping the Board promote the  effective operation of the U.S. economy and serving the public  interest.   He has previously received, as I said, bipartisan support, being  confirmed last year as Vice Chairman by voice vote, and as a Board  member by a vote of 65 to 32. Earlier today, the Senate's cloture vote  on Mr. Quarles' nomination was 66 to 33--yet again another indication  of strong bipartisan support for this nomination.   I urge all my colleagues to support Mr. Quarles' nomination today and  vote for his confirmation.   I yield my time.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   