 Mr. President, I have bad news and good news. The bad  news is that it was suggested to me that there is some type of a rule  at a time like this where the senior person in the Chamber speaks next,  and that is me. The good news is that it is short, and the reason is  because I didn't really think about this until I came down here to  watch Senator Hatch.   I remember so well that long before I was in the House--Orrin, long  before then--you were the guy I always listened to. You would get phone  calls from some obscure State senator out in Oklahoma who was  complimenting you. You might even remember one time when you and I put  something together where we were going to balance the budget and pass  an amendment that we knew would pass because we were going to confirm  everything before we got it passed, and that was a brilliant idea that  didn't work. Nevertheless, we talked quite often about things, and you  were the one I looked up to.    The same thing happened. You had a way. When I was in the House, I  would see you more than anyone else during the annual National Prayer  Breakfast. You would be active on that from the Senate, and I would be  from the House. So you kind of had a way of saying things differently,  the things you have heard many times before that you don't realize you  have been wrong on all the time. You did it a few minutes ago when you  talked about Lincoln. You talked about ``the House divided against  itself'' and drew that relationship to what is happening today.  [[Page S7470]]    You said it. When you talk, you are talking history, and it meant  something different than anything I had ever seen. The Scripture you  have quoted, ``To whom much is given, much is expected,'' I didn't  think about that.   I just want to tell you, you have been given a lot and a lot was  expected and you surpassed all expectations.   I am going to wind up here with an experience I had a week ago today  that was, I think, a violation of our rules, but I occasionally do that  anyway. I remember my junior Senator, James Lankford, who said  something at the conclusion of your remarks a week ago. He said: I have  been here 3 or 4 years, and I don't remember one time that I have seen  Orrin Hatch when he didn't encourage me and tell me I was a very  special person, and I will always remember that.   When he said that, I began thinking. I have been here about 24 years,  and I can't think of one time you haven't been encouraging and an  encouraging voice. I would come to a conclusion that there is a reason  for this. You reflect, as much as anyone I can think of, the civility  and love of Jesus, and I can assure you, Jesus is very proud of you  this morning. I love you.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, this has been the center of a lot of  discussion, and it is a little confusing. I think there are a lot of  things that everyone in here agrees with, but how we are going to  express ourselves has to come down to all possibilities of the options  that are there.   I want to start off by saying that I oppose the Sanders-Lee  provision. I think the resolution would have us find that since March  of 2015, members of the U.S. Armed Forces have been introduced into  hostilities in Yemen between the Saudi-led coalition and Houthis,  including providing to the Saudi-led coalition aerial targeting  assistance, intelligence sharing, and midflight aerial refueling.   If enacted, Lee-Sanders could ultimately pull all U.S. support from  the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen. The Sanders-Lee resolution is, I  think, fundamentally flawed because it presumes we are engaged in  military action in Yemen. We are not. We are not engaged in military  action in Yemen.   There has been a lot of discussion about refueling. I don't see any  stretch of the definition that would say that falls into that category.  The truth is that with the exception of the defense strike in October  2016, the U.S. Armed Forces are not engaged in direct military action  in Yemen.   The limited military support and intelligence sharing being provided  by the United States to the Saudi-led coalition does not involve the  introduction of U.S. Forces into hostilities, nor is the U.S.  involvement in hostilities imminent given the circumstances at hand.   U.S. forces in support of the coalition do not currently command,  coordinate, accompany, or participate in the movement of Saudi  coalition forces in the counter-Houthi operations.   As of November 11 of this year, the U.S. Armed Forces ceased  refueling support. That is no longer an issue. Even if it were an  issue, this is not one that would constitute the category we have been  talking about.   As for the Saudi coalition, the counter-Houthi operations in Yemen,  even if the refueling support we were providing were going on today, it  would not constitute involvement in hostilities. For that reason, I do  oppose it.   I don't know which of these resolutions is actually going to be on  the floor for a vote and in what order they would be on the floor, but  the resolution that has been put together by Senator Corker and our  leader I think is the best solution to the problem we are confronted  with now.   Like many of my colleagues, I was deeply disturbed by the killing of  the Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi at Saudi Arabia's consulate in  Istanbul in October. I deplore everything in conjunction with that.  While it may not be a smoking gun as such, I believe that Saudi  Arabia's leadership is responsible for Mr. Khashoggi's death.   Those responsible are going to have to be held accountable, and we  must condemn this terrible and unaccepted event. That is clearly what  the resolution says.   The resolution also acknowledges the Trump administration's important  decision to sanction 17 Saudis for their roles in Mr. Khashoggi's  murder.   At the same time, Saudi Arabia is an important Middle Eastern  partner. Its stability is vital to the security of our regional allies  and our partners, including Israel, and Saudi Arabia is essential to  countering Iran. We all know that. We know how tenuous things are in  that part of the world. We don't have that many friends. We can't  afford to lose any of them.   While we must be frank with our partners and let them know when they  have done, in our opinion, something wrong, we must be cautious and  avoid steps that would damage a strategic relationship that goes back  over half a century. For this reason, I am hoping that the resolution  will be introduced, in which case I will be supporting the resolution  the leader and Senator Corker have introduced. It criticizes the Saudi  Government for its recent behavior and encourages it to get on the  right path--the right path to redouble its reform efforts, the right  path to respect the rights of its citizens, and the right path to work  toward a peaceful resolution in Yemen.   You know, I don't like any of the choices we have. This is clearly  the best choice that is out there.   I yield the floor.   