 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding and for leading in this effort.   It is very exciting back in the great State of Michigan, the comeback  State of Michigan, our home State. After years of stagnant economic  growth, our workforce is finally experiencing the benefits of a  modernized Tax Code. So far, more than 4 million hardworking  Michiganders have received bonuses, notices of increases in their take- home pay, and have benefited from higher wages.   Across Michigan, I have had the opportunity to travel not only in my  district, but across this great State, and I have seen firsthand great  things, so many great stories to tell, sitting down with folks, hearing  about the new tax law and how it is impacting their community and how  it is impacting their businesses. I take away from this a number of  really excited testimonials from everyone that I sat down with.   For example, Dan, a small-business owner from Rochester Hills,  Michigan, shared with me that, as a result of tax reform, he was able  to invest in his new car wash by buying new equipment.   Erwin, a constituent from Oxford, Michigan, is seeing extra money in  his monthly take-home pay.   I stopped by the Fiat Chrysler truck assembly plant to talk with  workers about the new Ram truck production line that is relocating from  Mexico all the way back to Michigan, where it belongs, bringing with it  2,500 new jobs. As you can imagine, there is extreme excitement within  the four walls of that beautiful plant.   Michigan is the auto capital of the world. We produce more than 2.2  million cars and trucks. We produce more cars and trucks than any other  State in the Union, and we are excited and proud to be the auto capital  of the world, the State that put the world on wheels.   The Fiat Chrysler decision will provide more than $1 billion in U.S.  investment and $2,000 bonuses, $2,000 for each employee, all as a  result of tax reform.   In Lake Orion, Michigan, Complete Automation, they employ about 250  employees. I visited their operation to talk with the employees about  the new benefits they will soon be seeing. As a result of tax reform,  employees will see in their 401(k) contribution a match of 50 percent,  up to 4 percent of their investment in their 401(k).   That is a big deal for a lot of people. It is a great deal for their  family. It is a great deal for them individually, but it is a great  deal for their family.   And I also say this. With the average tax cut in my district of about  $2,500 per family, average family, that is not crumbs. That is real,  real relief for families that could really use it right now.   The takeaway from all these conversations that I have had across my  district is that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is working. America's  optimism is rising, and the workforce is taking notice. We are finally  creating an environment that fosters economic growth and brings jobs  back to the United States and back to my home State and the comeback  State of Michigan. And this is just the beginning.   