 Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to support the House  amendment to S. 1182, the National Flood Insurance Program Extension  Act of 2018. This bill would provide a clean, 4-month extension for the  NFIP.   Now, I do plan to vote in favor of this bill, but I do so with deep  consternation that we are, yet again, passing a short-term  reauthorization. This will be the seventh short-term extension for the  NFIP in the last 10 months. This is somewhat embarrassing, or should  be, to all of us.   If we fail to reauthorize the program, the NFIP will not be able to  issue new policies, and borrowing authority would be limited. A lapse  in authorization during the height of hurricane season could have  serious ramifications for communities that have already weathered last  year's severe storms.   When the Financial Services Committee began to consider the NFIP  reauthorization, I had advocated for a long-term reauthorization. I met  with Mr. Duffy many, many times. We discussed that a long-term  reauthorization of 5 or even 10 years would provide policyholders and  stakeholders with certainty. It would give industry stability,  communities a chance to develop mitigation plans, and policyholders  peace of mind.   Affordability must remain a central component of any long-term plan  to revamp the NFIP. Rates are already increasing for many  policyholders, and we need to ensure that homeowners who rely on the  NFIP for protection are not priced out of the program.   Additionally, I have urged my colleagues to consider the forgiving of  the NFIP's debt. Though the NFIP has been self-sustaining for many  years, extreme and unexpected damage following Hurricane Katrina and  Superstorm Sandy left the NFIP with a $20 billion debt. Now the NFIP  continues to pay over $400 million a year in interest, and this is  ridiculous.    The NFIP continues to pay over $400 million a year in  interest. That is money that could go towards making improvements in  the program or helping enhance affordability. We need to wipe the slate  clean and give the NFIP a fresh start.   Lastly, enhancing mapping technology and increasing litigation  resources will go a long way in improving the program and preparing  communities for prevention and recovery efforts.   To be sure, I am pleased that we are voting to keep the NFIP up and  running for the next 4 months, but I remain concerned that we have been  unable to agree on a long-term plan. I again urge my colleagues to come  to the table in a bipartisan manner for a solution and for the updating  of the NFIP.   