 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's courtesy,  and I appreciate his hard work with Chair Jenkins moving this forward.   This is an example of--maybe people don't think it is earthshaking-- but being able to come together and deal with things that make a  difference with the IRS, which is the largest voluntary tax compliance  system in the world. It is very important. And I am pleased, with the  reference to 13 hearings and a lot of the back and forth, being able to  reach consensus.   But let me say, I wish that those two people who led this effort had  been empowered to do a deep dive into some of the dysfunctionality that  has been imposed on the IRS. Since 2010, the IRS is dealing with more  and more returns which are more and more complex, and my Republican  friends have slashed the people who work on it.   We haven't modernized the computer system which those of us who took  our first computer programming in the 1970s, I think, would be equipped  to work on. It is so outdated.   We have cut the people who were involved with enforcement. Now, I  would wish that everybody would voluntarily comply, but everybody  doesn't. And as a result, those people who work on enforcement make  about $6 for the taxpayer for every dollar we invest in their efforts.  And, more importantly, it is a signal that everybody is going to be  treated fairly. The people who cut corners, who forget, or who outright  cheat are taking away money from the government and putting the burden  on others who not only have to pick up the slack, but the people who  cheat get an unfair advantage in how they do business.   They are more profitable because they don't pay their full freight.  That is stupid, unfair, and it is counterproductive. That is one of the  reasons why we have a $450 billion tax gap--the difference between what  is owed as a result of people's tax liability and what is paid.   My friends on the other side of the aisle have been involved with  punishing the IRS for things real and imagined. But who has really  suffered has been the taxpayer, people who can't get their phone calls  answered. The IRS doesn't have staff in customer service who can  readily answer concerns that taxpayers have.   I am outraged when I hear attorneys and accountants in my community  say: Yeah, I had a client who had a legitimate claim and they would  have gotten that $4,000 back, but I had to tell them that, because of  the dysfunctionality and the underinvestment in the IRS, it would cost  them more for me to fix it for them than they would get back.   That is a scandal. We ought to make sure that we have a fully  functioning IRS that meets the needs of the taxpayers, that gives them  the answers that they need, that makes a very clear signal that  everybody needs to fulfill their civic obligations to pay their taxes,  and that businesses that cheat or forget are not going to get an unfair  advantage over people who work hard to follow the rules. Our deficit  would be $450 billion less if we did this properly.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman because I wanted  to make one other point. But I must confess that one of the other  reasons that I am really deeply concerned about that now is that it  wasn't just that we weren't able to do a deep dive on the causes of  dysfunctionality and underinvestment in the IRS.   It is no secret that one of my highest priorities as a Member of  Congress and as a member of the Ways and Means Committee, was to be  there to help us fulfill our responsibility on that committee dealing  with the resources necessary to rebuild and renew America.   It is no secret that America is falling apart while we are falling  behind. We  [[Page H3420]]  have a growing gap in our Highway Trust Fund that has lost 40 percent  of its purchasing power. We are not able to meet our current  commitments, let alone the commitments we have in the future.   The Ways and Means Committee allowed the Superfund tax to expire. So  now we have a Superfund to clean up toxic waste that has blighted  communities across the country, but we no longer have a tax that pays  for it. So that burden has been shifted to innocent parties and local  government.   I have been working with the last three chairs of our Ways and Means  Committee, asking that we have some robust hearings on our  responsibility for transportation.   The Transportation and Infrastructure Committee deals with the  authorization of the Surface Transportation Assistance Act, but the  Ways and Means Committee is responsible for funding it. A couple of  weeks ago, there was a hearing in the Transportation and Infrastructure  Committee on our job. They heard from witnesses from labor, from  business, the U.S. Chamber, trucking associations--a wide range of  people who came in and asked us to raise taxes on them.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. I really will  wrap up. But we have had no hearing like the Transportation and  Infrastructure Committee had. They brought all of the witnesses in to  talk about our job.   The last three chairs of the Ways and Means Committee from my  Republican friends, in 7 years and 3 months, have had exactly one  witness on our responsibility to raise the revenue for transportation,  not one hearing. We had 380 hearings. We had one 5-minute witness who  talked about the need to meet our responsibilities.   Mr. Speaker, why do we have to go to the Transportation and  Infrastructure Committee to hear our job? Isn't it about time that my  Republican friends allowed us to have a week or two to listen to the  wide array of people who want us to fulfill our responsibility to  rebuild and renew America and to pay for it? It is past time for that  hearing, and I hope we have it. And then we act on what people tell us.   