 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the RAY BAUM'S Act. It is fitting that  this bill be named for him, a shining example of public service and a  great friend. My heart goes out to his wife and all his family and  loved ones.    Mr. Speaker, this legislation reauthorizes the FCC for the first time  in 28 years. I am proud of the inclusion of two of my bipartisan bills.   First is the Rural Spectrum Accessibility Act, which Mr. Loebsack and  I introduced. It expands access to coverage in rural communities by  allowing licensed, unused spectrum to be sub-allocated to carriers  serving rural populations.   The second is the Improving Broadband Access for Veterans Act, which  Mr. McNerney and I introduced. It requires the FCC to thoroughly  examine veterans' access to broadband and provide recommendations to  increase access, especially for rural and low-income veterans.   Again, this legislation is one more example to show the majority of  the work done in Congress is bipartisan and sometimes even bicameral.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and everybody for working together  to get this done, and I urge my colleagues to support the RAY BAUM'S  Act.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. This  was a great thing we did. It had been--I was 8 years old the last time  the Tax Code was reformed, and I think this is something we, frankly,  ought to do every decade; at the worst case, every two decades;  definitely not every 30 years. So it is about time to get it done.   I wish this could have been bipartisan. I think there are a lot of  fantastic things in here, and I think it is quite obvious that the  economy is showing some really big benefit as a result. I think it is  hard to hide that. It is hard to pretend that that is not the case,  even though some of our friends try to do that, but it is quite obvious  it has worked.   I just want to tell a few stories of my district, the 16th District  of Illinois. I was at a tax reform roundtable last month at the  Illinois Valley Chamber of Commerce, and I heard from my local business  community about how this bill affects them and what they would like to  see moving forward. One gentleman from Walnut, Illinois, in Bureau  County, was really excited about the tax cuts his small business would  receive. He plans to increase hourly wages and hire 7 to 10 new  employees over the next 2 years. That, my friends, is not crumbs. That  is important.   The tax relief for businesses, large and small, is being shared with  employees all over. Over the last few months, more than 300 companies,  and counting, have announced plans to add people, add bonuses, add to  retirement benefits, and give back to the U.S. economy.   Employees at UPS in my district, Home Depot, Bank of America, Ryder,  AT&T, U-Haul, and many others with Illinois locations will receive  these bonuses and benefits.   A few weeks ago, I went to the Fiat Chrysler plant in Belvidere,  Illinois, and I met with employees who were excited and encouraged by  the $2,000 bonus they will receive in the second quarter of this year.   According to the nonpartisan Institute on Taxation and Economic  Policy, 85 percent of Illinoisans will see a tax cut next year, and the  nonpartisan Tax Foundation has estimated that the State of Illinois  stands to gain tens of thousands of jobs from this reform.   This is great news. By bringing the Tax Code into the 21st century to  reflect current day is real and tangible in terms of the benefits it  will put into our economy.   Our future is bright, our economy is growing stronger, and, with tax  relief, the American Dream is once again on the horizon for folks in my  district and across the country. I thank the gentleman for yielding.   