 Mr. President, I appreciate the question of the Senator,  and it is one I have given a great deal of thought. I think there have  been a lot of discussions around here about fancy changes to the budget  process and new bills and new budget processes and new rules and  everything. I always stop and say: Wait a minute. We could have a  budget process written by Aristotle and Thomas Jefferson, but if we  don't do our job, it is not going to work. That is essentially where we  are now. That is one of the reasons I voted no last night.   I have had it with CRs--continuing resolutions--which really means  ``can't resolve.'' We can't make decisions. I want to talk, with the  indulgence of the Senator from Montana, a bit about this part of why we  are where we are.   I think this is a deeper issue because where we are today is going to  simply be repeated 6 months from now, a year from now, 3 months from  now, and 5 years from now. It just keeps going on. It is one of the  reasons we can't get where we are going.   I was a Governor of Maine in the 1990s. I remember vividly, and I can  almost tell you where I was standing in my office when a group of  legislators--we had a budget deadline of July 1. A group of legislators  came to me because budgets are hard. We all know that. It is hard to  resolve some of these issues. They came to me a week or so before the  expiration date and said: Governor, we have never done it before here  in Maine, but will you go along with a continuing resolution like they  do in Washington, and we can solve this in an extra week? I said: Not  on your life. Why did I say that? Because that is what we do here, and  it doesn't work. That is what has gotten us into trouble. Governments  all over the country don't do continuing resolutions. They struggle,  they argue, they debate, and they get their budgets done. Yet here we  have this constant escape hatch that is in the background.   I have done a lot of reading and thinking about the Framers, who were  geniuses--the people who wrote the Constitution. If you read the  Federalist Papers, read Madison, read Hamilton, they understood human  nature. That is why the Constitution has withstood the test of time for  200 years, because it is based upon a deep understanding and perception  of why and how people do this.   This is a human nature question. If you are confronted with a  difficult decision, and you have an easy way out, you will always take  it. That is what a continuing resolution is. It is basically a  statement that says: We can't solve this. We are just going to kick it  down the road a few months or 6 months or a week or a couple of months,  and maybe something will happen then. My problem is, we will not know  anything in a month that we don't know now, and there is no reason to  delay it.   The problem is, this government by continuing resolution--and I will  give you the figures in a minute; they are breathtaking--but government  by continuing resolution is, in fact, like a slow-motion shutdown  because the agencies--particularly the military--can't plan. They can't  commit. They can't commit to long-term contracts. The military--I am on  the Armed Services Committee. I don't think we have had half a dozen  hearings in the last 5 years where we haven't talked about  sequestration and continuing resolutions. In fact, the Secretary of  Defense came to us just a couple of weeks ago and said: Please don't do  another continuing resolution. It is crippling to our military.    Yes, DACA is important. All the other issues wrapped up in this are  important. But I think there is an underlying issue about the  functionality of this organization we really need to address. I went  back and looked at the last 20 years. Here is some of the data I find  amazing: In the last 20 years, we have averaged 5.6 continuing  resolutions a year--every year for 20 years. The average number of days  before we got to a budget after the deadline was 137 days, approaching  half a year.   If we can do it 6 months late, why can't we do it on time? What did  we know 6 months later that we didn't know when we should have done it  in the first place? I believe this is really one of the reasons this  place doesn't work very well. If we continue to provide this exit, this  easy way out, we will always find ourselves in positions like this, and  that is where the problem is.   If you could go to your chemistry teacher and say ``The Tuesday exam  is looking a little tough for me; I would like a continuing resolution  until Friday,'' who is not going to do it? That is what we are doing,  and we are going to do it as long as we keep allowing it to happen.   Frankly, I have talked to a lot of my colleagues off the floor in the  last few days. We need to have a peasants' revolt here where we say we  are not going to vote for these things anymore. Then the leadership and  the committee chairs and the President are going to have to make the  deals and the arrangements they have to make when they have to make  them.   Last fall, we blew through all kinds of deadlines. We blew through  the CHIP  [[Page S372]]  deadline. We blew through the FQHC deadline. We blew through, of  course, the biggest deadline of all--the budget, September 30. Oh,  let's do a continuing resolution. And I voted for them. I voted for a  bunch of them. But I am tired of it. This is at the core of one of the  reasons this place doesn't work.   All we have to do is do our job and do it now. It is not going to be  easier 1 month or 2 months from now.   Assuming we can find some resolution here in the next couple of  days--and I deeply hope we can. Nobody wants to shut down the  government. It is not good for anybody. But the deeper issue is that we  have to get out of the continuing resolution business because as long  as that escape hatch is there, it is going to be used. Madison would  say that is human nature. I think we as a collective body have to weld  that escape hatch shut so that people can't take it and we would have  to get our job done at the time that is required. That would go a long  way. We don't need fancy changes in the budget process; we just need to  do the job we are assigned to do under the current system.   As I said, I deeply hope our leadership can negotiate a solution to  this problem. It seems to me they were very close last night.  Hopefully, we can do it. I frankly don't understand--at the end of the  evening last night, when the Senator made the motion for a 3-day  continuing resolution so that we didn't have to shut down the  government last night--we could have kept talking and found a  solution--it was objected to. I found that very puzzling.   I don't really understand those who are saying this side of the aisle  shut down the government. Well, as of midnight or 10 minutes after,  when you made your motion, it was the other side who shut down the  government because they had before them an option that would have kept  it open for 3 or 4 days to try to get this done.   I appreciate the Senator raising these issues. I would like to ask  him what is on the minds of the people of Montana. If they are like the  people of Maine, they are just puzzled why we can't get these things  taken care of.    The same thing. I wish we could banish the phrase  ``continuing resolution.'' I know of no business that does business  that way. I know of no school district or very few States--I think some  States allow 1 or 2 days if they are in really close negotiations, and  I understand that. It would be one thing if we were right on it, and  just give us a couple more days, and we can iron this out, or, on the  other hand, if we had an agreement and it would take several days or  perhaps even several weeks to actually do the writing of the bill. I  understand that.   I think people just scratch their heads because this is so alien to  most people's common, everyday experience. This is one of the few  places I know of where we have this kind of operation.   I have a modest suggestion: no budget, no recess. If we don't get  these things done, which is the most basic job we have, let's stay here  until it gets done. Maybe that is another reflection of using human  nature as an incentive, because everyone wants to have a break every  now and then.   I am glad we are here on this Saturday. At least we didn't shut down  the government last night and then go home. We are going to be here  tomorrow, as far as I am concerned and as far as I know. I am certainly  going to be here. We have to have some discussion.   The Senator mentioned the four leaders. I think this has to involve  the President as well. One of the powers of the President is as a  convener. I think the President has to be involved in this, he has to  make some decisions, and he has to help guide the decisions--here is  what I will take, here is what I won't take--and work with this party  so we can get a comprehensive agreement on some of these important  issues. I understand they have nice meeting rooms in the White House.  They probably have sandwiches. I think they can bring the group down  there and say: Nobody leaves this place until we get this done. As I  say, I think the people of Maine are just scratching their heads and  saying: Why can't we do this?   I think another important point is that if this were a body and an  institution that was one party, if everybody was of the same party,  there wouldn't be any dispute--somebody would lay down the law, and  that is what would happen. But this is an institution intended to  represent the entire country and different views. That means that if  you are in the majority--particularly in the Senate--you have a  responsibility to get input from the minority, for people. In my case,  I am in a minority of two.   Everybody here has valid input. To just say: This is it. Here is the  deal. Take it or leave it. And if you leave it, we are going to hammer  you for not going along--that is no way to make good policy in the long  run.   There is a lot of good thinking in this Hall. There are a lot of  smart people. In fact, I told somebody at home that I have never been  in an outfit that has more good people and gets less done. There is  something about this structure. I don't think there is anything in the  water down here, but there is something about how this structure works  that just keeps us from getting there.   I respect that the majority has the majority, but there also has to  be some role to work together, and that is what the 60-vote margin is  all about. I think this is a place where there needs to be some  compromise.  [[Page S373]]    One of my favorite philosophers, Mick Jagger, said: ``You don't  always get what you want, but if you try sometime, you might just find  you get what you need.'' I think that is where we are right now.  Everybody can't get what they want, but if we work together, if we  listen to each other, if we respect each other, and if we quit taking  the easy way out, we will get what we need. That is what the people of  Maine want us to do.    I thank the Senator from Montana for his clear thinking, as  always, and his contribution to this discussion. I hope our colleagues  will pay heed, as they always should, to the Senator from Montana.   