 Mr. President, the most important words of our  Constitution are the first three--``We the People.'' It is the mission  statement of our Nation--a nation of the people, by the people, for the  people, as President Lincoln so eloquently stated, not a nation of, by,  and for the powerful and the privileged.   Yet the powerful and the privileged are working overtime to undermine  our Constitution. Ironically, they are using the courts to do it. We  have seen it happening all week long as the Judiciary Committee has  barreled ahead with hearings on Judge Brett Kavanaugh's nomination to  the U.S. Supreme Court. This is the same Judge Kavanaugh whose record  from 5 years of serving in a Presidential administration is still being  hidden from the Senate and from the people of the United States of  America.   For 5 years, Brett Kavanaugh had the ear of the President on a number  of critical issues--on how we treat enemy combatants, conduct wars in  Iraq and Afghanistan, use and expand Executive power through signing  statements, or how the authorization for the use of military force is  utilized. For 5 years, in the inner circle of America, he had been  engaged in policy after policy after policy. Yet Chairman Grassley and  the committee Republicans are unwilling to allow that record of  insights on his views to be shared with Senators under advice and  consent responsibility.   Then there is this parallel process in which the documents that are  being made available are first being vetted by Bill Burck. Who is Bill  Burck? He is a partisan Republican lawyer who used to work for the  nominee. He is the one who has the final say over what the Senate sees.  He is the one who has the final say over what documents are released,  not just to the Senate but to the American people.   He is the one who decided to release 42,000 pages of documents--not  the ones from those 5 years we are talking about--just hours before the  hearing began. Who could possibly review 42,000 pages the evening or  the night before the hearing occurs? It is humanly impossible. There we  are with a process normally headed by the nonpartisan National  Archives, which is still trying to do its work but can't do its work  until the end of October to vet these  [[Page S6047]]  documents. So instead of nonpartisan public servants vetting the  documents, we have a partisan Republican lawyer, who worked for the  nominee, deciding what we are going to see in the U.S. Senate, what the  public and the United States is going to see. This is not transparency.  This is censorship, and censorship is absolutely wrong in numerous  contexts but particularly in intervening with the responsibility of the  Senate.   Instead of integrity, we have deceit. Instead of honoring advice and  consent responsibility, we are dishonoring that fundamental  constitutional role. This is a rigged system, completely and absolutely  rigged through the censorship of the documents we see and the blockade  for the documents we need.   As Kristine Lucius, who is a former Judiciary Committee staff  director who worked on half a dozen Supreme Court nominees, said, this  process is ``not just breaking the norms. It, frankly, is bordering on  absurdity.'' Absurdity, censorship, a complete failure of integrity,  that is what is happening right this moment during the U.S. Senate's  deliberation of the Supreme Court nominee.   Not long ago, there was a time when my Republican colleagues argued  for a full, transparent examination of a nominee's record before the  Senate could consider the nomination. When Justice Kagan was nominated  8 years ago by President Obama, Members of this body, my Republican  colleagues, said: We stand for the principle of transparency. They  said: We need the full record of the nominee's White House service.   Chairman Grassley said on the Senate floor: ``In order for the Senate  to fulfill its constitutional responsibility of advice and consent, we  must get all of her documents from the Clinton Library and have enough  time to analyze them so we can determine whether she should be a  Justice.''   That was the Kagan standard articulated by my Republican colleagues  and shared by my Democratic colleagues, a standard that was  nonpartisan, a standard that was bipartisan, and a standard that was  supported by Republicans and Democrats for the nomination process for a  Supreme Court Justice.   The Kagan standard is one Democrats supported under a Democratic  President and a Republican President. That is called integrity. That is  called principle. What we have today is my Republican colleagues  saying: We supported transparency under a Democratic President, but we  support censorship and the blockade of documents under a Republican  President. That is the opposite of principle. That is the opposite of  integrity. The Kagan standard, supported by both sides just a couple of  years ago, should be the standard we all support today.   We can't fully evaluate Kavanaugh's record if we don't have the full  record of his involvement on so many issues during his time working in  the executive branch.   Hearings are supposed to give us a chance to get at some of those  issues, but what have we heard? Well, we heard the same, tired,  obligatory responses, such as: I will be a judge who calls balls and  strikes. We have heard that before, and then we have seen the rightwing  judicial activists legislating from the bench on issue after issue  after issue--on workers' rights, on environmental rights, on consumer  rights, on reproductive rights. We know it is ``umpire'' before you get  there, and then suddenly it is a desire to implement a far-right, anti- American, anti-Constitution philosophy of control by the powerful and  privileged, undermining the core principle of the Constitution of the  United States of America.   What else have we heard from Judge Kavanaugh? We have heard: Well,  that is settled law. That is, perhaps, the most artificial, phony  response we can possibly hear. Why is it artificial and phony? Because  when you are on the Supreme Court, the decisions you make become the  interpretation. You either reinforce or you unsettle, but you have no  obligation to follow what the courts have done before.   The Roberts Court has overturned ``settled precedents'' time after  time after time, and for a nominee of the Supreme Court to pretend that  isn't the case, it means either he is ignorant or deliberately  deceptive. I don't think Judge Kavanaugh is ignorant. He knows the  record. He knows the Supreme Court changes prior precedents. He knows  they change ``settled law,'' and so to evade an issue saying, well,  that is settled, is simply to be deceptive.   Sometimes, in addition to the hearings, we learn some information  through a nominee's meetings with Senators, but Judge Kavanaugh has  refused to answer even the most basic questions about his  jurisprudence, said Senator Schumer, following his own meeting with the  nominee.   Senator Schumer went on to say that Mr. Kavanaugh refused to say if  Roe v. Wade or Casey v. Planned Parenthood were correctly decided  because that would actually be to indicate some sense of one's judicial  view, and we are getting nothing.   As Senator Schumer said, he couldn't ``recall his level of  involvement in a number of controversies during his time in the Bush  White House.'' Here is a thought: If we get the records on his  involvement in the Bush White House, we will actually know what his  thoughts were, and maybe we can jog his memory that he so carefully and  conveniently lost somewhere along the way. The American people deserve  integrity in this process, and we are not getting it.   We do know a fair amount from his previous public decisions. We know  he likes to legislate from the bench against workers, against  consumers, against clean air, and against clean water. We know he  doesn't believe healthcare is a fundamental right in the United States.  We know he wants to strike down Roe v. Wade. We know he has a view of  the Presidency that is appropriate for a King and a kingdom but not for  a President and a republic.   He has this extraordinary view of Presidential power. He doesn't  believe a President can be indicted. He doesn't believe a President can  even be investigated. He believes a sitting President can choose to  ignore laws passed by Congress if the President says they are  unconstitutional, even if the court has said they are constitutional.   Think about that for a moment. Here is a judge saying he believes the  President can ignore what the courts say is constitutional and  unconstitutional. You can't get more expansive Presidential power than  that.   So why was Judge Kavanaugh chosen off of this list of 25 individuals?  The answer is pretty clear. It is because he is the one who can write a  ``get out of jail free'' card for the President of the United States-- our President, who is under investigation. He is under investigation  for colluding with foreign powers and flaunting our laws to win a  national election. His former campaign chairman has been found guilty  on eight different criminal charges. His former lawyer and fixer pled  guilty to eight criminal charges and testified, as directed, to make  illegal campaign payments at the direction of--drumroll, please--a  candidate for Federal office. Who is this candidate for Federal office?  None other than President Donald Trump--President Donald Trump,  directing a felony crime.   When one hasn't been indicted in that situation, it is referred to as  an unindicted coconspirator. The Watergate grand jury used that term,  ``unindicted coconspirator,'' to describe the role President Nixon  played in that national scandal, and it fits perfectly with the role  President Trump is playing today.   To say that a dark cloud of corruption hangs over this administration  and hangs over this nomination would be a massive understatement. Until  that cloud is lifted and until this President is cleared, this  nomination should not be considered by this body.   We have already seen that my colleagues have flipped their position  from having a Democratic President to a Republican President. They have  turned transparency into censorship. They have taken the Kagan standard  and trashed it. We cannot act as if all is well in the Republic. We  cannot act as if everything is normal. We cannot act as if this is any  other nomination put forward by any other President because it is not.   It should be clear to all of us that this nomination should not go  forward until the Mueller investigation is concluded. I know my  colleagues are not prepared to take that stand, but surely we can agree  that the Senate cannot  [[Page S6048]]  perform its advice and consent while our hands are tied by a partisan  vetting process, hiding hundreds of thousand documents from the Senate  and from we the people.   I call upon my colleagues to rise from this low point of censorship  and the trashing of the responsibility of advice and consent. Stand up  for the same principles you stood up for just a couple of years ago,  when you demanded the full record for the Senate to undertake its  investigation into a nominee. Bring courage and integrity into this  process. Publicly refuse to proceed until we the Senate and we the  people have the full set of documents about this individual's records.  To do any less is to bring shame and injustice upon this body that I  believe in so strongly, a responsibility of advice and consent that I  believe in so strongly, and a responsibility that my colleagues  believed in so strongly just a couple of years ago.   Let's stand together, as we stood together just a couple of years  ago, Democrats and Republicans, demanding transparency and integrity.  Let this not be the moment when my colleagues fail to uphold their  constitutional responsibilities.   Thank you.   