 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague,  Congressman Lamborn, for organizing this Special Order, recognizing the  77th annual National Bible Week in America. As we know and has been  said today, this is a declaration that was first  [[Page H9682]]  made by President Franklin D. Roosevelt just weeks before the start of  World War II.   As we do on this occasion every year, my colleagues and I extol the  virtues of the Holy Bible. It is the most widely published, widely  read, most influential book in all of human history.   Of course, to us, as Christians, we know that it is more than just a  ``good book.'' We order our lives upon this book. Indeed, as Hebrews  4:12 proclaims: ``The word of God is alive and active. Sharper than any  double-edged sword, it penetrates even to dividing soul and spirit,  joints, and marrow; it judges the thoughts and attitudes of the  heart.''   What I want to address in my brief remarks today is one of the common  misconceptions that exist about the use of the Bible in our public  school classrooms. This is a very practical issue that many of us have  to address back home.   Earlier this year, Mr. Speaker, I joined with my good friend,  Louisiana Attorney General Jeff Landry, who is a former distinguished  Member of this body, to create this free joint publication that we  entitled, ``The Louisiana Student Rights Review: Answers to Common  Questions about Religious Freedom in Schools.'' Because there are so  many questions, we wanted to make a user-friendly guide for parents,  teachers, coaches, school administrators, and school systems around our  State to answer those frequently asked questions.   One of the big questions we answered for all those stakeholders,  interest groups, and students was this one, and it comes right out of  page 4 of our publication. It says: ``Can the Bible and other religious  texts be used appropriately in a public school classroom?''   This is the simple answer that we gave. We said: ``Yes.''   More than half a century ago, the U.S. Supreme Court clarified that  ``the Bible is worthy of study for its literary and historic  qualities,'' and that such study of the Bible or of religion, when  presented objectively as part of a secular program of education, is  perfectly lawful when relevant and appropriate to the subject matter of  the class.   We cited in here the Supreme Court cases that make that very clear.  There really isn't any legal ambiguity about this at all.   Unfortunately, there are a number of interest groups on the other  side of this issue that engage in a campaign of fear, misinformation,  and intimidation. They try to convince Americans and public school  children all across the country that religion is somehow a bad thing,  is off limits, and that you can't have your Bible on school campus, but  it is just simply not true.   Mr. Speaker, this is so important for everybody to understand.   Contrary to widespread belief, the Bible never has been banned from  public schools, and it is, indeed, an appropriate course of study,  especially to promote academic excellence and cultural literacy.   Here is the important point. The Dictionary of Cultural Literacy  observes this: ``No one in the English-speaking world can be considered  literate without a basic knowledge of the Bible. . . . The Bible is  essential for understanding many of the moral and spiritual values of  our culture, whatever our religious beliefs.''   That is precisely correct.   We should ask ourselves: How can students possibly be considered well  educated if they have no basic understanding of the Bible's profound  influence upon the development of our country, law, politics, culture,  literature, music, art, history, and virtually every aspect of Western  civilization?   When the Bible is removed from classrooms, it has the effect of  denying students a complete understanding of history. For this reason,  as a service to the next generation of Americans, every Member of this  body should strongly encourage the study of the Bible as an appropriate  part of the program of education in our public and private schools all  over this country. I certainly believe in that idea, and I know that  all my colleagues here today would agree wholeheartedly.   Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for arranging  this Special Order.   