 Mr. Speaker, I know I am not supposed  to be able to recognize people in the gallery because it is a breach of  the House rules, so I won't mention to the viewers that there are a lot  of students in the gallery today seeing the political process at work.   This is an opportunity for everyone to get to understand what it  means to affect public policy in this great country. We are glad. We  want to hear more from students throughout this Nation about what they  think our government can do to make this country better.   I just want to come here to talk about today being exactly a month  since a parent's worst nightmare came true for many in Parkland,  Florida: the school they send their kids to was attacked.   This issue is personal for me, as a parent and also as somebody who  has experienced gun violence on a baseball field less than a year ago.  I think about the same fear, the same smells, sounds, and now the same  healing process that those survivors will be going through. But I can  only imagine how processing those things as a teenager feels or the  pain that their parents, especially those who lost a child that day,  are feeling right now.   I believe the only reason all of us on that baseball field are still  here today is because we had someone there who was protecting us and  firing back. Boy, did David Bailey, Crystal Griner, and the Alexandria  Police fire back.   That doesn't mean I believe all schools need the same kind of  security measures, but I do believe all of our schools need to look  closely at their security protocols and policies, and Congress should  help them make the changes that they deem necessary.   There wasn't just one failure on February 14, and as such, there  can't be just one solution. This bill is one part of addressing this  issue, and it is something we can and should do right now.  [[Page H1566]]     This week, I met with Central A&M High  School in my district to discuss school safety and what they need to  make schools more secure. Following the tragedy at Parkland, they sent  a letter to parents and students. It had a line that stood out to me,  ``Safety is everybody's responsibility.''   They are right. Let's pass the STOP School Violence Act. It is only  part of the solution. There are other issues we still need to address.  But if you believe in helping to make our schools safer, you should  vote for this bipartisan bill.   