 Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of Ray Baum. I thank  the chairman for having this tonight because I think it is very, very  important to honor his life.   I was recently asked when I was back home what I liked best about  being a Member of Congress. It is always one of those questions I think  people think about, well, you are going to think about all the things  you do down here. It is not really about being a Member of Congress  down here. It is about the people you get to know, the people you get  to know at home, and it is also about the people you get to know here.   There are a lot of times that you don't always get to meet someone  like Ray, somebody who has that great public service instilled in him.  You meet these thousands of people, but you always had some people that  stand out; and that is Ray.   If I could, I would like to quote what the chairman said in his  release when Ray passed: ``Ray dedicated his life to public service,  first as an elected official and then as an adviser on Capitol Hill.   Our committee, the people of Oregon, and our country are better off  because of Ray's selfless service. Ray will be deeply missed, but he  will not be forgotten. The Energy and Commerce Committee will strive to  honor Ray's legacy of decency and kindness through our work, and, more  importantly, by following the example Ray set through the graciousness  and honor he showed every day.''   You heard Chairman Shimkus say the same thing.   You have to get things done around this place, and if you are always  going to sit in one corner and fold your arms and say, ``I am not going  to listen to anybody else,'' it is not going to get done.   But that was not Ray. He reached out, as the chairman mentioned and  as Chairman Shimkus also mentioned, that it is important to reach out  to work with people. I think that it was demonstrated by the pieces of  legislation that we got out.   Last year, he was an instrumental part of working with me and getting  out the SELF DRIVE Act. We have a lot of pieces of legislation that  come through, but the staff kept track. They said that we had over 300  meetings with staff and with Members in getting that bill out. It was a  bill that wasn't a Republican bill, and i wasn't a Democrat bill. It  was a bill that everyone worked together on.    I think it was important because Ray had a big hand in that. I sat  through a lot of meetings, and the staff sat through a lot more than I  did when you think about those 300. He was a guiding hand and a very  calm hand to get that bill out.   When you think about a piece of legislation of that magnitude, when  that bill came up for a committee vote, and not only for the chairman's  work, that bill went out 54-0, which is amazing for a bill of that size  and that magnitude and what it meant.   He was instrumental, I know when we sat down with our friends over in  the Senate in an early meeting talking about what they would be doing,  but he was very, very involved in it. But he was a very calming voice.   I wasn't privileged to know Ray when he began his long and  distinguished public career service out in Oregon, but, again, I got to  know him through his work on the committee. One of the things that I  think I can say is he was an incredible person to work with. He was a  gentleman, and he took time to listen and to analyze a problem. Around  this place, that doesn't happen all the time. Sometimes you jump out  there first, and then you think: What am I going to say? But Ray was  one of those individuals who really made sure that he was always  prepared. He was ready to go forward, and he was willing to listen.  [[Page H1116]]    I will never forget, years ago, I had a professor in college who  said: You always remember that God gave you two ears and one mouth; if  I have to explain that to you, you are going to have a hard time  understanding what you have to do more of. But that was listening, and  Ray listened.   He always gave you a straight answer. That is always important  because it is tough when you are working on legislation and you are  working on something, and you have to get an answer from somebody, and  they say: Well, let me think about that.   But Ray wasn't that way. He would sit down with you. He would work  with you. He would be up in my office; I would be down in his office.  He was always there to listen. He was always giving a recommendation,  and the end result was he was somebody who you could trust.   I also know this, he had the respect of the Energy and Commerce  Committee members. He also had the respect of the staff, Republicans  and Democrats alike.   He was kind, and he was thoughtful, too. Sometimes you hear staff say  that there are folks around here who don't treat them very well. He  wasn't one of those individuals.   He is going to be missed; and it is not often that you are privileged  to meet someone like him or to work with someone like him of his  caliber and one who always believed in putting public service above  self.   To his wife and family, you are in my prayers.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Walden for this opportunity.   