 Mr. President, David Sneddon was a 24-year-old Brigham Young  University student who tragically vanished while traveling in the  Yunnan Province of China in August of 2004. After a cursory  investigation, Chinese officials concluded that David must have died  while hiking alone through Tiger Leaping Gorge, but the officials'  story didn't add up.  [[Page S7247]]    For starters, David was an avid and experienced hiker, unlikely to  make a mistake that would have led to his death on the trail. Over 14  years later, a body has never been found. David's family retraced his  steps and found eyewitnesses that both interacted with him on the trail  and saw him in a Chinese city at the end of the hiking route,  suggesting that he made it safely through the other side of the gorge.   In fact, there is much evidence to suggest that the North Korean  government was responsible for David's disappearance.   For starters, he was traveling near the so-called Asian Underground  Railroad, a network of mostly Christian missionaries who help North  Korean defectors flee to safety. North Korean agents are known to  operate along the route, ruthlessly hunting down defectors and  returning them to execution or permanent captivity on the gulag  peninsula of North Korea.   Second, David was last seen leaving a Korean restaurant. Korean  restaurants are reportedly used as outposts for North Korean espionage  and illicit enterprise.   Finally, and perhaps most tellingly, 1 month before David's  disappearance, North Korea took the rare step of releasing an American  captive, 64-year-old Charles Jenkins. North Korea forced Jenkins to  teach English to its spies at a military university during his almost  40-year captivity. After his release, the regime would have needed a  substitute teacher.   David Sneddon, unfortunately, would perfectly fit the bill. A highly  educated Asian languages major, he spoke fluent Korean and was learning  Mandarin.   Subsequent intelligence from inside North Korea has strongly  supported these facts. David Sneddon was taken by the North Korean  regime in 2004. He likely has been held captive in that country ever  since.   I, along with my colleagues Senators Hatch, Coons, Fischer, Sasse,  Rubio, Flake, Gardner, and Sullivan have introduced a resolution  expressing our grave concern about the disappearance of David Sneddon.   Our resolution directs the State Department and intelligence  community to investigate all plausible explanations for David's  disappearance including abduction by North Korea. Further, it  encourages them to reinvigorate diplomatic efforts and work closely  with our allies in the region.   Lastly, it calls upon the State Department and intelligence community  to continue to work with and inform Congress and the Sneddon family on  efforts to recover David and resolve his disappearance.   We owe it to David, who had his whole life ahead of him before  setting out to hike the Tiger Leaping Gorge on that fateful day in  August 2004. We owe to the Sneddon family, who have waited, prayed, and  tirelessly advocated for his safe recovery.   I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this resolution.   