 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer my support for H.R.  4771, the Small Bank Holding Company Relief Act. This bill is another  example of the rollback of burdensome regulations of the Dodd-Frank  Act, which Barney Frank himself says missed the mark, particularly with  respect to small banks.   I appreciate the Member opposed calling attention to Democrats who  have worked across the aisle to benefit community banks. In fact, 11 of  them support this bill in our committee, and I appreciate them for  doing that. I appreciate the cosponsors who are Democrats, who worked  across the aisle with my colleague, Mrs. Love, to pass this good bill  through our committee, and I look forward to seeing more colleagues  pass this in a bipartisan way across the floor of the House today.   How about giving small institutions a chance to start taking back  some of their market share? Instead of too big to fail, what Dodd-Frank  has done is made things so that small banks are too small to succeed.  These exemptions that are in this bill make it easier for small bank  holding companies to raise capital, to issue debt.   Under the current capital requirements, small businesses just can't  compete with the larger banks, and the large banks have celebrated this  in their own statements, celebrating the effect of Dodd-Frank in  protecting their market share and helping them grow it.   Under current capital requirements, that is what we have seen: bigger  banks getting bigger, and smaller banks getting fewer. We need to give  community banks the ability to breathe from the regulatory burden that  has been shoved down their throats. And if you want to make big banks  smaller, you can try to regulate them more, but we have demonstrated  that is their competitive advantage.   Frankly, all benchmarks are easier to audit. Just picking a number  here in D.C. is easier to audit, and this is a compromise to what would  be a good solution to look at systemic risk.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    We are losing nearly one community bank a day, and that  is having a devastating impact on local businesses and communities. I  urge all of our colleagues to support H.R. 4771.   