 Mr. President, today is a momentous one in the  Capitol because the students of America are giving us a real life  lesson in the American Constitution. Their energy and passion are a  civics lesson for America. What a proud and wonderful moment today is  for our democracy. It is sad--indeed, tragic--that this lesson must  concern gun violence that has taken such a devastating toll, most  recently in Parkland, FL, but literally that toll is true of America  every day. We can never become numb to the catastrophic costs of gun  violence in America today.   I have the honor to read the names of some of those victims of gun  violence; indeed, the Sandy Hook victims. Their deaths are still in our  hearts. Their lives are still with us. Their memories are alive today.  My friendships with their loved ones, particularly their parents,  inspire me to continue this fight against gun violence in America.  Their courage and strength have inspired so many of us in this country,  and their names deserve to be remembered and read again in this  Chamber.   Noah Pozner, age 6; Charlotte Bacon, age 6; Jack Pinto, age 6; Olivia  Engel, age 6; Dylan Hockley, age 6; Catherine Hubbard, age 6; Avielle  Richman, age 6; Jessica Rekos, age 6; James Mattioli, age 6; Josephine  Gay, age 7; Caroline Previdi, age 6; Benjamin Wheeler, age 6; Chase  Kowalski, age 6; Ana Marquez-Greene, age 6; Grace McDonnell, age 7;  Emilie Parker, age 6; Madeleine Hsu, age 6; Allison Wyatt, age 6;  Daniel Barden, age 7; Jesse Lewis, age 6. And their teachers: Victoria  Soto, age 27; Lauren Rousseau, age 30; Anne Marie Murphy, age 52;  Rachel D'Avino, age 29; Mary Sherlach, their psychologist, age 56; Dawn  Lafferty Hochsprung, the principal of the school, age 47.   All of them died in December of 2012. All of them will be remembered  not only on this day but forever, not only in Connecticut but around  the world. We must always keep them in our hearts as a reason to keep  this fight against gun violence going.   In the hearing presently underway in the Judiciary Committee, as I  speak, there is testimony from members of the government investigative  agencies which have responsibility for stopping gun violence. My fear  is, this hearing will be an excuse for inaction and continued  complicity by Congress in the failure to act. The complicity in those  deaths is on our hands in this body by failing to take action.   There are actions we can take that will help to save lives-- commonsense, sensible action--that Congress has failed to take:  universal background checks, ban on assault weapons and high-capacity  magazines, a red flag statute that will prevent people who are  dangerous to themselves or others from having or buying guns. Many of  these measures are bipartisan, and we can come together with the lesson  from the students and young people who are in the streets coming to the  Capitol today. That lesson should be a reminder that the right side of  history is in favor of preventing gun violence.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   