 Mr. President, I will be brief and speak briefly in my  capacity as vice chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee. There  are things here that could be exciting to talk about, and some things  are kind of dry, but when we talk about the budget, the consequences  affect every single one of us, in every single State, and for multiple  generations.   The consequences of the Budget Control Act sequestration cuts since  2011 have been devastating and are going to last for generations. Its  impact on military readiness led Defense Secretary Mattis to say that  no enemy on the field has done more harm to our military than what we  have done to ourselves through sequestration. By not investing in our  domestic priorities, we allowed our infrastructure to crumble, care to  our veterans to be delayed, and investments in education to fall  behind.   The bipartisan budget deal announced yesterday by Senator McConnell  and Senator Schumer is the first step toward providing much-needed  relief from sequestration and stability in the appropriations process.   I have followed very carefully what they have been doing. My staff,  especially on the Appropriations Committee, has been very much  involved. Defense caps have been increased by $80 billion in fiscal  year 2018 and $85 billion in fiscal year 2019. Nondefense caps are  increased by $63 billion above the caps in fiscal year 2018 and $68  billion above the caps in fiscal year 2019. Those are the numbers.  Let's look at a couple of things these numbers mean.   This additional funding will allow us to increase support our troops,  improve care for our veterans, repair our crumbling infrastructure,  take care of our seniors, and invest in our economy in real ways.   This bipartisan deal we have worked out--and I stress that it is  bipartisan--advances our priorities by guaranteeing that we can make  real investments in addressing the opioid crisis. We can all give  speeches about the opioid crisis, but speeches don't solve the problem.  Actually putting money in there to fund the necessary resources does.    It lets us fund medical research. Keep in mind that we can't turn  medical research on and off. We can't say: Oh, you are making great  steps in cancer research, but I will stop it for a few years, and then  we will come back with money. You have to continue it.   It is also going to improve college affordability. Everywhere I go in  Vermont, I hear people say: I haven't been able to buy a house because  I have had to borrow so much money for college.   I am particularly pleased that the bill includes an important  provision I worked on with my colleague and the chairman, Senator  Cochran, which is going to improve assistance to our Nation's dairy and  cotton farmers. In  [[Page S807]]  Vermont and across the country, it is going to mean immediate relief  for struggling dairy farmers who can't wait for the next farm bill for  assistance. We will work on these problems in the next farm bill, but  in the meantime, until that farm bill comes, we need some immediate  assistance.   This deal finally fulfills our promise to communities recovering from  recent natural disasters--from wildfires out West, to the shores of  Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, Texas, and Florida--by  providing $89 billion to help them rebuild. States in the West, Puerto  Rico, Virgin Islands, Texas, and Florida are all part of the United  States. Just as Vermont sought help when we were hit just a few years  ago by a natural disaster and others came to our aid, people I talked  with in Vermont say: Of course, we help others in our country.   The agreement also provides continued funding for several healthcare  programs that Congress has allowed to expire. We include long overdue  funding for community health centers, which have been struggling  because of the uncertainty of continued funding for months. Now they  will have some certainty.   The bipartisan agreement funds the Special Diabetes Program to make  advancements in Type I diabetes. It ensures ambulances can continue to  serve rural areas and closes the Medicare Part D coverage gap by 2019.  It continues the maternal health home visiting program and permanently  repeals the Medicare Therapy Cap, allowing Medicare beneficiaries the  certainty of therapy services after an accident or a stroke without an  arbitrary cap on coverage. And the bill extends funding for the  Children's Health Insurance Program for an additional 4 years, ensuring  children and their families can benefit from the program for the next  10 years.   I am pleased that this deal finally extends tax provisions, many of  which lapsed in 2016, that will benefit individuals and small  businesses. Inexplicably, the $1.5 trillion Republican tax bill left  these important credits orphaned when they passed their corporate tax  bill. With this deal, we finally restore them.   Now, not everything I wanted was included in this deal. I see my  friend from Texas, a member of the leadership. Not everything he wanted  is in here. That is why we have a compromise. Nobody gets everything  they want, but we are a lot better off than we were.   I worry about the fact that it does not provide protection for our  Nation's Dreamers. These are law-abiding strivers who call America home  and seek nothing more than to contribute to our society. They are  individuals like Dr. Juan Conde of Vermont, who came to the United  States as a child and is studying to treat cancer patients at the  Larner College of Medicine at the University of Vermont. Do we tell him  to leave, a man who might be part of those who find a cure for cancer?   I recently wrote a letter to the editor of a newspaper in Vermont.  They had talked about the stone carvers in Vermont, and I had talked  about one stone carver in my letter. My maternal grandfather emigrated  from Italy to Vermont. He was a master stone carver from the Friuli  region, near the Aviano Air Base in northern Italy, and he talked about  the business he started. My mother was then born in South Ryegate, VT.  My great-grandparents came to central Vermont from Ireland, on my  paternal grandparents' side. My grandfather, after whom I am named,  Patrick Leahy, was also a stone carver. I never knew him because, like  so many, he died of silicosis of the lungs when my father was a young  teenager, but I am proud to be named after him. My wife Marcelle's  parents emigrated from Canada. She was born in Vermont and became a  medical surgical nurse.   Now, everybody in these families added to and improved our State of  Vermont. We must realize that immigrants bring diversity, strength, and  skills to our country and make us greater. So when we talk about the  Dreamers, we shouldn't forsake their cause. Their cause is our cause.  Their dreams are part of the American dreams of my grandparents and my  parents-in-law. Those dreams are a part of our American dreams. So we  have to continue to work to get legislation passed to protect them.   Leader McConnell has given his word that he will allow votes on  legislation the hundreds of thousands of Dreamers. I can assure you  that the American people expect him to keep his word.   I am also disappointed the agreement does not include the CREATES  Act, a bipartisan solution to lowering the cost of prescription drugs  by prohibiting the anticompetitive behavior that keeps generic drugs  from entering the market. We can all agree that high drug prices are a  problem, as President Trump noted in his State of the Union Address,  and the CREATES Act offers a commonsense, bipartisan way forward. I  hope the Senate passes this important legislation soon   As I said, the agreement does not contain everything I would like.  Very little I have seen in legislation does contain everything I want.  But, on balance, it is a good bill for the American people. It allows  us to complete the 2018 appropriations process. Through what we call  regular order, we can have a real debate on the fiscal year 2019 bills.  We will start working on those next week.   So I thank Senator McConnell, and I thank Senator Schumer for their  hard work in coming to this agreement. I work almost daily with both of  them. I know how hard it was. Compromise is not always easy. Often, it  is not popular. Well, nobody came here thinking everything was going to  be easy, and, if they do, they don't belong in the Senate. You should  be here to be a legislator.   I encourage all Senators: Help us pass this bipartisan deal. Allow  the Senate Appropriations Committee to resume its work, and we will  next week. I hope the House will do the same before tonight's midnight  deadline.   I will continue, as I have, working with my friend Chairman Cochran  in the coming weeks, as I will with all Republicans and all Democrats  on the Senate Appropriations Committee. This agreement will finally let  us do the job we are supposed to.   Mr. President, I see the Senator from Texas. I yield to him.   