 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be recognized  for up to 10 minutes.    Mr. President, I would like to take a moment to speak in  support of two pieces of legislation I introduced that are included in  the continuing resolution we will vote on today: the Social Impact  Partnerships to Pay for Results Act and the Modernizing the Interstate  Placement of Children in Foster Care Act. Both of these bills are very  important to Hoosiers, and I am glad we will finally see them become  law after 6 years of working in a bipartisan way to get them across the  finish line.   Let me tell you why these two measures are so important to Hoosiers  and really to all Americans. The Social Impact Partnerships to Pay for  Results Act empowers our public and private sectors to implement  evidence-based social and public health interventions to address some  of our Nation's most pressing social challenges.   America has a celebrated and vibrant civil society. We have a history  of not turning first to government to solve some of our thorniest  social and public health challenges but instead turning to our  neighbors, turning to our local communities, perhaps our local not-for- profit groups or our community heroes, and we discover that oftentimes  they are better situated to address these thorny challenges than are  government programs. That is not to suggest in the slightest that  government doesn't have a very important role in addressing these broad  social challenges. Government can indeed make a difference but so can  these other organizations.   We have a growing evidence base without any partisan tinge to it. It  is broadly agreed that we have a growing evidence base of those things  that are working to address challenges such as homelessness, asthma in  low-income communities, and getting the long-term unemployed back into  the workforce. Name the social ill, and there is likely a not-for- profit group or even a for-profit group in each of our individual  States which is making a meaningful difference on this front.   The challenge is, how do we scale up these evidence-based  interventions in an era of scarce resources? Well, because social  impact partnerships are focused on achieving results, taxpayer money is  only paid out when desired outcomes are met. Government payments are  made possible because when we really help somebody, when we really are  able to help them achieve their goals and turn around their lives, that  frees up government money. So we use those avoided costs and future  government savings to pay back those who invest in scaling up things  that really work to improve lives.   Let me give an example of what has also been called pay for success.  There is a service in Indianapolis that connects registered nurses with  low-income pregnant women. The Nurse-Family Partnership helps ensure  both mom and baby are healthy throughout the pregnancy and through the  infant's life. They hit specific metrics that save the Federal  Government money. Under this legislation, a philanthropic organization  like Indiana's Lilly Endowment could invest in the Nurse-Family  Partnership to scale up their work. As long as the metrics continue to  be met, as long as success is achieved, the investor is paid a return  out of those future government savings.   It makes a whole lot of sense, which is why it passed unanimously out  of the House of Representatives previously and why I believe it will be  passed into law after passing this Chamber and be signed into law by  the President in the coming days.   Social impact partnerships address our moral responsibilities to  ensure that social programs actually improve recipients' lives and do  so in a fiscally prudent manner. They also respond to the imperative of  improving our economic health by harnessing the capabilities of every  able-bodied citizen.   We ought to be treating every American like they are an asset to be  realized, not a liability to be written off, not a consumer of programs  but somebody with real potential. We want every American to achieve  their full human potential.   To recap, who is going to benefit? Well, the recipients of these  services, through the public-private partnership, will benefit--the  least among us--taxpayers will benefit, and every American will benefit  as our communities become strengthened, as more enter the workforce, as  public health is improved, and so forth.   The next bipartisan measure, which I expect to get across the finish  line today, is the Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in  Foster Care Act. This bill expedites the time it takes to place  children into loving homes, and we will see why it is so important and  so timely that we pass this legislation today as well.   Thousands of children in my State of Indiana have lost loving parents  to opioid addiction. I have seen it up close and personal. I used to  represent Scott County, IN. This was ground zero in our State for the  opioid epidemic. It made national news, not in a good way. So many good  people have been adversely impacted in this community, and I know there  are communities like this across the country that are being impacted to  varying degrees by the opioid crisis. I fear that if we do nothing, we  will lose thousands in the next generation as well.   Modernizing the outdated interstate child placement process is one of  a number of proposals that are urgently needed. This legislation will  incentivize States to connect to an electronic interstate case- processing system that has already achieved substantial reductions in  the time it takes to place these children into homes.   Frankly, before I dove into this, I just assumed that our foster care  system was digitized; that it had found its way into the 21st century;  that we weren't using paper files that were being mailed back and forth  several times to process adoptions, especially under these very trying  circumstances, but that is not the case. We need to make sure a child  will spend less time being shuffled from foster home to foster home,  and this legislation will achieve that.   We need to make sure a situation where children are taken in and out  of school without a set routine is put to an end. For children caught  up in a system struggling to meet community needs, we should do  everything possible to get them immediately placed in a setting that is  best for them, regardless of State boundary lines.   In summary, these bipartisan, bicameral bills were developed over 6  years, beginning during my time in the House of Representatives. I  consulted with key stakeholders to make sure there would be broad  support, and  [[Page S797]]  there is. I have had countless discussions with Hoosiers and other  experts about how to tackle these challenges.   The continuing resolution we will vote on today isn't perfect. I  remain concerned about our spending levels, and I maintain that we need  to take long-term action for the fiscal health of our country. However,  with our commitment to our military and the inclusion of these two  important pieces of legislation, I will be voting for the CR for the  good of all Hoosier children, families, and communities.   I yield the floor.   