 Mr. President, I am here for what I hope will be the last  time to talk about a subject I have come to the floor and discussed  virtually every week we have been here since I went and visited a man  who has been in a Turkish prison since October 7, 2016.   His name is Andrew Brunson. He is a Presbyterian minister from North  Carolina who, in 2016, under emergency orders in Turkey, President  Erdogan ended up ordering the arrest of a number of people, many of  whom I think were probably involved in the illegal coup attempt.   To the extent that evidence demonstrates they were, they should be  held accountable for their actions, but, unfortunately, thousands of  people--journalists, people of faith, and a number of other people who  were in the wrong place at the wrong time, like a NASA scientist who  already spent 2\1/2\ years in prison--were also arrested. They were  also put in prison.   In the case of Pastor Brunson, he spent almost 17 months in a Turkish  prison, in a cell designed for 8 people that had 21 people in it. None  of the others were even English-speaking. Then, about 17 months into  it, he had an indictment against him. It was about a 70-page document.  It is a document I have read. Quite honestly, I don't think a first- year law student or a magistrate anywhere would consider the  allegations in this indictment as worthy of any prosecution--certainly  not enough to keep somebody in our U.S. justice system in prison  overnight, let alone now 734 days.   The 2-year anniversary was just on Sunday. I called Pastor Brunson  Sunday morning to speak with him, to see how he is doing and how his  wife Noreen is doing. Noreen has been in the country the whole time  because she is afraid that if she leaves the country, they will not let  her come back.   After the last hearing, the Turkish officials allowed Pastor Brunson  to be placed under house arrest. He can't leave his house. He has an  electric monitor, but the fact is, he is still incarcerated. He is  still worried about the very real possibility that he could be  convicted for up to 35 years in prison.   The reason I hope this is the last speech I have to give is, tomorrow  is what many of us believe may be the last time that he is in a  courtroom. I hope President Erdogan and their justice system find  justice for Pastor Brunson. What that justice looks like to me,  regardless of whatever conclusion the Turkish courts draw--innocence or  guilt--is that they simply complete the judicial process in Turkey and  return Pastor Brunson and his wife Noreen back to the United States,  most likely back to Western North Carolina.   I visited Pastor Brunson in a Turkish prison about 6 months ago,  after I heard he was concerned that once the indictment was issued  against him, the American people would read that indictment and just  forget about him. It was important for me to go to Turkey, to go to  that Turkish prison just outside of Izmir, Turkey--one of the major  cities in Turkey--and look him eye to eye and say: I will never forget  you.   Since that meeting, and after that meeting in prison, we had some 70  Members of the U.S. Senate from both sides of the aisle sign on to a  letter to send a very clear message to Pastor Brunson that we are not  going to forget him and also a very clear message to Turkey that there  will be a consequence if we have a miscarriage of justice in this case.   I went back to the Turkish courtroom almost 2 months after I met him  in prison, and I saw firsthand how the Turkish justice system works. It  is not like ours, which is largely devoid of any political influence or  what I view as completely devoid of political influence. The President  can't call a judge and tell them to put their thumb on the scale of  justice here in the United States, but sometimes it looks that way in  Turkey.   I am asking President Erdogan, the Turkish judiciary, the Foreign  Ministers, and the others I have spoken with over the past several  months: Please, let's have justice for Pastor Brunson. Regardless of  what the outcome is tomorrow in the courts, get him home. I hope that  happens tomorrow or early next week.   If, on the other hand, his hearing is continued again or he is found  guilty and is likely to be sentenced to 35 years, I will have to take a  different tack--a tack very similar to what we took in putting a  provision in the National Defense Authorization Act, really questioning  our long-term relationship with Turkey in terms of sharing technology  with the Joint Strike Fighter. When we went through that process, we  identified a number of other measures where I believe we can get strong  support in the House and Senate that would take our relationship with  Turkey in the wrong direction.   I want Turkey to be a strong NATO ally. I want Turkey to be a strong  trading partner. I want the Turkish people to have a vibrant economy,  but at the end of the day, I will have to be motivated to convince the  Members of Congress and the President, who has been very helpful to  this point, and Secretary of State Pompeo that absent a just outcome  for Pastor Brunson, we will have to take a look at how we can continue  to fight for justice. I sincerely hope I will never have to go down  that path.   Over the next 24 hours, Pastor Brunson is scheduled to be in a  courtroom--within about the next 16 hours. I hope the American people  will keep him in their prayers. I hope the Turkish people and the  Turkish leadership will do the right thing--and the right thing is  having Pastor Brunson and Noreen come home.   Thank you.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   