 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Idaho, and I  appreciate his remarks. I also thank the chairman of the Armed Services  Committee from Texas.   Let me point out that in the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review, Secretary  James Mattis conducted a very clear-eyed assessment of nuclear threats.  He said: ``We must look reality in the eye and see the world as it is,  not as we wish it to be.''   As has been pointed out, Russia has hundreds and hundreds--actually,  thousands--of low-yield nuclear weapons, including nuclear artillery  shells, nuclear land mines, nuclear torpedoes, and others that they  have announced. Russia regularly trains with its ``escalate-to- deescalate'' doctrine, which they believe will force the U.S. to  surrender early in a conflict.   Under James Mattis, the Nuclear Posture Review rightly says:  ``Correcting this mistaken Russian perception is a strategic  imperative.''   Also, dozens of current and former defense officials and military  officers  [[Page H4944]]  have confirmed that this lower-yield weapon is necessary to enhance  deterrence.   Here is President Obama's last Secretary of Defense, Ashton Carter:  ``My views are reflected in the latest NPR,'' Nuclear Posture Review,  where he agrees with this doctrine.   So that is the last two Secretaries of Defense from two different  political parties and from two different administrations--very  different administrations, I might add--and they are in full agreement  that we need to do this for U.S. capability to stop Russian potential  aggression.   The amendment should be rejected. The agenda behind the amendment is  totally outside the bipartisan mainstream of serious national security  leaders like Secretary James Mattis and Secretary Ashton Carter.   As has been said, I would remind my colleagues that this House has  already debated this issue in the fiscal year 2019 NDAA we passed 2  weeks ago by a vote of 351-66--about a six-to-one ratio--and we  rejected similar amendments at that time.   So I would urge my colleagues to vote no on this amendment.   