 Madam President, first let me thank the Republican  leader for his comments and his work these past several months. We have  worked well together for the good of the American people. We had  serious disagreements, but instead of just going to our own separate  corners, we came together with an agreement that is very good for the  American people and recognizes needs that both sides of the aisle  proffered.   I am pleased to announce that we have reached a 2-year budget deal to  lift the spending caps for defense and urgent domestic priorities far  above current spending levels. There are one or two final details to  work out, but all the principles of the agreement are in place. The  budget deal doesn't have everything Democrats want, and it doesn't have  everything Republicans want, but it has a great deal of what the  American people want.   After months of legislative logjams, this budget deal is a genuine  breakthrough. After months of fiscal brinksmanship, this budget deal is  the first real sprout of bipartisanship, and it should break the long  cycle of spending crises that have snarled this Congress and hampered  our middle class.   This budget deal will benefit our country in so many ways. Our men  and women in uniform represent the very best of America. This budget  gives our fighting forces the resources they need to keep our country  safe, and I want to join the Republican leader in saluting Senator  McCain. We wish he were here because he has fought so valiantly and so  long for a good agreement for the Armed Forces.   The budget will also benefit many Americans here at home: folks  caught in the grip of opioid addiction, veterans waiting in line to get  healthcare, students shouldering crippling college debt, middle-class  families drowning under the cost of childcare, rural Americans lacking  access to high-speed internet, hard-working pensioners watching their  retirements slip away. Democrats have been fighting for the past year  for these Americans and their priorities. We have always said that we  need to increase defense spending for our Armed Forces, but we also  need to increase the kinds of programs the middle class so needs and  depends on. It is our job as Americans, as Senators, to make sure that  middle-class people can live a life of decency and dignity so that they  can keep in their hearts the American belief that their kids will live  a better life than they do. In this budget, we have moved, for the  first time in a long time, a good deal forward on those issues.   Alongside the increase in defense spending, the budget deal will lift  funding for domestic programs by $131 billion. It will fully repeal the  domestic sequester caps while securing $57 billion in additional  funding, including $6 billion to fight against the opioid and mental  health crises; $5.8 billion for the bipartisan child care and  development block grant; $4 billion to rebuild and improve veterans  hospitals and clinics; $2 billion for critical research at the National  Institutes of Health; $20 billion to augment our existing  infrastructure programs, including surface transportation, rural water  and wastewater, clean and safe drinking water, rural broadband so  desperately needed in large parts of rural America, and energy  infrastructure; and $4 billion for college affordability, including  programs that help police officers, teachers, firefighters.   The deal also boosts several healthcare programs that we care a lot  about in this country. An increase in funding for community health  centers, which serve 26.5 million Americans, is included. My friends  Senators Murray, Tester, Sanders, and many others have been champions  for these community health centers. I want to thank them for the hard  work they have put in to get this done. The Children's Health Insurance  Program will be extended for an additional 4 years. Credit is due to  our ranking member, Senator Wyden, for his effort for this extension.  American families with children who benefit from CHIP will now be able  to rest easy for the next decade.   Seniors caught in the Medicare Part D doughnut hole will also benefit  from this bill, which eases the coverage gap next year, helping  thousands, millions of seniors afford prescription drugs. We have  waited long for this. Rural hospitals that struggle, seniors, children,  and safety net healthcare providers will benefit from a package of  health tax extenders as well.   On the pension issue, Democrats secured a special select committee  that must report a legislative fix to the problem by December 2018.  Millions of pensioners--teamsters, carpenters, miners, bakery workers,  and so many more--are staring down cuts to their hard-earned pensions.  They didn't do anything to cause those cuts. Their livelihoods are  staked to these pensions. We ought to make sure that they get every  penny they earned. We Democrats would have liked to take up and pass  the Butch Lewis Act. We couldn't reach an agreement to do that, but now  we have a process and potentially the means and motivation to get it  done. There were so many Senators, led by Senator Brown, who are  responsible for this. I want to acknowledge him and Senators Casey,  Stabenow, Manchin, Klobuchar, Baldwin, McCaskill, Donnelly, and  Heitkamp, who worked so long and hard on pensions.   The budget deal also includes long-awaited disaster relief for Texas,  Louisiana, Florida, the Western States, Puerto Rico, and the U.S.  Virgin Islands. Many of these places are still taking their first steps  on the long march to recovery. Much of Puerto Rico and the Virgin  Islands remains damaged and in the dark. This recovery aid could not  have come a moment too soon. Senator Nelson worked very hard for both  Florida and Puerto Rico relief, as did so many others in this Chamber.   I would also like to thank our ranking member on the Appropriations  Committee, Senator Leahy, who worked so diligently with his staff and  his ranking members on these issues, as well as Senator Murray, who has  been our beacon on health issues, where we have made real progress  today.   The budget deal is a win for the American people. It will also do so  much good for our military and for so many middle-class Americans and  finally consign the arbitrary and pointless sequester caps to the ash  heap of history.   A final point: Our work here in Congress on this budget deal between  the Republican leader and me, between the Senate and the House was  completed without a great deal of help from the White House. While  President Trump threatened shutdowns and stalemates, congressional  leaders have done the hard work of finding compromise and consensus. It  has been a painstaking and months-long process. It has required  concessions, sometimes painful, by both sides. But at the end of the  day, I believe we have reached a budget deal that neither side loves  but both sides can be proud of. That is compromise; that is governing.  That is what we should be doing more of in this body, and it is my  sincere hope that the Republican leader and I will continue to work  together in this way to get things done for the American people.   Now, of course, we must finish the job. Later this week, let's pass  this budget into law, alongside an extension of government funding. I  hope the House will follow suit and President Trump will sign it. I  also hope that Speaker Ryan will do what Senator McConnell has agreed  to do--allow a fair and open process to debate a Dreamers bill on the  House floor.   This budget deal will be the best thing we have done for our economy,  our military, and our middle class for a long time.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Minnesota.   