 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the opioid epidemic is a national crisis.  It has destroyed lives, torn apart families, and strained community  resources.   Since the year 2000, more than 300,000 people in the United States  have died from opioid overdoses. Congress is aggressively working to  combat this problem by expanding prevention efforts, empowering law  enforcement, and increasing access to treatment. We passed the  Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, the 21st Century CURES Act,  and the Bipartisan Budget Act to improve the tools and resources  available to fight this epidemic, and we have another opportunity to  continue turning the tide with passage of the Opioid Crisis Response  Act of 2018.   Last week, I met Arkansans who are on the frontlines of this battle.  They have seen the destruction caused by opioids in our schools, our  hospitals, and the judicial system. The individuals I spoke with agree  that more resources are needed in this fight. That is what the Opioid  Crisis Response Act will deliver. This comprehensive package covers a  wide range of avenues to attack this problem and get individuals the  help and support they need to recover. This includes prevention,  treatment, additional law enforcement tools, and expanding research  into nonaddictive pain treatments.   I appreciate the leadership of my colleagues on the HELP, Finance,  Judiciary, and Commerce Committees to advance this important  legislation that is necessary to address the ever-growing opioid  crisis.   The legislation expands a grant program to train our first responders  administering naloxone, the drug that  [[Page S6161]]  can be used to block the effects of opioids and prevent deaths from an  overdose.   In Arkansas, this is having a very positive impact. Since 2017, the  Arkansas naloxone project has trained more than 3,300 first responders  to administer the drug. This effort has saved at least 142 lives. The  program continues to grow. It is working. Other States can replicate  the success we have seen in Arkansas by using grant funds to train  first responders.   Not only does this legislation help those already impacted by the  crisis, it also aims to stop even more dangerous drugs, like fentanyl,  from getting into the country in the first place by improving detection  of prohibited drugs being illegally imported through the mail.   These provisions are just a small piece of the puzzle. Together, with  other measures in this bill, we can make a real difference and change  the conversations we have around opioid abuse and addiction to focus  not on the lives taken but on the lives which are being saved. The  comprehensive response to the crisis shows how committed we are as a  nation to combating opioid addiction.   I applaud the U.S. Department of Agriculture with this week's  announcement of its partnership with communities across the country to  fight the opioid epidemic in rural America, including Newport, AR. In  Newport, USDA is investing more than $150,000 to convert the former  Jackson County Jail into the White River Women's Shelter. This facility  will help individuals recover from opioid misuse, and provide  prevention, recovery, and treatment services to combat the opioid  epidemic in the region.   We all have a stake in this fight. If individuals are living  healthier lives, they will be able to be more productive citizens and  help the community thrive. The Opioid Crisis Response Act of 2018 will  aid us in this effort.   I look forward to the Senate passage of this bill and President Trump  signing it into law so we can reverse opioid abuse statistics.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   