 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, as cochairman with Frank LoBiondo in our  bipartisan Congressional Lung Cancer Caucus, and Frank LoBiondo is a  cosponsor of this amendment, I want to begin by expressing our  appreciation for making this amendment in order and our additional  appreciation for Chairman Granger and Ranking Member Visclosky for the  tremendous work that they do, and the great respect we also have for  the ranking member and the chairman of the committee, who I see here  today, Rodney Frelinghuysen.   Simply stated, this measure would add $6 million to lung cancer  research under the Defense Health Program.   In so doing, we would be increasing this amount for this important  and worthwhile research from $14 million back to the original $20  million figure that had been appropriated back in 2009.   In that regard, it is worth noting that were we to factor this for  inflation, we would have to be asking for $23.5 million to match the  buying power of $20 million that this would bring us up to today.   To put my amendment in perspective, a recent study at Walter Reed  Medical Center found that treating lung cancer in active military  soldiers and veterans every year costs roughly $564 million, treating  our veterans.   According to that same study, our veterans are 75 percent more likely  to develop some form of lung cancer than those people who do not serve  in our military.   Clearly, with some additional research to find cures and better  treatments for this, there are not only enormous dollars to be saved,  but more importantly, lives to be saved. That's an important message to  our veterans in how we value their service and the risks, the great  risks, that they take in serving and in protecting us.   So I hope my colleagues would agree that a modest increase in cancer  research funding to the $20 million figure next year is more than  reasonable. It's a sound and necessary investment in public dollars,  and an important message to the men and women who serve in our  military.   And make no mistake, those extra funds would make an enormous  difference in battling lung cancer, which, by the way, takes more lives  than all of the other cancers combined. So it is a disease that  obviously, as I said, affects our military, but it kills 159,000 people  every year.   As many of you know, my daughter, Katherine, was diagnosed with a  very advanced stage IV lung cancer some 3 years ago. I thank all of my  colleagues for their prayers. I would also be remiss if I didn't say  thank you to the many colleagues on both sides of the aisle, not a day  goes by but one of you haven't expressed your concern, asked about her  well-being, and told me of your continued prayers and hopes for  success. And I am here to tell you she is doing well. We have great  hope for her in the future, in no small measure due to the prayers, the  careful thoughts, and the advances in research, so many of which are  coming down the road, in offering her and so many others so much hope.   So I hope we can give many others that same great hope through these  additional research dollars.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   