 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for  up to 20 minutes as in morning business.    Mr. President, the big oil companies--particularly  Exxon, Shell, BP, and Chevron--want us to believe they have turned over  a new leaf, that they are finally in favor of climate action. All four  of them claimed to support the Paris Agreement, and Exxon, Shell, and  BP all claim to support putting a price on carbon emissions--a price  that would reflect the costs of the damage climate change inflicts on  the environment, the economy, and public health.   For example, this is on Exxon's website: ``ExxonMobil believes a  revenue-neutral carbon tax would be a more effective policy option  than. . . .''  [[Page S5482]]  and it lists other options. ``A properly designed carbon tax can be  predictable, transparent, and comparatively simple to understand and  implement.''   So it looks as if they are supporting a properly designed carbon tax,  but is that support for pricing carbon emissions real, or is it just  PR, just greenwashing by companies desperate to improve their images?  Well, Senator Schatz and I introduced a carbon price bill in 2014 to  put a fee on products that produce carbon dioxide emissions, and we  have reintroduced it in every Congress since. If the oil companies  really supported putting a price on carbon emissions, you would think  they might have come to see us, the authors of that carbon price bill.  You would think that if the oil companies really supported putting a  price on carbon emissions, they might have supported our bill or  lobbied other Senators to support it or even come to us to say: You  know, we would like to support your bill, but you need to change this  or that.   Well, they have done none of that. Despite their public-facing  pronouncements on a carbon fee or tax, as they call it, we have had no  visits from oil company representatives to our offices to work on this  bill, no support for our bill--or any other--no lobbying to help or  amend our bill. Nothing. Zero. Zilch. Nada.   Meanwhile, back at the ranch, the giant trade associations these oil  companies fund--the American Petroleum Institute, the U.S. Chamber of  Commerce, and the National Association of Manufacturers--are all  working hard to ensure that Republicans oppose carbon pricing and,  indeed, any proposals to reduce carbon emissions.   Look what the big oil companies do when the prospect of getting a  carbon fee on the books looks real. This fall, voters in Washington  State will vote on a ballot initiative that would initially put a price  on carbon. It would price carbon emissions at $15 per ton. Who is  funding the campaign against this carbon price initiative? You guessed  it, the oil companies, the very same oil companies that claim to  support a carbon fee. Already, Shell, BP, and Chevron have pledged to  pour dollars into a super PAC created by the Western States Petroleum  Association, which is another trade association that fronts for them to  oppose this carbon pricing initiative. The oil companies are backing  the opposition in Congress also.    In the House, Majority Whip Steve Scalise got wind that some of his  Republican Members were working on carbon fee legislation. He  introduced legislation stating that pricing carbon emissions would be  bad for the economy. Guess who Scalise's most generous donors are. You  guessed it, the oil and gas industry. The industry has given his  campaign more than $1.1 million, far more than any other industry has  given him. The oil and gas industry has also given his PAC $1.5  million. Again, far more than from any other industry.   As they say, follow the money. Then, where were the big oil companies  on Scalise's resolution? Not one opposed it. In fact, when contacted by  the press, Exxon, BP, and Shell all declined to comment on the Scalise  resolution, but they noted their general support for carbon pricing.   When you look at what the big oil companies actually do on carbon  pricing proposals, their general support for carbon pricing begins to  look purely hypothetical--or hypocritical. ``General support'' probably  gets them a little good PR, fools the unwary, and I guess it lets their  executives hobnob with movers and shakers at cocktail parties in Davos  or at home at their golf clubs, without having to bear any shame for  disgraceful behavior on climate change.   This phony general support is also belied by the climate denial  infrastructure the oil companies have set up and funded for years. They  have underwritten dozens of climate-denying front groups over the  years. Guess what. Their front groups sprang into action to support the  Scalise anti-carbon pricing resolution. It is a neat little trick. You  say you support carbon pricing, and then you deploy an armada of front  groups that you funded over the years to make sure the thing you claim  to support never comes to pass.   On July 9, 18 of these phony front groups wrote to House Speaker Paul  Ryan urging him to bring the Scalise resolution up for a vote. This  letter asserts that pricing carbon emissions would harm the economy,  citing a bogus study from the fossil fuel industry-funded National  Association of Manufacturers.   By the way, I work pretty well with the manufacturers in my State,  and there isn't a manufacturer in my State that subscribes to the  National Association of Manufacturers' climate-denying, anti-climate  action policies. Somebody somewhere is interjecting themselves so the  national organization has become the tool of the fossil fuel industry,  but that is not recognized in Rhode Island.   It is not so easy to follow the money behind all these phony front  groups that wrote this letter. They and their donors are all very  secretive about that. After all, it ruins the purpose of a phony front  group if everyone can see the fossil fuel hand in the phony-front-group  glove. Enterprising reporters and researchers have been able to shine a  little light into this dark money den.   Let's see how much money these front groups have received from the  four major oil companies, from the American Petroleum Institute, and  from trusts and foundations associated with the fossil fuel magnate  Koch brothers.   American Energy Alliance, the top one there: Koch-connected  organizations gave the American Energy Alliance at least $1.7 million.  A sister organization that shares both the management and the office  space of this phony front group received at least $160,000 from Exxon.   ALEC: Koch-connected foundations gave ALEC at least $600,000. We know  Koch Industries is also a donor, but we don't know how much it has  given. We know Exxon gave at least $1.6 million before announcing this  month it was cutting ties with ALEC. The American Petroleum Institute  gave at least $88,000, while Chevron gave at least $20,000. Shell and  BP also used to fund this front group--we don't know quite how much  they gave--before they quit in 2015.   American Commitment received at least $21 million from Koch- affiliated organizations.   The Competitive Enterprise Institute: Exxon gave at least $2 million.  Koch-affiliated organizations gave at least $5.2 million.   Americans for Limited Government received at least $5.6 million from  Koch-affiliated groups.   The so-called National Black Chamber of Commerce: Exxon gave at least  $1 million. American Petroleum Institute gave at least $75,000. Koch- affiliated organizations gave at least $25,000.    Americans for Tax Reform: API, the American Petroleum Institute, gave  at least $525,000. Koch-affiliated groups gave at least $330,000.   The Caesar Rodney Institute: Koch-affiliated groups gave at least  $50,000. The Caesar Rodney Institute is part of the larger so-called  State Policy Network, which itself is funded by the Koch organization.   FreedomWorks has received at least $2.5 million from Koch-affiliated  groups and at least $130,000 from the American Petroleum Institute.   The Heartland Institute--there are some beauties--Koch-affiliated  groups gave at least $7.1 million, and Heartland got at least $730,000  from Exxon. This is the group, by the way, that has compared climate  scientists to the Unabomber--a real classy group. I can see why the  others would want to associate with them.   The National Center for Public Policy Research received at least  $445,000 from Exxon and at least $300,000 from Koch-affiliated groups.   The Energy & Environment Legal Institute--here is another beauty-- received at least $500,000 from Koch-affiliated groups. Energy &  Environment Legal Institute, by the way, is a particularly creepy group  whose function is actually to harass legitimate scientists. That is  actually what they do. Another super classy group. You can understand  why they would all want to be affiliated with them.   Western Energy Alliance is an oil and gas industry trade association.  The group's website promises its fossil fuel members that it will  ``actively influence regulatory actions and legislation on behalf of  your business.'' It is no  [[Page S5483]]  mystery who is behind this group, but, as usual, funding details are  hidden.   The Cornwall Alliance's funders are secret. When I tell you a bit  more about it, you can see why they would want to be secret. I can tell  you, I have seen this bogus front group turning up constantly on the  climate denial oddball fringe, with other front groups funded by Big  Oil. What is more, the Cornwall Alliance's founder doesn't believe in  evolution, thinks that tornadoes are a punishment from God, and, quite  despicably, believes AIDS is a punishment for being gay--a really great  guy for Speaker Ryan to be taking advice from and a great company for  all the rest of these groups to be keeping.   CO2 Science received at least $100,000 from Exxon and $280,000 from  Koch-affiliated organizations.   The Mississippi Center for Public Policy received at least $340,000  from Koch-affiliated organizations and is also a member of that Koch- funded so-called State Policy Network.   The Institute for Liberty received at least $1.8 million from Koch- affiliated organizations.   That is a grand total of over $54 million from Big Oil and their  climate denial allies in the Koch network, and that is the minimum.  That is what we know. That is what has leaked through the darkness.  Because all these groups and donors are so secretive about their  clandestine funding network, we know the total is, if anything, much  higher.   Of course, a sophisticated political operative like Speaker Ryan  recognized that these were phony front groups and blew this letter off  in order to pursue the people's serious business before the House.   Actually, no. What did Speaker Ryan do? He agreed to bring the  Scalise resolution to the floor for a vote, of course. With his caucus  essentially a wholly owned subsidiary of the fossil fuel industry, how  could he have said no? Money talks, and big money commands.   With the resolution heading for a vote, the front groups reappeared-- this time, 41 strong, the whole fossil fuel front group armada was  deployed--with a letter to all House Members.   I don't want to go through the list again and add the new groups and  which received funding from Big Oil and which from the Koch network and  which from both, but suffice it to say, almost all of them have been  funded by the oil industry and/or the Koch network or are otherwise  tied to them. This is the web of denial my Senate colleagues and I have  come to the floor to call out before.   With this type of orchestrated lobbying campaign by the fossil fuel  front groups, passage of the Scalise resolution was assured. Indeed,  only six House Republicans had the courage to vote against their fossil  fuel overlords.   Instead of listening to, say, Nobel Prize-winning economist Joseph  Stiglitz or the researchers at Columbia University and serious think  tanks who study this stuff or the dozens of blue-chip companies that  all say pricing carbon emissions would be good for the economy, House  Republicans listened to these phony fossil fuel-funded front groups,  including the group that equated climate scientists with the Unabomber  and the group founded by the guy who thinks evolution is fake news and  AIDS is punishment for being gay.   How low will you go when your big donors whistle? We just saw. The  resolution was rammed through the House.   The failure of the U.S. Congress to act on our climate crisis is a  failure of American democracy. When untold tens, even hundreds of  millions of special interest dollars slosh through our political  system, what voice do the citizens of Rhode Island have or the citizens  of Florida or Louisiana who are also confronting ever-rising seas  caused by climate change?   When corporate dark money rules and phony front groups get more  political respect than Nobel Prize-winning economists--on matters of  economics, no less--what chance is there for reason and truth in this  body?   The fossil fuel industry and its trade associations and front groups  have taken the Republican Party hostage and, with it, our American  democracy.   It is corruption in plain view, and history's judgment will not be  kind. It is seriously, urgently time for us to wake up.   I yield the floor.    I thank Senator Wyden.   Mr. President, it is great to be here to have a birthday party to  celebrate Medicare and Medicaid, which are the kinds of huge successes  for a nation that don't happen very often, but they sure did happen in  America. And what a change it made when Medicare and Medicaid were  there to support American families. There is scarcely an American  family today who doesn't to some extent depend on Medicare or Medicaid.  We have planned our lives around the safety and security of those  programs, and we have avoided enormous human suffering by virtue of  those programs.   Of course, coming from a small State as I do, it is very important  for us in Rhode Island to celebrate our role in this important  legislation because one of the original authors of the Medicare bill  was Representative Aime Forand of Cumberland, RI, who served over in  the House for 22 years. He served with great distinction. He was  passionate about healthcare and about building this program. He was one  of the original groups of the Members of Congress who got together and  designed the Medicare Program. When it came time to pass it in 1965, it  was Rhode Island Congressman John Fogarty of Providence who was then  the chair of the House Appropriations Subcommittee for Labor, Health,  Education, and Welfare. So between one of the original authors of the  legislation and one of the key chairmen supporting the legislation,  there was a lot that Rhode Island did to accomplish these wonderful  goals.   It gives me particular pride as a member of the Rhode Island  delegation to come here for the Medicare-Medicaid Senator Wyden  birthday party. I am very glad to have the chance to do it.   These programs provide health insurance coverage to over half a  million people in my State. That is half the State. Without it, so many  lives would be changed for the worse. Nationally, it is a little bit  over 130 million Americans. When you consider the families who get the  protection of having a family member covered, as I said, it is  virtually all of us.   Obviously, it is seniors. Rhode Island has a lot of seniors whom we  treasure and whom we love having Medicare and Medicaid being there for,  but it is also people with disabilities, children, pregnant women,  veterans, and people fighting substance abuse disorders. It is a broad  population.   Medicare and Medicaid do their jobs well. They do their jobs  efficiently. They do their jobs humanely. They do their jobs with  super-low overhead compared to their private sector competition, and  they do it in a very reform-oriented way.   It is CMS that is leading the accountable care organizations process  that was one of the great achievements of the Affordable Care Act. It  is the providers, the doctors, who are in those accountable care  organizations who are redesigning care in ways that are wonderful for  their patients.   I will briefly discuss the example--because I am so proud of it and  mention it all the time--of Coastal Medical, which is one of our  biggest provider groups in Rhode Island. It is a doctor-run accountable  care organization. What they did is they signed up early on--what they  called Pioneer ACOs. The deal was this: We will take some of the risk  of how our patients run up costs in the system, and we will share if we  can make money back for you.   Now, in the bad old days of managed care, when insurance companies  tried to do this, they went in and said: Well, you can't have that, and  we are cutting you off on this, and we are not paying you, and we just  hired 50 people to make sure that your claim never gets settled. They  just, basically, pushed back on paying for things.   That is not the way the doctors work in the ACO process. They have  done things like hire social workers, pharmacists, and home visitors.  What they have done is to take their patients and to decide they are  going to help make them healthier. They are going to have social  workers make sure they get the benefits they need. They are going to  have home care workers go to their homes to see what they can get done  at home. They use electronic monitoring and testing so they can keep  better track of the reports and keep better track of people's care.  They engage with their patients.   What we have seen--because a lot of people I know in Rhode Island get  their healthcare through Coastal Medical--is a lot of really happy  patients. Now you can call at 2 in the morning when you are sick, and  at Coastal Medical, you will get a live nurse who will talk you through  what is going on and help you decide if you actually need to go to the  emergency room or not and get you in quick, first thing in the morning,  if you don't go to the emergency room and they still want to see you  and check you out.   So, for the patients, this has been an incredible boon. They feel so  much better cared for, and they are, in fact, healthier. That comes  back to all of us here because--guess what--in the time that Coastal  Medical has been doing this, it has lowered the cost of care, year over  year, for its patients--$700 per patient.   When we were passing the Affordable Care Act, we used to talk about  how we were going to bend the healthcare cost curve down. We are not  bending the healthcare cost curve down at Coastal Medical; we are  actually dropping healthcare costs. It is actually below where it was.  It is not just not accelerating so fast. That is the kind of leadership  that Medicare and Medicaid and CMS support.   This is a really terrific and exciting program in so many ways, not  just in  [[Page S5488]]  terms of humaneness, not just in terms of security for American  families but also in terms of leadership and in helping us continue to  develop a healthcare system that we can be very proud of.   I am delighted to serve on the Finance Committee under the leadership  of our ranking member, and I thank him for convening us on this  terrific birthday. I would only propose that when we do this again,  there be cake.   I yield the floor.   