 Madam President, I would like to make a very short  comment with regard to the distinguished minority leader's remarks this  morning.   In the midst of his remarks, Mr. Schumer mentioned something that I  think is terribly important. Yesterday, the Rules Committee--and the  distinguished Senator used to be the chairman of the Rules Committee. I  think I was ranking member at that particular time. He spoke of an  agreement to move appropriations bills. I want to thank him for that,  and also Senator Durbin, who indicated that as of yesterday.   We did reach an agreement in a bipartisan way to do something about  filing cloture 86 times and other things going on and reducing that  time period. We will get to that.   The breakthrough could be an agreement that Mr. Schumer has agreed to  with regard to appropriations bills. If we can do that, we might be  able to get back to the regular order that both of us experienced when  we first came to the Senate. Many Members here have not experienced  that.    Yes. Consequently, I want to thank you for that. And I  know Senator Shelby is eager to do the 12 appropriations bills, and I  know Senator Durbin is as well. I think that one statement in the midst  of your comments, sir, is terribly important, and I want people to be  aware of it, and I thank you.    Madam President, it was an honor for me to speak in  front of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee this month in support  of my Kansas friend and colleague, Mike Pompeo, as the President's  nominee for Secretary of State. I come to the floor to urge all of my  colleagues, despite the previous remarks, to vote in favor of this  uniquely qualified nominee in such a vital role in our administration's  Cabinet.   The point I would like to make, as we go into the very important  topics we have to discuss on an international basis, is that we need  Mike Pompeo, and we need him now.   As our Nation's most senior diplomat, Mike, I know, will be  forthright, will be forceful and thoughtful and, yes, he will be  diplomatic. He will give the President and the Congress very candid  counsel. He is a man of his word.   Now, I say all of this because I think I, at least, have the  credentials to know Mike and to know who he is and what he is about  because I have known him for more than a decade, first as a friend and  a business leader, then as a congressional colleague, and most recently  as a leader of our intelligence community. We had some long talks  before he accepted that offer by the President, and I thought he was  very well suited.   Mike will represent American ideals and values backed by the strength  of leadership of the free world--yes, the free world and the allies  that have been referred to by my colleagues across the aisle. The point  is, whenever there is a void, the world pays a price. That is why we  need Mike, and that is why we need him now.   I am going to again urge all of my colleagues--all of those who voted  in support of his intelligence post last year and those who now have  the opportunity to support this extremely qualified candidate--to vote  yes and to send our senior diplomat to work on the many challenges that  face our Nation.   