 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I express my sincere condolences to the family and  friends of a great patriot, Representative Ron Dellums. My sincere  condolences for their loss.   It is my great honor to be here tonight to pay my respects to a man  who was a true giant of this body, the United States House of  Representatives, as well as in American life, a man who, I think we can  all say with assurance, was one upon whose shoulders we all stand.   Before we had the incomparable John Lewis and the inimitable Maxine  Waters in Congress, there was Ron Dellums, who left us his distinct  mark, not just on this august body, but the San Francisco Bay Area, the  Nation, and the world.   He left an indelible impression upon me as a Congressman.   The greatest legacy that he left us, however, was his successor,  Congresswoman Barbara Lee, who carries on his legacy.   For 10 years, I was honored and privileged to serve as a member of  the House Armed Services Committee. Ron Dellums' portrait hanging in  the committee room was a constant reminder of the type of committee  member who I aspired to be.   ``If being an advocate of peace, justice, and humanity toward all  human beings is radical, then I am glad to be called radical,'' he once  said. I will repeat that: ``If being an advocate of peace, justice, and  humanity toward all human beings is radical, then I am glad to be  called radical.'' That is what Ron Dellums said.   He further stated, ``And if it is radical to oppose the use of 70  percent of Federal moneys for destruction and war, then I am a  radical.''   That quote, ladies and gentlemen, has stuck with me. It has guided me  in my public service.   Ron Dellums would never allow the powers that be, or the corrosive  forces of Washington, D.C., to put him in a box. He never allowed  labels to define who he was. Rightwing critics called him a Communist.  But Ron shot back and described himself as a ``commie pinko, Afro- topped, bell-bottomed dude from Berkeley.'' He was a true Renaissance  man. And he was cool before Congress knew what cool was, a bell- bottomed cat from Berkeley.   Who other than Ron Dellums could rise from the streets of Oakland to  become a Congressman, a mayor, and one of the guiding forces behind a  14-year campaign against apartheid in South Africa that helped bring  down that racist regime? Who else but Ron Dellums could help form the  Congressional Black Caucus, and from his seat and chairmanship on the  powerful House Armed Services Committee propose spending not for war  and weapons, but instead for education, jobs, housing, healthcare,  assistance to the poor, and programs to fight drug abuse?   Ladies and gentlemen, Ron Dellums set the ultimate example for us  today with the powerful message and legacy of being true to one's self,  a man who stood tall for the people, and not just for the people of  America. Ron stood for the people of the world.   He was a unique and authentic human being, and his presence will be  missed.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Ron for his guidance and for his example that we  can look to as a beacon as we make our way, moving our country forward  during these turbulent times. The lessons we have learned from his  example will serve us well as we continue the good fight for peace,  justice, and humanity toward all human beings.   