 Mr. Speaker, former colleagues, ladies and gentlemen,  I want to thank you, Cliff, for the opportunity to make some remarks on  a topic that is incredibly important and is near and dear to my heart:  our Nation's woeful attitude toward civic education.   FMC, its board, and its staff are as concerned as I am when it comes  to the civic knowledge--or, more specifically, the lack of civic  knowledge--that is exhibited by many of our fellow citizens,  particularly the young. We as an organization have made restoring civic  education one of the cornerstones of our mission and strategic plan. I  am, therefore, honored to be back in this Chamber representing FMC in  describing our new initiative to restore and renew the essential civic  mission of our Nation's schools.   Civic education, simply defined, is the act of providing the  essential civic knowledge of how our system of government operates at  all levels and the critical role all citizens play in our  representative democracy.   Civic education provides our youth with the civic skills they need to  effectively engage in civic affairs and civic education to help youth  develop a disposition to participate in the civic life of our  communities, their State, and our Nation. This is the historic civic  mission of our Nation's schools, a mission nearly as old as our  Republic.   How well are we as a nation meeting this critical mission? By any  objective measure, not well. If I were to grade us as a nation in  meeting this important task, I would have to give us a C-minus or a D.   On the only reliable national measure of student attainment of civic  knowledge, the National Assessments of Educational Progress in civics,  NAEP, scores have been flat for 20 years, with barely a quarter of  students able to show a proficient knowledge in this area so critical  to our Nation's future.   An overemphasis on the STEM subjects over the past two decades has  significantly reduced the instructional time for civics in almost every  school. Where most States used to require two to three distinct civics  courses, today, most only mandate one, and nine States don't have any  requirements that students take a civics course to graduate from high  school.   In the elementary grades, instruction in the entirety of the social  studies has been reduced to a paltry 18 minutes, a week on average.  That is not enough.   The results of this neglect of civic education are stark:   Nearly two-thirds of Americans cannot name all three branches of  government, yet three in four people can name the names of all Three  Stooges.   Only about 29 percent of eligible Americans participated in the 2016  primary elections.   Americans distrust the government at record levels, and they also  distrust their fellow citizens to participate in governance. According  to The Pew Research Center: ``Just 34 percent say they have `very  great' or a `good deal' of trust and confidence in the political wisdom  of the American people. Fully, 63 percent have `not very much'  confidence or `no confidence at all.' '' That is also a bad statistic.   And most alarming, in a 2016 survey, nearly a quarter of young  Americans said they think that a democratic form of government is bad  or very bad. That is also a terrible statistic.   These are among the many reasons FMC has partnered with the Lou Frey  Institute of Politics and Government at the University of Central  Florida--and Doug Dobson is here--and the Campaign for the Civic  Mission of Schools--Ted McConnell is here, and they both head up these  efforts--to strengthen and improve civic education for all students in  every school in the Nation.   Yesterday, I had the pleasure of moderating a panel focused on civics  during the FMC's annual meeting. Many of you were in attendance, and I  thank you for participating in this incredibly important dialogue. We  brought together some of the leaders in this space, all of whom  represent outstanding organizations with which FMC seeks to partner as  we engage former Members for our civics cause.   One of the things we certainly learned during the panel discussion is  that today's definition of civic education is no longer the one our  grandparents or our parents used. We need to think about civics in  broader terms and include in civics education ways to find fact-based  information, ways to discern fact from fiction, fake news from real  news, and also ways to have productive and respectful debates on the  issues that concern all of us--civility, if you will.   I want to thank our outstanding panelists for their insight and  thought-provoking analysis. The panel included Beth Caron of the  National Governors Association; Louise Dube, who is the executive  director of iCivics, Justice O'Connor's organization, former Supreme  Court Justice O'Connor; from the Library of Congress, we had Colleen  Shogan, who is doing fascinating research on Congress and social media;  and my old friend, my dear friend, Ted McConnell, who has spent much of  his professional life fighting the good fight when it comes to  restoring civic education across the Nation. Thanks, Ted.   As I said earlier, FMC seeks to play a crucial leadership role when  it comes to strengthening civic education in the United States. We  already have a long and proud track record of connecting the next  generation with their representative democracy through our wonderful  Congress to Campus program. It is a great program. Our bipartisan teams  reach thousands of students throughout the year, and students is the  place where civic education can best be found and emphasized.   But this work has proven to be not enough. FMC needs to double, if  not triple, its efforts on this issue, and we need former Members in  all parts of the Nation representing all different political  persuasions to step up to the plate and lend us their time, their  expertise, and their leadership.   FMC has commenced the American Democracy and Civics Initiative, which  will continue to build upon the success of Congress to Campus and  expand that model to other audiences, both student and adult. In  addition, through this program, we will host Capitol Hill events to  engage current Members on this issue and also to send to different  parts of the country bipartisan congressional delegations which will  meet with a wide variety of voter groups. This will be a combined  former Member and current Member effort, and I thank Representatives  Joe Kennedy from Massachusetts and Rodney Davis from Illinois for  agreeing to co-chair this project here in the House.   Our vision also includes creating an ongoing program that will bring  civics teachers from across the country to Washington, D.C., for a  total immersion experience to learn about Congress and its role vis-a- vis the judiciary and the executive branches. And most importantly, we  are actively recruiting former Members from both parties to take a  leadership role in their communities and States, to work with local  NGOs that need their help, and to be a resource to State legislatures  as they seek to strengthen their civic education requirements. It is  incredibly important. That is why we had the National Governors  Association there yesterday to talk about this effort.   Former Members of Congress can play a significant role in restoring  the essential civic mission of our schools. Former Congressman Lou Frey  and former Senator Bob Graham teamed up to pass legislation in Florida  that is revolutionizing middle school civics and serves as a model for  all the States thanks to Doug Dobson. These are strong campaigns for  more and better civics in a number of States. Former Members can and  are engaging in these efforts, lending their expertise, contacts that  they have, and time.   In States where there is currently no active effort to improve civic  education, former Members can start one--  [[Page H5662]]  that is up to you all--working with civic education and civic  engagement organizations. Former Members can and should visit schools  to offer real-life civics lessons to students. These students rely on  former Members. They have a great reputation, and the former Members  can provide assistance to these students.   Former Members can help teachers better understand the legislative  process, too, so they can teach about the legislative branch with more  confidence. Former Members can use their ``bully pulpit'' to issue  public calls for more and better civic learning through op-eds and  interviews. I have done it. It is easy to do. Papers will accept your  submissions.   Following this presentation, we will be having a reception where  leaders from the Lou Frey Institute and the Campaign for the Civic  Mission of Schools, Doug Dobson and Ted McConnell, will be on hand to  provide more information on how former Members can get engaged in their  States.   I hope that all of you will join us for this reception, learn more  about the productive role that former Members can play, and sign up for  the cause.   We all remember Benjamin Franklin's charge to each generation at the  close of the Constitutional Convention in 1787. He said to a woman who  asked him: Mr. Franklin, what have you created?   He said: A democracy, Madam, if you can keep it.   And it is up to all of us to keep this Republic. Providing effective  civic education to each generation is an essential part of keeping Dr.  Franklin's charge. We have to provide that. And so it is up to each of  us to keep and renew and pass along this greatest experience in self- governance in the history of mankind. Please join us within this  crusade.   Cliff has asked me to yield some of my time to Charles Boustany from  Louisiana to share with the membership an update on our international  work, which I will gladly do.   I thank you very much for your time and your attention, and I now  yield the floor to Charles Boustany.   