 Mr. President, first let me thank my colleague Senator  Wyden for his extraordinary leadership on Medicare and Medicaid and so  many other issues.   I remember Senator Wyden in the House of Representatives as one of  the champions when the Medicare and Medicaid Programs were a lot  younger. We worked to improve and expand both Medicaid and Medicare,  and now Senator Wyden, in a key role on the Senate Finance Committee-- the ranking Democrat--has been one of the real champions to protect the  progress we have made in Medicare and Medicaid, recognizing that what  we need to talk about is how to improve these programs and make them  better.   As we celebrate the 53rd anniversary of Medicare and Medicaid, let me  address the point that Mr. Wyden made; that is, these are two of the  most successful programs we ever have enacted in the Congress of the  United States that guarantee, as Mr. Wyden has said, affordable,  quality healthcare to our seniors, to individuals with disabilities, to  low-income families.   In Medicare alone, almost 45 million Americans are protected under  Medicare--seniors and those with disabilities. In Maryland, more than  990 thousand Marylanders are protected under the Medicare Program.  [[Page S5486]]    What Mr. Wyden alluded to--I want to underscore this point: Before  there was Medicare, over half of our seniors did not have health  insurance, and without health insurance, their access to healthcare was  greatly at risk, and many were unable to get access to quality care.  Medicare has provided affordability so that our seniors can now get  quality healthcare, and we have improved it over its 53-year history.  We have done things from adding benefits for end-stage renal disease to  adding preventive healthcare.   I remember working with Mr. Wyden when I was in the House of  Representatives, when we expanded the preventive care package to  include cancer screenings and diabetes and osteoporosis screenings and  diabetes self-management. All of that has been done as we have,  together, expanded Medicare over its 53 years in order to provide  stronger coverage and better protection to our seniors and those with  disabilities.   In my State, we have 1.2 million Marylanders covered under the  Medicaid Program. We are talking about veterans, seniors, women, and  children. We are in partnership with our State; this is a program in  which the Federal Government works in partnership with our State to  allow our State flexibility to figure out better and more efficient  ways to provide healthcare to vulnerable people. In my State of  Maryland, they have taken advantage of that to work out ways to  coordinate care, provide more integrated care, so we can take care of  people who desperately need help.   The coverage under Medicaid includes such important services as  dental care, behavioral healthcare, and, of course, for many of our  seniors, a lifeline for long-term care. So these programs are  critically important.   Let me underscore the point that Mr. Wyden made. It is at risk today.  We say that because Mr. Wyden mentioned chapter and verse of President  Trump's budget that would jeopardize both Medicare and Medicaid. But we  don't have to go to the President; we can look at the Republican budget  that was submitted here in Congress and passed in Congress, which  provided for a $1 trillion cut in Medicaid and a $500 billion cut in  the Medicare Program.   This is not hypothetical. We are here today to celebrate the 53rd  anniversary but also to say that we should not be jeopardizing these  programs through these reckless budget cuts. We should be strengthening  these programs.   Let me quickly point out what we need to do. In Medicare, I think we  all understand that if an individual only has traditional Medicare,  there are quite a bit of out-of-pocket costs they have to incur under  the current Medicare laws. It is not going to cover things such as  dental care or hearing aids. We should be looking at ways to strengthen  the Medicare system, as previous Congresses have done. Let's make it  stronger. Let's provide help for our seniors. Certainly, let's not cut  the program.   We need to strengthen the Medicaid Program. Senator Wyden is  absolutely correct. Our States are asking for a waiver authority.   There are some who are slow to act here in Washington, in the Trump  administration. Let me give an example in my State of Maryland. My  State of Maryland wants to move forward on dealing with the opioid  crisis. How important are Medicaid and the Medicaid expansion? Let me  give one example. On Monday, we were in Baltimore with Congressman  Cummings and Senator Warren at Health Care for the Homeless looking at  a program that provides some of our most vulnerable people the  healthcare they need. Many, by the way, are veterans. Before the  Affordable Care Act, 30 percent of their clientele were insured. After  the Affordable Care Act, 90 percent were insured. That is what Medicaid  expansion meant for Health Care for the Homeless in my community.   What did they do as a result of that expansion? They expanded  services at Health Care for the Homeless. They have a modern dental  facility to take care of their population. They have expanded their  behavioral health services. They have been able to expand the quality  of service. We need to do more of that.   We haven't yet figured out the opioid crisis. What we want to do in  Maryland is expand peer review so that we have people who experienced  this problem available to help those who are suffering. That means we  need to invest more money in Medicaid to save money.   The mayor of Baltimore wants to establish a stabilization center.  What does that mean? Rather than people having OD problems and being  taken to our emergency rooms, we can get them to a stabilization center  that knows how to follow up their care. They know we get them in care.   There is a challenge when people who are addicted all of a sudden get  heroin laced with fentanyl. We have to protect our population who are  addicted, and stabilization centers will help. They will save money,  but we have to invest to do that. That means we need to expand our  budget support for Medicaid, not contract it.   On this 53rd anniversary, I wanted to join my colleagues and just  praise the progress we have made. I urge our Republican colleagues to  abandon this effort to reduce the Federal Government's commitment to  both Medicare and Medicaid. Let's work together in the best traditions,  in a bipartisan manner, to strengthen and expand these programs, and  let's make that commitment on the 53rd anniversary of Medicaid and  Medicare.   I thank my colleague. His usual passion and eloquence is so  appreciated and his decades of commitment to these wonderful programs.  I thank him.   Senator Stabenow, Senator Whitehouse, and Senator Cortez Masto will  have the opportunity to speak. Next in line is Senator Stabenow.   I yield the floor.   