 Mr. President, I unfortunately don't have enough time  right now to respond to everything the Democratic leader has said, but  I do want to say this: The most accurate statement the minority leader  made is, he was against Judge Kavanaugh from the start. No one should  be confused about this being a search for the truth. This is about  search and destroy.   Now, I think the Judiciary Committee conducted itself appropriately  in giving Dr. Ford a chance to tell her story. I have said all along I  want Dr. Ford to be treated just the same way my daughters or my wife  or my mother would be treated under similar circumstances, and I think  we met that standard, but we know the goalpost continues to be moved by  our colleagues. This idea that you can assassinate a man's character,  resulting in threats against his family, ruin his reputation and his  future, and expect him to be a human punching bag and not respond  forcefully--it is incredible to me.   This should be about a fair process, but a fair process means the  people who ultimately decide should have an open mind at the beginning.  You wouldn't want to walk into a courtroom and talk to a jury or a  judge where the judge and jury had already made up their mind; you  would want them to listen to the evidence. That is what a fundamentally  fair process means.   It also means, if somebody is going to make an accusation against an  individual for a crime, which is what has been alleged against Judge  Kavanaugh, they would have to come forward with more than just an  allegation; they would have to come forward with witnesses, proof,  evidence because under our Constitution, people are presumed to be  innocent of crimes unless proven guilty. They are accorded due process  of law, a fair hearing, a fair process.   Unfortunately, as a result of the mishandling of Dr. Ford's  confidential letter to the ranking member, contrary to her wishes and  without her consent, leaked to the press, she has been thrust into this  three-ring circus. She was not told by her lawyers that the Judiciary  Committee had offered to send a bipartisan team of professional staff  out to her home in California to interview her confidentially. Why  would her lawyers not tell her that? Because they wanted this three- ring circus. Despite Dr. Ford's wishes not to be thrust into the  spotlight, they evidently thrust her into that spotlight, raising the  question in my mind: For whom are they working? Are these lawyers  actually working for Dr. Ford or do they have another agenda and  another client in mind?   Well, the idea that now this has all come down to what somebody wrote  in their high school yearbook is beyond parody. I mean, you can't make  stuff like this up. Oh, we know the judge is belligerent because he  allegedly threw ice on somebody in a bar in college. Of course, the  reporter who wrote that had previously sent out a tweet demonstrating  his bias against Judge Kavanaugh, but now it is accepted as fact--and,  man, we are going to defeat this man because he threw ice on somebody  when he was in college.    Or we are going to go through his high school yearbook. I wonder what  the high school yearbook of every Senator in this Chamber says. I hope  that is not the standard.   The Senate as an institution is one that operates based on precedent.  If this is the precedent for future nominees, woe be to us because we  will not be able to recruit the best and brightest people to serve in  the judiciary or be subjected to this inquisition of a confirmation  process.   As I said, there is more I want to say responding to the Democratic  leader's comments, which I couldn't disagree with more. He had already  made up his mind, so this is now about trying to build a case against  the nominee. The problem is, there isn't any evidence, so in its place,  what he wants to do is presume guilt: Because somebody said something  in their high school yearbook, they ought to be disqualified; because  they allegedly threw ice on somebody when they were in college, that is  disqualifying. That is making this whole process a laughingstock. This  is the opposite of the sort of fair and dignified process we should be  following.   Now, at the request of many Senators, the FBI is going to be  reporting back to the Senate on their supplemental background  investigation. Will that be enough to satisfy those who had said, ``All  we need is one more week in order to allow the FBI to question more  witnesses''? We see now that they have moved on. Regardless of what  happens with this supplemental background investigation, they will not  be satisfied because they had their minds made up already, even before  Dr. Ford's letter became public.   This is an embarrassing, disgraceful way for the Senate to conduct  itself. We do not honor ourselves or this institution by handling this  nominee, this nomination, and these witnesses--including Dr. Ford--like  this.   I don't know what it is going to take for us to change. But one thing  that can't happen is we can't let these despicable tactics and this  strategy win because if they are able to destroy the reputation of a  sitting judge based on such flimsy stuff, that means this same  precedent will be applied to future nominees. Woe be to us and what a  terrible disservice, not only to the good men and women who want to  serve in government but also to the American people.   The thing I hate most about Washington, DC, and its insular culture  is that some people don't just want to win the argument; some people  don't want to just win the election or win the vote; they want to  destroy their opposition--destroy them. That is why people are saying  that, even if the judge is confirmed, maybe over in the House they will  start impeachment proceedings. One of the Members of the Judiciary  Committee said: If the judge is confirmed, it will not stop there; I am  not going to stop. What does that mean?   We need to vote. We need to get the FBI report and we need to vote  because the longer this circus continues, the more embarrassing it  becomes to the Senate and to the Senators who work here.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Texas (Mr. Cruz).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Texas (Mr. Cruz).   