 Mr. President, I thank my colleagues from Maine and  Rhode Island who were here today to draw attention to the Trump  administration's very dangerous proposal that takes a wrecking ball to  the Clean Power Plan that has been put in place. It has been put in  place to try to reduce the costs we are facing from climate pollution  and carbon pollution.   What we see in the Trump administration's plan is going to drag us  backward. In fact, an analysis was done of their plan, and it will be  worse than doing nothing at all.   We know, and my colleagues have talked about this, that every day the  American people are already paying the costs of carbon pollution in  extreme weather events, whether those are forest fires, whether they  are droughts that are wreaking havoc on crops, whether it is flooding.  My colleague from Maryland, Senator Cardin, and I were just in Ellicott  City, MD, 2 days ago, where within a 2-year period they have been hit  by what are called 1,000-year floods because there is only supposed to  be one-tenth of 1 percent of a chance that happens. Yet we have seen  two of them in 2 years, causing loss of human life and incredible  property damage.   The cost of doing nothing is huge. That is why the previous  administration adopted the Clean Power Plan. With this administration  taking us backward, those costs of doing nothing are going to rise  again. As the Senator from Maine said, it is not just incredible  property damage, but you will see loss of life and greater asthma  deaths and other negative healthcare effects.   I know there is a vote coming up. I wanted to say a lot more about  this, but the main point was made by the Senator from Rhode Island,  which is, this is not going to stand. This will not be accepted in the  courts. We will fight this in the courts because the American people  deserve to have a system where the American people don't pay for the  pollution being spewed out by others. Polluters should pay, not the  public.   Let's defeat this new plan put forward by the Trump administration  that takes us backward, and let's try to work together to address what  is a very serious national and international issue.   