 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Congressman Shimkus  for his support of this amendment. I would also like to thank  Congressman Tonko as well, and express my support for the underlying  bill, which will, among many other things, prioritize decommissioned  nuclear plants for removal of spent waste.   The hard work to come to this stage has been important, and we are  finally moving forward.   In 2015, news broke that the nuclear plant in my district would be  decommissioned in 2019. Unfortunately, this plant has also been in the  news quite a bit because of significant safety concerns. So the  communities back home are intimately aware of the safety and security  risks to local neighborhoods and plant employees, and local officials  and stakeholders have worked hard to hold plant operators accountable  to prepare for all the risks presented, and to demand a plan for what  happens after the plant is decommissioned so that the families and the  businesses in my district are not left high and dry.   I offered a number of amendments to H.R. 3035, the Nuclear Waste  Policy Amendments Act. They included efforts to strengthen local  stakeholder engagement, to support funding for communities where spent  nuclear fuel is awaiting transfer, to ensure the safe storage of spent  nuclear fuel at decommissioned or soon-to-be decommissioned plants. And  I offered these amendments because of the safety of the communities  that are affected by nuclear plants and the nuclear storage sites, the  importance of that being recognized.   And while some of these ideas weren't included in the particular  bill, the amendment I offer now is fundamental to making sure that they  will be ultimately addressed.   Congress created the Nuclear Waste Fund to fund a solution to  civilian nuclear waste that would provide for safe disposal in a  permanent repository. These funds came from funds paid by ratepayers  and generated by tens of billions of dollars, $31 billion as of 2014,  to support a solution for dealing with nuclear waste in a safe and  secure manner.   And in the issuance of what is happening with this fund, the  administration ceased making an easy-to-read summary to be part of  that. The American people deserve to know just how this fund is being  managed, and that any expenditure is actually necessary or justified  and publicly reported and easily digested by local officials and the  public as a whole.  [[Page H3907]]    For this, transparency really is key. We should be making it as easy  as possible for the public and the officials that oversee this fund,  and my amendment does just that by requiring a clear, plain English  summary to accompany annual reporting on the Nuclear Waste Fund's  financial status.   The information about the fund should not be only accessible to those  who can understand the technical information contained in the full  report. When communities like mine are working as hard as they can  possibly work under the circumstances to make sure that they keep  families safe, we should be making every possible tool available to  them to achieve this goal.   Transparency around the fund created by ratepayers and intended to  support a permanent solution to the safety risks they face from nuclear  waste is only one piece of that, but an important piece.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from New York  (Mr. Tonko), who has worked tirelessly on this issue as well and with a  strong spirit of bipartisan cooperation on this bill.    Mr. Chairman, once again, I want to thank everyone who  has worked so hard: Mr. Shimkus, Mr. Tonko, and all of the people who  are finally moving this ahead. It is a very important issue in terms of  our energy. It is very important in terms of safety of our communities.  We have finally got the ball rolling, so again, I thank them for their  hard work.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   