 Mr. President, I rise today, as I have many times  before, to stand up for a free and independent Ukraine.   I come to the floor to unambiguously call out and condemn the Russian  Government's escalation of aggression and the increasingly dangerous  situation in Ukraine.   Over the weekend, Russian forces sharply escalated their campaign in  Ukraine by attacking and seizing 3 Ukrainian vessels with 23 crew  members and temporarily shutting down commercial shipping through the  Kerch Strait. Ukrainian sailors were injured and required medical  attention.   This was an outrageous violation of Ukraine's sovereignty, so I want  to say this clearly and unequivocally: The Kremlin must immediately  return the vessels and sailors to Ukraine. The Kremlin must not  obstruct the free passage of shipping through the Kerch Strait moving  forward.   We here in the United States must take the Kremlin's actions  seriously in word and in deed, for the Russian Government's actions on  Sunday marked a sharp escalation in Putin's ongoing assault on the  international rules-based order, this time on the freedom of navigation  in the high seas. Indeed, this was an act of war, and Sunday's attack  comes in the context of ongoing Russian aggression in eastern Ukraine  for the past 4 years.   For the past 4 years, Ukrainian forces have endured an unrelenting  assault, rendering the Donbas economically shattered and ungovernable.   For the past 4 years, 1.5 million displaced people have lived lives  of uncertainty, not sure when and if they will ever be able to return  home.   For the past 4 years, Ukraine has struggled to rebuild its economy  and reform its institutions while fighting a hot war and suffering  regular casualties.   For the past 4 years, Ukraine has been on the frontlines of a  struggle against the Kremlin's vision of a world that is not guided by  Democratic values, not buttressed by fundamental freedoms, not governed  by a rules-based international order but, instead, ruled by Mr. Putin  and a corrupt cabal of oligarch insiders.   Despite years of aggression, Putin's latest escalation marks an even  more insidious turn. Apparently, the Kremlin no longer seeks to hide  behind lies of little green men or Russian-backed separatists. The  Russian Government, with no pretense or obfuscation, fully admitted to  directly firing on Ukrainian forces and seizing their ships.   Beyond the military component, this attack tells us that Putin is  ramping up an economic war on Ukraine. Since the spring, Russian  vessels have blocked Ukrainian commercial ships from sailing through  the Kerch Strait, costing Ukraine millions in lost revenue from exports  and blocking imports critical to the Ukrainian economy. This weekend,  Moscow opened up a new front in the war, one that could ultimately do  the most damage to Ukraine's viability as a state.   Russia's actions show that its leaders are emboldened, unchastened,  and on the march. Clearly our response to Russian efforts to undermine  our security, our fundamental democratic values, our institutions, and  the rules-based international order has thus far been inadequate.   Certainly the State and Defense Departments have taken some steps to  counter Russian aggression. Ambassador Kurt Volker, who has led efforts  to fully implement the Minsk agreements, has shown clear-eyed  leadership in calling out the Kremlin and holding Putin to account. Our  Assistant Secretary of State for Europe, Wess Mitchell, has done much  of the same. Secretary Jim Mattis has consistently supported a strong  military presence in Europe to counter Russian aggression. Nikki Haley,  our U.S. Ambassador, issued the first statement from the administration  following Sunday's attack and was appropriately firm. Come to think of  it, I can't think of any player within the Trump administration who is  soft on Russia--except one, of course: the President himself.   Just yesterday, when asked by reporters about Russia's escalation in  Ukraine, President Trump said: ``We don't like what is happening either  way.'' In other words, he once again fell back on the same old both  sides excuse he keeps in his back pocket whenever asked about Russia's  bad behavior. This is not the kind of clear and unequivocal  denouncement the people of Ukraine or the world needs to hear from an  American President at a moment in which the international democratic  order is under attack, but unfortunately it is what we have come to  expect from President Trump, who repeatedly subverts his own  administration's positions and efforts on Russia.   The work of Mattis, Volker, Mitchell, Haley, and countless others has  been repeatedly undermined by a President who has abandoned America's  interests and betrayed our core principles time and time again, from  the fiasco in Helsinki to an exchange in Paris just weeks ago where he  greeted Putin with a giant smile on his face.   The President has had many opportunities to restore confidence to the  [[Page S7128]]  American people and reclaim America's global leadership on Russia  policy. While he has repeatedly failed to do so, yet another  opportunity lies before him this week at the G20 summit in Buenos  Aires, where he is scheduled to meet with Putin. If ever there were a  time for this President to defend our country, our principles, and  those of our allies, this would be it. If ever there were an  opportunity for American leadership, this would be it. If there were  ever a time for President Trump to find his spine on Russia, this would  be it.   In the meantime, President Trump must use this week's opportunity in  Buenos Aires to send a clear message to Putin that we will not tolerate  its increasingly aggressive behavior in Ukraine. Here is what I believe  the President must do:   First, the United States needs to increase assistance to our friends  in Ukraine in the face of continued aggression in Donbass and now in  the Kerch Strait. The Trump administration must immediately increase  security assistance to Ukraine, including the provision of lethal  maritime equipment and weapons. In addition, we must bolster  intelligence-sharing with Kiev and assist Ukraine's efforts to improve  its maritime domain awareness.   Second, NATO has a critical role and should consider increasing  exercises and its presence in the Black Sea. The United States has  maintained an active presence in the South China Sea to protect  shipping lanes. NATO should move quickly to establish such a presence  in the Black Sea.   Third, the United States should increase sanctions pressure on Russia  immediately. This is long overdue. The President is required to impose  sanctions on Russia under the CAATSA law. Several mandatory provisions  of the law remain ignored. I would offer that now would be a good time  to follow the law. But imposing sanctions alone does not constitute a  real strategy.   Fourth, Sunday's events present an important opportunity for American  engagement with like-minded allies across Europe. Now is the time for  serious diplomacy and coalition-building in the face of this threat.  Our European friends spoke out in full opposition to Russia's attack on  Sunday. Now let's see if we can work together to turn words into action  and deter such Kremlin attacks in the future.   Finally, as the situation in Ukraine grows more perilous, we in the  Senate must also live up to our national security responsibilities.  Following the President's failures in Helsinki, Senator Graham and I,  along with others, introduced the Defending American Security from  Kremlin Aggression Act, known as DASKAA. This legislation is more than  another sanctions bill; it charts a comprehensive way forward for how  the United States can better defend its interests and those of our  close allies against Putin's unrelenting assault on our values,  security, economic interests, and the rules-based international order.   After months of Senate hearings on the legislation, we have nothing  to show for it, as both the Senate Foreign Relations and Banking  Committees have refused to mark up new legislation to respond to the  Kremlin threat. What are we waiting for? What are we waiting for? The  alarm bells are ringing. Yet the Senate Republican leadership is sound  asleep. They are asleep as Trump concedes more ground to the Kremlin in  Ukraine and cyber space; asleep while Russian ships ram Ukrainian  vessels in international waters and injure brave Ukrainian sailors;  asleep while Vladimir Putin pounds away at our points of vulnerability.   The American people deserve a vote on DASKAA before we leave for the  holidays. Anything less would be a mark of shameful abdication of our  responsibility to protect and defend our national interests.   I hope this Chamber will wake up to this growing threat. Perhaps  Sunday's attack will be a ringing alarm clock that compels this body  and the international community to act.   Finally, the American people cannot afford a weak performance by  President Trump at the G20 summit, like we saw in Helsinki--cannot  afford such a performance.   President Trump, this is your opportunity to finally show American  leadership in defense of our principles and our close allies across  Europe.   The time is now. It is critical. We are waiting to see that in fact  the President can rise to the moment.   