 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, first I would like to thank Chairwoman Granger  for her leadership and hard work on this critical legislation.   Voting for the annual Department of Defense Appropriations Act is one  of the most important votes I take each year, and the great bipartisan  work that the chairwoman and the ranking member have done to ensure  that our military is fully funded is truly commendable.   I rise today to talk about the Allen-Raskin amendment to H.R. 6157.  This bipartisan amendment allocates $10 million to the defense POW/ Missing Persons Accounting Agency to assist in identifying unclaimed  remains missing since the Korean conflict.   As of today, there are almost 7,700 total personnel missing and  unaccounted for since the Korean conflict.   One of those still unaccounted for is Private First Class Ivan  Roberts, a proud native of Georgia's 12th Congressional District.   On November 5, 1951, Private First Class Roberts and three other men  from Alpha Company 5th Calvary Regiment went missing during an attack  to secure a Korean hill complex.   Although I never had the opportunity to meet Private First Class  Roberts, I was able to meet his family and loved ones at a recent  memorial ceremony in his honor, and I know that he was a beloved hero  and patriot whose family wants peace and closure.   As you may know, in the recent historic summit between President  Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong-un, President Trump asked North Korea  to return the remains of U.S. servicemembers lost in the Korean war,  and Kim Jong-un agreed.   There are currently over 200 missing servicemembers in the process of  being returned to the United States.   My colleague and I want to ensure that the defense POW/Missing  Persons Accounting Agency has the resources it needs to identify the  remains and carry out this important mission so  [[Page H5742]]  that families can finally find an eternal resting place for their loved  ones.   Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague from Maryland, Congressman Jamie  Raskin, for joining me in introducing this important amendment, and I  urge all of my colleagues in the House to support the Allen-Raskin  amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, again, I would like to thank the chairwoman and  ranking member for their work on the Department of Defense  Appropriations Act and for approving an additional $10 million above  the President's budget request to adequately fund this important  mission. It is important to note that this amendment is offset by  reducing other accounts.   Mr. Chair, I urge passage of the Allen-Raskin amendment to ensure  that the Defense POW/Missing Persons Accounting Agency has the  resources it needs to identify remains since the Korean conflict.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   