 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6757, the  Family Savings Act.   Since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was implemented and signed into law,  our country has seen historic economic growth and millions of families  now have more money in their pockets.   In fact, in Kansas, a middle-class family of four will get to keep  $2,144 of their hard-earned money of this year. Thanks to the law,  families from the heartland in Kansas and around the country are better  off now. But we know there is more to do.   With historically low unemployment and more and more Americans going  to work, now is the time to continue growing our economy and to help  families prepare for the future.   As my colleagues have mentioned earlier, far too many Americans have  struggled to save for their key life events such as retirement, an  emergency, or education. This bill makes savings a reality for these  Americans.   As part of the tax cuts reform 2.0, this Family Savings Act will help  families save for all of these events by expanding access to new and  existing savings methods.   To help businesses provide retirement plans for workers, the bill  allows small businesses to join together to create 401(k) plans more  affordably. It gives employers more time to put new retirement plans in  place, and simplifies the rules for participation in employer plans.   It also includes reforms to help workers participate in retirement  plans such as: exempting small retirement accounts from mandatory  payouts; eliminating the age limits on IRA contributions; and allowing  military reservists to maximize their retirement contributions.   In addition, the bill allows provisions that help families start  saving earlier and save more throughout their lives, including creating  a new Universal Savings Account, a USA account, to offer a flexible  savings tool that families can use any time that is right for them.    It expands 529 education accounts by providing families with  flexibility to use their education savings to pay for apprenticeships,  homeschooling, and help pay off student loans.   As the former Kansas State Treasurer, I can attest to the value of  helping parents save for their children's education.   And it creates new baby savings, allowing families to access their  retirement accounts on a penalty-free basis when welcoming a new child  into the family, whether by birth or adoption.   All together, these measures will help families in Kansas and around  our country prepare for retirement and save for education. I urge my  colleagues to support this bill.   