 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of  reauthorizing section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act,  which is due to expire.   As a 14-year FBI special agent, including significant time as a  counterterrorism agent, I am an eyewitness to the importance of this  program and the deliberate and lawful manner in which it is used.   The fact is, section 702 is a critical tool that the intelligence  community uses properly to target non-U.S. persons located outside of  the United States to acquire information that is vital to our Nation's  security.   Equally as important, this crucial program has operated under strict  rules and has been carefully overseen by all three branches of our  government to protect the privacy and civil liberties of all Americans.   As we have seen, both in our country and abroad, proper surveillance  and law enforcement is vital to protect us against terror attacks,  especially lone attacker scenarios. As terror groups like ISIS continue  to lose territory in Iraq and Syria, our intelligence community has  warned that we will see more of these one-off attacks as opposed to  more traditional conspiracies.   At a hearing of the Homeland Security Committee, I asked FBI Director  Chris Wray about this program as part of our national security posture.  He said, despite the high volume of threats, there are few dots that  can actually be connected in regard to these ``more loosely organized  situations.'' Information already lawfully obtained by the FBI is  crucial in, as he said, understanding ``which threats are real and  which ones are more aspirational.''   Section 702 allows the national security professionals to query  information to determine whether a tip from State or local law  enforcement or others is credible, and it begins the process of  marshalling resources to head off potential threats.   Allowing section 702 to expire would leave America vulnerable at a  time when we need this protection the most. As Director Wray clearly  stated: ``If 702 is walked back, we will be . . . starting to rebuild  the wall that existed before 9/11.''   Mr. Speaker, with today's terror landscape, we cannot go backwards  when proven, legal means exist to keep Americans safe.   I urge my colleagues, Democrat and Republican alike, to support this  vital national security measure. The safety and security of the  families we represent depend on the passage of this measure. Let us get  this done for them.   