 Mr. President, there are a lot of important things the  Senate is taking up right now. Obviously, there is the issue of  immigration, the budget, and disaster relief. There are a lot of  pertinent issues that need to be resolved. One of those things that was  in the middle of the conversation came up today. It is part of a  conversation that, quite frankly, doesn't come up often in this body,  but this seemed like a reasonable piece to be able to come up. It came  up to the Senate to open debate on it, and it failed to get the 60  votes to support the beginning of what should be an easy conversation  on a hard issue--this issue about children and life.   In 1973, when Roe v. Wade passed, the Supreme Court at that time  determined that for children that were viable--and that is the  definition they left out there--there is a governmental interest in  being able to engage with those children. Well, viability in 1973 was  very different than what it is now, decades later. In 1973 viable was a  much older child. Now that we know a lot more, a lot more children  survive. Children who are born at 22 weeks of gestation have between a  50-percent to 60-percent chance of survival now. That was not true in  1973.   The rest of the world has caught up with this technology, and their  governments have acknowledged of this issue that a child who has 10  fingers and 10 toes and a beating heart--they suck their thumb in the  womb, they yawn, they stretch, they move--is a child.   I understand there is wide argument about a child that is at 8 weeks  of gestation, whom I believe is a child, but others look at it and say:  It doesn't look like a child yet. But a child at 20, 22, 24 weeks of  gestation even looks like a child when you look at the child in the  ultrasound. It is hard to disagree, especially when children are born  at that age prematurely and they survive, and many of us know kids that  were born at 22 weeks. The bill that came up today on the Senate floor,  which had bipartisan support and had a majority of support but not 60  Senators' support to be able to discuss this, was a very simple,  straightforward bill. It asked just one question: Will we as Americans  continue to allow elective abortions when the child is viable?   The Supreme Court said in 1973 that the government has a right to be  able to step in and protect a viable child. There is no question that  they are at that age of viability. There is no question, at that age of  20 weeks, that science shows us they experience pain in the womb, and  that if surgery happens for a child in utero like that, that child is  actually given anesthetic to be  [[Page S548]]  able to calm their pain during that surgery because they have a  developed nervous system and because they have a beating heart. This  body refused to even take up the issue and debate it.   There is no question that I am very passionate about the issue of  life and about children, and that we should as a culture protect  children. But this one confuses me--for this body, more than any other  issue. There are only seven nations in the world that allow elective  abortions after 20 weeks. There are only four nations in the world that  allow elective abortions after 24 weeks. We are in that elite club. We  are in the elite club with three other nations that allow elective  abortions that late--Vietnam, North Korea, and China--the worst human  rights violators in the world. There sits the United States in that  very elite club.   Why are we there? Because we can't even discuss the possibility that  a child is a child, and anyone who has ever seen an ultrasound at 24  weeks cannot deny that is a child, and if that child was delivered  prematurely, they would survive and grow and develop into a person. The  only difference between that child at 20 weeks and an adult now is  time.   This issue will continue to come up, and it should because we as a  culture should promote a culture of life and of honoring people--people  at their most vulnerable moment. There is no more vulnerable a moment  than that for that child. We have to get out of this club of elective  abortions and the only group that allows it--North Korea, China, and  Vietnam. When will we wake up to the fact that the entire rest of the  world--all of Europe, all of Africa, all of Central America, all of  South America, every one of those countries--sees that plain? A child  is a child, and we need to be able to guard its life.   So I am sad that today in a bipartisan vote with more than 50 votes  to be able to get into it and pass it, we didn't have enough people  even to want to discuss it and to be able to bring up the bill. We will  bring it up again for the sake of those children and their futures. We  will bring it up again, and we will keep bringing up the facts of the  argument, not the emotion but the facts of the argument, and we will  win people over.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of the following nomination: Executive  Calendar No. 497.    I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the  nomination with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that  the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action; that no  further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the  nomination be printed in the Record.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business,  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Presiding Officer of the Senate be authorized to appoint a committee on  the part of the Senate to join with a like committee on the part of the  House of Representatives to escort the President of the United States  into the House Chamber for the joint session to be held at 9 p.m. on  Tuesday, January 30, 2018.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding the resolution of the Senate of January 24, 1901, the  traditional reading of Washington's Farewell Address take place on  Monday, February 26, following the prayer and pledge; further, that  Senator Peters be recognized to deliver the address.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday,  January 30; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning  hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date,  the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the  day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader  remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume  consideration of the Stras nomination; finally, that the Senate recess  from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m., and that all time during recess,  adjournment, morning business, and leader remarks count postcloture on  the Stras nomination.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator Casey.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   