 Mr. President, I have been pleased to hear about the  progress in the planned negotiations with North Korea over their  nuclear program. I was glad to hear of Director Pompeo's successful  visit to North Korea, and I, as much as anyone in this body, wishes the  administration success in these talks and negotiations. Given the  history of broken promises, I have my  [[Page S2374]]  doubts as to whether the North Korean regime has any genuine interest  or willingness to denuclearize, but even a freeze will be welcome.   However, I am concerned about the language used by the President  today when discussing the North Korean regime. To say that Kim Jong Un  has been ``very open'' or ``very honorable,'' as the President did,  surpasses understanding. If this description of one of the world's  strongman dictators were a singular event, a one-off statement, it  could perhaps be excused as an aberration, but, unfortunately, it is  not. It is part of a larger pattern of excusing dictatorial behavior  that we should not countenance.   We need not sacrifice the truth and reject objective reality in  pursuit of our goals. We cannot pretend that the Kim Jong Un of today  is somehow different from the authoritarian dictator who has ruled over  one of the most violent and repressive regimes on Earth.   I am happy to hear that the North Korean Government is apparently  engaging as an honest broker in the process of arranging these talks,  but I believe that how the President of the United States describes  world leaders matters. For the President to describe a leader who  stands credibly accused of starving his own people, violently executing  his political opponents, and murdering members of his own family as  ``very open'' and ``very honorable'' is beyond comprehension.  Furthermore, it undermines the moral authority we have long possessed  on the world stage.   The President himself has previously declared Kim Jong Un as  ``obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his own  people.'' The President has also repeatedly and correctly referred to  the North Korean regime's violent torture of Otto Warmbier as  ``horrible.'' The pursuit of these negotiations does not require that  we surrender the values we stand for as a nation.   We cannot pretend the atrocities of the Northern Korean regime are a  thing of the past. We need to enter these negotiations with our eyes  wide open. We must understand and recognize who it is we are sitting  across the table from. Only then do I believe we will actually succeed  in these negotiations and emerge from this planned summit with the  result we all seek--a safer world.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   