 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Missouri for  sharing Frankie's story with us today, the fight for progress, and the  life she lived.   I was thinking last night as we were debating here on the floor about  one of the ways that Martin Luther King summarized how we move forward  toward justice. He said that it takes ``the tireless exertions and  passionate concern of dedicated individuals.'' That is what it takes to  move us forward, and it sounds as though she was every bit the tireless  individual, the passionate individual, who worked to advance justice.   I thank my colleague for sharing that story.   Speaking of fighting and justice, we have a lot to talk about. We are  here in the middle of the Trump shutdown. Last night was quite  interesting. Democrats came to the floor and said that we need to keep  the government open. We want to have a debate and a vote on a provision  to extend the government by 24 hours so that we could really force  leadership to get in the room and work out a resolution on multiple  issues that are already bipartisan issues.   It shouldn't be that hard, but the majority leader, who is in control  of this body, proceeded to say that he objected. It takes unanimous  consent to get to a bill, so he sealed the deal on the Trump shutdown.  He made sure this body couldn't debate or vote on keeping the  government open for another day.   Senator Nelson put that forward, and then Senator Tester tried to  say: OK, let's take a little more time. If you don't think you can do  it in a day, how about 3 days? Senator Tester moved to proceed to  consideration of an amendment that would provide a continuing  resolution for 3 days--to keep the government open 3 days to force our  leadership on both sides to sit down and work out the details on these  bipartisan proposals.   Again, the majority leader objected. He sealed the deal on the Trump  shutdown. Then he had the gall to come to this floor and blame others  when he is in charge. This blame game by those who are in charge is  fascinating. Republicans are in control of the Presidency. Republicans  are in control of the House. Republicans are in control of the Senate.   The Republican leader objected to debating an extension for our  government to stay open. Not once, but twice last night, he blocked it.   Well, it is very clear where the responsibility lies for this  situation, which never occurs here in the United States--no. President  Trump, back in 2013, said that the responsibility for a shutdown--this  was when President Obama was in office. He said that it always comes  back to the President. Well, how true those words are today.   In 2013, there wasn't unified control. You didn't have the same party  in charge of the Presidency and the House and the Senate, so it was a  little bit of a more mixed-up story. But then Citizen Trump said: It is  all the President's fault. Now we have a different situation where the  same party controls all three settings.   Let me tell you that the mechanism by which the Senate operates has  [[Page S385]]  changed dramatically. You can think of the possibility of offering  amendments on the floor of the Senate. Here is an amendment box. You  can take and put your proposal in that box so that you can get it in  line to be debated. But the majority leader has the ability to close  that box and put a padlock on it. That is what Mitch McConnell did.   The technical term here is ``filling the tree,'' but that is a little  hard to picture, so let's talk about the amendment box. He put a  padlock on it and said that there would be no Democratic amendments  considered. He has that power under the rules of the Senate.   Then he did something else, which is interesting, which really is a  new level of obstruction of dialogue here in the Senate. He took that  box, and he put a tarp over the top of it. That tarp is another type of  motion that has to be resolved before you can even get to the  amendments to propose that one be taken out of the box so another can  be put in. In fact, if you were following the Senate last night, you  saw this very crazy motion in which the majority leader himself took  the tarp off the box--a resolution related to a motion to move the bill  to committee and back--so that he could change the amendments that he  put in the box. But that box remained completely forbidden ground for  Democrats to be able to participate in, to be able to put a bill on  this floor.   So it takes particular--I don't know what the right word for it is--I  guess ``determination'' to spin the politics for that individual who  has locked up the amendment box, preventing Democrats from putting a  proposal on the floor--even a bipartisan proposal supported by  Republicans--and then to blame Democrats, whom he has locked out of the  process.   Our responsibility is absolutely clear here. This Trump shutdown sits  with the President, who made an offer a week ago Tuesday and took it  back a week ago Thursday. He made another offer a couple of days ago. A  few hours later, he withdrew it. Yes, I want to take on these issues.  No, I don't. Yes, I do. No, I don't. The Democratic leader said it is  like negotiating with Jell-O. There is just no ``there'' there to be  able to have rational policy consideration.   This Trump shutdown is doing a lot of damage across this country. It  will do more damage with every succeeding day. And I say this directly  to the President of the United States: Get engaged. Your job is to  govern, to be part of the dialogue, not to be going off to Pennsylvania  to campaign, not to be ignoring issues until it is only 24 hours out  before we hit a deadline, not to be spending every weekend golfing and  making your personal schedule off limits so that the public won't see  that you are virtually never paying attention to governing. Mr.  President--and I am speaking to President Trump--get engaged. You have  a job to do. This is your shutdown, just as you said it was the  President's responsibility in 2013.   These issues that we are wrestling with go back to the middle of last  year because it was in the middle of last year when we were approaching  the deadline for the fiscal year, which ends at the end of September.  So it was time to get a bill for children's healthcare to this floor  and debate it and reauthorize it, renew it before we hit September 30.  It was the time to get the bill for our community health clinics to the  floor to be debated and reauthorized so that our community health  clinics would stay open. It was the time to get to the floor a bill to  take on the opioid epidemic.   But what was the Republican Party engaged in? They weren't engaged in  facilitating addressing healthcare problems. Oh, no. They were engaged  in a bill to try to wipe out healthcare for 30 million Americans. We  had five different versions of this bill here on the floor that wiped  out healthcare for 22 million to 30 million Americans, and by a bare  margin of a vote, we were able to block those bills. I thank my  Republican colleagues who joined in that effort.   They weren't interested in talking about children's healthcare,  community healthcare clinics, or the opioid crisis. Finally, when the  healthcare debate was sealed, what did they turn to? Not the governing  issue of spending bills that should have been done by October 1. Oh,  no, they had a different plan--a tax bill to deliver $1 trillion-plus  to the richest Americans. That was more important than children's  healthcare. Increasing wealth inequality was more important than our  children. Increasing income inequality was more important than our  children.    We, the Democrats, are saying stop--stop taking up the time of this  body on making the situation worse in America on healthcare, making the  deficit worse here in America, robbing the common fund to enrich the  richest Americans. Stop all of that. Instead, let's address all these  issues right before us.   The members of our communities who have gone to grade school, high  school, community colleges, colleges, who are working in our  businesses, doing so much for our community, their immigration status  isn't nailed down. There is bipartisan support to nail that down. That  is just and fair and right.   All of us have members in our communities who are contributing so  much, and they are being left in just an incredibly stressful limbo.  They deserve better.   I think the Democrats and the Republicans who have sent us--here it  is, a bipartisan deal waiting to happen, but President Trump says yes  today and no tomorrow. He says yes in the morning and no in the  afternoon. Quite frankly, the Republican leadership does the same  thing.   So quit saying yes and no and just say yes. Let's get this bipartisan  deal done. Let's get the opioid funding done. It is an epidemic. It is  killing more people in America than traffic accidents. Let's get help  in the right place.   Yes, let's get the children's healthcare bill done. Senator Stabenow  asked unanimous consent for immediate consideration of the bill for  permanent CHIP funding. Who said no? The Republican leader came to the  floor and blocked it because he is in charge. He has the amendment box  all locked up, so Democrats can't even put a bipartisan proposal before  this body.   I thank Senator Nelson for fiercely fighting to keep us open for  another day for negotiations. I thank Senator Tester for fighting and  putting forward the proposal to stay open for 3 more days while we  force negotiations to get these important issues addressed. I thank  Senator McCaskill, who just spoke, for working hard to get a bill  before this body that would ensure that the pay and death benefits for  members of the armed services are taken care of.   Who said no in every situation? Who said: I am keeping a lock on the  amendment lockbox? Mitch McConnell, the Republican leader of the  Senate--complete control.   This is no longer a deliberative body. A deliberative body debates  issues. A deliberative body invites proposals from all Members. This is  completely unlike the Senate I saw as a young man when I first came  here as an intern for Senator Hatfield in 1976. Then, each side offered  amendments, and they argued their hearts out. They voted, and a simple  majority sent an issue forward or killed it.   Now we can't even start a conversation, and when we do get an  amendment, it is by a supermajority. That is a rare event. Outside of  the reconciliation bills, which were a special provision for the  budget, we virtually have not had a single Democratic amendment all  through 2017. That is what has happened to the Senate, and that is why  we are here.   The responsibility is clear. This Trump shutdown should never have  happened. President Trump needs to get his act together and get  engaged. The majority needs to quit locking the amendment box so we can  have actual dialogue and debate on the floor. Republicans have to quit  blocking things both Democrats and Republicans have agreed to on  children's health, on community health clinics, on opioids, and on  legal status for our Dreamers.   This should not be a hard deal to close. Let's open up this  government, and let's get these issues dealt with and done for the  benefit of the citizens of the United States of America.   Thank you.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Hawaii.   