 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment, which would  restore funding to the Office of Technology Assessment, or OTA.   I would like to thank Representatives Foster, Esty, Delaney,  Langevin, Lieu, and Lujan for offering this amendment with me.   The foundation for good policy is accurate and objective analysis,  and for more than two decades, the OTA set that foundation by providing  relevant and unbiased technical and scientific assessments for Members  of Congress and staff. In 1995, the OTA was defunded, stripping  Congress of a valuable resource.   Many of the issues OTA studied 20 years ago, like antibiotic- resistant bacteria and electronic surveillance in the digital age, are  even more pressing today.   Mr. Chair, Congress needs access to unbiased technological expertise  to weigh the pros and cons of policy questions surrounding  cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, quantum computing, and so many  more matters. The recent Facebook hearings made it clear that many  Members of Congress struggle to grasp the policy issues surrounding  social media and data security.   I applaud the chairman and ranking member for including a study in  the underlying bill to look into the technological expertise available  to Congress. It is an important first step, but it is not enough.   Our amendment restores a modest $2.5 million to the OTA account for  salaries and expenses to begin rebuilding the office. The cost is  offset by a reduction to the AOC's capital construction and operations  account. This administrative account will not take resources from  specific construction projects.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the amendment to  restore funding to the Office of Technology Assessment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Foster).    Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr.  Ryan), the ranking member of the committee.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the majority for including  the report.   I just want to remind the majority also that the OTA was never  eliminated; it just was defunded. I believe it is time to fund it  again.   I refer back to the Facebook hearings in the Senate. I think people  on both sides of the aisle, liberal and conservative, and think tanks  observed that the first branch of government, which is the legislative  branch of government, needs to have the resources and the capacity to  do its own independent analysis.   That is why I believe so many of my Republican colleagues will  support this tomorrow. I hope everyone on both sides of the aisle  supports this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   