 Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the negotiations with  North Korea. I do so in my role as the ranking member of the  Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific.   I point out that, just a month ago, I joined with the chairman of  that subcommittee, Mr. Yoho, in sending a letter to the President  saying we now need tougher sanctions on North Korea. In particular, we  need to make it clear to the large banks in China that they can no  longer do business with North Korea.   We had our foot on the neck of Kim Jong-un. We needed to press it  down a little harder to get the concessions that we need. Instead, we  have a lifting of the efforts. Instead of ratcheting our sanctions up,  we are going to relax them. The word is out to businesses and banks in  China: You can do a little bit more today and a little bit more after  that.   This is a giant victory for Kim Jong-un. The negotiations will go  forward, but those negotiations will go forward with Kim Jong-un being  able to breathe because we no longer have our foot on his neck.   Four hours ago, the President tweeted: ``There is no longer a nuclear  threat from North Korea.'' He might as well have smiled with Kim Jong- un and said: ``Peace in our time.''   Now, I am not saying that what happened in Singapore is as fraught  with danger for the world as was what happened in Munich in 1938, but  what happened in Munich will illustrate for us that just because you  have a summit with smiles does not mean you are leading toward peace.   The President tweeted: ``There is no longer a nuclear threat from  North Korea.'' If you believe that, you probably believe that he has  been faithful to all three of his wives.   We hope that these negotiations lead to real peace. But so far, they  have led only to a big win for the person President Trump calls  ``Little Rocket Man.'' That is a big win for Little Rocket Man.   You see, the President's most famous book has been reissued. It is  now called ``The Art of the Capitulation.''   How do you exercise the art of the capitulation? You make enormous  concessions to the other side. You settle for vague platitudes. Then  you go on TV and say: This is the best deal ever.   Let's look at the concessions. The President has referred to our  military exercises as provocative and indicated that they will be  scaled back or eliminated. He has given the green light to Chinese  business and bankers to do business. He has given Kim Jong-un the  prestige of a meeting with the President of the United States, not  necessarily our most prestigious President, but a President of the  United States nevertheless.   What have we received in return? A vague statement about  denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula. But, as far as we know, North  Korea doesn't intend to do that until the entire world is  denuclearized. He also has released three American hostages and says he  will help us, allow us, to find some of the bodies of our fallen heroes  from the Korean war. Those are basic in human civilization. He releases  hostages, and for that, we give major concessions.   The one concession that we did not get is a halt for even a minute in  the creation of fissile material at Yongbyon. There, North Korea,  throughout the negotiations and while the President was tweeting, makes  more enriched uranium, more plutonium, and is building more bombs. That  didn't stop for a minute.   So we are told that there has been at least a pause in their testing  program. Keep in mind, Russia hasn't tested a nuclear weapon since  1990. Are we going to say that they don't have nuclear weapons capable  of reaching the United States and destroying our cities?   The fact is, North Korea has proven its nuclear capacity, so they can  go a while without testing. They are continuing to make more bombs that  they have already tested and proven.   We all hope that we reach a peaceful settlement. This has not been a  good start.   