 Mr. President, I rise to sound the alarm about the  President's decision to impose steep tariffs on our trading partners.   Make no mistake, we are not, as some administration officials have  suggested, in the leisurely early innings of a baseball game. We are in  the nascent stages of a full-scale trade war. Despite the President's  statement that this war will be easily won, any student of history  knows that unlike a baseball game, in which a winner is guaranteed, a  trade war only guarantees there will be losers.   Free trade allows the most efficient allocation of labor and capital.  Protectionism, on the other hand, stifles innovation and reduces  productivity. Recognition of this philosophy has been as close to a  consensus as this body has achieved in more than 70 years, and the  application of these principles has provided the foundation for growth  and prosperity that was unimagined by previous generations.   If tariffs aimed at our adversaries produce disastrous results, what  will happen when we target our allies?   Imagine claiming that imports from Canada represent a national  security threat. Well, that is exactly what we are doing. Canada is our  largest trading partner--a trading partner, coincidentally, with whom  we enjoy a trade surplus. Just yesterday, we learned of a phone call in  which Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau challenged the President's  use of national security as a justification for levying tariffs against  a steadfast ally. These new tariffs imposed on our allies will not and  are not going unanswered. A number of them have already introduced  retaliatory measures.   In March, when the tariffs on steel and aluminum were first  announced, I proposed legislation to block their implementation.  Yesterday, I joined with a bipartisan group of Senators, led by Senator  Corker, in introducing legislation to rein in the President's use of  section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 to justify protectionist  measures. This bipartisan group includes Senators from coast to coast  and from across the political spectrum.   The Constitution grants Congress the preeminent role in regulating  trade and tariffs. Congress must show leadership on this issue. We are  elected to be leaders, not followers here. It is not our charge to just  go along because the President shares our party affiliation, to throw  out our long-held beliefs just because they might complicate our  political standing.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Mark Bedrin, a  defense fellow in Senator Moran's office, be granted floor privileges  for the remainder of the 115th Congress.   