 Mr. President, Last year, just a few miles down the road  in Virginia, a disabled World War II veteran, Richard Cohen, woke up to  his burned American flag on his doorstep. Let me say that again.  Richard Cohen, who was wounded by German machinegun fire while  defending our freedom in World War II, woke up to his American flag  desecrated on his doorstep.   Unfortunately, this is just one of many astonishing stories of our  American flag being ruined. In fact, since 2014, there have been 50  known offensive acts of American flag burning. That is 50 times that  our symbol of freedom--that thousands of Americans have paid the  ultimate sacrifice for--was destroyed.   That is why I am here today, Flag Day, to speak about my  constitutional amendment that would prohibit the burning of the  American flag. The colors of the flag--red, white, and blue--symbolize  valor, purity, and perseverance. The American flag represents our  Nation's history and the character of our Nation's Founding Fathers.   Beginning with those Founding Fathers, the American flag represents  the patriotism and dedication of men and women who fought to defend our  Nation's freedom when our country was founded more than 200 years ago  today. Thousands of brave and selfless men and women have given their  lives in sacrifice and service to our country and in defense of our  flag.   That is why I have introduced this constitutional amendment to  provide Congress with the authority to prohibit burning of the American  flag. Our flag should be protected in honor of the countless American  servicemembers who have paid the ultimate sacrifice to defend it.   It is no wonder, by overwhelming majorities, our veterans and  organizations like the American Legion support this because they have  been on the frontlines defending our freedom.   Our veterans are the best example of why America is still the  greatest country on Earth and why our freedoms and our liberties are  worth defending.   In the words of that World War II veteran Richard Cohen, ``I served  under that flag and I bled for it, really, and it was a personal  affront.''   The American flag has been a symbol of hope, a symbol of freedom for  centuries, and it ought to be respected. On this day, Flag Day, may God  continue to bless our troops, our veterans, and this great United  States of America.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   