 Mr. President, Montanans want to access and enjoy our  State's public lands, and for a very good reason. Nothing beats our way  of life in Montana--our hunting, fishing, hiking, biking, skiing,  backpacking, climbing, all with a backdrop of breathtaking views and a  very rich history of conservation. That is why Congressman Gianforte  and I introduced the Protect Public Use of Public Lands Act.   Our bill protects our pristine natural resources while also ensuring  that Montanans are able to recreate in U.S. Forest Service lands that  are not wilderness, but they have been locked up in regulatory limbo  for decades. Congressman Gianforte's second bill deals with similarly  locked-up Bureau of Land Management lands.   Here is what the Protect Public Use of Public Lands Act does. It  ensures public access to land within five wilderness study areas across  Montana. They are also called WSAs. While there are thousands more  acres of public land that are still in limbo, I put these five  [[Page S1353]]  WSAs in my bill for two simple reasons. First, the Forest Service  determined that these lands were not suitable for wilderness in their  final plan. In fact, that was a charge given by Congress in 1977. They  said: Go out and study these Forest Service lands and tell us which  acres are suitable for wilderness and which are not.   The acreages I am proposing we should release are those that were  deemed not suitable for wilderness in the final plan by the Forest  Service.   Second, there is strong local support for unlocking these lands from  the grassroots up, including the Montana State Legislature, countless  local community members, and dozens of sportsmen, county commissioners,  and wildlife groups, including the Western Montana Fish & Game  Association and the Montana Sportsmen for Fish and Wildlife.   Unlocking these lands from a WSA does not--does not--automatically  authorize any particular use of the land. It simply opens up and allows  for public conversation about how the lands should be used by setting  up the planning process for public comment. In fact, protections like  the 2001 roadless rule, the Endangered Species Act, and the existing  forest and travel management plans remain intact. Do you know what this  means? You can't construct a new road, and that would be kept after the  release of the WSAs.   This has been a bottom-up approach from the get-go, and here is the  bottom line. Montana's public lands are meant for everyone. They are  meant for people who like to recreate in many different ways--for those  who love to hike, of course, but also folks who enjoy recreating with  mountain bikes, hunting, snowmobiling, and riding ATVs.   Creating access to our public lands is critical to Montana's jobs and  our $7 billion outdoor economy. In fact, communities in Montana  understand this is an important local economic driver that will  strengthen local economies that depend on outdoor jobs. In fact, just  recently, the Bureau of Economic Analysis agreed. They said that  outdoor recreation generates $373 billion of the GDP across our  country, mostly from motorized vehicles, boating, fishing, hunting, and  shooting. Our bill will help Montanans recreate with all of these uses  by unlocking our public lands.   