 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure.   In response to Ortega's brutal crackdown on peaceful protests and  human rights violations, I urge my colleagues to support H. Res. 981,  condemning the violence, persecution, and intimidation committed by the  Government of Nicaragua against its citizens.   As we know, the Nicaraguan people are suffering as the Ortega  government continues to punish citizens for pursuing greater democratic  rights. Since Ortega came into power, he has worked hard to consolidate  power in the hands of his family and party loyalists at the expense of  Nicaraguan citizens.   The peaceful protests that began in April initially opposed the  proposed government reform to social security. However, as Ortega  ordered violent crackdowns by government security forces, the  demonstrations gradually became a call for a more democratic Nicaragua.   The Catholic Church has attempted numerous times to mediate dialogue  between Ortega and opposition groups, but the Ortega regime has  repeatedly failed to uphold its end of the agreement. We are seeing new  reports every week on how Ortega's paramilitary forces are opening fire  against sanctuaries and shooting and injuring people seeking refuge in  churches across the country. It is shameful. As negotiations over  dialogue have devolved, hundreds of Nicaraguan citizens are estimated  to have been killed, with thousands more injured.   Recently, international observers from the Inter-American Commission  on Human Rights, the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, and the  European Union have arrived in Nicaragua to begin investigating the  violence. Now, many Nicaraguans are demanding political reform and the  resignation of Ortega and his wife before the scheduled elections in  2021.   Mr. Speaker, the United States cannot stand idly by and ignore the  demands of the Nicaraguan people while the Ortegas and his confidants  push the country towards authoritarianism. That is why my colleagues,  Congresswoman Ros-Lehtinen, Ranking Member Engel, Chairman Cook, and I  have introduced this bipartisan resolution condemning the ongoing  violence in Nicaragua. We are urging the administration to impose  sanctions on individuals who qualify under the Global Magnitsky Human  Rights Accountability Act.    I have also worked with my friend Ileana Ros-Lehtinen to pass the  Nicaragua Investment Conditionality Act, to hold the regime accountable  for its misuse of international loans. This bill would direct the U.S.  to not support international loans to Nicaragua until the government  increases transparency and has free and fair elections.   Unified pushback from the international community shows the  courageous Nicaraguans on the ground that the world stands shoulder to  shoulder with them. It is the only way for Ortega to see the writing on  the wall. He has to give up his grip and enact long overdue and  meaningful political reform that people are yearning for.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman Royce and Ranking Member  Engel for their continued bipartisanship on these important issues. I  urge my colleagues to support the resolution, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume for  the purpose of closing.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure.   In response to Ortega's brutal crackdown on peaceful protests and  human rights violations, H. Res. 981 condemns the violence,  persecution, and intimidation committed by the Government of Nicaragua  against its citizens.   The Nicaragua National Police, or militias, controlled by the  Nicaraguan  [[Page H7197]]  Government have murdered, detained, and tortured innocent people  peacefully standing up for their rights. Stories of Nicaraguan  protesters being electrocuted and waterboarded by gangs aligned with  the Ortega regime continue to horrify the international community.   While the Ortegas may condemn foreign interference in their affairs,  let us be clear: The United States condemns the violence, the  persecution, the intimidation, and the murders of peaceful protesters  by the Ortega security forces and his henchmen.   We support the people of Nicaragua in their pursuit for democracy,  including their call for free and fair elections overseen by credible  domestic and international observers, and we demand that Nicaragua  release those individuals wrongfully detained by the government.   Again, I want to thank the chairman and ranking member of the Foreign  Affairs Committee, Ed Royce and Eliot Engel. I want to take this  opportunity to thank Ed Royce for his last 3 years of bipartisan work.  I want to tell the gentleman that I really appreciate being on his  committee and serving with him on this committee. I thank the gentleman  for his service.   I also want to thank both my good friend Eliot Engel as well, who is  my counterpart on the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee, and Chairman  Paul Cook for their strong bipartisan leadership.   I also want to thank my good friend from Florida, Ileana Ros- Lehtinen, whom I have worked with and admired for many, many years, for  her decades of unwavering dedication to promoting democracy and human  rights around the world.   Mr. Speaker, I support this bill, and I urge all Members to do the  same.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5535.   I would like to thank Congressman McCaul, Chairman Royce, and Ranking  Member Engel for their bipartisan work on this timely issue.   As it has for decades, energy will continue to play a key role in  shaping United States foreign policy. But the international landscape  is changing, and so are the players.   Global energy demand is set to rise 30 percent by the year 2030. This  reflects an expanding global economy, rapid industrialization,  population growth, urbanization, and improved energy access among  developing countries.   For the United States to maintain a leading role on the global stage,  the State Department must be positioned to protect and promote  favorable energy policies abroad. The Energy Diplomacy Act of 2018  helps this effort by creating an Assistant Secretary of State for  Energy Resources and requiring the State Department to employ  sufficient personnel dedicated to international energy matters.   By passing this legislation, we can prepare the State Department to  engage in robust energy diplomacy and encourage strong international  partnerships that promote our own political, economic, environmental,  and national security concerns.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, the United States has long recognized that global energy  security and cooperation are necessary to advance our economic, foreign  policy, and national security interests. We must work with our  established friends and allies to seize the opportunities and address  the challenges we face. We must also work with the emerging economies  that account for an ever-increasing amount of energy consumption and  production.   H.R. 5535, the Energy Diplomacy Act, takes an important step toward  ensuring that the State Department has the leadership and the capacity  it needs to appropriately advance this critical aspect of U.S. foreign  policy.  [[Page H7199]]    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   