 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, before we vote this afternoon, I want to  thank my colleagues in the Senate, provide a status update on the  appropriations processes before us, and urge the Senate to stay the  course.   First, I thank Leaders McConnell and Schumer for bringing this  package to the floor and facilitating an open amendment process.   I also thank the bill managers--particularly Senator Alexander--for  their work in crafting strong bipartisan bills and keeping the process  on track.   In addition, I express my appreciation to Senator Leahy, the vice  chairman of the Appropriations Committee. Vice Chairman Leahy is a man  of his word, and that has been essential to the committee's ability to  move bills.   Finally, I thank all of my colleagues for their cooperation and their  input during floor consideration of this package.   At the outset of this debate, I challenged all Senators to follow  through on their calls for a return to regular order. To that end,  several amendments received up-or-down votes on the floor, and dozens  more from both sides were included in the managers' package. We also  rejected controversial authorizing provisions for the good of the  process.   As we are getting ready to vote on final passage, I hope my  colleagues agree that we are headed in the right direction. I recognize  that this package must still be reconciled with the House version  before we can get it to the President's desk, but I am optimistic that  we can do that in short order.   We also cannot forget that nine other appropriations bills remain.  The Appropriations Committee has already reported seven of these  remaining bills to the full Senate, all with strong bipartisan margins.   This week, the committee will mark up the final two appropriations  bills--Defense and Labor-HHS--and I am hoping for a similar result.   While we are about a quarter of a way through the 2019 appropriations  process, we still have a long way to go, but we do have a framework for  success--no poison pill riders, no new authorizations of law, no  nongermane provisions. I have said it many times before, and I will  keep saying it: This is the basis of the agreement I have with Vice  Chairman Leahy. This is the approach our subcommittee chairmen and  ranking members have adopted in producing strong and balanced bills.  This is the way to avoid the catch-all spending measures and shutdowns  we all detest. This is how the appropriations process is supposed to  work. This is simply what the American people expect both parties to  do.   Looking ahead, I don't think any of us are naive about the potential  for partisan politics to snake its way back into the appropriations  process. Tomorrow is a different day, as we know, after all. But we all  have a constitutional responsibility to allocate taxpayer money in a  deliberate manner, and we have a viable path forward. So it is my hope  that today marks a new day for the appropriations process in the U.S.  Senate.   To all of my colleagues, I want to thank you for your cooperation. I  ask that you continue to work with us in the weeks ahead so that we can  successfully pass all 12 appropriations bills on the Senate floor.   With that, I urge my colleagues to support the bill that will come  before the Senate in a few minutes.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   