 Mr. President, on Friday, Senators Flake, Collins, and  Murkowski, joined by Democratic Senators Coons, Klobuchar, and others,  made the only fair move to demand that the FBI investigate the credible  allegations of sexual misconduct by Supreme Court nominee Brett  Kavanaugh. It was the right thing to do. It was fair to both Dr. Blasey  Ford and to Judge Kavanaugh.   For too long Republicans have rushed this process forward and likely  would have rushed to a final vote if not for the prudent and bipartisan  effort of those Senators to demand a full FBI investigation.   What is important now is for the FBI investigation to be serious,  impartial, and thorough, to ferret out the facts and do so quickly.  That means interviewing all--all--of the relevant witnesses and  accepting corroborating accounts when they come forward. It also means  following up on any leads that emerge from the process of the  investigation.   The FBI has ample resources to do this within the 1-week period  requested by the members of the Judiciary Committee. No one is asking  that it take longer than a week, but everyone is asking that it be done  thoroughly and completely within that week.   There is concern that the White House has placed severe constraints  on the investigation. Until today, the President tried to dodge that  responsibility, with the White House even saying the Senate is somehow  responsible for the scope of the investigation. Let me be clear. The  Senate has no control over the scope of an FBI investigation of this  sort--only the White House.  [[Page S6402]]    A few hours ago, I was glad to hear President Trump say he would like  to see Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh interviewed by the FBI as part of  this investigation and that the FBI should be able to interview  anyone--anyone--appropriate. We have to now make sure that those  comments reflect what the White House has officially told the FBI.   Democratic Senators, led by Ranking Member Feinstein, have asked the  White House what parameters it is giving to the FBI, but we haven't yet  received the reply, so we need an official document from the White  House made public so the whole country knows what the scope is, and it  should outline the scope of the investigation.   We told the President: If you are truly giving the FBI the ability to  follow the facts wherever they lead, show us; show us what White House  Counsel Don McGahn has instructed the FBI. Because prior to President  Trump's off-the-cuff comments in the Rose Garden, there were rumors  that the majority staff of the Judiciary Committee were drawing up  limited interview lists for the FBI and otherwise circumscribing the  investigation. Partisan staffers on the Judiciary Committee should not  exercise any constraints over this investigation.   Democratic staffers asked the Republican majority staff to get on the  phone with Counsel McGahn to discuss what should be the parameters, and  they were told: Forget it. It is the same partisan staff who has  blocked documents, who has operated in a purely partisan way, and who  couldn't come up with an agreement when these things had always been  done in a bipartisan way. To let the partisan Senate staff on the  Republican side dictate the terms of this investigation would be wrong.   Ultimately, President Trump and Counsel McGahn know the buck stops  with the White House. It is only they who can instruct the FBI. Now  that the President has said he wants a full investigation, that he  wants both Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh to be interviewed, we assume  that will happen, but we want to make sure Mr. McGahn tells the FBI  just that.   The Senate and the American people deserve to know what is the scope  of the investigation because this investigation must be done in a  manner that allows the public to have confidence in its findings.  Whether you are for or against Judge Kavanaugh going to the Supreme  Court, it will only benefit the country if the investigation is  regarded as fair, clear, and not constrained, particularly by partisan  means. For that reason, we hope the FBI will be available to brief the  Senate on the results of the investigation before a final floor vote.   Democrats are not interested in delay for the sake of delay. This can  all be completed quickly, but it must be done right.   We are a society based on the rule of law. It is therefore crucial  that the American people have faith in the judiciary, especially the  Supreme Court.   Our job as Senators is to decide if someone has the intelligence, the  temperament, the independence, and the credibility to earn the title of  Justice for a lifetime. Character matters. Character matters deeply.   Anyone who watched the Judiciary Committee hearing on Thursday should  have serious, if not disqualifying, doubts about Judge Kavanaugh's  credibility and independence--qualities we should expect in any Supreme  Court Justice.   First, let me address the nominee's independence. After Dr. Blasey  Ford's courageous, polite, detailed, and credible testimony to the  committee, Judge Kavanaugh embarked on a partisan screed, angrily  implicating sitting U.S. Senators in a conspiratorial plot to destroy  his nomination. He even had the temerity to label the recent  allegations a part of some ``revenge of the Clintons,'' an absurd and  shopworn boogeyman of partisan Republicans from the Gingrich era on  forward. That was from Judge Kavanaugh's prepared opening statements.   When questioned, Judge Kavanaugh impugned the motives of sitting  Senators, rudely interrupting and dismissing questions in a way I have  never seen tolerated from a witness. Judge Kavanaugh asked a Democratic  Member of this Chamber whether she had ever blacked out from drinking-- an offensive question asked by a nominee who was there to provide  answers, not evade answers by asking very nasty questions.    It was quite clear from Thursday's testimony that Judge Kavanaugh  harbors deep, deep partisan resentments. That is not the kind of  Justice we need on the Supreme Court.   I must say, this isn't the first time I thought that Judge Kavanaugh  was too partisan. When he came before the Judiciary Committee in 2004  and 2006, I noted that he was involved in every major legal partisan  fight of the Clinton and Bush eras, from Ken Starr to Bush v. Gore,  from torture to signing statements to Manny Miranda's theft of  Democratic emails. I wondered then, as I do today, whether we should  promote a loyal partisan warrior to a position that calls for  independence and judiciousness.   Frankly, Judge Kavanaugh's testimony was a stunning display of  partisanship and recrimination that solidified my skepticism about his  objectivity and independence. I understand these issues are emotional.  I understand that his character was being questioned. But rather than  providing sincere and measured testimony in his defense, which would  have been far more effective, Judge Kavanaugh revealed that his world  view is skewed by a very partisan lens.   Let me address probably the most important question about Judge  Kavanaugh: his credibility. President Trump has suggested that it  doesn't matter what someone did 36 years ago in high school. Whatever  view you take of that notion--I believe, given the seriousness of what  Dr. Ford said, it should matter--the question about Judge Kavanaugh's  credibility is one that weighs on us today, on his behavior right now.  It is a question not about what Judge Kavanaugh did as a 16- or 17- year-old but what he has said as a 53-year-old nominee to the Supreme  Court.   The harsh fact is that we have mounting evidence that Judge Kavanaugh  is just not credible. He has dissembled about the Bush administration's  policies on torture, the nomination of controversial judges, grand jury  proceedings, and the theft of Democratic emails. Thursday's hearing  provided fresh examples of Judge Kavanaugh's difficult relationship  with the truth. Judge Kavanaugh gave answers about his yearbook page,  supposed drinking games, and high school behavior that simply defy  credulity. Judge Kavanaugh said he ``never'' drank so much that he  forgot events--a characterization that does not track with multiple  descriptions made by many high school and college classmates.   So the 64,000 dollar question is this: Is Judge Kavanaugh credible?  Will Judge Kavanaugh say anything, deny anything, mislead about  anything to secure confirmation to the Supreme Court? Does he have the  integrity, the independence, the credibility to do the job? Does Judge  Kavanaugh deserve the promotion of a lifetime, for a lifetime? These  very serious questions about Judge Kavanaugh's state of mind and who he  is today, not who he was in 1982, should weigh on the conscience of  every Senator.   In my experience with Judge Kavanaugh, in 2004, in 2006, and again  throughout this process, I am left with the impression that Judge  Kavanaugh would dissemble, mislead, even prevaricate--even  prevaricate--about everything from the momentous to the mundane-- whatever it takes to cast his nomination in the most favorable light.  Faced now with the gravest of allegations and the sincere testimony by  a very courageous woman, I believe the Senate should consider the issue  of credibility to be front and center in deciding whether Judge  Kavanaugh deserves a seat on the bench--a lifetime appointment to the  most important court in the land.   I yield the floor.   