 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as if  in morning business.    Mr. President, let me begin where the majority leader  stopped.   It is a true story about the tunnels. Senator Corker was curious  about smuggling supplies from Egypt to Gaza. Others of us might have  asked somebody about that--not Bob Corker. He hailed a Jeep, rode to  the border, inspected the tunnels, took photographs, and as the  majority leader said, when he met with Benjamin Netanyahu that  afternoon, showed him the photographs. Netanyahu was startled. The  Prime Minister of Israel might have been surprised by Bob Corker's  conduct, but none of us who knew Bob Corker were surprised.   As Senator McConnell said, Bob Corker is always a man on a mission,  with little regard for the obstacles in the way.   In 1978, age 25, he had saved about $6,000, and he started a  construction company. A friend of mine in Maryville, my hometown,  worked for him as he built a shopping center in Blount County. My  friend said: I always knew that that Corker was going to amount to  something.   After his experience in Haiti that Senator McConnell discussed, he  also began to apply his skills of construction to help find decent  homes for nearly 10,000 people in Chattanooga.   I met Bob Corker 25 years ago. It was 1993. His friend Jimmy Haslam,  who was his roommate at the University of Tennessee, called me and said  he had this friend who was thinking about public service, and he  wondered if I would talk to him. Jimmy Haslam is today the owner of the  Cleveland Browns. When they first knew each other, I believe, according  to Corker, they spent a lot of their time sitting on the roof of the  fraternity house at the University of Tennessee drinking beer.   Nevertheless, Bob Corker and I walked up and down the beach at Hilton  Head, SC, for what must have been an hour and a half. In his typical  Bob Corker way, he was weighing both sides--all sides--of the issue.  Should I run for the U.S. Senate? Should I run for Governor of  Tennessee--which might be better suited to somebody with his executive  background.   He ran for the U.S. Senate in 1994, which would have been a very good  year for a Republican to do that, with one exception. He had a primary,  and he was defeated by Bill Frist, a doctor who had never before been  involved in politics. Some people said it really amounted to Frist--for  these two rookies who were running against each other in a primary-- Frist just spent more of his money to beat Corker than Corker spent of  his to beat Frist. In any event, Frist came here and even served as the  majority leader of the U.S. Senate.   Of course, that didn't slow Bob down more than about 10 minutes. The  new Governor of Tennessee, Don Sundquist, invited him to become, in  effect, the chief operating officer of our State government.   There, we saw the first indications of diplomacy that we now see  today in his work around the world. He began to work with the  Democratic mayor of Nashville, whom Governor Sundquist had just  defeated in the Governor's race, and together they brought the Titans  to Nashville and to Tennessee--which, by the way, play the Jaguars  tonight at 7:20.   Bob earned so much respect from the Democratic legislature that  existed then that they tried to persuade him to run for Governor as a  Democrat, but he said no, and he returned to Chattanooga and jumped  back into business. Real estate companies were what he became involved  in, and then he became the mayor of Chattanooga in 2000.   Now, he would be the first to tell you that Chattanooga was already  on a roll, that a lot of people had a lot to do with Chattanooga's  success, but everybody else will tell you he was the best, fastest  runner to have on the last stage of the relay team because he took what  was already beginning to happen in Chattanooga and put it into high  gear, lay the groundwork for what eventually attracted Volkswagen to  put its  [[Page S7326]]  North American manufacturing plant there and to have the country  generally regard Chattanooga as one of the most, if not the most,  desirable, midsized cities in America. He was enormously successful as  a mayor.   Then, in 2006, the man who had defeated him in his Senate race 12  years earlier, decided to retire from the Senate, and Bill Frist  persuaded Bob Corker to run for his seat. Maybe Bill Frist didn't tell  Bob the whole story. That was a tough year for Republican candidates,  and it was a different race. It was the closest race in our State's  history for the U.S. Senate, and Bob nearly lost it, but he did  something that almost no one would do, whether they are a politician or  an executive.   Six or eight weeks before the election, he understood he was about to  lose it, and he completely changed what he was doing. He moved his  campaign headquarters to Nashville; he hired a new team; and he began  to tell the story of who Bob Corker really is, instead of some  Washington ad man's version of it, and so we began to learn about his  interest in Haiti and about the 10,000 people whose homes he had helped  find in Chattanooga and about his work to restore that city and to lead  our State and recruit the Titans. People liked that. He was elected. He  had the privilege of being the president, the secretary, and the  treasurer of the freshman Republican Senate class that was sworn in, in  2007. He was the only one.   When Bob first came here, the truth is, at first he was bouncing off  the walls. He was a lot like many executives who come to this body and  find it a very unusual place to be and to work. That didn't last very  long. As the majority leader said, he jumped in right away.   Without repeating all of those things, there was the financial  crisis, there were the problems with the auto industry. I would think  Bob probably learned as much about General Motors as the General Motors  board of directors knew, and he showed that as he worked with them. He  was unafraid to talk to the managers or to the union about what needed  to be done.   He became really focused on the Federal debt of this country and  seeing it as our biggest challenge, and I don't think there is anyone  in this body, over the last 12 years, who has been more consistent in  trying to point out what the real problem is--the entitlements. He even  came up with a plan and introduced a bill to deal with it. The only  problem is, he and I are the only two cosponsors of that bill. So as he  leaves, that is a problem he highlighted, but we still have to work on.   He thought about not running for a second term. He was discouraged,  to some degree, about how the place works, but he had already  accomplished so much that he decided to do it, and so he continued his  habits of being up early, reading everything he could get his hands on,  calling everybody he could think of, traveling to 70 countries,  worrying about issues and saying what he thought--always trying to do  it in a bipartisan way because he understood that is how you get  results, and he wanted results.   Bob Corker voted with the majority of Republican Senators 85 percent  of the time, but he always has been a conservative who prizes results  over speeches. In 2015, he became chairman of the Foreign Relations  Committee and began to deal with the issues Senator McConnell  mentioned--Iran, sex trafficking, and others. His tough-minded  pragmatism and grasp of economics has restored prestige to the Foreign  Relations Committee. His skills are reminiscent of the skills of the  man we honor this week and the team of George H.W. Bush and what he was  able to accomplish in foreign policy.   When Time magazine picked him in 2015 as one of the world's 100 most  influential leaders, I wrote about that incident at the border of Gaza  and I said this at the time: ``If Bob Corker is not President of the  United States himself, he is an obvious choice for Secretary of State  or for the Treasury,'' which is exactly what happened when President  Trump was running and was elected in 2016. He considered Senator Corker  for Vice President, then for Secretary of State, and, more recently,  for Ambassador to Australia. Of course, over this time, Senator Corker  has demonstrated with President Trump the same thing he did with  President Obama--that he was not afraid to work with him and he was not  afraid to challenge him.   This produced some sparks. I have told both President Trump and  Senator Corker that they shouldn't worry about those sparks very much  because that is just the way developers and contractors talk to each  other. I know both men well enough to know that deep down there is a  lot of mutual respect between the two of them.   For me, these 12 years of working with Bob Corker have been a joy. It  is well known that Senators--especially Senators from the same State,  especially Senators of the same political party--don't always get along  well with each other. This is a body that operates by unanimous  consent. This is a body where relationships matter. Bob Corker and I  have followed the old rule that Senator Howard Baker and Senator Robert  Byrd followed: I won't surprise you if you won't surprise me. We not  only didn't surprise each other, but we looked out for each other. We  respected each other's work, even though we didn't always agree. Our  staffers saw that. So they worked the same way, and I am convinced the  people of Tennessee were the beneficiaries of that, because when they  approached the Corker staff and the Alexander staff or either one of  us, I think they found that one plus one equals three, not two, and  that the people for whom we work are the beneficiaries.   Peyton Manning once said that he hoped Bob Corker would serve in the  United States until he was 100 years old. I think that was really to  get people to quit asking Peyton Manning to run for the U.S. Senate,  because he knew better than to get involved. While I am looking forward  to working with Marsha Blackburn, who is Bob Corker's successor, I have  to admit that I agree with Peyton Manning.   Bob Corker has done as a U.S. Senator what every Tennessean and every  American should hope a U.S. Senator should do. He has gotten up early,  determined to find some way to make the country a little better, read  everything he could find, talked to everybody he could find on the  telephone--anybody he thought knew anything about an issue he cared  about--and jumped into it with both feet, saying exactly what he  thought was the right thing to do for the country and usually coming  out with a result that did just that.   It has been a privilege to serve with him and to know better  Elizabeth and their wonderful family. I look forward to watching what  has to be one of the best upcoming shows in town, which will be  whatever Bob Corker decides to do next.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, there is uncertainty reported in the  news about the trade agreements and discussions that the President of  the United States and the President of China had last weekend, but one  thing is certain: The agreement that President Trump and the President  of China made last Saturday concerning fentanyl--a deadly synthetic  opioid which is mostly produced in China and which is the largest  growing contributor to opioid deaths in the United States--will save  thousands of American lives.   Last Saturday evening, President Trump and President Xi announced  that China will designate all fentanyl-like substances as controlled  substances, which will make the selling of fentanyl subject to the  maximum penalty under Chinese law.   Fentanyl is a synthetic opioid. It can be 100 times stronger than  opioid prescription pills. It is the source of the greatest increase in  opioid overdoses in our country.   According to our Drug Enforcement Administration, one way or another,  almost all of the fentanyl that is used in the United States comes from  China. Here is how: Traffickers in China modify the chemical makeup of  fentanyl to bypass the authorities. Scheduling all fentanyl-like  substances as a class, which is what President Xi agreed to do, is the  single most important step that could be taken to stop the flow of  deadly fentanyl from China into the United States.   Let me tell you a story about one action that helped us get to that  point. About 4 weeks ago, I led a senior delegation of five Senators  and two Members of the House of Representatives to Beijing to meet with  Chinese leaders. They, of course, expected us to talk about  agriculture, energy, and trade issues, which are sources of major  disagreement between China and the United States, and we did, but at  the urging of the U.S. Ambassador to China, former Iowa Governor Terry  Branstad, we made fentanyl and the opioid crisis the primary point of  our visit.   President Trump had already mentioned fentanyl to President Xi a few  months earlier, and China had already taken steps to help the United  States by stemming the flow of fentanyl into our country. China  announced that it was controlling 25 different substances of fentanyl.  The Drug Enforcement Administration told us while we were in China 4  weeks ago that after China took those steps, there was a dramatic  decrease in the amount of fentanyl available in the United States.   In other words, while we were there, we asked China to do more of  what it was already doing--instead of controlling just 25 types of  fentanyl, to control it all, make it all illegal. Controlling all of it  allows China's narcotics agents to go after anyone in China who  [[Page S7342]]  uses or produces fentanyl illegally or improperly. The Chinese  officials listened closely to us. They committed to working with us.  They made no promises at the time about what they would do, but with  each meeting we had, we found they must have talked to whomever we had  talked to at the previous meeting, and they were responsive.   The truth is, I believe they were surprised. They were surprised  first that we would make that the first point of our discussion when  they had assumed that we would likely be there to talk about tariffs on  soybeans and other issues. I think they were surprised to be reminded  of or to find out for the first time what a massive problem it is in  the United States. More people are being killed by opioid overdoses  than are killed by automobile accidents, and the fastest growing source  of those opioid overdoses is the synthetic stuff coming from China.   Some of them were surprised and a little defensive because they did  not believe it when we said to them--and I said to them directly that  one way or the other, almost all of the fentanyl we see in the United  States comes from China. It comes in the form of chemicals that are  made there in small processing plants. It is shipped to Mexico or to  Canada or through the mail, and then it is smuggled into this country  illegally. It is often in small plastic bags. It is a white powder.   One of the drug enforcement agents from Tennessee told me that once  when he had seized just one package of fentanyl in Dixon County, he  opened it, and he had to leave the room to keep from being overcome  because enough of it escaped into the air that it had an effect on him.  Just a few grams of this will kill an individual.   When we returned from China after our trip 4 weeks ago, I spoke about  that trip on the Senate floor. I said that China had the opportunity to  become the global leader in stopping synthetic opioids. I talked with  Ivanka Trump about our trip. She was helping the President prepare for  his trip to Argentina, where he saw leaders from many countries. He had  his dinner with the President of China last Saturday night. She helped  to make sure that it was a priority in his briefings and in his  preparation.   I talked to the President directly to report to him the good work  Ambassador Branstad had been doing in China; how 6 months ago, the  Ambassador had said to me: When you come to China, make this the focus  of your visit because the Chinese officials don't appreciate the  importance of this to the United States.   China doesn't have a fentanyl problem. They don't have people using  and overdosing from opioids. At one time, China had a terrible problem  with opium, but they don't today. So I think it was a surprise to them  to see how important it was to us.   I urged President Trump to thank President Xi when they met at the  G20 summit in Argentina for what China had already done and to ask the  Chinese to continue working with us to stem the flow of fentanyl into  the United States.   Last Saturday, at the end of the G20 summit, President Trump and  President Xi announced that China would do exactly what we asked them  to do. China will control all forms of fentanyl as a way of stopping  the flow of this dangerous synthetic opioid into the United States both  by mail and by smuggling through Mexico and Canada. President Trump  called this ``a game changer,'' and he deserves great credit for  persuading China to make the selling of fentanyl subject to the maximum  penalty under Chinese law.   In 2016, roughly 45 percent of opioid overdose deaths were due to  synthetic opioids like fentanyl--nearly half of the deaths. Remember,  there are as many deaths from overdoses as there are from automobile  accidents.   To be clear, this is not a problem the Chinese Government has caused,  but it is a problem the Chinese Government is helping us solve. Working  with our Drug Enforcement Administration and classifying 25 fentanyl  compounds caused an immediate and dramatic decrease in those chemicals  coming into the United States months ago. Now President Xi has agreed  to control all forms of fentanyl, which will make it easier for China  to go after anyone in their country who uses or produces fentanyl  illegally and improperly.   Opioid abuse is understood by the Senate and House of Representatives  to be our No. 1 health epidemic in the country. While most of the  country was watching the Kavanaugh hearings in October of this year, if  you had a split-screen television, you could have seen on the other  side of the television screen 72 Senators of both parties--5 committees  here and 8 committees in the House of Representatives--working together  to produce landmark opioid legislation to try to deal with our opioid  crisis.   Fentanyl, the white powder synthetic opioid, can be 100 times more  powerful than an opioid pain pill. A few grams can kill you, which is  why we have seen such a spike in overdose deaths. Among drug overdoses,  it is the fastest killer. Tennessee saw the number of deaths from  fentanyl overdose increase 70 percent in 1 year, between 2016 and 2017.   As I mentioned, in the legislation the President signed in October,  Congress has taken action. He called that new law ``the single largest  bill to combat a drug crisis in the history of our country.'' Those  were his words.   In addition to empowering the Food and Drug Administration to require  manufacturers to sell certain opioid pills in so-called blister packs  and expanding treatment and recovery opportunities, the new law  contains Senator Portman's STOP Act, which will help stop illegal  drugs, including fentanyl, at the border. It also includes the SALTS  Act, which closes a loophole that allowed manufacturers and sellers of  synthetic opioids like fentanyl to avoid prosecution by labeling the  opioids as ``not intended for human consumption.'' Congress has also  put the taxpayers' money where our mouth has been. Congress has  approved $8.5 billion since last March to combat the opioid crisis.    What President Trump and President Xi announced this weekend is the  single most important step that could be taken to stop the flow of  deadly fentanyl from China into the United States.   I thank Ambassador Branstad, the former Governor of Iowa and now our  Ambassador to China, for putting a focus on this, for leading our  delegation on this specific request, and for setting up the meetings we  had with Chinese officials. I also thank the staff members of the U.S.  Embassy there for all of their hard work. They were very helpful--Steve  Churchill, Rob Fordan, and Richard Jao.   I thank, again, the Chinese officials with whom we met. They gave us  a lot of time. If it were to be an hour's discussion, it was an hour  and a half. If we started out with fentanyl and it was news to them,  they took the time to understand it and talk about it. I thank Premier  Li Keqiang, Minister Zhao Kezhi, and Director Yang Jiechi. We saw all  of them, which included seeing the head of narcotics control and the  head of the police system in China.   I am grateful to the Chinese leaders for listening to our  congressional delegation and for President Trump and President Xi's  leadership in taking this action.   Some have asked since last Saturday: Well, will China do it? Will  this make a difference?   We know it made a difference before. President Trump asked China to  help with fentanyl, and China identified 25 forms of it. Our own Drug  Enforcement Agency says that it saw a dramatic decrease in fentanyl in  the United States immediately after that.   Now we are asking China to make all forms of fentanyl illegal. That  means that the crooks in China can't say: Well, they have made illegal  these 25 forms, but we will modify the chemicals enough so that we can  create chemicals to send to Mexico, Canada, and then to the United  States that are not illegal. That will not be possible once China  implements this. Once it implements these rules, I expect the rules to  be effective. China does a lot of things well. One thing it knows how  to do is to be a good policeman when something is against the law. I  would not want to be the person in China who is misusing, abusing, or  selling fentanyl illegally after these new rules go into effect.   We are asking China only to do what the United States is already  doing. We have learned that in order to be effective in controlling  fentanyl, we have to control all of it. We have to make all of  [[Page S7343]]  it illegal so that our narcotics agencies, our drug agencies, and our  policemen can deal with it.   What about the possibility that even if China does this, fentanyl  might be made in other countries? Well, maybe it would, but we could  take the same steps there that we are taking in China.   This is important in the larger sense. The President of China has  listened to the President of the United States, who has said twice to  him: Mr. President, fentanyl is a terrible problem in the United  States. One way or the other, China is the source of most of the  fentanyl that comes here. We believe the single most important thing  you could do to help us control that is to make it all illegal. The  President of China has said he will do that.   That kind of response, as President Trump said, is a humanitarian  gesture that, while it doesn't have to do with trade--it doesn't mean  more soybeans are going to be sold--it helps to develop a better  relationship between two countries that are not enemies but that are  competitors, and we have some big issues we need to work on.   There may be uncertainty in the air about some of the agreements that  came out of the dinner that the President of China and the President of  the United States had in Argentina last weekend, but there is no  uncertainty about this--that the agreement by China, at President  Trump's request, to make illegal all forms of fentanyl in China, all  classes of it, will save thousands of lives in the United States. China  will go from being the source of the biggest opioid problem that the  United States has to the country that is doing the most about it. For  that, all Americans should be grateful.   I yield the floor.   