 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I my consume.   Mr. Speaker, this bill designates a 13-mile segment of East Rosebud  Creek in the Custer National Forest as a wild river under the Wild and  Scenic Rivers Act.   This segment was nominated for designation in 1989, so 30 years later  it finally comes to Congress, and we are moving forward with the  recognition and protection it deserves.   The bill contributes to a proud legacy of preserving free and flowing  rivers for future generations, and I want to extend my congratulations  to the sponsor of the legislation and the entire Montana delegation for  their fine work.   I know there are several bills that have been introduced by Democrats  that seek to designate wild and scenic rivers in their districts. I  hope we can move those along as well by working together to make sure  these places also receive the appropriate attention as this particular  one did.   For now, Mr. Speaker, I am happy to urge my colleagues to join me in  supporting the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Lynch), who is the principal sponsor  of the legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   At the markup of H.R. 3777, we voiced our concerns that the  conveyance authorized by this bill does not include any standard  requirements such as, if it is sold, fair market value; if it is  conveyed, a reversionary clause. Unfortunately, the majority rejected  our amendment to include a reversionary clause.   We recognize that this property was identified as suitable for  administrative disposal, but that designation doesn't mean that it is  worthless. We are not being greedy or unreasonable, just mindful of  history and precedent.   With that said, we recognize how important this conveyance is to the  county, and we will save this particular fight for another day.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O'Halleran), the sponsor of the  legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I just want to take a moment to  acknowledge the Gila River Indian community, their leadership, which  has worked tirelessly and in very good faith with the Federal  Government in addressing the issues that led to these claims against  the United States.   I would like to congratulate them on this hard work and their  persistence, and I am happy that the passage of this bill will finally  implement a final part of their settlement.   I also want to take time to thank my colleague and friend from  Arizona (Mr. O'Halleran) for his leadership on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the legislation, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment would fully fund the  Department of the Interior's Office of the Inspector General.   By my count, there are at least 14 Federal investigations that are  either underway or completed into the current Secretary alone. That is  more investigations than the last four Interior secretaries combined.  Still more issues with the Secretary are under preliminary  investigation. Even more have not been announced to this date.  Interior's Office of the Inspector General is doing most, if not all,  of that work.   Funding and staffing shortfalls resulting from flat funding or small  cuts have caused the Office of Inspector General in recent months to  forgo investigations altogether. Investigation requests from Congress  and from tips originating within the Department of the Interior have  either been rejected or are awaiting resources to be freed up in order  to address them.   The Office of Inspector General is also referring a growing number of  hotline complaints to the Interior Department for investigation,  creating a situation in which the department is investigating itself.  Half of those referred complaints involve allegations of ethics  violations, sexual harassment, prohibited personnel practices, law  enforcement misconduct, and reprisal. Untrained supervisors conduct  many of these investigations without following standard protocols and  without collecting sufficient evidence. Specially trained, experienced  noncriminal investigators are needed to keep these investigations  within the Office of Inspector General.   The Office of Inspector General's independence from the office they  are examining is essential to their ability to conduct thorough,  unadulterated investigations, inspections, or audits. Now is not the  time to revert to the pre-Watergate days when an agency was in charge  of investigating itself.   This amendment would provide five additional investigators to focus  on administrative issues and up to six investigators in field offices  which also lets the Office of Inspector General's criminal  investigators focus on criminal misconduct instead of being pulled away  to help in other areas.   There are particular risks that are being unaddressed because of  current funding levels. The Department of the Interior paid out $10  billion in financial assistance and contracts in fiscal year '16 and  '17. During that time, there was about a 16 percent drop in audits.  Contracts and financial assistance are some of the highest risk areas  in terms of the potential for waste, fraud, and abuse.   My amendment would also provide five new auditors for the Office of  Inspector General which are needed to address contracts and financial  assistance which is responsible for a disproportionate share of the  Office of Inspector General's 20-1 return on investment.   I want to emphasize that. For every dollar we spend on the Interior's  Office of Inspector General, according to the Partnership for Public  Service, the taxpayer gets $20 back.   This amendment will help ensure that this scandal-ridden  administration doesn't monopolize the Office of Inspector General's  best people who are supposed to be rooting out waste, fraud, and abuse  in the agency. If there was ever a time to fully fund the Office of  Inspector General, it is now.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, the figures in the delayed  investigations, the deferred investigations and the need for additional  auditors were all in the $5 million indication by the Office of  Inspector General that that was what was needed in order to be able to  comply with the demands of their office and the demands that the public  and Congress have for assuring that all the agencies are running under  the protocols, the procedures, and the laws that we insist they do so  on.   Mr. Chairman, $2.5 million that is being requested in this amendment  would bring that total to $5 million, which is the amount that the  Inspector General has indicated is needed.   Mr. Chairman, I ask for a vote of approval on this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   