 Mr. President, I take this time to share with my  colleagues a report I released yesterday, which is the product of the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee. The report is called ``Putin's  Asymmetric Assault on Democracy in Russia and Europe: Implications for  U.S. National Security.''   I commissioned this report to be done early in 2017. I had to make a  decision on the allocation of resources, and I thought it was extremely  important that the American people and the international community  understand the breadth of Russia's campaign against democratic  institutions.   Yes, we saw it in 2016 in the U.S. elections, but that was only one  part of a much broader design, and I recognized we needed to devote the  resources at that time in order to make this report work. It is how  Russia has interfered not just here in the United States but in Europe.   I want to start with the statement that this is not a partisan  report. Yes, I commissioned it as the Democratic ranking member because  decisions had to be made early in 2017 on the allocation of resources.  I know the Presiding Officer knows, I worked very closely with Senator  Corker on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and throughout the  development of this report, I have kept Senator Corker informed.   The work of this report has relied upon the work of many Members of  the Senate on both sides of the aisle. In fact, I think the Presiding  Officer will recall the work we did--Democrats and Republicans--in the  passing of legislation in 2017 that held Russia accountable for its  maligned activities. I was proud that I had the strong cooperation and  support and leadership in developing that legislation from Senator  McCain, Senator Graham, and Senator Rubio, who contributed greatly to  the enactment of that legislation, and on the Democratic side, Senator  Menendez, Senator Shaheen, and Senator Durbin.  [[Page S155]]    This report is the accumulation of a year's work. It had  professionalism and dedication and patriotism of the very talented  staff at the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. I want to acknowledge  that because I know all of us recognize that our staffs are critically  important to the work we do in the Senate.   Damian Murphy was our captain on this project. He was the one who  provided the leadership to make sure we had a thorough report, that we  had an accurate report, and that our recommendations would be tailored  to make our Nation more secure. Terrell Henry provided incredible help  throughout the entire year. Laura Carey was an instrumental part of  getting this done. Megan Barkley helped us with making sure all of the  sources were properly cited.   I also want to acknowledge my Democratic staff leader, Jessica Lewis,  who really was the one who decided early that we could get this done  and encouraged me to move forward.   Lastly, this report has received considerable attention since I  released it yesterday--considerable attention--because this is the  first comprehensive report that has been authored that deals with  Russia's maligned activities, which are global in nature. Sean Bartlett  was capable of making sure this story would be heard. I thank him for  his professional work in the way we were able to get this report  circulated.   Following the 2016 elections, I thought it was important that we shed  more light on the Russian Government's efforts to interfere in  democracies beyond our own. Anyone who thinks the threat posed by  Russia is limited to hacking emails or the American election in 2016 is  missing the real story, and that is what this report shows.   We wanted to describe the scale and scope of this threat to make the  American people aware that the Russian Government's interference in the  2016 elections are part of a pattern of behavior and warn that Russia  could attack again in 2018 and 2020. The Kremlin is a learning  organization, and they are constantly perfecting and improving their  techniques.   This report is the first government report to lay out in detail  exactly how the Russians operate. Mr. Putin employs an asymmetric  arsenal that includes not just military invasions--and they do use  their military--but cyber attacks, disinformation and propaganda, and  support for fringe political groups. They have employed the  weaponization of energy resources. They have a network of organized  crime, and they have a system that is fueled by corruption.   This threat existed long before President Trump and will remain  following his tenure, unless he takes steps and we take steps to  address it.   Our report examines how the Russian Government has sought to  interfere in 19 countries across Europe. Many lessons are to be learned  from our allies in Europe that have shown his behavior can be deterred.  While many in the executive branch understand the threat and have taken  steps to address Mr. Putin's asymmetric arsenal, Presidential  leadership has been absent. Never before has a U.S. President so  clearly ignored such a grave and growing threat to our national  security, and without Presidential leadership, the United States will  remain uncoordinated in its response.   The Washington Post reported in December that the National Security  Council has not had a meeting on countering malign Russian influence-- more than a year after the intelligence community assessment that  Russia interfered in our elections.   Mr. Putin's rise to power in 1999 was cynical and opportunistic. He  capitalized on a war in Chechnya and apartment bombings in Moscow to  shore up his image as a strong hand that could steady the country after  the rocky 1990s.   To do so, this former KGB officer emboldened his security services to  play an outsized, criminal role in running the state. Mr. Putin's  regime used violence to stop those who opposed him in and outside of  Russia, cheated his way through the Olympics, and, through his security  services' connections with organized crime and money laundering, has  emboldened cyber theft and racketeering that has real-world  implications for U.S. companies and citizens.    Mr. Putin developed his techniques first at home against his own  people. In Russia, he repressed independent civil society, journalists,  and political opposition, while manipulating cultural and religious  influences, the media and information space, and a corrupt crony  capitalist system to shore up his own regime.   The tools in Mr. Putin's asymmetric arsenal are drawn from a Soviet  playbook but updated with new technologies. These include propaganda  and disinformation, cultivating political fringe, religious and  cultural groups as influencers, and weaponizing crime and corruption as  a system of governance.   In Europe, Mr. Putin's Russia has invaded countries, attempted coups,  cut off countries from energy in the middle of winter, temporarily  crippled governments with cyber attacks, created a whole new way to  exponentially spread fake news using bots and trolls, and used dirty  money as a weapon to attempt to buy candidates and political parties.  The report illustrates these events in more detail in the 19 countries  across Europe.   The international response to the Kremlin's arsenal has been a  patchwork. Some European countries have shored up their democracies in  ways the United States has yet to do, in a strategic, whole-of- government fashion. Europe's experience with Russia's meddling shows it  can be deterred, and the United States must take steps to deter Russia  now, as laid out in the report's recommendations.   The report helps us to understand why Mr. Putin is doing this. He is  doing this because that is all he has. Russia's economy is faltering.  It has a limited military capacity. It doesn't have many friends around  the world. Its economy is about 7 percent the size of the U.S.  economy--ranks No. 12 in the world. It is smaller than Italy or South  Korea or Canada, but we have to acknowledge he has had success with the  use of these tools, with the use of these weapons.   He has accumulated, by reported sources, more than tens of billions  of dollars of stolen wealth. He has a propaganda machine that has been  able to make him popular at home and accomplish many of his objectives  in other countries. He has slowed down Serbia's integration into the EU  and Ukraine and Georgia's ability to join NATO because of Russia's  troops located in its countries.   The report highlights the lessons we have learned from our Europeans.  It is interesting, the Europeans understood this risk before we did and  took action. The Brexit campaign in the UK, Russia was clearly engaged  in it. Prime Minister May has made a resolute public statement that  Russia's meddling is unacceptable and will be countered.   France looked at what happened in 2016 in the U.S. elections, and  they took steps. The Macron campaign was subject to cyber attacks with  emails from President Macron during the campaign. They were released  shortly before the runoff election, but France was prepared, and they  were able to counter that. The French Government worked with  independent media and political parties to expose and blunt the  dissemination of fake news.   In Germany, we saw the famous ``Lisa case'' that was fabricated by  Russian-sponsored news outlets in order to incite the Russian-German  community for an anti-migrant-type protest. The German Government  bolstered democratic cyber security capabilities, particularly after  the 2015 hack of the Bundestag, and the Interior Minister proposed  creating a Center of Defense Against Misinformation. Germany has acted.   In the Nordic countries, the states have largely adopted a whole-of- society approach, with an emphasis on education that teaches critical  thinking and media literacy. They have a curriculum in their school for  their schoolchildren to be able to differentiate between what is real  and what is fake in the news.   In Lithuania, the government diversified its supplies of natural gas.  All the Baltic governments have worked to integrate their electricity  grids to reduce dependency on Russia for energy needs.   In Spain, the Spanish Government has investigated, exposed, and cut  off significant money-laundering operations by Russia-based organized  crime.  [[Page S156]]    So what do we do about this? Russia has this plan to compromise our  democratic institutions. What do we do about it? Well, the report  spells out many, many recommendations. I am proud to say that many of  these recommendations have been championed by Members on both sides of  the aisle.   First, we call upon Presidential leadership. We need President Trump  to acknowledge the threat and establish a high-level interagency fusion  cell to coordinate all elements of U.S. policy on the Russian  Government's malign influence operations. The President should present  to Congress a comprehensive national strategy and work to get it  implemented and funded.   Second, the U.S. Government needs to support democratic institution  building and values abroad. We need stronger support for these  programs. The United States should provide assistance to help bolster  democratic institutions in European states.   Members of the U.S. Congress should conduct hearings and use their  platform to make democracy and human rights an essential part of their  agenda. I am proud of the work we have done in the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee. Working with Senator Corker, we have highlighted  human rights throughout the year, but we need to do more. The Senate  Foreign Relations Committee has recommended to the full Senate that we  pass legislation so we can start evaluating every country and its  ability to fight corruption, patterned after the ``Trafficking in  Persons Report'' on human trafficking. We need to get that bill enacted  into law.   Third, we need to expose and freeze Kremlin-linked dirty money. We  should declassify any intelligence related to Mr. Putin's personal  corruption and cut off Mr. Putin and his inner circle from the  international financial system. We know that the elite class in Russia  does not want to hold their money in rubles; they want dollars. We have  to deny them that opportunity. They also would like visas to visit the  United States; they don't want to be stuck in Russia. Those sanctions  have an impact, and we need to make sure they are enforced.   Fourth, we need to create a ``state hybrid threat actors''  designation and impose a sanctions regime. The United States should  designate countries that employ malign influence operations to assault  democracies as ``state hybrid threat actors.'' Those designated would  fall under a preemptive escalating sanctions regime that would be  applied whenever the state uses weapons like cyber attacks to interfere  with a democratic election or disrupt a country's vital infrastructure.  We need to make it clear that, yes, we want relations with all  countries, constructive relations, but if they are going to use these  weapons against our democratic institutions, we need to be prepared to  increase our sanctions against these countries.   Quite frankly, what we must understand is the importance of democracy  against what Mr. Putin is trying to do.   Fifth, we have to defend the United States and Europe against foreign  funding that erodes democracy. We need to pass legislation to require  full disclosure of shell company owners and improve transparency for  funding of political parties, campaigns, and advocacy groups. We have  bipartisan legislation to do that. Let's get that passed. We know that  shell companies are shielding illegal funds. Let's make sure that  Russia's game plan is not funded through shell companies that are  located here.   Sixth, we need U.S. leadership to build global cyber defenses and  norms and to establish a rapid reaction team to defend allies under  attack. We should push NATO to consider the implications of a cyber  attack within the context of article V and our ability to defend each  other. We should also lead an effort to establish an international  treaty on the use of cyber tools in peacetime, modeled on the  international arms control treaties.   Lastly, we need to hold social media companies accountable.  Government should mandate transparency for funding political  advertisements. This is the new way of communications. We have to catch  up with technology in our laws. We require traditional advertisers to  disclose all this information, but we have left social media alone  because we didn't know about it when we passed these laws. We have to  make sure that we have full laws on disclosure. Companies should  conduct audits on possible Kremlin-supported meddling in European  elections over the past several years. Companies should establish civil  society advisory councils and work with civil society and government to  promote media literacy.   That is just a sampling of some of the recommendations that are in  this report. It is pretty comprehensive, but I think it does give us a  game plan to understand that we can protect our national security, and  we must.   Following the end to World War II, the United States led the world in  constructing the liberal international order, underpinned by democratic  institutions, shared values, and accepted norms. It protects our shared  security, advances our interests, and expands our prosperity. Yet the  defense of that system of institutions and democratic principles is  anathema to Mr. Putin, who seeks to protect little more than his power  and wealth. It is therefore up to the United States and our allies to  engage in a coordinated effort to counter the Kremlin's assaults on  democracy in Europe, the United States, and around the world.   In closing, we must take care to point out that there is a  distinction between Mr. Putin's corrupt regime and the people of  Russia, who have been some of his most frequent victims. Many Russian  citizens strive for a more transparent and accountable government that  operates under the democratic rule of law, and we hope for better  relations in the future with a Russian Government that reflects these  values. We applaud the courage we saw very recently from the protesters  in Russia, who stood up against Mr. Putin because they want basic  freedom in their country.    I remember very clearly that when we passed the Magnitsky law that  holds those who violated the basic human rights, in Russia, of Sergei  Magnitsky, who was just doing his job as a lawyer--that they would be  denied our banking system and denied the ability to travel to this  country--when that bill was enacted, it was the people who were  protesting against the government who said: That law passed by the U.S.  Congress was the most pro-Russian bill passed by the U.S. Congress. We  stand with the people of Russia.   I am also the ranking Democrat in the U.S. Helsinki Commission. I  have worked for the Helsinki Commission for a long time. The Helsinki  Commission includes all the countries of Europe and the former Soviet  Union, the United States, and Canada. All countries had signed on to  the Helsinki Final Act. It talks about basic democratic principles, and  it gives each member state the right to challenge the activities of  every other member state.   We have an obligation to call out what Mr. Putin is doing because it  is not only against our national security interests; it is not only  hurting the people of Russia; it is against the commitments Russia made  in the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe.   The United States must work with our allies to build defenses against  Mr. Putin's asymmetric arsenal and strengthen international norms and  values to deter such malign behavior by Russia or any other country.   I stand ready to work with all of my colleagues to protect our  national security interests and to recognize the threat that Mr. Putin  poses to our democratic institutions. I look forward to a day when we  can truly have a better relationship with Russia because they stop this  assault on democratic institutions in Europe, the United States, or  anywhere in the world.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that floor  privileges be granted to Laura Carey, who is a fellow on the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee staff, on loan from the State Department,  during today's session.   