 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise with a heavy heart for the people  of Parkland, FL, and Stoneman Douglas High School, where yesterday 17  Americans were killed in the deadliest school shooting since Sandy  Hook. It was the 18th school shooting this year, and we are only  halfway through February.   Again, yesterday the scourge of gun violence visited an American  school, a place where our kids should be able to learn free from the  shadow of violence and mayhem. Again, we all watched the scenes with  children running for their lives. Again, a twisted soul got ahold of an  assault rifle and unleashed carnage on the innocent.   Even though we didn't see it, in millions of bedrooms and living  rooms in Americans' homes last night, 10-year-old, 8-year-old, 12-year- old children were saying: Mom, Dad, what happened? What do I do if this  happens in my school?   I address this Chamber knowing there are no words that could ease the  anguish and the sorrow felt by the parents of those 17 Americans, by  their friends and siblings, their neighbors and teachers.   As we remember the words of Scripture that tell us ``Blessed are  those who mourn, for they will be comforted,'' let us resolve to do  something--something--about the epidemic of gun violence in this  country.   Mr. President, on an entirely different matter, Senators from both  parties engaged in negotiations for months to find a solution that  would allow the Dreamers to stay in the United States as well as  provide border security. On several occasions, those discussions have  yielded results, including last night, when a bipartisan group of  moderate Senators reached a breakthrough agreement.   The spotlight now turns to the rest of the Senate and especially to  President Trump, who throughout these negotiations has not been  constructive. President Trump has shown a remarkable ability to snatch  defeat from the jaws of victory. President Trump, since he created the  problem by terminating DACA last August, has stood in the way of every  single proposal that has had a chance of becoming law. He turned his  back on not one but two bipartisan immigration proposals earlier this  year. I went so far as to put the President's wall on the table, and  still the President would not take yes for an answer.   Now President Trump seems eager to spike the latest bipartisan  compromise, potentially with a veto. Why?  [[Page S1133]]  Because it isn't 100 percent of what the President wants on  immigration? That is not how democracy works. You don't get 100 percent  of what you want in a democracy--maybe in a dictatorship. You have to  give and take. You have to compromise in order to make progress. We  have tried to do that in Congress, to solve a problem the President has  created. Yet, time and again, he has frustrated our efforts.   If the American people want to know why Congress can look so  dysfunctional, they ought to look to the other end of Pennsylvania  Avenue. If the President had been quiet, if the President had let us do  our work, a bipartisan compromise would have already passed this  Chamber with 65 votes, maybe more, and we would have a solution to  protect the Dreamers. But here we are. Let's hope it happens.   If President Trump rejects another bipartisan compromise, there is no  question that the American people will blame President Trump and no one  else for the failure to protect Dreamers. With an obstinate President  and a fractious House, I hope today the Senate rises to the occasion.   The Dreamers are watching this debate right now because their futures  depend on it. If we don't succeed, they face deportation to countries  they don't remember. They have lived in this country their entire  lives, pledged allegiance to our flag, built families, careers, served  in our military. They didn't break any laws. They were brought here  through no fault of their own. And despite their status, despite the  fear that comes with living in the shadows, they strived hopefully to  make a successful life in this country, which they love. What can be  more American than that? We owe it to them to find a solution that can  pass this body of Congress.   The only solution, unfortunately, that my friend the Republican  leader has offered is the very partisan Grassley bill--no input from  Democrats, no effort to compromise. We Democrats, on the other hand,  have supported several bipartisan agreements on the table. We are ready  to vote on them, including the genuine, bipartisan compromise that  moderates, Democratic and Republican, reached last night.   There are plenty of things for everybody not to like in this bill.  There is a lot I don't like in it, believe me. I think the wall will  not accomplish anything. It will be an enormous waste of money and will  be a terrible symbol of our America, replacing the beautiful lady who  stands in the harbor I represent. But compromise is compromise.  Democrats and Republicans will find provisions they don't want and  wouldn't include if they had written it. But we have to do our jobs  today. We have to rise above our differences, admit that no one will  get everything they want, and accept the painful compromises that come  with democratic government. That is what the Senate has done through  the centuries. It has been hard. People have anguished. In the past,  the Senate has risen to the occasion. Can it do it today? I say that to  my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. No one else seems willing to  do it--not the House, not the President. It is the Senate--what  President Washington famously called the cooling saucer for our  politics--that can show the Nation how to lead, that can show the  Nation what bipartisanship looks like, what compromise looks like, what  progress looks like. The Senate can do that today.   Let's do our job. Let's rise to the occasion. And by the end of  today, let's say to the Dreamers that the Senate believes America has a  place for them too.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, we have waited a long time and worked  very hard for the chance to vote on a bill to protect Dreamers. I  regret that the only bipartisan effort of the group of moderate  Senators to come up with a bipartisan compromise couldn't get the  necessary 60 votes, and I expect the Grassley proposal will not get 60  either. I salute the eight brave Republicans who voted for the  bipartisan compromise.   There is only one reason the Senate will be unable to reach a  bipartisan solution to DACA--President Trump. President Trump created  this problem by terminating the DACA Program last August. Since that  decision, President Trump has stood in the way of every single proposal  that could have become law.   In conclusion, immigration is always a contentious issue. There are  intense feelings on both sides of the aisle. If there were ever a time  for Presidential leadership, this was it. President Trump has failed  his test of leadership--spectacularly.   I urge a ``no'' vote.   