 Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to honor the  late President George Herbert Walker Bush, our 41st President of the  United States, and express our condolences to the Bush family.   President Bush accomplished many policy objectives during his nearly  30 years in government, but I believe his greatest legacy is his  complete devotion to this Nation and its people. In and out of office,  President Bush dedicated his life to public service and helping others.  He belonged to that era of Americans known as the Greatest Generation.   Whether it was serving in the U.S. Navy during World War II or  achieving the highest office in the land, President Bush never failed  to demonstrate selflessness and compassion. When faced with conflicts  and adversity, President Bush always responded with grace and honor. He  lived at a time when Americans and America knew who we were. His  lifetime of service was rightly recognized in 2011, when he received  the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the Nation's highest civilian honor.  Even though he is no longer with us, his legacy of kindness and self- sacrifice will live on.   As we transition into the 116th Congress, I would like us to remember  President Bush for his complete devotion to this country and its  citizens. It is an honor to have a career in public service, and I am  grateful our country had a role model like President Bush. I hope my  colleagues in Congress feel the same.   At a time in history when the Nation feels divided, we must remember  those who have stood before us and worked to bring the American people  together for the good of the country. The alignment he had in life is a  simple one. In fact, our Nation would be better served if we followed  it. It is: God, country, and family.   I ask that we honor late President Bush, we remember his  encouragement to work hand-in-hand with our neighbors to give back to  our community and to our country. The American people are lucky to have  such a compassionate and honorable leader and we will forever be  grateful for his service to this great country.   