 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Waters for yielding  me the time and for her commitment to thoughtful debate in our caucus  to get the best results for the people that we represent.   I thank Congressman Hill for working with me and our staff for months  to craft the bipartisan bill that you see on the floor today.   When I first entered Congress, the Great Recession required an  emergency response for lawmakers to save the economy from collapse, and  then it required a thoughtful response to make sure that we would have  an economy that would remain stable and work for everyone.  [[Page H3218]]    That is why I worked hard to draft the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform  and Consumer Protection Act, and I am proud that it has succeeded in  creating a more stable and better capitalized financial system so that  hardworking families should never have to endure a similar financial  crisis. The balance has generally been good between reining in risk and  allowing financial services firms to play their necessary role in our  economy.    We have to constantly monitor for new risks and ways that regulation  may unintentionally reduce liquidity or restrict access to capital. But  first and foremost, we need to fight to preserve the substantive pieces  that we got right and to build on its success with improvements to the  law. That includes the Volcker rule, a crucial aspect of protecting the  system. The current arrangement uses a committee of five agencies--the  Fed, OCC, FDIC, SEC, and CFTC--to write and update the rule.   During Volcker rulemaking, each regulator on the committee has an  effective veto over any proposed policy. I spoke with former regulators  who were involved in that rulemaking process and came to understand  that the committee decision often formed around the weakest regulatory  position, which is not good. The veto of each regulator also applies to  interpreted guidance, which makes it very hard for either industry or  watchdog groups to get a straight answer on what the details of the  Volcker rule actually are.   H.R. 4790 would strengthen Dodd-Frank by making regulatory practices  more efficient and clear. The bill, including my amendment, would make  the Federal Reserve the sole rulemaking agency for the Volcker rule,  identify the regulator primarily responsible for oversight of an  institution, and provide relief to community banks who are not going to  threaten our economy by setting up a massive proprietary trading desk.   Consolidated rulemaking at the Fed will also streamline the process  for updating the Volcker rule to new market conditions that may create  new threats. As markets change, we need a single nimble regulator to  respond by amending the rule and providing an interpretation for new  conditions.   Identifying the single regulator responsible for Volcker oversight of  an institution ensures consistent implementation and enforcement. This  will be the Fed for a bank holding company, the OCC for a national  bank, the FDIC for a federally insured State-chartered bank, the SEC  for a broker-dealer, and the CFTC for a swap dealer. Importantly, the  FDIC retains its backup examination authority for banks to protect the  Deposit Insurance Fund with respect to all insured institutions.   Exempting small community banks will relieve a significant compliance  cost that is unnecessary because few of these banks have any interest  in proprietary trading. This would also allow the regulators to focus  on the largest banks which are the only ones capable of having large  trading operations. These large banks hold 82 percent of all deposits  and are the potential source of nearly all systemic risk.   The bill limits the exemption to banks with less than $10 billion in  assets and less than 5 percent of those assets being in trading assets.    Mr. Speaker, this 5 percent limitation means that any  well-capitalized small bank that decides to invest in tradeable assets  could take 100 percent losses on its trading positions without becoming  insolvent and without threatening the Deposit Insurance Fund. So there  is no gambling with taxpayer funds involved here.   Mr. Speaker, I urge you to support a stronger Volcker rule by  bringing greater efficiency and transparency to the policy formulation  and greater consistency to implementation and enforcement.   I thank, again, the ranking member for yielding me the time, and I  urge a ``yes'' vote on the final passage of H.R. 4790, the Volcker Rule  Regulatory Harmonization Act.   