 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.J.  Res. 2, proposing a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution of  the United States. And I want to thank Chairman Goodlatte for the  incredible work he has done on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, families across America have to balance their budgets,  and it is time Washington does the same thing. I was the mayor of my  local city before I came here: six balanced budgets with surpluses each  and every year. Forty-eight States, including my home State of  Tennessee, require a balanced budget by law.   What makes Washington any different?   Members of Congress are required to balance their office budgets or  pay for any overages themselves. Guess what, Mr. Speaker? 435 balanced  budgets.   The rhetoric we hear from the other side is that the reason we have  magic budget deficits is tax cuts. Let's talk about an inconvenient  truth: revenues collected by the Federal Government have never been  higher in the history of this country. Revenue has increased nearly 8  percent annually over the last 7 years. And, Mr. Speaker, the Federal  Government doesn't need to spend 8 percent more revenue each and every  year. What we need to do is rein in our spending. Spending is the  problem.   The other point we have heard is that the recent omnibus spending  bill is another sign that Congress lacks seriousness about addressing  spending. Well, discretionary spending has been growing at or about 2.4  percent over the last  [[Page H3169]]  14 years annualized. That is a lot more than many of us would like, but  we basically have held this spending in check.   The problem is our ballooning mandatory programs that account for 70  cents of every dollar we spend annually is a problem. Mandatory  spending, which includes pensions, food stamps, Medicaid, Medicare,  Social Security, and others is growing at 7\1/2\ percent per year.  Medicare and Social Security both face a crisis in the not-too-distant  future, and Congress has to make hard choices about how to secure these  programs for future generations. I am convinced, however, that the only  way Congress will make those hard choices is if we are forced to.   Both parties bear responsibility for our annual budget deficits, but  people have a choice here today. The last time we had a chance to vote  on a similar resolution was 2011, and the only thing that has changed  since then is that our debt and deficit have exploded further. It is  time that we, in Congress, make the hard decision and require  Washington to abide by the same budget before it is too late and we  can't right the ship: the same thing that families do every single week  and month of the year.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H.J. Res. 2, and I encourage all of  my colleagues to do the same and help start the process of bringing  some fiscal responsibility back to Washington.   