 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in great support for  Congressman Hill's bill, the TRID Improvement Act. This bill will lower  consumer costs and lessen regulatory burdens for growing businesses,  which will lead to healthier and well-functioning financial markets.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Hill for his great work and  leadership on this issue.   I am pleased that this legislation does include the Credit Access and  Inclusion Act, H.R. 435, which I cosponsored with Congressman Ellison,  and which we introduced together.   H.R. 435 is designed to give hardworking Americans better access to  affordable credit by providing more opportunities for them to build  their credit on their own merit without Federal funds or new  bureaucracy. At a time when access to credit is a practical necessity  for economic and social mobility, tens of millions of Americans are  hamstrung because they have little or no credit history.   Currently, on-time utility and rent payments are not reflected in  credit scores. The Credit Access and Inclusion Act amends the Federal  Fair Credit Reporting Act, or FCRA, to allow for nonfinancial service  providers, such as telephone, cable, wireless, electric, and gas  companies, as well as landlords, to report their customers' on-time  payments to credit reporting agencies, or CRAs.   By incorporating these on-time payments, called alternative or  additional data, into credit reports, more Americans can access  affordable and responsible financial products and services, buy homes  and cars, and build wealth, thus strengthening or entire economy.   In total, our bill would enable nearly 100 million Americans to  establish or raise their credit score, all without Federal mandates.  Ultimately, this legislation will give every American the ability to  build a better life.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Ellison for actively working  together on this very important issue, and I thank Congressman Hill for  his work on the TRID Improvement Act. Please join me in supporting this  commonsense legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and chairman of  the Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee, Mr.  Luetkemeyer, for his active work on this important legislation.   In the aftermath of the financial crisis, the Basel Committee  expanded regulations on operational risk requirements imposed on  financial institutions. Unfortunately, like many of the implemented  regulations, unintended consequences were brought about. The complexity  and nature of the current operational risk capital requirements have  greatly diminished the availability of credit for consumers, resulting  in increased costs and prices for families and small businesses.   To address these concerns, H.R. 4296 limits the burden of operational  risk capital requirements to a bank's current activities and businesses  and permits adjustments to lessen operational risk. This will ensure  that banks are holding increased capital more efficiently and will  expand the credit market to better meet the needs of hardworking  Americans.   Let me be clear: This bill does not eliminate operational risk  capital requirements but, prudently, ensures that requirements are  forward-looking and appropriately tailored to a bank's current  financial risk profile. As a key provision of the CHOICE Act, which  passed the House in June, I want to thank Mr. Luetkemeyer for his  persistence and continual leadership on this important issue.   I urge all of my colleagues to please join us in supporting this  commonsense, bipartisan bill.     Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Hultgren for assembling this  great group together. We treasure this opportunity to honor Dr. Billy  Graham. Each of us has a special memory of Billy Graham.   I can recall having graduated from college, my first job was with  Campus Crusade for Christ. I lived in Dallas, Texas, to prepare for a  big meeting, a convocation that brought 84,000 young people. I was  asked in 1971 if I would like to caddy for Billy Graham. He was playing  in the Byron Nelson Golf Classic with Arnold Palmer, Bob Hope, and  Byron Nelson. I can assure you we chased golf balls all over the golf  course. It was a great occasion.   But what I saw as a young believer in Christ--I had come to Christ in  my senior year in college--I saw a man who looked you in the eye. He  didn't look at his watch. He cared about people. Billy Graham didn't  walk over people to reach the world. He understood the  [[Page H1323]]  importance of every person before God. I think that is why his ministry  and his mission was so outstanding with Presidents, kings, or cab  drivers, whoever it might be, the millions of people who came to Christ  because of him.   On this meeting that we planned in Dallas, 250,000 people came to  downtown Dallas. They heard Billy Graham and Johnny Cash. It was a  great assembly. But through my years, the next decade, working for Dr.  Bright with Campus Crusade, I had the occasion to be around Dr. Graham  on many occasions.   On one such occasion, I picked him up at the airport in 1975 here in  Washington and was taking him back to the hotel. He said to Dr. Bright:  the next challenge we have in the world today is terrorism. He said  that this group who doesn't honor God and they don't honor Christ are  going to be the force we deal with.   How remarkable that it was Billy Graham who helped heal our Nation  after 9/11 as he spoke to that National Cathedral to bring the message  of hope in God.   Yes, I went with Billy to his crusades in Cleveland, Dallas, and  Charlotte. In fact, the first time he ever brought together young  people, he had a Friday night big crusade for young people. They came  out by the tens of thousands. Michael W. Smith played, Jars of Clay,  and D.C. Talk.   Billy could reach anybody because he was real and he was personable.  They understood him. His message was clear--so simple--that God loves  us, He has a plan for our life, and Jesus Christ is the means to that  plan. He died on the cross for our sin, that we could receive Christ,  know Him, and know eternal life.    He gave that message all over the world. I have met people in  Romania, Czech Republic, and the former Soviet Union--now Russia--all  over the world who met Christ because Billy Graham came, and he took  the gospel to them.   Probably in my funniest moment to have a conversation with him was  with Franklin, his son. Now, Franklin will charge hell with a water  gun. Franklin will go anywhere. He was headed to Moscow. I was with him  on a little plane, it was a twin engine Mitsubishi. We stopped in  Burlington, Vermont, and then we stopped over in Nova Scotia to stay  overnight at a little $6 motel. The phone rang while we were checking  in. The man said: Yes, he is here, and he gave the phone across the  counter to Franklin.   Franklin said: Hello? Yes, Daddy. Yes, sir, I am headed to Moscow.  Yes, sir. I have got another pilot. Yes, sir.  Robert Pittenger. He is  going with me.   At that point, his father, said:  Robert Pittenger? I thought he had  more sense than that.   That was Billy. He knew his son, and he loved his son. But Franklin  will take his gospel just like his father, just like every single  person in that family.   Probably the greatest legacy to Billy Graham is the testimony in all  of our lives through his own children who followed him into the  ministry.   So I commend our Nation for honoring him in the way that we are. He  will lay and he will be a part of this great assembly, this great  Capitol, forever as a statue. I thank Mr. Hultgren for bringing us  together, and I thank the Lord for sending His messenger, Billy Graham.   