 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to reflect on the  troubling foreign policy 1 year into President Donald Trump's  administration.   A recent poll out from Gallup showed a dramatic reduction in global  public opinion toward the United States. Confidence in the United  States by the global community has plummeted to 30 percent under  President Trump. A low public opinion of our great country, among other  nations, is not a good thing, and it is not something to celebrate. In  fact, it makes the world less safe for America and Americans. It limits  our economic opportunities, and it undermines our ability to promote  our values of portraying President Reagan's vision of a city on a hill.  In just 1 year, the Trump administration has betrayed America's values,  abandoned our allies, and appeased our enemies.   America's alliances, for example, with the United Nations and the  North Atlantic Treaty Organization keep our country safe and prosperous  while they also build a more secure world, but President Trump has  repeatedly questioned the worthiness of both organizations and has  attacked leading members of each body--almost always key American  allies.   These concerns were made much worse when, early in the  administration, Secretary Tillerson said that America's interests would  no longer be dictated by our values. It was almost unfathomable to hear  the Nation's top diplomat speak in such a narrow, myopic way. Also, the  games the administration has played with the mission statements of the  State Department and the U.S. Agency for International Development have  been clear attempts to depart from the values that define who we are-- support for democracy, human rights, transparency, and good governance.   President Trump has praised strongmen leaders in Russia, China,  Turkey, Egypt, and the Philippines even as they imprison, torture, or  kill their own citizens. If support for world leaders who lack almost  all of our values is not bad enough, President Trump's attacks on some  of America's closest friends have undermined the credibility of  America's word and America's commitment to its values. Launching verbal  broadsides against the United Kingdom, Australia, and South Korea--the  latter during the ongoing standoff with North Korea--are deeply  regrettable and completely counterproductive.   Speaking of verbal mistakes, you cannot conduct high stakes diplomacy  through the use of Twitter. We should never normalize such conduct by a  President of the United States. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson  conceded last week that he, essentially, learns about the President's  foreign policy statements--or even of his positions--because his staff  at Foggy Bottom prints off the President's tweets for him. That should  give everyone a moment for pause.   Besides the nuclear crisis with North Korea, nowhere have the  President's statements been more damaging than in the tenuous  relationship between Washington and Moscow. Frankly, the President's  words and actions send a clear signal to Mr. Putin that he can continue  to attack democratic institutions and values with impunity. Each time  Mr. Putin denies to Mr. Trump that the Kremlin was involved in  attempting to influence the 2016 election--a bald-faced lie--the  American President races to say that he believes him. Never before in  history has such a clear threat to our national security been so  clearly ignored by a President of the United States.   Last week, I released a report through the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee that documented Mr. Putin's pattern of 20 years of attacks  against democratic institutions in Europe. In order to best understand  what he did here in the United States in 2016--a matter still under  investigation--as well as to protect ourselves in 2018, 2020, and  beyond, we need to understand the big picture and respond accordingly.  We will never be fully protected or have a robust enough response with  the President's repeated public appeasement of Mr. Putin.   We have seen again this week how that has been playing out in a  matter that is being debated in Congress. The Russian Government  continues to interfere in our political debates here in the United  States. There are reports that Russian internet bots and trolls are  working to support Congressman Nunes's efforts to produce and release a  Republican staff report on the investigation into Russia's interference  in our 2016 elections. We know that Russian bots and trolls are  vigorously promoting these attacks and corroding our political  institutions and norms of behavior, seeking to paralyze our government  and undermine our democracy. This sort of behavior carries a possible  grave risk to our democratic system and our very way of life.   I am not surprised to find that Russian services are attacking us, as  a recent report that we released made it clear that it was part of  their strategy, but I do hope that all of us--Democrats and  Republicans--will stand up for our democratic institutions and speak  out against Russia's interference in our political system.   The President refers to his foreign policy strategy as ``America  first.'' ``America first'' is a risky and chaotic proposition and will,  certainly, lead to America alone. The Muslim ban, hastily handed down  not 1 week into his administration, was the early defining moment of  President Trump's tenure--the clearest sign yet he would actively work  to denigrate our values and isolate us from the rest of the world.   President Trump's rhetoric has made a multifaceted conflict with  China more likely at a time when we need to work with the Chinese on  stronger diplomatic ties between our nations to improve regional  stability in East Asia.   The President's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris  climate agreement--an accord that every nation on Earth is a member of  and which the majority of the President's senior advisers recommended  against--is a gross abdication of American leadership and a narrow- minded rejection of basic science and fact.   I and other Members of this body are engaged in an attempt to prevent  the President from withdrawing without reason from another major  international agreement--the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action,  otherwise known as the Iran nuclear deal. The President has jeopardized  the agreement by not certifying Iran's compliance and without his  producing any evidence that Iran is in violation of the agreement. He  has now made a number of aggressive demands of Congress and of our  European allies, once again demonstrating that he is no negotiator.   America first, supposedly, but as communities in Maryland and across  the country struggle with a nationwide epidemic of opioids, heroin, and  fentanyl overdoses, President Trump's budget has proposed a 27-percent  reduction in America's global counternarcotics efforts, which will  directly weaken our ability to work with international partners to stem  the illegal flow of drugs that are entering our country.   The President sought to slash $1 billion from America's global  efforts to fight HIV/AIDS in Africa, Asia, and elsewhere. Thanks to  bipartisan American leadership, we have made enormous strides against  this disease. We should not turn back from that progress. This kind of  fear, insecurity, and even xenophobia are damaging our reputation  abroad and corroding our core identity as Americans here at home.   The President has doubled down on the disastrous wall rhetoric and  continues to belittle Mexico, one of our closest friends and partners  in the world. Even the White House Chief of Staff's attempt to clean up  the President's wall position ended embarrassingly for him.   President Trump's campaign to undermine American values resulted in  slashing refugee resettlement into the United States, while asking  other countries to do more. His policies damage our moral leadership,  condone other countries' rejection of refugees on their borders, and  strengthen the  [[Page S512]]  hand of those who wish to do us harm through recruitment and  radicalization. U.S. leadership on this issue is key to our  counterterrorism strategy.   President Ronald Reagan admitted 140,000 refugees in just 1 year of  his Presidency. By contrast, at a time of extraordinary international  need--far greater than when President Reagan was in office--President  Trump capped refugee resettlement at 45,000 this fiscal year. Since he  announced that policy, refugee admissions in this country have fallen  to a level unseen in modern history. At the current rate, the United  States may grant entry to fewer than 20,000 refugees--the lowest number  since the program was established in 1980. The President's stealth  attack on refugee resettlement is a war on a program that has embodied  America's compassion and global leadership.   Much attention has been drawn to the despicable uncertainty that  President Trump has injected into the lives of hundreds of thousands of  Dreamers, preparing to deport young people who are essentially American  citizens to countries they have never known. But equally as troubling  is the President's denial of temporary protected status, or TPS, for  hundreds of thousands of people from Haiti and El Salvador. Many more  from Honduras and Syria sit in the President's crosshairs. These people  have lived in our country, sometimes for decades, contribute to our  economy, and many have American citizen children. Sending them back to  their home nations at this time--countries that are already  destabilized to various degrees--will exacerbate local and regional  problems.   I am proud of the legislation I have written with Senators Feinstein  and Van Hollen that is supported by numerous colleagues to create a  legal pathway to residency for TPS recipients who only seek a better  life for themselves and their families, enriching our country and all  that it stands for in the process.   The U.S. military is the finest in the world, but increasingly,  President Trump wants our men and women in uniform to do what should be  the responsibility of our diplomatic and development corps--our forces  for peace. And it is not just a slow and steady transfer of  responsibilities from Foggy Bottom to the Pentagon; President Trump has  failed to fill critical national security jobs and is gutting our  development and diplomatic institutions.   It infuriates me when the President or his team dares to accuse the  Senate of failing to do its constitutional responsibilities regarding  nominations. Of 163 Senate-confirmed positions across the State  Department and USAID, the administration does not have nominees for 72  of those jobs--just under 50 percent--1 year into office of this  administration.   The administration has proposed an illogical and ideological cut of  over 30 percent to the State Department and USAID budgets, attempting  to disembowel critical national security tools. Secretary Tillerson has  maintained an unexplained hiring freeze at the Department and Agency.  Diplomats are leaving the government in large numbers, and his attempt  to reorganize the Department many view as a solution in search of a  problem. The President has little interest in how diplomacy advances  our interests, promotes our values, and makes us safer and more  prosperous.   To make matters worse, the President and his family continue to  conduct themselves in a manner that promotes their business interests,  making our foreign policy more difficult. In his dealings with China  alone, the writing is on the wall. Candidate Trump said that on day one  of his Presidency, he would declare China a currency manipulator.  American businesses are still waiting. Did he sacrifice the American  worker in order to appease the Chinese banker who paid him rent at  Trump Tower? Or perhaps it was so he could secure those long sought  after business trademarks with China--38 in all.   The American people should not lose sight of the fact that the  President has refused to divest himself from the Trump Organization,  ignoring decades of ethical norms and precedent. The President of the  United States is engaged in foreign policy while maintaining  unprecedented business interests in about 20 countries. Today, the  President has a financial stake in real estate projects in India,  Indonesia, the Philippines, and elsewhere--developments that require  approval and intervention from governments, financing from banks, and  cooperation from local partners. He continues to earn royalties from  properties located throughout the world, from Panama to the United Arab  Emirates.   Reaping a financial profit while serving as President begs the  question of whether he is working in his own best interest or the  Nation's best interest--exactly why the Constitution's emoluments  clause exists and of which I believe he is in violation. President  Trump could easily rectify this by cutting his financial ties and  leaving no doubt that his first and foremost priority is serving the  Nation's interests.   In closing, let me say that American foreign policy led by our  values, support for our allies, and a desire to make the world a better  place, keeps us safe at home and advances our country's prosperity and  security. President Trump has not put the strategies in place to deal  with the complicated national security crises facing our country.  Instead, he has made international security challenges more difficult  to solve, including the crisis with Iran, the nuclear weapons dilemma  with North Korea, and the Kremlin activities sowing discord in our  country and throughout the world. President Trump has been unwilling to  engage in the delicate diplomacy and tough national security decisions  that are required to keep this country safe and maintain our global  leadership.   The role of Congress in shaping and advancing U.S. foreign policy has  never been more important, and I will continue to advance legislation,  conduct oversight, and speak out about these important issues in the  name of the American people and the values and norms that define us and  our place in this complicated world. I am proud that there are many  Members on both sides of the aisle who share these concerns, and we  will work together for America's national security interests.   With that, Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   