 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as some of my colleagues mentioned  already, today marks 6 months since Congress passed the Tax Cuts and  Jobs Act and sent it to the President's desk to become law. When the  President signed the legislation, he helped usher in the first major  overhaul of the Tax Code in three decades.   Here are some of the results we have seen so far: Over 1 million new  jobs have been created since the package of tax reform; at least 101  utilities across the country are lowering rates for customers,  including Entergy Arkansas in my home State, as a result of the savings  they are seeing from the tax reform bill; and 75 percent of small and  independent business owners believe that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will  have a positive impact on their businesses, which is leading them to  make plans to invest in hiring and increase employees' compensation.   I could go on highlighting the good news related to our overhaul of  the Tax Code, but instead I want to spend just a few minutes talking  about what I have heard from small business owners and employees-- beneficiaries of this historic reform--on a recent visit I made to  Arkansas in the south and southwest regions.   Last month, I had the opportunity to travel around Arkansas' Fourth  Congressional District with Congressman Bruce Westerman. We embarked on  a tour called the ``Talk Small Y'all'' Small Business Tour to highlight  the importance of small businesses to our State's economy and to local  communities where they make such a significant impact. The tour was  designed to be an opportunity for us to listen and learn, which is  exactly what we did. We visited with business owners, managers, and  employees of manufacturing companies, an oilfield and industrial  products supplier, a food service distributor, dining establishments,  and retail stores.   Everywhere we went, we heard a sense of optimism and excitement in  the voices of those we were fortunate to meet. In addition to  eliminating burdensome regulations through the Congressional Review  Act, the passage of meaningful, historic tax reform--which makes our  Nation's businesses more competitive globally--is providing cause for  business owners to feel more confident about the current economic  climate. Tax reform is helping to provide them with the certainty they  need to grow and to succeed.   I came to the floor in February to talk about the developments we  were seeing in Arkansas as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, just  2 months after it was signed into law. Despite the dire warnings from  our friends on the other side of the aisle who opposed our changes to  the Tax Code, businesses across the country and in Arkansas were  already beginning to reap the benefits and passing them along to their  employees, their customers, and the communities they operate in.   I am pleased to say that this trend is continuing. More companies  based in Arkansas or with a significant presence in the State are  handing out bonuses, improving benefits, or investing in their  businesses and their communities. Tax reform is helping hard-working  Arkansans keep more of their money in their own pockets. It is  delivering results that are helping the middle class.   On the 6-month anniversary of the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act, I join my colleagues in celebrating this achievement and the  results that have followed from our commitment to make comprehensive  tax reform a reality.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following amendments be called up en bloc: Young No. 2926 and Tester  No. 2971. I further ask that the time until 4:30 p.m. be equally  divided in the usual form and that at 4:30 p.m. the Senate vote in  relation to the amendments in the order listed and, finally, that there  be no second-degree amendments in order to the amendments prior to the  votes.    Thank you, Mr. President.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   