 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this legislation  and, as a farm bill conferee, I would like to pass along my sincere  thanks to the Members and staff who worked diligently to put together a  good final product for the American people.   This farm bill strikes the right balance by providing certainty to  our hardworking farmers, while protecting our most vulnerable by  rejecting the harsh SNAP cuts that were contained in the original House  Republican bill, a very meaningful restoral.   In fact, today, I was reminded, as I volunteered at the Capital Area  Food Bank, that they serve 500,000 individuals who are food insecure  annually in the Maryland, D.C., and Virginia area.   I am particularly pleased with provisions that will benefit New  York's dairy farmers and producers of specialty crops, which together  form the backbone of the agricultural economy in my 20th Congressional  District and across upstate New York.   This farm bill also recognizes the importance of expanding broadband  access to the American people and, particularly, to those who don't  have access to a high-speed connection.   I am disappointed, however, that we were unable to agree on stronger  language to ensure Federal money is spent wisely. Investments in  broadband internet infrastructure have the greatest impact on American  lives and should be dealt with in a very resourceful way.   Specifically, I argued for more interagency coordination. The Federal  Communications Commission, the Department of Agriculture, and the  National Telecommunications and Information Administration, need to  coordinate with each other, not merely consult, when funding critical  broadband internet infrastructure.   When it comes to broadband internet spending, this bill provides  limited investments and, because of that, we have a duty to stretch  every dollar as far as possible.   It is unfortunate that this concept was not included in the farm  bill, but I plan to continue advocating for legislation that would  require greater coordination amongst Federal agencies as we build out  broadband. I was proud to work on a bipartisan basis to provide  coordination language in the ACCESS BROADBAND Act which has already  passed the House and is now being considered in the Senate.    I will continue working with my colleagues to improve  coordination of Federal broadband programs so we can increase  efficiency and eliminate duplicative or wasteful efforts.   Finally, while I am grateful for the overall outcome of the  legislation, as a conferee representing the views of the Energy and  Commerce Committee, I was disappointed that on many issues in this  legislation involving committee jurisdiction, the committee was not  properly consulted. It is my hope that, in the future, all conferees  will be allowed greater involvement and their voices will be heard,  especially on issues that cross committee lines.    Again, I would urge my colleagues to support this bill.   