 Mr. Speaker, I am not quite sure what the people of  Borneo did to deserve the wrath of my colleague from Ohio, but perhaps  she can explain later to them.   But here is the deal. The Energy and Commerce Committee did work  across the aisle, or attempted to, to fully fund the Children's Health  Insurance Program, to fully fund community health centers, to fully  fund extenders; and, at every step of the way, when my colleagues and  friends from the other side of the aisle asked me to stop and work with  them, we tried. We couldn't reach full agreement on the pay-fors at the  time, but we tried, and we worked in good faith with each other.   Fifteen Democrats on the House floor voted to extend the Children's  Health Insurance Program for a full 5 years. By the way, that equals  the longest extension and the most generous funding to help children  and pregnant women that has ever been done for that program. We sent it  over to the Senate. Unfortunately, they couldn't find agreement; so we  came back, and we kept extending it.   By the way, the Democratic leader of the House, Mr. Speaker, Ms.  Pelosi, said what we are doing today, by putting full funding for  Children's Health Insurance Program for the longest extension in the  history of the program, a full 6 years, is, and I quote, sadly: ``A  bowl of doggy-doo, put a cherry on top and call it a chocolate  sundae.'' Is that what this has devolved to?    We have an opportunity today, with the help and leadership of the  chairman of the Appropriations Committee, to fully fund our States'  Children's Health Insurance Program for not 5 years but a full 6 years.  This is the longest extension in the history at the strongest funding  level in history.   So when you vote ``no'' today, as you all apparently are going to do,  you are voting to close the government and deny our States, but, more  importantly, the children and pregnant women, access to children's  health insurance. The cancelations that go out, the notices, are on  your terms.   Let me tell you what the children's hospitals have said to Congress:   ``Kids cannot wait, fund CHIP now.''   ``Congress has a chance to pass a long-term extension of CHIP that  will provide security for millions of kids. The continuing resolution  being considered by Congress includes a 6-year extension of CHIP.  Children's hospitals support a long-term extension of CHIP and urge  Congress to take this opportunity to pass CHIP this week. The time is  now to extend funding for this lifeline millions of children and their  families count on every day.''   That is children's hospitals. Can't we put the partisan divide aside  and at least fund children's health insurance for children and pregnant  women in this country and keep the government open? That is the  question before us today.   The question before us today is: Do you want to keep the government  open  [[Page H529]]  and the services provided and 6 years of full funding for children's  health insurance and pregnant women, or will you vote against it? It is  as simple as that. The rest is just political rhetoric.   So let's fund CHIP. Let's take care of our families and kids and keep  the government open.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, the chairman of the  Appropriations Committee, for his hard work and cooperation on this  legislation.   The choice before us today is actually very, very simple. It is a  choice the American people are watching. The choice is: Do you fund the  government while you work out the other differences, or do you close  the government?   It is a binary choice. It is not about all the other things I would  like in this bill or you would like in this bill. The choice before us  today is to keep the government open or close the government. Whether  you are Republican or Democrat, if you vote ``no,'' you are voting not  to keep the government open. It is that simple.   The other choice before us today is: Do you want to fund the  Children's Health Insurance Program for the millions and millions of  children and pregnant women across America?   That funding, while we have had emergency extensions, literally is  about to run out in a matter of days. It will run out.   The choice tonight for this body and every Member, regardless of  party, is: Do you want to fund the Children's Health Insurance Program  for children and for pregnant women?   There are 122,700 Oregonians on this program. There are millions  across America in our districts. They don't like the fact that we are  having this fight, but they know the fact is that it is a ``yes'' or  ``no'' vote. That is why the children's hospitals have said: Please  take this bill and fund the Children's Health Insurance Program. Take  us out of your fight.   What we are voting on tonight is a 6-year fully funded Children's  Health Insurance Program. A ``yes'' vote says you are for it. A ``no''  vote says: I will take a pass. Somebody else can carry this program. I  am not going to do it.   Well, I am doing it because I support the Children's Health Insurance  Program, just as I support the community health centers, just as I  support the teaching hospitals, just as I support the other extenders.   By the way, your Energy and Commerce Committee, through regular  order, provided a path forward for all of those essential health  services. Yes, we took the heavy lift to fund them.   You heard a couple of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  talk about: Oh, they took money out of this fund or took money out of  that fund.   The Prevention Fund is funded every year, by law. It is up to the  appropriators to decide how those funds are spent.   Using some of the Prevention Fund to fund the Children's Health  Insurance Program and community health centers and the other programs  seems like a pretty good investment for an otherwise unallocated batch  of money. So we used a bit of that.   Then you heard the scare tactic the Democrats always use: Medicare.  Let me tell you what this specific pay-for is. It is one that former  President Barack Obama wanted to use even further than what we did.   What we said is: If you are making $500,000 a year, we are going to  ask you  [[Page H535]]  to pay roughly $137 more in your Medicare part B and D, which, by the  way, is just your share. The government is still going to subsidize 75  percent of that. It is still a very good deal.   We figure that somebody who is making $500,000 a year could afford a  little more, so we can pay for community health centers for the poor  and the Children's Health Insurance Program for those who need it. That  is the pay-for you have heard about.   When we brought the fully funded bill for 5 years for the Children's  Health Insurance Program and 2 years for community health centers and  save our DSH hospitals--those are the ones, by the way, that take care  of the poorest among us--15 Democrats voted with us and I think two or  three Republicans voted ``no,'' and we sent that bill to the Senate.   We did our job in this House in a bipartisan way. Now we need to do  that job again, because the Senate hasn't acted. They couldn't get  enough Democrats there to support the proposal in the Senate. So we are  back here.   But the choice is a clear one: shut down the government and don't  fund CHIP; or keep the government open and fund CHIP. That is the  choice before us tonight that we need to make.   Now, we have heard all kinds of rhetoric on this floor and out in the  public about this is somehow a cherry on top of dog doo-doo. Sorry to  use those words, but they are the ones that the gentlewoman from San  Francisco used in the press. I find it offensive. It is unnecessary. It  doesn't help bring us together.   When you vote ``no,'' you vote to shut the government down and you  vote against the Children's Health Insurance Program. This bill fully  funds the Children's Health Insurance Program for 6 years. There is no  argument about the pay-fors now because there aren't any in there.   So if your argument for voting ``no'' was the pay-fors before, what  is your argument today, other than a partisan one?   Mr. Speaker, I ask Members of the House to approve this legislation.   