 Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairman  Young, the dean of the House, for his efforts on this.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 200, the Strengthening  Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management  Act.   As chairman of the Congressional Sportsmen's Caucus and an avid  recreational angler, I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bipartisan  effort to provide much-needed reform to our Nation's fisheries  management.   Mr. Chairman, I would ask the speakers that have gone before me on  the  [[Page H6073]]  other side of the aisle if any of them fish or are they a member of the  Congressional Sportsmen's Caucus. Have they taken the opportunity to  educate themselves on the fishery issues that we are facing today?   Generations of folks have enjoyed one of America's greatest pastimes  in our coastal waters. Unfortunately, antiquated Federal policies have  unnecessarily limited the public's access to abundant marine fisheries.   Commercial and recreational fishing are different activities that  require different management strategies. The Magnuson-Stevens Act has  lacked the tools necessary to address the needs of recreational  fisheries management. H.R. 200 provides an opportunity to recognize the  alternative management approach in the Nation's principal fisheries law  to the benefit of 11 million saltwater anglers.    Despite what some have said, H.R. 200 does not roll back conservation  but, instead, provides Federal fishery managers with the tools to  effectively manage both recreational and commercial fisheries. It  provides for 21st century technologies to guide fishery management  decisions that will further ensure that our marine resources are  managed for abundance, long-term sustainability, and to the greatest  benefit of the Nation.   As a recreational angler for my entire life, I understand the  critical role that we play in conservation resource management. In  2016, anglers and boaters contributed $628 million in excise taxes for  sport fish conservation and management, boating safety, infrastructure,  and habitat restoration. In addition to that, anglers contributed $693  million through fish and license fees.   This bill will continue to ensure the conservation of our marine  fisheries and will restore the public's trust in fisheries management.   