 Mr. President, we have all seen the headlines across the  Nation about the VA Choice Program and how it has failed our veterans.  I wish to share some of those headlines from my home State of Montana.   From Montana Public Radio, the headline was: ``Montana Hospitals: New  VA Program Fails To Pay.''   From NBC Montana, the headline was: ``New problems for Veterans  Choice in Montana.''   From the Billings Gazette, the headline read: ``Painful truth about  Montana VA.''   As I travel around the State, as I hear from veterans who come back  to Washington, DC, I personally have heard from them, from countless  healthcare professionals, from our hospitals regarding payment delays,  long waiting times, and elusive runaround on the most basic services.   Under the Choice Program, our veterans did not receive the healthcare  they deserved. However, the bipartisan MISSION Act will follow through  on the promises that were made to our veterans. Rural veterans will get  greater, easier, quicker access to the care they need. Whether a  veteran lives 20, 30, or 40 miles from a VA clinic, they can go  elsewhere if the VA does provide them with the services they need. It  brings VA care into the 21st century by encouraging telemedicine and  strengthens oversight of opioid prescriptions. Veterans will have more  access to doctors because there will be measures holding companies  accountable--companies like Health Net--for how they manage the new  program. It provides scholarships to encourage medical and dental  students to serve in the VA, and it creates a new loan repayment  program for medical students who are training in specialties that are  currently lacking in the VA.   This is one of the big problems we have. We can't fill the slots with  medical professionals in the VA. It is about time we take meaningful  steps toward fully delivering on the promises we have made to our  veterans.   On this Memorial Day week, I wish to share that we have passed my  bill to name VA clinics in Missoula and Billings after Montana veterans  David Thatcher, Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow, and Benjamin Steele. My bill  has been sent to President Trump's desk for his signature. With the  passage of the MISSION Act, these three clinics will be delivering new  and improved care and will also display the names of three Montana  World War II heroes. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to join me in  supporting the VA MISSION Act.   I yield back my time.   