 Thank you, Mr. President.   I ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call  up amendment No. 4123.    I thank the Presiding Officer and Chairman Grassley.  After much debate, disagreement, and compromise, this week the Senate  is going to be taking up a bill that he has worked very hard to see  through to this day, a criminal justice reform package.   The package that is on the floor today that we are debating and  talking about amending shows the American people that bipartisanship  remains alive in the U.S. Senate. Leaders on both sides of the aisle,  as well as the White House, should be commended for their admirable and  persistent cooperation and determination on this legislation.   I believe the package's goals are noble. It is right to help those  who have paid their debt to reenter society with the best possible  chance to be productive contributors. It is right to take steps to  ensure that sentences are fair and appropriately tailored to the  defendant. It is right to calibrate the way we treat those in custody  based on the risk they pose to society.   But being from Colorado, it is hard to think about Federal criminal  justice reform without thinking about the biggest problem the Federal  law creates for Colorado--the refusal to respect the will of Coloradans  when it comes to their decision on marijuana. That is exactly what I am  trying to do, is to create a debate so that we can address the conflict  between State and Federal law.   Every day, Coloradans of good faith follow Colorado law to a T. Yet  they are still criminals in the eyes of the Federal Government. Cancer  patients who are using medical marijuana to control their pain and  veterans who are using marijuana to alleviate the post-traumatic stress  they suffer because they served their country--Federal law says they  are criminals, even though they are perfectly legal within their rights  under State law. The attempt we are making today is to fix the  inconsistency between Federal and State law, to begin the debate,  because the people don't think that they are criminals when they follow  the law in Colorado. So we should change Federal law.   This disconnect doesn't affect just the industry's patrons or even  the growers or retailers, for that matter; it also makes criminals of  those outside of the industry. As we are talking about criminal  sentencing reform, we should be thinking about plumbers, electricians,  bankers, landlords, real estate service providers, employment and  advertising agencies, insurance companies, and HR services. All of the  everyday businesses that interact with the marijuana industry--like  they do any other part of our economy--are affected by Federal law too.  That is because when they take money from a marijuana business, Federal  law considers them money launderers, putting them at risk for both  criminal liability and civil asset forfeiture.   That means the mother who moved to Colorado to treat her child who  has epileptic conditions--severe epilepsy, thousands of seizures a  month--moved to Colorado to treat her child with CBD oil, derived from  the work we are doing on marijuana, which reduces those seizures from  1,000 a month to a few--6, 7, 8, or a dozen a month--that is illegal in  the eyes of the Federal Government, putting her at risk for criminal  liability and civil asset forfeiture.   The disconnect forces Colorado's $1.5 billion market back into the  pseudo-shadows, where business is in hard-to-track cash--$1.5 billion  in cash--inviting dangerous robberies and hindering law enforcement  efforts to ensure that legal marijuana sales benefit legitimate  businesses rather than illicit cartels. This is an effort to bring that  $1.5 billion in Colorado alone out of those shadows. It also means that  researchers can't test marijuana for medical efficacy to help better  understand impairment, because those researchers fear the loss of  Federal funding.   All of this flies in the face of what the Colorado people have chosen  to do for themselves. Indeed, it flies in the face of the 33 States  that have legalized some form of marijuana, including 10 that allow  regulated adult use. This year alone, Oklahoma, Missouri, and Utah have  passed laws establishing medical marijuana programs, and Michigan and  Vermont have passed laws permitting regulated adult use. Wisconsin  voters in 16 counties overwhelmingly passed advisory referenda  supporting legalization.    Here is the chart. Look at this chart. Green on this chart represents  the States that have legalized some form of marijuana, whether it is  recreational, whether it is medical, whether it is CBD, or some kind of  hemp product, cannabis. Look at the green on this map. Over 95 percent  of the population in this country live in a State that have made  legalization happen in some way, shape, or form.   Let's go to the list of the States. It is almost every State. Here  are the States allowing some form of marijuana: Alabama, Alaska,  Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware,  Florida--it goes on and on.   It is easier to say the three States that have not allowed it: Idaho,  Nebraska, and South Dakota. They are the only three States that have  not.   Recent polling from Quinnipiac shows that more than 60 percent of the  American people support legalized marijuana, and 93 percent support  medical marijuana. The American people have made up their minds. This  is happening. Let's be clear. This isn't just happening in blue States,  like California or Massachusetts, or purple States, like Colorado. It  is happening in bold, deep red States like Utah, Oklahoma, and West  Virginia. It is happening in swing States like Florida, Ohio,  Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Missouri. The bedrock principle of our  government expressed in the Declaration of Independence is that  governments derive their just powers from the consent of the  government. As the Federal Government continues to ignore the will of  the people, the people lose respect for the law. The Congress must  respond because, one way or the other, the people of this country are  having their say.   That is why Senator Warren and I are offering the STATES Act as an  amendment to this criminal justice package before the Senate. The act  is a simple, straightforward plan. Within certain basic Federal  guardrails, conduct and compliance with State marijuana law will not  violate the Controlled Substances Act. This legislation is the  embodiment of federalism our Founders envisioned. It allows each State  to move--if at all--at their own pace. It lets States like Colorado be  the laboratory of democracy that American people have come to expect.  But most importantly, it lets Colorado be Colorado, South Carolina be  South Carolina, and Florida be Florida--and they all will have Federal  prosecutors backing up whatever decision they make with respect to this  decision.   The people of Colorado have made their decision already. I did not  vote  [[Page S7754]]  for legalization in 2012. I did not support legalization, but I respect  my State's decision. Its people know what is right for the State of  Colorado. The decision that Colorado makes may not be right for the  people of South Carolina or Florida. But their decision should be  respected and supported by the Federal Government just like the  decisions in every other State.   I am all for helping those who have paid their debt to society, but  there are many for whom there should be no debt. That is why the STATES  Act should be included in Federal criminal justice reform.   Let's close with this map. Over 95 percent of the population of the  United States lives in a State where they have legalized some form of  marijuana. Every State in green is a State that has legalized some form  of marijuana. By the year 2022, this industry will be over $20  billion--all of which can't be in the banking system because it is  against Federal law. And what happens when you force a $20 billion all- cash economy? I guess that is what we ought to be dealing with here  today. This isn't just about banking; that is a side effect of the  STATES Act. The STATES Act recognizes that Federalist principle that a  State can decide this issue for itself. This amendment at this time  recognizes that you shouldn't go to Federal prison for following State  law. That, in its essence, is sentence and reform. If we had a chance  to vote on this amendment today, the amendment would be germane. It  would have a 50-vote threshold--a simple majority, up or down.   I know this amendment has the support of this body on both sides of  the aisle to fix this conflict and allow the States to make their own  decisions without the heavy hand of Washington telling them what to do.   I yield my time and will not give up this fight.   