 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, today, the United States House of Representatives will  have an opportunity to vote on H. Res. 128, Supporting Respect for  Human Rights and Encouraging Inclusive Governance in Ethiopia.   H. Res. 128 calls upon the Government of Ethiopia to take clear and  decisive steps toward becoming more inclusive, more democratic, and  more respectful of the basic human rights of its people.   There will be those who will argue today that this resolution is  counterproductive in that the Government of Ethiopia has been a strong  and dependable ally of the United States of America.   The opponents will say that the national security interest of the  United States justifies our support for this government, and,  therefore, we must ignore the cries of the Ethiopian people who are  suffering under this repressive regime.   The opponents fear that the Ethiopian Government will end its  cooperation with the United States in the war against terrorism if we  publicly criticize their human rights record by passing this  resolution.   But I say to them, for far too long, the United States has looked the  other way as the Ethiopian Government has so often used the weapons  that we have provided for them, not to fight terrorism, but  to terrorize their own people.    For far too long, the United States has looked the other way as  peaceful protestors were met with violence from heavily armed Ethiopian  security forces.   And, for far too long, the United States has looked the other way as  journalists, political opposition leaders, and anyone who dared  question this government were rounded up and shipped off to detention  camps.   The U.S.-backed government in Ethiopia has lost its legitimacy to  govern and rules by brute force and intimidation.   To the opponents of H. Res. 128, the passage of this resolution will  mark a setback for the relationship between the United States and  Ethiopia.   But it is my hope that the passage of H. Res. 128, Supporting Respect  for Human Rights and Encouraging Inclusive Governance in Ethiopia, will  mark a new beginning in the history of the U.S.-Ethiopian relationship  where the United States will never again have to look the other way,  and Ethiopia will realize its full potential by embracing all of its  citizens and becoming the great Nation that it has always been destined  to be.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of  Representatives to support H. Res. 128.   