 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me  time to speak in support of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act  sponsored by my good friend and colleague, Mr. Emmer.   As I sit and I listen to the debates that we are having in here and I  think of what people back home must be thinking, it is hard, quite  often, for us here to actually see what it is like, the boots on the  ground back home. So I tend to go back home, and I talk to the source.  What is it that we do up here that can hurt you or help you in your  business and your life?   Recently, I had a gathering of small-business owners, executives from  larger businesses from across my district, and I posed a question to  them: If we could only do one thing to help your business, what would  that be? Would you rather us lower taxes or reduce regulation?   Without exception, every person in that room said: Reduce regulation  on my business.   That surprised me.   So I asked them why. They said: Because, by lowering our taxes, you  can help our bottom line, but it is the regulation that hurts our  ability to actually meet the needs of our customer.   Now, when I talk to the small banks who predominantly loan to the  small guy, the small-business guy, they say: It is things such as this  that actually get in the way of my helping the customer.   So it is not about inconvenience to the business. It is about serving  the needs of the small guy, and it is about serving the needs and  actually providing access to the capital that the small-business owner,  the backbone of America, actually needs.   Now, this bill is a perfect example of how we are simply reducing the  burden on these businesses so they can meet the needs of the consumer  much better. It doesn't do away with the regulation. It just reduces  some of the reporting requirements that are onerous and that are  duplicative. Basically, it tailors this data toward the small bank and  the small business.    Mr. Speaker, currently, only mortgage lenders that  have made fewer than 25 loans a year are exempt from this onerous data  reporting requirement. All this bill does is extend that to 500 because  I want our small banks to be making more than 25 loans a year to the  small guy. I want them to make many more loans. Especially as this  economy is improving, we want to support the small guy.   With that, Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this  commonsense piece of legislation.   