 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of major reforms  included in the National Defense Authorization Act conference report  regarding the Committee on Foreign Investments in the United States and  export controls.   I thank the chairman of the Armed Services Committee for his  excellent leadership in addressing the readiness crisis and giving our  men and women in uniform the tools they need to defend our freedoms.   The House Financial Services Committee held four hearings on CFIUS  reform, inviting a diverse set of witnesses that ranged from government  officials who currently serve on CFIUS to members of the defense,  intelligence, and business communities.   We also held numerous briefings and meetings with experts, equally  diverse as those who testified before the committee, on the threat that  China and other adversaries pose to the national security of the United  States.   In the end, I am pleased to see we have a bipartisan, bicameral  product that reflects the work and views of these experts.   Specifically, these critical reforms counteract the surge in malign  foreign investment from China that threatens our national security by  enhancing the review process of transactions where our enemies could  steal technologies and infrastructure critical to the defense of our  country.   The gaps that we have closed in security that China and other  adversaries have circumvented from CFIUS review include noncontrolling  investments, joint ventures, and acquisition of real estate near  sensitive military sites.   At the same time, these reforms ensure that America's doors remain  open to benign foreign direct investment that in 2016 added $894  billion to the value of the U.S. economy and that support 6.8 million  workers today in this country.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman Pittenger, Senator Cornyn,  Congressman Heck, Chairman Hensarling, Chairman Thornberry,  [[Page H7705]]  Chairman Crapo, Ranking Member Waters, and House and Senate leadership  for their dedication to getting these much-needed reforms done in a  bipartisan way. And I encourage my colleagues to support the underlying  bill, the NDAA conference report.   