 I thank the Presiding Officer.   Mr. President, I start by thanking my colleague from the State of  Maryland, Senator Cardin, for his leadership on many, many issues but,  especially, as we gather here on the Senate floor to discuss the  Dreamers and immigration issues, including the folks who are TPS  recipients. I thank him for his leadership in Maryland and around the  country on these vital issues.   I think the country understands how important it is that we provide  the Dreamers with a secure future. These are individuals who have grown  up in our country. They know no other country as home. They have been  in classrooms with our kids. They have pledged allegiance to the flag.  They are now students in college or individuals working in businesses.  Some of them are small business owners. Many serve in our Armed Forces.  It would be disgraceful if, after welcoming these young people, we were  to cast them away.   Unfortunately, last September, President Trump lit the fuse on the  deportation of the Dreamers, and that clock has been ticking every day  and every month as we approach the March 5 deadline. So we as a  Senate--as Republicans and Democrats but, more importantly, as  Americans--need to come together and finally do our work so that we  operate as a body that can help solve problems in this country. Part of  that is making sure that these Dreamers have a secure home and a  pathway to becoming full citizens here in the United States of America.   Just the other day I was talking to the president of the University  of Maryland. We have a number of DACA recipients who are there training  to be engineers, training to be doctors, and people who are looking  forward to participating in the only country they know, the United  States of America.   I wish to turn now quickly to people who are here under what is  called temporary protected status. These are individuals who are in the  United States and could not return home because of disasters in their  home countries, whether by earthquakes or hurricanes or other events  that made it impossible to return home because their homes had been  destroyed or other circumstances had changed that made it impossible  for them to return. We, the United States of America, granted these  individuals temporary protected status. These are individuals who are  in the United States legally, and many of them have been here for over  two decades. In the case of El Salvador, we have most people who are  here from El Salvador on temporary protected status since the year  2000. They have families here. They are small business men and women,  and they are working productively in our communities. In the case of  Honduras, it was even earlier, 1998.   Senator Cardin and I and others have introduced legislation called  the SECURE Act, which would also provide security here in the United  States for these individuals on TPS status. Unfortunately, a series of  decisions coming down from the Trump administration has put the future  of these individuals in jeopardy.   The clock is also ticking on many of these people who have been here  for more than 20 years toward deportation. These are individuals who  are, again, working here legally and are contributing to our  communities. I believe that as Americans we should recognize that it is  important that we provide a secure future for them as well. That is why  we introduced the SECURE Act.   So I am hopeful that as we debate a secure future for the Dreamers,  we also find a way going forward to provide a secure future for those  who are here under TPS.   It seems to me that the answer is in plain sight. The answer is  making sure that Dreamers have a secure future, providing a path to  citizenship as long as they meet all of the requirements, and that we  ensure we have border security. I don't think there is a Senator in  this body who does not believe that the United States has to have  strong and secure borders. The debate has always been what is the  smartest, most effective, most cost-efficient way to provide for border  security.   I hope nobody is interested in wasting taxpayer dollars on things  that don't work. It seems to me that we should be about the business of  finding the most cost-effective way to ensuring that border security.  As we do that, we should be listening to the experts as to what works  and what does not work. Unfortunately, we have seen more focus in  recent months on things that cost a lot of money but don't really  significantly improve our border security. I am hoping that we can come  together and have a rational conversation about how we can secure our  borders in the most cost-effective way.   This is a moment for the Senate to really stand up and do its job. I  think if you look at those two issues--a path forward for the Dreamers  with a path toward citizenship for those who meet all the requirements  and that we find a way to do smart, cost-effective border security-- then, that is clearly the way forward. I do hope that as we consider  those two important priorities, we also come together and find a way  forward for people who are here on temporary protected status, because  in my conversations with Republican Senators, they recognize that for  these individuals--who are here legally, working in the country, and  having been here for an average of 20 years--we should find a way to  make sure they have a secure future here.   We may want to look at ways to reform TPS going forward, and we can  have that discussion, but for those who are here now and have been  living in the United States for decades and working, let's find a way  to provide a secure future for them as well. This is going to be a test  for the Senate--hopefully, in the coming days, but if not, in the  coming weeks, and I hope we can get the job done.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   