 Mr. Speaker, a debate on the topic of climate change  on the floor of the House is long overdue. Those who care about the  future of our planet and our species have waited for Congress to begin  working on negotiating some sort of sensible solution to climate change  for years. A topic of this gravity deserves our attention.   Now, Republicans have been in charge of Congress for the 5\1/2\ years  that I have been here, but have they brought a new idea to the floor  today? Have they proposed a solution? Are they taking the threat  seriously? Do they believe in science? Today's debate makes it clear  that the answer is no.   Instead of a proposed solution, we are wasting our time with an empty  partisan resolution, a misleading and false resolution that doesn't do  anything more than thoughtlessly swat away an idea that deserves  careful consideration.   Solutions do exist. We can design market-based climate policies that  would greatly reduce greenhouse gases. If we design the policy right,  it can help low-income and middle class citizens, while creating jobs  and spurring innovation.   I believe it is important for us to focus our attention on things  like immigration, on the economy, on healthcare.    Well, climate change is impacting immigration. In 2017, The New York  Times reported that 10 percent of Mexicans age 15 to 65 could  eventually try to emigrate north as a result of rising temperatures.   Climate change is impacting the economy. Hurricanes Irma and Harvey  cost this Nation $280 billion.   That is just the beginning. Climate change is impacting our health.  This includes extreme weather events, vector-borne diseases, chronic  conditions, and things like that.  [[Page H6485]]    Today, instead of posing a sensible solution, instead of seeking a  productive discussion on the options at our disposal, Republicans have  decided utterly to reject a possible market-based solution without any  evidence or justification, without any hearings or real debate, without  regular order.   Mr. Speaker, I oppose this rule and this resolution, and I encourage  my colleagues to do the same.   