 Mr. Speaker, I especially thank my good colleague and  friend from West Point, Georgia, for managing this hour so that we can  share, really, the excitement that we are seeing back home for what  adding a little bit of money in the people's paycheck is doing.   Mr. Speaker, I have often contemplated what transformed America from  an enthusiastic ragtag rabble that had this idea of freedom into the  strongest economy, the freest Nation, and the strongest military in the  entire world?   The reality of that is the freedom that this government and the  rights that were given by God that we protect has given to the American  people. When you think about the innovation that has come from America,  innovation that has changed the face of the world, most of it came from  here because of the freedom that we have.   Now, if you go right down the road here to the Smithsonian's Air and  Space Museum, you will see a testament to that freedom in that building  where two bicycle mechanics from Ohio were able to accomplish to what,  for centuries, scientists and engineers couldn't accomplish, because  they had the freedom.   We have taught our children in this Nation to dream big. In America,  you can accomplish anything that you want to dream. But in the past  couple of decades, we have squelched the dreams of these kids because,  as we have put out the fire that we tell them they can have in America,  we are quenching that fire with wet blankets of bureaucracy and  obstacles.   But I want to share with you a story from back home. It was a letter  I received from a young man, a 14-year-old, thanking me for the tax  reform bill, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which put more money in the  back pocket of his parents.   You see, he had a dream. He dreamed of being a pilot. He wanted to be  a pilot. But I can tell you, as a pilot myself, that is a difficult  thing to accomplish. Not only is the training difficult, but it can be  very expensive.   But he wrote me this letter thanking me. Because of the bonus that  his dad received from his company because of the corporate tax cut, and  the money that they are going to save because of the individual tax  cuts, his parents are using that money to ensure that he gets flight  lessons at 14 years old. He is accomplishing a dream because we removed  government out of the way.   And one thing, quite frankly, is we need airline pilots. Up here, we  start looking at what government programs we can put in or incentives  to get people to fly, when all we have got to do is get out of the way  and let our children, once again, dream big. That is all that we are  doing, is getting us out of way.   When you look at Georgia, the results have been astounding. Even Home  Depot, which is headquartered in my district, is investing $50 million  to train 20,000 tradespeople to fill the gap.   With this closing, Mr. Speaker, let me bring up that the number of  jobs that we have available in this Nation is about equivalent to the  number of people we have unemployed. We need to continue to get out of  the way.   