 I yield to the Senator.    Mr. President, I want to talk a little bit about what my  good friend from Delaware talked about with regard to our being judged  by history. Some of what I want to talk about today is of the history  of this system and of others who have served.   I have read several times in the last 30 days, particularly, that the  Democrats feel they can do anything because of the way Merrick Garland  was treated. I don't think there is any comparison between the way  Merrick Garland was treated and the way Judge Kavanaugh has been  treated. The only comparison I can think of is that they are both on  the DC Court of Appeals and that they have both said very kind things  about each other, but there is no comparison.   Merrick Garland was nominated in the last year of a Presidency. The  last time someone was put on the Supreme Court who was nominated in the  last year of a Presidency was in 1932. The last time that happened was  in 1932. The last time someone went on the Supreme Court when the  President was of one party and the Senate was of the other and when it  was a Presidential election year was in 1888. There is no comparison.   In fact, Vice President Biden--then-Senator Biden--said on June 25 of  1992, in what turned out to be the last year of the Bush Presidency: If  there is a vacancy, there will be no hearing until after the election.   There was not a vacancy, by the way. They were just putting that  historical marker down that if there were a vacancy, there would not be  a hearing until after the election. Of course, that meant there would  not be a hearing that mattered. Unless the President were to be  reelected and the majority in the Senate were to stay the same, there  would be no reason to assume there would be a judge appointed by this  President this year.   Senator Schumer said in July of 2007, in his not wanting to wait  until election year but just wanting to put his position on the table  even earlier in the last year of another Bush Presidency, that we  should not confirm any Bush nominee--I think he meant--from that moment  on. As a matter of fact, he did say we shouldn't confirm any Bush  nominee from that moment on except in extraordinary circumstances. I am  sure he didn't mean one vacancy on the Supreme Court would be an  extraordinary circumstance but a circumstance that would be dealt with  just like Judge Garland's was dealt with, and people were heard. Yet  that is not what this is about, and it sets no precedent any more than  Senator Biden or Senator Schumer set a precedent that should have been  a surprise for anybody.   So what do we have with Judge Kavanaugh as we decide in the next few  hours or in the next day or so whether he becomes Justice Kavanaugh?   This was the seventh background check of this judge by the FBI. There  had never been a more extensive review of a Supreme Court nominee-- seven times in slightly more than a dozen years--in going through this  background check.   More than 150 people had been interviewed.   He had 36 hours of testimony before the Senate, during which you and  others on the Judiciary Committee could  [[Page S6577]]  have asked him anything you had wanted to ask.   He had 65 private meetings with Senators, during which they could  have asked him everything they wanted to ask--including, by the way,  the ranking member on the Judiciary Committee, who had had this  information available to talk about.   More than 500,000 pages of executive branch documents had been  provided--more than for the last 4 nominees. Of all of his opinions as  a judge and of all the cases he was part of, there were about 300 of  those. By the way, that is the best way to look at what kind of judge  he would be.   He was asked over 1,200 questions for the record. That is like, after  you have asked all of the questions you could publicly think of, then  one has about a week to answer any questions that have been submitted  for the record. He had 1,200 questions submitted for the record that he  had to answer in that short period of time.   There were three confidential calls with the committee.   Then, last Friday, our colleagues decided--and I think, as it turned  out, maybe wisely so--to do one more final FBI review of whatever they  might not have asked about in the other seven FBI interviews that had  occurred over the years. The outside number was 1 week. A week ago, 1  week was what was going to be plenty of time. I think some Members in  the minority at that time said: Well, maybe even 3 or 4 days. That is  what it took with the Clarence Thomas hearing. By the way, that was  before these issues became public, because it was turned over to the  FBI like it should have been, and in 3 or 4 days, they had talked to  everybody they could talk to. So, last week, 3 or 4 days might have  been enough, but certainly a week would have been enough, according to  the other side. Of course, that was never going to be the case. A week  was never going to be enough.   By the way, in background checks, when you are asked to be part of  that--if it is your background check--one of the questions you are  asked is, are there any drinking problems? Are there any drug problems?  He had been asked that over and over again. I think anybody who is  interviewed is always asked, do you know of any problems like that?   Usually, a question is, Have you ever heard of anything that we would  be interested in if we had heard about it?   Another question often is, Would you tell us three people whom we  might not have talked to who might know something about Judge Kavanaugh  that we should know?   Over a decade and a half, there have been 7 FBI interviews and 150  people interviewed, the behavioral question, the drinking question, the  drug question, which hasn't come up as far as I know, but it is always  asked. It has been asked over and over again.   Then you and I and Senator Inhofe went the other morning to hear a  review of this last set of interviews, wherein people who possibly  would have been able to corroborate something were interviewed and  couldn't corroborate it. In many ways, the case got weaker as that  moved forward, but we heard that.   Then I heard that afternoon that Senator Schumer said that this is  full of hints of misconduct. So I went back this morning and looked  through the six prior background checks, and I looked through this  background check. As it turns out, I agree with Senator Grassley, who  said there was no hint of misconduct.   If there had been a hint of misconduct in the previous five, he would  have never been nominated. If there had been a hint of misconduct in  the sixth one, he wouldn't have been nominated. It wouldn't have  sustained itself. If you look at the pages that are new, there is none  there now. So you can say anything you want to say. You can say it is  not time enough. You can say, even though no witness ever saw any of  these events, you just haven't talked to enough people yet, even though  you have talked to everybody who has been mentioned, as far as I know,  with any credible charges.   So here we are. Now it is temperament. I don't think there are many  Senators who would not have had his same indignation in being accused  of something that he, without equivocation, swore did not happen, not  only in those instances but in any other instance.   It took 43 days for Ruth Bader Ginsburg to be confirmed. We are at  about 83 days, or something like that, now. I looked up a couple of  articles just to refresh my memory. When she shows some fire--and she  has plenty of it, and I admire that--the description of her is her  ``well-known candor.'' That is how you describe it when Justice  Ginsburg has her own opinion, like what she said about the Republican  nominee last year: He is a faker. He has no consistency about him. He  should withdraw. She said: I can't imagine what this place would be and  can't imagine what the country would be with Donald Trump as our  President.   Now, is that a temperament issue, or is that too political?   By the way, I am not offended by political. The Court never was  either. John Marshall, one of the great Justices of the Court, was the  Secretary of State for the person who appointed him. Earl Warren, who  certainly set a standard for the Court, had never been in any public  office except politically elected office before he became the Chief  Justice. When he joined the Court in 1953, there were three former  Senators sitting on the Court. There were two former Attorneys General  sitting on the Court. Both had been appointed by the Presidents for  whom they had been Attorneys General. Elena Kagan was the principal  lawyer for President Obama. Yet, suddenly, political becomes a problem  or temperament becomes a problem.   Thurgood Marshall said while he was on the Court--by the way, I  admire him in so many ways. I admire Thurgood Marshall's work and what  he did as a lawyer, and the decision that President Johnson made was  clearly historic.   As a Justice, Thurgood Marshall said: I wouldn't do the job of  dogcatcher for Ronald Reagan.   About President Bush, while he was still a Justice, Thurgood Marshall  said: It is said, if you can't say something good about a dead person,  don't say it. Well, I consider him dead.   Obviously, he considers him dead and takes the first injunction that  he doesn't have anything to say, but there is nothing wrong with people  on the Court having opinions.   In this case, we have a judge for whom you could look at 12 years of  judging, and you could look at 300 opinions, and you could look at his  law school classes he taught. There is plenty to look at. It all, I  believe, leads to a couple of conclusions:   One, the way this nomination has been treated has been outrageous. I  think my good friend who spoke before said he had never seen anything  like it. Well, there has never been anything like this: Hold on to  information that can't be corroborated. Only release it after it is  clear that the judge has the votes to be confirmed and when you want to  do, as the majority leader said, anything you can possibly do as the  minority leader to slow down and stop this nomination.   We have plenty to look at here. We cannot set a standard of guilty  until proven innocent because then anybody can make any charge at any  time, particularly when there are many reasons to believe that there is  nothing in 7 background checks, that there is nothing in 150  interviews, that there is nothing in a very visible public career to  ever suggest that Judge Kavanaugh is anything different from what he  said he was and those of us who will vote for him believe him to be.   I yield the floor.   