 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  6227, the National Quantum Initiative Act, I wish to commend Chairman  Smith on his six years at the helm of the Science Committee, and on his  32 years of dedicated service to the people of Texas' 21st  Congressional District. It has been an honor to work with him. Because  of his steadfast leadership, this bill is on its way to becoming law. I  thank Chairman Smith.   This bill coordinates a federal program to accelerate quantum  research and development for the economic and national security of the  United States. Quantum technology is a field positioned to  fundamentally change the way we move and process data.   Theoretically, quantum computing could allow for the solutions to  exponentially large problems--things that cannot be accomplished by  even the fastest supercomputers today. It could allow us to visualize  the structures of complex chemicals and materials, to model highly  detailed flows of potential mass evacuations with precise accuracy, and  to quantify subatomic interactions on the cutting edge of nuclear  research.   Quantum computing may also have profound implications for  cybersecurity technology. Should China and Russia beat us to achieving  quantum encryption, our current security encryption measures would be  rendered obsolete. It is imperative that the U.S. maintain its  leadership in this field.  [[Page H10302]]    In order to achieve this kind of revolutionary improvement in  technology, we need foundational knowledge in the advanced computing  and materials science required to construct quantum systems.   The Department of Energy (DOE) Office of Science is the leading  federal sponsor of basic research in the physical sciences and funds  robust quantum technology research. At Lawrence Berkeley National Lab,  the National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center (NERSC) allows  scientists to run simulations of quantum architectures. At Argonne  National Lab's Center for Nanoscale Materials, researchers study  atomic-scale materials in order to engineer the characteristics of  quantum information systems. And at Fermi National Accelerator  Laboratory, scientists are applying their experience in high energy  physics to the study of quantum materials. Earlier this year, I invited  several of my colleagues to join me on a visit to Argonne and Fermi  labs, and we had the privilege of speaking with the scientists  conducting this groundbreaking research.   Support for basic research in computer science and for computational  partnerships between industry, academia, and the national labs is  necessary to develop the technology needed for future commercial  quantum systems.   For these reasons, I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting  H.R. 6227.   