 Mr. President, yesterday the majority leader announced  that the Senate would remain in session during much of the planned  August recess. President Trump tweeted: ``Great. Maybe the Democrats  will finally get something done other than their acceptance of high  crime and high taxes.'' As usual, the President's tweet makes little  sense given that Republicans control both Houses of Congress. But I  agree with the President on one thing: Canceling the recess is a great  opportunity to get something done. In fact, I have a suggestion for  what Congress should do. How about this, Mr. President? Why don't we  get something done on the issue that numerous polls say is the No. 1  priority of Americans--healthcare.   We Democrats--our entire caucus--believe this previously unscheduled  session time could be put to good use to finally help Americans secure  affordable healthcare that the President and congressional Republicans  have thus far failed to deliver. Before being sworn in, President Trump  promised to deliver healthcare that was ``far less expensive and far  better.'' Those are his words. But since he has taken office, President  Trump has completely dropped the ball on healthcare. Instead of shoring  up our healthcare system and driving down costs, President Trump and  Republicans have sabotaged our healthcare system and driven up costs.   Yesterday, Maine and Pennsylvania joined a growing list of States  that will see higher healthcare rates thanks to the policies of the  Trump administration and congressional Republicans. In States such as  Virginia, Maryland, New York, and Washington, rate increases are in  double digits. One PPO plan in Maryland requested a rate increase of 91  percent. And when you ask these CEOs of companies why their rates are  going up, many of them cite Trump administration policies and  congressional Republican policies.   Again, the No. 1 issue affecting Americans is the high cost of  healthcare. My Republican colleagues are busy touting tax breaks. If  you are very wealthy, you got a big break. If you are a middle-class  person, far too often, your increase in your premiums exceeds your tax  break.   Let's do something to put more money--net more money--in the pockets  of working class people. Let's spend  [[Page S3002]]  August working on healthcare. Folks were already paying too much for  healthcare in the form of premiums, out-of-pocket expenses, and the  eye-popping costs of so many prescription drugs. Now all of those costs  are going up because ``the unified Republican government'' has done  little to bring down the high cost of healthcare, and what it has done  has made the situation worse.   Again, President Trump has dropped the ball on healthcare, and the  August recess is a time to recover and do something good. President  Trump deliberately sowed uncertainty in the healthcare marketplace as a  way to make a political point against ObamaCare, and then congressional  Republicans repealed the coverage requirement in their tax bill. Health  insurers from coast to coast cite the repeal of the coverage  requirement as one of the major reasons they are increasing rates next  year.   Just last night, a report issued by the Trump administration itself  showed that Medicare is going insolvent faster than expected. What  caused it? In part it is the Republican tax bill and ``the repeal of  the individual mandate, which increased the estimate of the number of  uninsured, in turn leading to a large increase in uncompensated care  payments.'' Again, the tax bill led to Medicare being less solvent and  running out of money sooner.   In short order, the Trump administration will make things worse. They  will be offering junk insurance plans that will bring back the dark  days when Americans with preexisting conditions faced higher premiums,  denied care, and medical bankruptcy.   We now have a few extra weeks in August. What will be No. 1 on the  American people's list? It is not the things Leader McConnell  mentioned, falsely blaming Democrats when appropriations aren't moving  along well, and he brags about how many appointments he has made to the  bench. No, the No. 1 thing Americans want is healthcare, and we  Democrats will spend the August recess focusing on that issue and  forcing our Republicans to either cast votes or deny votes on those  important issues. It is a great opportunity not just for Democrats, not  just for Republicans, but for America. We are going to do it. We  already have an agenda ready to go, and we are going to push for votes  on these measures in August.   One, we want to expand access to Medicare. Many of us Democrats in  this caucus believe 55 should be the age when you can buy in. Loads of  Americans support that.   Two, we want to increase tax breaks to help families afford the cost  of healthcare.   Three, we want to create a national reinsurance program to lower  premiums.   Four, we want to ensure that people with preexisting conditions don't  get denied and priced out of insurance due to an expansion of junk  insurance.   Five, we want to lower the skyrocketing costs of drugs.   President Trump should stay in Washington.   No Mar-a-Lago, Mr. President, no golf all the time. You have taken so  many vacations, while you criticize others.   It is typical--the double standard that he seems to exhibit every 10  minutes. President Trump should stay in Washington with us, roll up his  sleeves, and get to work on making healthcare great again.   