 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me time to  speak in support of this act named after our friend, Frank LoBiondo. I  thank the gentleman also for his time as chairman of the full  committee.   As a Representative of Florida, the State with the second largest  coastline in the country, I do have a profound respect for the men and  women of the U.S. Coast Guard, and as a veteran as well. It has been an  honor to work on such a bipartisan committee, which likewise has been  filled with members who support the Coast Guard across a diverse set of  evolving mission sets.    Every hour of every day the Coast Guard protects America's waterways.  They promote a healthy environment, they ensure the safety of mariners,  they enforce our laws, they keep us safe from piracy, and they keep us  safe from smugglers.   Day in and day out I have had the opportunity to see some of their  work firsthand. Recently I met with a search and rescue team in  Pollocksville, North Carolina, as they worked tirelessly on behalf of  communities impacted by Hurricane Florence. I see my local Coasties in  places like Fort Pierce. I see them saving mariners young and old,  those lost at sea. There is no doubt that their selfless heroism and  their decisive work saved many lives in the Carolinas, just as it did  in Florida's Panhandle after Michael and across the Nation, wherever  disaster befalls us.   I am proud to support this bill, which also authorizes $10.6 billion  to strengthen and support the U.S. Coast Guard in its invaluable  defense of our waterways and of our homeland.   I am especially glad to see the inclusion of my bill, the Jupiter  Island Land Transfer Act. This provision will finally resolve a  decades-old conservation issue in my district and transfer four  critical acres of unused Coast Guard property to the Hobe Sound  National Wildlife Refuge to ensure the endangered turtles will continue  to thrive. By protecting this land, we are doing our part to help  ensure that the natural beauty of the Treasure Coast is maintained and  continues to be the driver of our economy for many decades to come.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting the brave  and hardworking men and women of the U.S. Coast Guard and their  indispensable work by supporting the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard  Authorization Act.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 51) to correct  the enrollment of S. 140, and ask for its immediate consideration in  the House.   The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Transportation and Infrastructure be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 6793) to transfer a bridge over the  Wabash River to the States of Illinois and Indiana, and for other  purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (H.R. 6622) to designate the Federal building  located at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, as the ``George W.  Whitehurst Federal Building'', and ask for its immediate consideration  in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.   