 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, yesterday, Christmas came early to the  Kremlin. First, we have President Trump's announcement to pull our  troops out of Syria. Second, the administration wants to delist three  companies controlled by Oleg Deripaska, though, I am not sure he has  adequately relinquished control of those companies. Third, the  administration has done nothing to respond to Russian aggression in the  Sea of Azov and the Kerch Strait. This is a trifecta for Vladimir Putin  and sends a global message that creates real concerns. Christmas has  indeed come early to Moscow.   The Trump administration's withdrawal from Syria lacks any strategy,  is foolhardy, and it puts U.S. security in the Middle East--including  our ally, the State of Israel--at great peril. This is not simply an  error. It is dangerous. It is dangerous.   Let me be clear. Withdrawal from Syria without success is failure.  American credibility will take a horrible hit  [[Page S7977]]  if the President moves forward with this decision.   As a country, we have said that Assad, who has butchered his people,  cannot stay in power. Assad is likely to stay in power into the  foreseeable future. Second, we have said we cannot leave Syria because  we have strategic interests. By leaving, and doing so precipitously,  the President is willing to leave these strategic interests in the  hands of Iran and Russia, and Moscow will be given a solid foothold in  the Middle East--something it has aspired to for some time, and now it  will happen. It will have developed bases there, and it will have  unfettered determination as to what to do.   Third, this move will strengthen Iran's ability to attack Israel.   We are entering a very dangerous time, as it is increasingly clear to  all--including many of my Senate Republican colleagues and especially  our international allies and adversaries--that this President is  completely incapable of addressing our security challenges. Only in  Donald Trump's parallel alternate universe has ISIS been defeated.  There is no one who would suggest that is reality at this point. We  have made gains, and we have had successes, but they have not been  defeated.   His erratic decision making indeed poses a great threat to our  security interests.   Trump tweeted that Russia is ``not happy'' about his decision to  withdraw our forces from Syria. Well, I guess he missed President  Putin's end-of-the-year press conference where, in his own words, he  showed this morning that Russia is indeed thrilled with this abdication  of U.S. leadership.   I worry that we are sending the wrong global message, as well, if  this plan is executed. The Kurds have been the most significant  fighting force on our behalf and in our interest in Syria. They have  been our partners. By pulling out, we are abandoning them. Turkey will  come in and seek to destroy them. They will be hit not only by Turkey,  they will be hit by Assad, and they will be hit by others.   Imagine the message that sends to other potential partners around the  world. For those to whom we say ``Fight with us, fight for us, instead  of sending our sons and daughters,'' the message is ``Once the United  States is done using you, we will abandon you.''   We can't afford that message. In any other place in the world where  we want people to fight with us or for us and carry the burden of being  on the frontlines so that our sons and daughters are not in harm's way,  they are going to look at this moment and say: No way. They will say:  The United States will abandon us. They will say: The United States  will leave us on the battlefield to die.   As someone who has voted against the deployment of U.S. troops  elsewhere, I don't take these issues lightly. I want our sons and  daughters to come home as soon as possible. But by withdrawing these  forces now with no strategy, the United States is placing our security  and that of our allies at grave risk, and the sacrifices that have been  made by our troops will be lost.   Russia has entered into this war in Syria with an unholy marriage  with Iran--yes, to prop up Assad, but also, for Iran, it was to gain a  tactical vantage point on Israel's northern border. Our withdrawal  leaves a vacuum that Iran will fill, putting Israel at even greater  risk.   To believe that we can outsource our allies' interest to Russia and  that Russia will tell Iran to leave now, in Syria, is ridiculous. Iran  is not a simple agent of Russia in this regard. Iran has shed its own  blood and national treasure in pursuit of its interests, both to prop  up Assad and to have a vantage point on the northern border with  Israel--another place to strike at Israel. It is not going to give that  up simply because Putin says to leave. Anyone who believes that has a  clear misunderstanding of the realities of this relationship.   Completely withdrawing the United States from Syria at this moment  with no strategy in place signals to the region and to the world that  we are willing to cede our interests to Putin, to Iran, and to others  who will exploit this leadership vacuum.   In addition, President Trump has been silent in the face of egregious  behavior from Saudi Arabia, a behavior that this Chamber spoke to in a  unanimous way.   He has no strategy for securing our interests around the Middle East  or the world. It is all too clear who is winning.   The Kremlin attacked Ukranian ships and captured Ukranian sailors  nearly a month ago. Those vessels and sailors remain in Russian hands.  They are hostages--hostages--who were taken at the high sea in  international waters in violation of international law. And what has  the administration done--canceled a meeting with President Putin?   It canceled a meeting; that is it. It hasn't rolled out new sanctions  on those responsible for the attack. It has not increased U.S. and NATO  presence in the Black Sea in order to preserve international maritime  passage for all. It has not announced new security assistance for the  Ukrainians.   One month has passed, and President Putin has felt zero pressure-- zero pressure--on any of these actions or to release these sailors.  There is zero pressure to ease the tensions in the Kerch Strait and  zero pressure to negotiate an end to the war in the Donbass or to  return Crimea to the Ukraine.   In fact, Putin seems quite at ease. His yearly press conference  earlier today was a victory lap. He is already prodding President  Trump, welcoming the evacuation from Syria, and calling for President  Trump to stand by his campaign commitment to also withdraw from  Afghanistan. He is doing it purposely to see if he can elicit the same  reaction he has elicited in Syria.    This retreat has left Vladimir Putin with a glow of victory. He is  winning in Syria; he is winning in Turkey; he is winning in the  Ukraine; and Trump wants to take our players off the field. And this  misguided withdrawal from Syria drives that point home.   Putin's control of Trump came into sharp focus yesterday, and I urge  our Republican colleagues to see this for what it is. The small price  that Putin paid to interfere in our national elections has paid off in  Syria; it has paid off in Ukraine; and the American people are paying  the ultimate price.   This is a dangerous time, and our security lies in the hands of a  President who, I will respectfully say, is clearly not up to the task.   I have called on this administration and the last to develop and  present and execute a clear and comprehensive strategy to promote our  interests in Syria. This means a comprehensive strategy to counter Iran  and its proxy networks, which, from Hezbollah to the Houthis, have  grown only stronger as this administration continues to bungle its way  through one foreign policy crisis to the next.   The President has the opportunity to reverse course and avoid a  spectacular failure. He should listen to his military and national  security advisers, none of which--none of which--ultimately recommended  this course of action. He should listen to our allies, none of which  have recommended this course of action.   He should invest in alliances and international institutions that  multilateralize and strengthen our reach across the globe.   He should listen to this bipartisan chorus from Congress. There have  been voices on both sides of the aisle here who have said: Change  course. This is a grave mistake. He has an opportunity to avoid a grave  mistake.   I will repeat what I said earlier today at a press conference with  Senator Graham and Senator Reed: Withdrawal from Syria without success  is failure. Simply withdrawing is not a success. Withdrawing without  honoring the sacrifices that have been made by our troops there,  without honoring the sacrifices that have been made by our allies  there, like the Kurds, without recognizing the enormous civilian  casualties that will take place in the aftermath, without recognizing  that we will leave a void for other particularly nefarious entities to  ultimately fill that void, without recognizing that we create a risk  for our ally, the State of Israel and its northern border, without  recognizing that at the end of the day, our strategic interests will be  totally lost in this regard, is indeed a great failure.   I hope the President takes this opportunity to change course, to  listen to his national security and military advisers and to the chorus  of bipartisan  [[Page S7978]]  voices in the Senate, including those of us who are engaged in national  security questions, whether it is I, as the senior Democrat on the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee, or Senator Reed, as the senior  Democrat on the Armed Services Committee, or Senator Graham, who sits  on Armed Services and is the chair of the Subcommittee on Foreign  Operations of the Appropriations Committee. These are bipartisan  voices, among others, who are making it very clear that this is a grave  mistake. We have a chance not to make that grave mistake and the  consequences that flow from it.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   