 Mr. President, this week, I have the honor of recognizing  Hannah Nieskens of Jefferson County for her tremendous service to  Montana veterans and her great impact on Montana's educational system.   Hannah grew up spending time in Montana with her family and then was  awarded the Presidential Scholarship to attend Montana State University  in Bozeman. After graduating with honors from MSU, Hannah began her  career of education in the Billings School District.   During her 4 years in Billings, she met her now-husband Kelly, who  served in the Army, and they fell in love. Hannah and Kelly now have  three children--two daughters, Charity and Hope, and their adopted son  Joshua. Joshua is currently serving overseas in the Air Force.   Hannah has a distinguished career in education. She has served her  community as a teacher in Billings, the dean  [[Page S7339]]  of Wolf Point High School, and the principal at Northside Elementary  School. Now she is the 6-12 principal in Whitehall.   Last year, Hannah was named Montana Principal of the Year, and now  Hannah is one of three finalists for the 2019 National Principal of the  Year.   In addition to Hannah's career devoted to education, Hannah has a  passion for serving Montana veterans. After Kelly was severely wounded  while serving in Iraq, Hannah began volunteering to help other veterans  in the community navigate the VA. Hannah even earned a law degree to be  better prepared to assist Kelly and other veterans struggling with the  VA.   Hannah currently serves as the Montana Dole Fellow, where she  advocates on behalf of Montana's military families. She has great pride  in calling Montana home, and we are lucky to have her.   She has made a lasting impact on her community and the entire State,  both through her service to our veterans and by shaping our future  generations in the school system.   I congratulate Hannah on all of her success and look forward to  seeing all that she will accomplish for Montana in the future.   