 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Mitchell), for hosting us and giving us the opportunity  from the great State of Texas to talk about all of the positive effects  of this recent tax reform and tax relief for the American people.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have helped pass this historic tax relief  for the American people and deliver on a promise that we would grow  this economy, we would create jobs, and we would improve the overall  quality of life for all Americans. I represent hardworking, God- fearing, freedom-loving people in rural west Texas. They produce the  food, fuel, and fiber for this great country. They feed and clothe the  American people, and they fuel this great American economy.   The burden of high taxes and regulations hurt all of our job  creators, but they have a disproportionate negative impact on the  little guys in rural America. Our small businesses, our community  banks, our family farmers and ranchers are independent energy  producers. I can say with great confidence--having been back to the  district, having talked to numerous people from all over those 29  counties I represent in the broad swath of land in west Texas--this tax  cut and reform package is proenergy, it is proagriculture, and it is  prorural America.    Back in my district, we hosted some roundtables with small businesses  and chambers of commerce. We had various events that I participated in.  We even conducted surveys. According to our survey, over 80 percent of  the people I represent say that this tax reform package has helped  everybody.   At one of our roundtable events, we had a veteran-owned  agribusinessman who said that he had had 600 new customers this January  over last year. He said that the effects of that was that he converted  some of his part-time workers to full-time workers and gave folks a  raise.   At the Happy State Bank, the employees are happy, and there are happy  days for that organization because they are saving $5 million and  plowing it back into their human capital. Six hundred out of 700 of  Happy State Bank employees will receive an increase in their pay and  benefits. Some will receive over a 50 percent pay increase.   Now, this is not crumbs to the folks whom I represent in west Texas.  This is real cash in the pockets of real Americans who work hard every  day to make ends meet.   There has been a change in west Texas, and, for once, it is not the  weather. There is a renewed optimism. You can hear it in their voices;  you can see it in their faces.   Mr. Speaker, we are witnessing a great American comeback, and the  formula hasn't changed from the beginning of this great experiment.  Limit the government and you will unleash the limitless potential of  the American people.   God bless America, and go west Texas.   