 Mr. President, I also thank my colleague, the Senator  from Colorado, for his efforts in getting this done. It has been a real  bipartisan effort. We hear so much about all the infighting that goes  on here, and this is certainly one of the underpinnings of our country.  Again, we are working very hard to get it across the finish line. So I  thank him very much.   The majority leader recently announced his intention to keep the  Senate in session through the majority of August. It is the right thing  to do. We have a lot of work to complete ahead of us, and our to-do  list just got a little bit longer with today's excellent news. The 12  appropriations bills are at the top of that list. We have been busy  clearing these bills at the committee level and now on the Senate  floor. I am particularly pleased that Military Construction-VA  appropriations bill was part of the first group of appropriations bills  that received bipartisan approval here on the Senate floor.   While we work to ensure passage of bills that fund vital Federal  programs, we must also continue to pass the important bills that  authorize them. We have a chance this week to add to our list of  bipartisan achievements by passing the farm bill, which was recently  approved by the Ag Committee with overwhelming support from both sides  of the aisle.   If you have ever been to Arkansas, I don't need to tell you how  important the farm bill is to our State. You have seen it. You have  seen the cotton fields, the rice silos, the chicken farms, the cattle  ranches. We have it all in the Natural State. In fact, 95 percent of  the land resources of Arkansas are devoted to agriculture and forestry.  While there is variety in what our farmers grow or raise on their land,  the family farm is a way of life shared by thousands of Arkansans.   Agriculture is a driving force of the Natural State's economy, adding  $16 billion to our economy every year and accounting for approximately  one in every six jobs. But the farm economy is in a much different  place than the last time this Chamber debated a farm bill. That is the  case not just in my home State of Arkansas; it is an issue nationwide.  If you look at the numbers across the Nation, farm income is  approximately half of what it was then. Farm bankruptcies are up by 39  percent since 2014; financing is becoming more expensive; input costs  are rising; and the trade outlook is volatile and uncertain.   Farmers across the country, regardless of where they call home or  which crops they grow, are hurting. They are experiencing the most  fragile farm economy since the 1980s farm crisis. With the current farm  bill set to expire at the end of September, we must pass a new one in a  timely manner to provide certainty and predictability to the folks who  feed and clothe our Nation and the world.   Programs authorized by the farm bill are vital to making sure that as  a nation we do not become dependent on other countries for our food  supply. Along with providing key risk management tools for our farmers,  the farm bill also helps our rural communities by authorizing key  economic development and job creation programs. It helps rural  Arkansans with everything from home financing to internet access to  small business loans.   The Agriculture Committee, under the leadership of Chairman Roberts  and Ranking Member Stabenow, approved a fair and equitable farm bill  with overwhelming bipartisan support. I was particularly pleased to see  that the committee-passed mark maintained strong farm policy for  producers of all stripes. These programs allow our Nation's family  farms to compete in a high-risk, heavily subsidized global marketplace.  As we debate amendments on the floor, we must defeat amendments that  would harm the farm safety net for our producers.   Ensuring that producers across the Nation have options that meet  their specific needs when those needs are so varied is a delicate  balance to strive for, but the chairman and ranking member have  achieved it. I appreciate what a heavy lift it is and what it took to  get to this point, and I hope the Senate as a whole does as well.   I do have very deep concerns about provisions included in the  substitute amendment that undermine this delicate balance. One  provision in particular, aimed at bolstering small family farms, will,  in fact, hurt family farms across the country. Unfortunately, we do not  know exactly how deep this cut will be. The provision was not filed as  an amendment, and Senators were not given time to properly read it. But  I do know one thing: This will hurt farmers and the rural communities  where they live. USDA estimates that my home State of Arkansas will be  the third most impacted State, behind Texas and Illinois. Iowa will be  the fourth most impacted State.   This provision does not discriminate against regions. It  discriminates against farmers and those who feed and clothe this  Nation. I am very much opposed to this language, but I am thankful that  the House did not take this tack in crafting its farm policy.   I am committed to working to remove this provision before we enact a  final farm bill this Congress. We must provide a farm bill that gives  producers certainty and predictability without further exacerbating the  difficult farm economy they are facing.  [[Page S4496]]    If we can commit to continuing to follow the fair and equitable  approach that was exhibited when we fashioned the bill in committee, we  can pass a farm bill that has a chance to become law. Let's not  squander this opportunity.   Our farmers in rural America need this bill. Let's get it passed so  that we can provide our farmers and ranchers with the certainty and  predictability they need to succeed.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   