 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Chabot and Mr. Sensenbrenner, as  well as Mr. Nadler, for bringing this legislation to the floor.   Indeed, it is bipartisan in nature. It is not an effort here to go  beyond what the rules currently allow in terms of the cap on visas. It  would allow Irish nationals to utilize those visas that have not been  exhausted by Australia.   It is, as Mr. Nadler said, not a substitute for immigration reform,  however. We note today that the Pew Center has released new numbers on  the issue of those who, in America, are undocumented. While these two  issues are unrelated, it is important to point out that we still, in  this Congress, have to come up with a solution to a long-awaited  problem that we recognize across the Nation, and that is what to do  about undocumented citizens.   As Mr. Sensenbrenner also pointed out, I think with great accuracy,  there are few stories of immigration that can be improved upon over  what Irish immigration did in America. In the aftermath of an Gorta  Mor, the Great Famine, that took place in the mid-1850s, more than a  million people left Ireland and immigrated to the shores of the United  States, and a million starved to death on the island of Ireland.   So when you consider that the population of Ireland at that time was  about 8\1/2\ million people and today it is about 6 million people, it  is understandable as to what that relationship has meant. And America,  to its everlasting credit, land of the free and home of the brave,  welcomed them.   The story that they told in succeeding generations--first, second,  third generations--of which I enjoy that same privilege, it is pretty  extraordinary. I call attention to that because I still think that the  rest of the world desires to send many of its best to the United  States.   It is still, for all of us, this notion that, today, because of the  simplicity of travel, you can move back and forth. But what is, I  think, a very important component of the story that we just related,  when they left, whether it was in the 1850s or, in the case of one  grandmother, no return, they were in with both feet. I think what we  are pointing out today is that this is still an incredibly strong  relationship.   I think Mr. Sensenbrenner was right on target with the commentary  that he offered about the reciprocal agreement here. We are not  substituting anything. We are simply saying that, for those E-3s that are not utilized, Ireland will be able to take advantage of  it.   I again point out that this relationship, for as long as I can  remember, has been one of the great relationships in terms of allies  that we have had in the history of America.   