 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the vote  scheduled for 1:45 p.m. commence now.    Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to discuss the  Department of Veterans Affairs and this Department's continued  challenges with properly implementing the letter of the law.   As we know, the VA has faced significant difficulties and change over  the past 5 years--issues that have spurred Congress to act. In this  Congress we have passed multiple pieces of legislation designed to  reform numerous policies, from accountability to education under the GI  bill to transforming healthcare.   Recent news has put a spotlight on the VA struggles to implement the  Forever GI Bill Act, which has resulted in delays or improper  accounting of veterans' earned educational benefits. Financial problems  with their earned benefits is unacceptable and causes an unnecessary  strain on veterans as they pursue higher education. It is critical that  the VA fix this problem. This should not be a matter of ``if'' but  ``when'' the VA fixes this issue and provides accurate earned benefits  to deserving veterans. Based upon these struggles of implementing the  Forever GI Bill Act, I have concerns that similar challenges will occur  in the implementation of the VA MISSION Act, which was signed into law  in June of this year and is the most transformative legislation for the  VA healthcare system in over 30 years.   We are closing in on a 6-month mark before the VA MISSION Act must be  implemented. June 6, 2019, will be when the new community care program  under this act takes effect. This law requires several major critical  reforms to the VA healthcare system. I want to quickly outline some of  the biggest changes that the VA is required by law to implement.   First, the VA must establish new eligibility criteria for veterans to  receive care in the community, and that criteria must be based on  clearly defined, easy-to-understand access standards. The VA must  establish and apply quality standards to make certain that all VA and  community care facilities are providing our veterans with the highest  level of care--the care they deserve.   The VA must create thorough and reliable processes for the VA and  community care partners to coordinate care for a veteran who is  receiving care in the community to make certain that the burden is no  longer on the veteran and accountability is instead on those  [[Page S7217]]  who are charged with providing the care.   The VA must start to plan and properly project their healthcare  expenses. This requires the VA to establish a well-vetted strategic  planning document that better forecasts healthcare demands and what the  VA and the community can supply to our Nation's veterans.   I certainly understand how large of an undertaking this is.  Implementation of the MISSION Act, while it is important, is also a  challenge. There are many within the VA who share our desire to  transform the VA's healthcare system so it can continue to provide care  for veterans for generations to come. There are many at the VA who want  to see this done well and done right, but I do know it will take time.  Change is not something that occurs in a day or a month or even a year,  and the changes required here are fraught with difficulty if not done  the correct way.   The key to making certain that change is taking place is how you  respond to those difficulties. The VA leadership can learn from the  past and change the culture and complacency and excuses. We no longer  should be asking why but why not.   The VA will be testifying next week on the status of the VA MISSION  Act implementation before the House and Senate Veterans' Affairs  Committees, and I will be there. I urge them to hold nothing back, to  tell us clearly where they anticipate struggles, and that they in no  way sweep anything under the rug so they make certain we know the  challenges they are facing and so that we then can help them in the  solutions.   Without real change within the VA, we cannot hope for real change for  our veterans. We cannot afford to fail them any longer or in any  additional circumstance.   The American people, Congress, and the President have charged the VA  with a daunting mission, but it is a mission that is so worthy--to  provide our veterans, those who have served our Nation, with a VA that  is worthy of those veterans' service.   I yield the floor.   