 Mr. President, once more I am coming to the floor to  talk about the basic rules of the Senate and how we actually get on  legislation.   We have spent all of this week on four district court judicial  nominations--the entire week, no legislation--because we can't get on  legislation.   In 2013, we were in a situation similar to this. The minority party,  at that point being the Republicans, were slowing down the process in  the Senate on nominations by the Democratic Party, at that point the  majority. So Republicans and Democrats sat down together and said: This  is a problem. We cannot get to legislation.   The Republicans and Democrats together, with 70-plus votes, made a 2- year rule change in the Senate in the 113th Congress. It was a simple  rule change: 2 hours of debate for a district court judge, 8 hours of  debate for just about everyone else, and 30 hours of debate for circuit  court, Supreme Court, and Cabinet nominations. It was a bipartisan  agreement that worked very well for that 2-year time period.   Then, at the end of that 2-year time period, it had a sunset on it,  and it expired. The hope was that we would relearn how to be able to do  this. I wasn't in the Senate at that time, but I have spoken to  multiple people about that process.   What happened instead was, during the first year of that, there  continued to be ongoing frustration, so my Democratic colleagues used  what is affectionately called the nuclear option to be able to change  the rules of the Senate to say that they could bring individuals with  only 51 votes--not 60--and  [[Page S151]]  then they used the rule, on top of what they changed, to bring people  forward at greater speed, which they did. For the rest of the next  year, they used it that way.   We now come to this time period. Let me give an example of what I am  talking about and the frustration it creates. Let me confirm my number  and make sure I get it right for all of the Senate history. From 1967  until 2012, there were 46 cloture votes invoked. That means they  requested a cloture vote, and it went all the way to be a vote--46 of  those on judges and the executive branch from 1967 to 2012.   Last year, there were 46 cloture votes in this body, just in 1 year.  What was from 1967 until 2012 the total number, Democrats did to  Republicans in 1 year--last year.   The statement keeps coming up over and over again: Why can't we get  on legislation? Because each day is full of dead time, debating  nominations--nominations like what passed today unanimously in the  Senate. But we had to have cloture time set aside for it.   This has to be fixed. The rules of the Senate are set by the  Senators. In 2013, the Senators stood up and said ``This has to stop,''  and they fixed it. I am recommending again that the Senate, once again,  implement the same rule that Democrats led Republicans to do in 2013  now, in this year, and instead of doing it for one Congress, make it  the rule. If it was a good idea for Democrats in 2013 and 2014, why is  it not a good idea for Republicans and Democrats now?   That simple rule is, when we can't agree on a candidate, we would  have only 2 hours of debate on a district judge--remembering that for  the entirety of this week, it took the whole week to do four of them.  We could do 2 hours of debate for each one if it is a district court  judge, 8 hours for just about everybody else, or 30 hours of debate for  Supreme Court, circuit court, and Cabinet-level nominations.   People would think that would be a slam dunk. So far it has not been.  For some reason, my Democratic colleagues say: That rule was good for  us, but it is not good for you, and it is not good for the future of  the Senate. I believe it is. I believe it was a fair rule then, and it  is a fair rule now. Enough debating about the rules of the Senate;  let's get on to the business of the Senate and actually do what the  American people sent us here to do.   Interestingly enough, there is also a very obscure rule in the Senate  called rule XXXI. If, at the end of the year, there are still  nominations that are pending out there, those nominations have to be  returned to the White House, and they have to start all over again. The  Senate can agree by unanimous consent to say that we all understand  these are all in process and, by unanimous consent, just agree to those  things to be able to hold them on the calendar.   Let me give an example. Under President Bill Clinton, at the end of  his first year, only 13 of his nominations were sent back to the White  House. After the end of George W. Bush's first term, only two  nominations were returned back to the White House. After President  Obama's first term, only eight were sent back to the White House. After  President Trump's first term, 90 were sent back--Bill Clinton, 13;  George Bush, 2; President Obama, 8; President Trump, 90.   I don't think my Democratic colleagues understand that they are  continuing to amp up the volume of obstruction, saying: Someone has  obstructed us in the past, so we are going to do it 10 times to you.  All that leads to is that the next time the Republicans are in the  minority, we do it 10 times again, and it makes it worse.   There is a way to fix this. We should come to that mutual agreement.  We should resolve the rules of the Senate.   We have to get on to the budget. We have to get on to the Children's  Health Insurance Program. We have to get on to intelligence issues. We  have to get on to immigration. We have to get on to infrastructure. We  have to get on to a lot of other things, but we are stuck debating  about people, and that should be an easy one for us.   I am recommending to this body what my folks used to say to me: What  is good for the goose should be good for the gander. If it was a great  rule when Democrats were in the majority, it should be a great rule  when Republicans are in the majority.    Let's take clean, fair rules and apply them to everyone. Let's move  on with the nomination process. Let's get back to the business of doing  legislation so we can get this resolved.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   