 Mr. President, I commend my friend and colleague from  Maine who has been such an extraordinary leader on these issues. She is  the chairwoman of our Aging Committee. We recently had a hearing on how  we can do better on pricing for insulin diabetes products. She is  tireless,  [[Page S2667]]  and we are very grateful for her hard work.    Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from  Wisconsin for those heartfelt and inspiring remarks. It illustrates the  problem--the problem I was talking about with my friend Randy, from  Fort Wayne, who said: ``My entire career I was promised what I would  earn from my pension.''   These are people who every day got up in the dark, worked all day,  and went home in the dark so they could take care of their families, so  they could meet their obligations.   All of the businesses to which many of these teamster drivers  delivered counted on those drivers to be there every day, on time in  order to keep their business going, and they always kept their word.   The coal miners from my State were promised by Harry Truman that this  pension was a sacred obligation that would be kept, and they counted on  President Truman's word and the word of everybody else after that.   They kept the lights on in our country. They helped to make sure that  we were able to win wars. They stood up every single day to fight for  the red, white, and blue. All they ever asked is for us to keep our  word. That is what we need to do.   I am honored to have with us here today my colleague from North  Dakota, who fights every single day for the people of her State. We are  so blessed to have her with us right now.    Mr. President, I want to thank my friend and colleague  from North Dakota, who works nonstop for the people of her State.   We often talk about making sure the things we do in the Senate reward  hard work, that they stand up for hard work, that they are focused on  making sure there is a fair deal for those, as I mentioned before, who  go to work in the dark, who work all day and all evening, and who come  home in the dark, and on making sure we keep our word in regard to  pensions related to them--to the people who have worked 30, 40 years.   My colleague from Michigan, Senator Peters, has always been at the  forefront of making sure we keep our word, that we do what is right,  and that we stand up for the working men and women of Michigan and our  country.   I yield to the Senator from Michigan.    Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Michigan, who  has so many teamster members who travel back and forth across our  respective borders every day, who ride some of the most difficult and  dangerous roads in the world, who, on a constant basis, are helping  families who may be in trouble on the road, who are helping others whom  they see along the way. They are not only professional drivers and  other Teamster members; they are people who keep a sharp eye out for  others in order to help them if they are in trouble. They keep an eye  on every family who is out there on the road and on their fellow  drivers. They make America go.   So many auto parts from the Senator's State of Michigan come down to  my State of Indiana. So many parts go from my State to his State of  Michigan to create jobs, to make America go. We want to tell all of  those workers: This is your capital. This is your government. We are  the hired help. We work for you. It is our obligation to fix this  because promises were made.   President Harry Truman promised our mine workers that their pensions  would be protected and that their healthcare would be protected. Those  mine workers went down underground and powered our economy and powered  our war efforts in World War II, in Korea, in Vietnam. They were there  to ensure that when our men and women were overseas, they would have  what they needed. Promises were made. It is our obligation to keep them  for the Central States Pension Fund and for other pension programs.   As I mentioned before, these are the people who go to work in the  dark and come home in the dark, who drive our economy and who make our  country the envy of the world. They don't come up with excuses. They  make sure all of the other workers in our Nation have all of the goods  they need to put cars together, to build planes--to drive our Nation  forward, to continue to increase our productivity. That is what these  [[Page S2670]]  men and women have done for 30, 40 years, and they have contributed to  their pension plans. All they are asking is for a fair deal. It is our  job--it is up to us--to make sure we keep that sacred bond, and that is  what we will fight to do.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we are blessed to have with us my friend  and colleague from West Virginia, Senator Manchin. No one fights harder  for the working folks than Senator Manchin. No one fought harder to  make sure we were able to protect the healthcare benefits of our  retired mine workers. We worked together on that nonstop to make sure  that promise was kept, and Senator Manchin has continued to work  nonstop to protect the pensions of these mine workers and of so many  others, like of the Central States. Senator Manchin has been kind  enough to join us this afternoon, and we look forward to his remarks.    Mr. President, we are so fortunate to have such a  fighter for the people of West Virginia in Senator Manchin. We are  grateful for his hard work.   We have another amazing fighter for the people of the State of  Minnesota, Senator Klobuchar. Senator Klobuchar has fought nonstop on  this issue as well.    Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from  Minnesota. She has been a nonstop advocate for folks across her State  and across the country. Another nonstop advocate has been my friend and  colleague from Pennsylvania, Senator Casey, who works tirelessly not  only on behalf of the Keystone State but on behalf of working families  all across America.    Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues from  Pennsylvania and Minnesota, who are still in the Chamber with us right  now. Their focus has always been on honoring hard work, on making sure  that we keep our word to the truckdriver who has paid in every day, who  is riding down the Pennsylvania Turnpike or the Schuylkill Expressway  or heading up I-35 in Minnesota and that we keep the promise that was  made to them after 30, 35 years of hard work, of driving, of trying to  keep people safe, of making a difference, of delivering the food people  have to eat, the parts people have to put together at work to make sure  our country can continue to move forward. Those are the folks we are  talking about.   If either of my colleagues would like to say anything else in regard  to the amazing, hard work of the miners in Pennsylvania or the  teamsters in Minnesota--those are the folks, the Central States Pension  Fund and so many other pension funds, as well, that we fight for every  single day to try to get this done because, as the Senator from  Pennsylvania said, this is a job that is half done right now. We were  able to make sure we protected the healthcare benefits that were  promised.   There was a miner and his wife with whom I spent time in Oakland  City, IN, down in Gibson County where we have so many coal mines. When  I saw him, he said: This is one of the greatest days for me when we  were able to keep healthcare benefits.   He said: ``It's not for me. It's because my wife, who is ill''--and  they are both in their eighties--``can now get her medicine again next  week.'' That is what his concern was. It wasn't about himself. It was  about his wife and making sure, with the pain she was struggling with  and the healthcare problems that she had, that he was able to make sure  she would be OK.   That is our job; it is to back up the word that was given to him  because he spent his life working nonstop to keep our country moving  forward, and all he asked in return is that we keep our word.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   