 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we are talking about the subject of  justice, and I thought it would be appropriate to take a couple of  minutes here, before we get ready to vote, to signify a unique  injustice that occurred in the State of Florida 70 years ago.   In July of 1949, a White couple was driving their truck when it broke  down on a rural road near Groveland, FL. Two Black men, Walter Irvin  and Samuel Shepherd, stopped to help the couple. What would follow  would be a horrifying injustice that haunts Florida and truly the  Nation to this day.   Norma Padgett was the White woman in that truck. She was 17 years  old. She told police she was abducted and raped by four Black men. Many  locals at the time doubted her story. Her estranged husband was known  to be a drinker and to become violent with her. Many suspected she made  up these accusations to cover up for his abuse. The sheriff's office,  nevertheless, detained three men for this alleged crime.   Walter Irvin and Samuel Shepherd, the two men who stopped to help the  couple, were both World War II veterans. They both denied abducting or  raping the woman. Nevertheless, they were detained, and they were  brutally beaten in the basement of the sheriff's office, in the jail,  until they confessed to a crime they did not commit. A few days later,  Mr. Shepherd's family home was burned to the ground.   At the time that truck broke down, a third man, 16-year-old Charles  Greenlee--so, really, a boy--was 20 miles away, which was a fact that  was testified to by a store watchman. He didn't even know Mr. Irvin or  Mr. Shepherd. The woman's own husband testified he was not one of the  four men whom he alleged had brutally beaten him and abducted and raped  his wife. Yet he too was taken to the basement of that jail and was  brutally beaten.   A fourth man, Earnest Thomas, was never arrested because he was  hunted down for over 30 hours by an armed posse of over 1,000 men,  including the county sheriff. They found him sleeping under a tree in  Madison County, FL, and they shot him to death.   Greenlee, Irvin, and Shepherd were tried. The judge who presided over  that case denied their attorney access to exculpatory evidence. The  judge in that case barred testimony about how they had been beaten  until they had confessed. Then an all-White jury convicted them. It  sentenced Irvin and Shepherd to death and sentenced 16-year-old  Greenlee to life in prison.   A young attorney named Thurgood Marshall took up their case. He  appealed it to the Supreme Court of the United States, which found they  did not receive a fair trial. In fact, Justice Robert Jackson said the  trial was ``one of the best examples of one of the worst menaces to  American justice.'' The Supreme Court ordered a retrial.   A few months later, the same sheriff who was part of that posse  picked up Mr. Irvin and Mr. Shepherd from jail in order to transport  them from prison to a hearing before the trial. He pulled his car over  and pulled the two men--handcuffed to each other--out of the car and  shot them. Mr. Shepherd died. Mr. Irvin played dead. The FBI later  found evidence that he had been shot while lying on the ground,  handcuffed to Mr. Shepherd. By the way, lying wounded, his treatment  was delayed. The hospital refused to transport him because he was a  Black man.   Mr. Irvin was eventually retried. He was again convicted in another  sham trial and was again sentenced to death. By 1955, the facts of the  case were so troubling that Florida Governor LeRoy Collins took him off  death row and commuted his sentence to life in prison. Finally, in  1968, he was paroled by Governor Claude Kirk. One year later, Mr. Irvin  returned to Lake County for a funeral. He was found dead in his car.   Mr. Greenlee, the 16-year-old, at the time of the manufactured crime,  was paroled in 1960. He left Florida and died in April of 2012 at the  age of 78.   In 2017, the Florida Legislature unanimously voted to issue what is  now known as the Groveland Four a formal and heartfelt apology, and  they asked the State's cabinet to undertake an expedited review of the  case and issue pardons.   I come here today to talk about this case because, while there is  nothing we can do to give Mr. Thomas or Mr. Shepherd back their lives  and while there is nothing we can do to give Mr. Irvin or Mr. Greenlee  back the years they spent in jail for a crime they did not commit, we  can give these men back their good names.   What we can do now in Florida, as a State, is to seek the forgiveness  of their families and of them for the grave injustice that was  committed against them. This is why I come to the Senate floor today-- to urge the new Florida cabinet to do this as soon as possible, after  they take office next month, because after 70 years, it is time for  Florida to do the right thing for the Groveland Four.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Iowa.   