 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the combined rule for H.R. 4296, my  bill that addresses difficulties with operational risk capital  requirements imposed on financial institutions, and H.R. 4607, the  Comprehensive Regulatory Review Act. Both of these bills are  commonsense reforms to regulation that will improve the efficiency of  our financial system. My legislation, H.R. 4296, will replace misguided  capital standards imposed by the international standard setters, the  Basel Committee.   The Basel Committee requires U.S. institutions to hold excessive  capital based on a ``look back'' approach of an organization's risks,  previous earnings, and other provisions that provide no indication of  future risks. The methodology employed by this international body has  forced our banks to hold hundreds of billions of dollars in reserve  rather than putting the money to work in the form of loans and  investments. That is money that could be used to fund mortgage loans,  car loans, and other day-to-day financing for American consumers.   I recognize the importance of our Nation's financial institutions to  hold capital in the event of a future crisis or distress, and H.R. 4296  maintains those capital requirements. As a former regulator, I can tell  you that it is important to have adequate capital to regard against  loss. But there is a sweet spot that needs to be attained, and  regulators can do that if you have proper regulation in place.   What this bill does is amend the method by which the reserve capital  is calculated by focusing standards based on an organization's current  business activities. This approach offers a better assessment of the  amount of capital that should be held to withstand any future crisis.   The methods-based approach proposed in H.R. 4296 properly calibrates  operational capital requirements. It maintains strong and healthy  financial institutions, while unshackling billions of dollars for  lending purposes.   The second bill we are discussing here today provides another  opportunity to advance a more practical approach to regulation. H.R.  4607, the Comprehensive Regulatory Review Act, sponsored by Mr.  Loudermilk from Georgia, offers a holistic approach to U.S. prudential  financial regulation.   This bill requires all Federal financial agencies, including the CFPB  and National Credit Union Association, to participate in the Economic  Growth and Regulatory Paperwork Reduction Act's, or EGRPRA,  comprehensive review of rules and regulations. The purpose of the  review is to ensure that regulation is not overly burdensome,  duplicative, or outdated, while maintaining standards to promote safety  and soundness.   Additionally, H.R. 4607 requires the agencies to meet every 7 years  for a comprehensive regulatory evaluation, as opposed to the current  10-year cycle in statute.   I am hard pressed to think of a less controversial bill than this  one. Requiring regulators to review the impact of their actions on a  more frequent basis is a simple and straightforward way to improve  efficiency.   H.R. 4296 and H.R. 4607 have garnered bipartisan support, Mr.  Speaker, because they are practical solutions that will properly guide  supervisors to enforce more effective regulation. The result of these  modest bills will be the promotion of a vibrant and open economy that  works for the American people.   Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this  rule and the underlying bills.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his great  leadership and for helping us with this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4296, legislation that  would set reasonable parameters for Federal financial regulators when  establishing operational risk capital requirements so that banks can  best leverage their capital to grow their local economies.   In the wake of the financial crisis, operational risk capital  requirements were first agreed to at the Basel Committee. That is a  foreign group of folks who get together. We have accepted some of their  advice, unfortunately, and then it was implemented in the United States  by the FDIC, the OCC, and the Federal Reserve.   Like many concepts fashioned at the Basel Committee, the original  intent may have seemed to be a good idea, but the implementation has  brought about confusion and unintended consequences.   The committee, realizing it didn't get it right, has revised its  recommended operational risk standards on more than one occasion in the  last few years. The first was in the fall of 2014, when the committee  found that its original standards were under-calibrated. The second  came in 2016, when the Basel Committee suggested a requirement that  would force banks to look back and hold capital against discounted  activities and products. This is not an appropriate way to determine  capital requirements.   So what does this mean?   It means that today a bank that exited a particular line of business  must still hold the same amount of capital as another bank that is  still engaged in that business. It also means that a bank that spends  money to improve risk management will be saddled with the same capital  standards as a bank that has done nothing to improve its risk  management.   My legislation would instill confidence by instituting clear  guardrails for operational risk capital requirements. This is  particularly important considering that the European regulators have  moved the goalposts on U.S. regulators and financial institutions  several times.   H.R. 4296 will also ensure that the imposition of forward-looking  capital requirements focus on the bank's current activities and  businesses.   Equally important, this bill would incentivize institutions to  mitigate operational risk, creating safer banks and a safer financial  system.   To be clear, this legislation does not prevent Federal financial  regulators from instituting operational risk capital requirements. It  does not eliminate the authority of a regulator to assess operational  risk, nor does it prevent regulators from requiring that capital be  held against riskier activities or businesses.   In other words, it would allow the regulators to continue their  business of regulating, but putting some common sense in the regulation  and allowing the flexibility to be able to use a forward-looking way of  assessing risk rather than being forced to do a look-back-type of risk  analysis.   This bill puts forth a thoughtful framework that sets parameters  while allowing regulators the flexibility needed to ensure that capital  standards are appropriately tailored.   Given my background as both a banker and a regulator, I am often one  of the loudest voices in favor of strong capital standards. At the same  time, those standards need to make sense, Mr. Speaker. They need to  reflect the actual risk posed by the institution to the financial  system.   These standards have a tremendous impact on a bank's capital levels,  and it is important that the regulators get them right so that they  don't hamstring the bank's ability to meet the credit needs of its  local economy and community.   I hope my colleagues will join me in voting in favor of this  commonsense bipartisan legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I again thank the chairman for his support.   