 Mr. President, I stand today in support of S. 139, the  FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act.   As we know, the first responsibility of the U.S. Government is to  protect our citizens. To do so, we must make sure that those who  protect us have the tools to keep us safe. This bill does exactly that.  It provides the intelligence community and law enforcement with the  right tools, but it also minds the civil liberties and the privacy  protections that our Constitution requires, especially given the ever- changing technological landscape.    The importance of our country's safety and security has been  highlighted in several events from just the past 2 years. We often get  lost in the constant news cycle, but let's not forget that New York  City suffered three significant terrorist attacks in the last 15 months  alone.   In September 2016, a terrorist detonated a pressure-cooker bomb in  New York's Chelsea neighborhood. A second pressure-cooker bomb was  found a few blocks away but didn't detonate. Earlier that day, a bomb  went off near the start of a Marine Corps charity race.   This past October, Sayfullo Saipov drove a rented truck onto the bike  lane and pedestrian walkway on the West Side Highway. He mowed down  numerous civilians, killing eight and injuring 12 others.   And this past December, Akayed Ullah detonated a bomb in New York  City's subway tunnel to the Port Authority Bus Terminal, injuring  several people near him. He told investigators that he did it in the  name of ISIS.   In June 2016, Omar Mateen shot and killed 49 and injured 53 others in  Orlando, also an act in the name of ISIS.   In September 2016, a terrorist stabbed 10 people at a mall in St.  Cloud, MN.   In November 2016, a terrorist injured 13 after driving into and  trying to stab students and teachers at Ohio State.   And in December 2015, we had the San Bernardino shooting, where  terrorists killed 14 and injured 22.   We have also seen terrorist incidents evolving around the world,  especially impacting our friends in Europe.   In the United Kingdom alone, there have been at least a half dozen  terrorist attacks in the past year, including a subway bombing in  London, injuring 30 people; a van plowing down pedestrians on London  Bridge, injuring 48 and killing 8 people; the Manchester concert  bombing, in which 22 people were killed; and the attack on the British  Parliament in London, killing 4, including a person from Utah.   All of these attacks and more show that the threats are real, and we  must protect our country by lawful constitutional means. Congress has  done so by providing lawful authority such as section 702. The section  702 program has been called ``the most significant tool'' in the NSA  arsenal for the detection and disruption of terrorist threats. The NSA  Director has said publicly that ``there is no alternative way'' to  replicate section 702 collection. Some estimate that over 25 percent of  all current U.S. intelligence is based upon section 702 collection.   There are some key examples. Hajji Iman rose from a high school  teacher to become the second in command of ISIS. He was a main focus of  NSA's counterterrorism efforts. The U.S. Government offered a $7  million reward for information leading to his capture. We spent over 2  years looking for him. He  [[Page S178]]  was ultimately captured based almost exclusively on intelligence  information from section 702.   Najibullah Zazi is in prison for planning an attack of the New York  City subway system with explosives in 2009. He received explosive  training in Pakistan from al-Qaida. He was discovered after he  corresponded with an email address used by an al-Qaida courier in  Pakistan, seeking advice on how to build explosives. The section 702  program uncovered the correspondence. Without that discovery, the  subway bombing plot might have succeeded.   In October 2013, the FBI began investigating Shawn Parson, a  foreigner from Trinidad and Tobago, after Parson began posting comments  online expressing a desire to commit an attack against Western  interests. Information collected through section 702 revealed Parson's  efforts and was instrumental in identifying additional members of  Parson's network.   Through the section 702 program, the FBI assisted foreign partners to  identify the individual who committed the 2016 New Year's Eve terrorist  attack at a night club in Turkey. During that attack, 38 people were  killed or seriously injured, including an American citizen.   Those are just the unclassified examples.   It is important to remind my colleagues of the purpose behind section  702. It provides the government the authority to collect the electronic  communications of foreigners located outside of the United States.  Under section 702, it is against the law to target anyone in the United  States or any American citizen, wherever that citizen is in the world.   The program is targeted. It is not a bulk collection system.  Furthermore, the FISA Court must approve targeting procedures to ensure  that only appropriate individuals are subject to surveillance.  Minimization procedures limit the handling and use of information that  is collected. All three branches of government have a hand in  overseeing the program to protect the constitutional rights of the  American people.   It is also important to remind my colleagues that this legislation  was first signed into law in 2008. When we took up consideration in  2012 and debated the law, we authorized this legislation with no  changes. The 2012 clean reauthorization had the full support of  President Obama.   Some of our Senate colleagues oppose this bill. Their first, and most  consistent, claim is that section 702 violates the Fourth Amendment.  Our colleagues claim that it is an ``end-run'' around the Constitution.  Others call it a ``legal loophole,'' a ``backdoor,'' or ``warrantless  surveillance.''   Nothing could be further from the truth. Section 702 is fully  consistent with the Constitution. Every Federal court to review section  702--even including the very liberal Ninth Circuit--has upheld the law.  The Supreme Court's recent decision to deny review of the Ninth Circuit  case lets stand that court's decision. These courts consistently  determined that a warrant is not required to collect or query section  702 information.   Moreover, the independent PCLOB review board has reviewed the entire  legal framework of section 702 and has also found it to be  constitutional.   The other main claim against this bill is that it provides ``new''  powers to the government. Again, this is not true.   Nevertheless, this bill does include some significant reforms. First,  the bill requires the FBI to get a warrant in some criminal cases. In  other words, we have added a warrant where courts have held that none  are necessary. The bill also provides protection for whistleblowers and  requires an inspector general's report.   In short, this bill provides our government the tools it needs to  protect our national security while providing some much needed  transparency measures and increased privacy and civil liberties  protections.   My colleagues can tell that I am very strongly in support of this  legislation. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this very  important national security protection legislation.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from North Carolina.   