 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Correa for his leadership in  putting together this Special Order.   I know this shocks us all, what is happening at the border, because  in our country, family is an institution. It shapes every aspect of our  lives.   If you just listen to Ronald Reagan, who painted a wonderful picture  of what family means in America, he said: ``The family has always been  the cornerstone of American society. Our families nurture, preserve,  and pass on to each succeeding generation the values we share and  cherish, values that are the foundation of our freedoms.''    That is Ronald Reagan talking about the family as an American  institution.   Today, family, that concept, is being torn apart and challenged at  our own borders. Screaming children are being ripped from their  parents' arms. These parents are fleeing government violence, domestic  violence, religious persecution. They follow generations of people who  came to America seeking a better life. Remember that America was  founded by people fleeing religious persecution in Europe.   We know the story all too well about what is happening at the border  in San Diego where, last week, Dana Sabraw, a Federal judge appointed  by George W. Bush, refused to dismiss a lawsuit challenging family  separation. The lawsuit involved a Congolese woman and her 7-year-old  daughter who were separated at the San Ysidro border crossing after  applying for asylum.   As The New York Times described, the girl ``was taken away `screaming  and crying, pleading with guards not to take her from her mother,'''  and then she was sent to Chicago, thousands of miles away. They didn't  see each other for 4 months.   This is common practice. After children are taken from their parents,  many parents don't have any idea where they went, who is taking care of  them, or how to reach them.   Now, this mother and her child were reunited, but only after a legal  challenge and a DNA test.   This mother was looking for the life all parents try to provide their  children: one of security and comfort, one of hope, one of opportunity.   We don't know the exact number of children who have been separated  from their parents, but we do know that just one is unacceptable when  their parents were just trying to give them a better life.   It is also potentially unconstitutional, because I know people in  this Chamber still care about that.   In his opinion, Judge Sabraw said that family separation  ``arbitrarily tears at the sacred bond between parent and child. Such  conduct . . . is brutal, offensive, and fails to comport with  traditional notions of fair play and decency.''   He also reiterated these same constitutional rights are guaranteed to  the noncitizens who come to our borders and ask us for asylum.   The American Psychological Association called on the Trump  administration to stop this cruel practice, citing increased anxiety,  depression, psychological distress, and developmental disruptions in  children who are separated from their parents.   But as parents, we don't need the American Psychological Association  to tell us that. Imagine it is you and your children. Imagine how you  would feel if you were trying to take care of your kids and had one  torn away from you.   We had one account of a woman nursing her baby. The baby girl was  ripped from her arms while she was breast feeding at a detention  center.   How many children will have to suffer before we have to say, ``No  more''?   Thankfully, we can do something here. We will not admit every family  who comes and asks for our protection. We understand they don't all met  the criteria for asylum. But while they wait for a decision on their  application, we can treat these families with respect and dignity that  demonstrates American values to the rest of the world.   Tearing families apart as an immigration deterrent is repulsive, and  it is not us.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. Correa, for his leadership and  for holding this conversation on this important topic.   It shocks the conscience. I hear all the time from my constituents  who are horrified by this. We need to stop this. We will continue to  come back and speak up if we have to, but this needs to end.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Correa once again for holding this hour.   