 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Democrats here in the Senate have really  raised obstruction to an art form in this Congress. The Presidential  nominees--they have obstructed and obstructed some more, even when they  ultimately planned to support the nominee. We have had many nominees  who have come to the floor who have been objected to and had to go  through the long postcloture process, only to get to the end of it and  have those nominees be voted out in many cases unanimously. I have seen  that happen in the committee that I chair, the Commerce, Science, and  Transportation Committee. We have nominees over here who are  noncontroversial who are being held up by the Democrats. Many of them  are in important  [[Page S290]]  positions in our government. The FRA--Federal Railroad Administrator-- is a key safety position in the administration who is being held up by  the Democrats even though he is supremely qualified for the job and I  think will have a huge bipartisan vote here in the Senate, were it to  occur.   We have seen this consistent pattern of obstruction when it comes to  nominees and giving the President an opportunity to fill his  administration with the positions that are key to not only his getting  his agenda done but the American people seeing their government  function in a way that represents their interests.   Tax reform. Well, Democrats absolutely refused to work with  Republicans on a bill. They fought hard against passage despite the  fact that the Democrats have previously called for reform and supported  many of the very proposals that were included in the law.   Now, of course, the Democrats are threatening to shut down the  government and block funding for the Children's Health Insurance  Program--a program they claim to support--because they are not happy  that they are not getting an immigration bill that they want this week.  That is right, Mr. President--Democrats are threatening to shut down  the government and block funding for health insurance for 9 million  low-income children because they are not getting the bill they want  when they want it.   Members on both sides of the aisle are eager to find a legislative  solution to the status of children who were brought to this country  illegally through no fault of their own. There is broad support among  both Democrats and Republicans for getting a solution to that. In fact,  there is a group who has been meeting every day on that very issue in  an attempt to try to put together a solution that would help address  that issue in a way that not only resolves the status of these young  people who came to this country illegally but also addresses the  broader issue of border security and chain migration and visa lotteries  and all those sorts of things. So there are a series of issues that  relate to immigration that are being worked on now by both sides of the  aisle in the hope that they can come to a solution about that, but  there is no agreement just yet.   While we hope to get to a deal as soon as possible, the deadline for  reaching an agreement is not imminent, not to mention that passing a  bill on the status of Dreamers is completely unrelated to the need to  fund the government.   If the Democrats continue with their plan to block government  funding, the government will shut down tomorrow night. That means that  all kinds of government services will be affected in areas ranging from  veterans, to public health, to worker and product safety, and to  national parks and monuments. Funding for our military will also be  threatened, which represents a particular danger as we try to rebuild  our military after years of neglect under the Obama  administration. Also, of course, as I mentioned, the Children's Health  Insurance Program will not get funded, and 9 million low-income  children will be well on the way to losing their healthcare coverage.    The Children's Health Insurance Program extension that we want to  pass as part of this bill is something that has long been supported by  Democrats. In fact, the policy in this bill is virtually identical to  the bipartisan extension legislation that was introduced by Senators  Hatch and Wyden and passed by the Senate Finance Committee last year,  except that we have included an additional year of funding. I serve as  a member of the Senate Finance Committee, and when we passed that bill  last year, it was a 5-year authorization. The legislation that we will  have in front of us this evening that will fund the government includes  a 6-year reauthorization of the Children's Health Insurance Program.  That would mark the longest extension of the Children's Health  Insurance Program since the program was created back in 1997. It would  provide 6 years of guaranteed funding so that care for children and  pregnant women can continue without disruption.   It is extremely difficult to understand how the same Democrats who  have strongly advocated for this program are now opposing legislation  to extend it and seeking to shut down the government. In fact,  Democrats are now actively bragging that they have the votes to shut  down the government.   Nobody thinks the short-term funding bill before us is ideal. We  would much rather have a long-term agreement, and eventually we will.  But this bill will fund the government, it will protect the military,  and it will provide a very significant extension of an essential  healthcare program for low-income children.   Democrats' intention of opposing this bill because they are upset  that they can't get exactly what they want, when they want it, is  irresponsible given the good-faith efforts that are being made by both  sides to come to an agreement when it comes to the issue of immigration  and when it comes to the issue of the broader funding debate we are  having here in the Senate. This attempt by the Democrats is totally  shortsighted. It is a partisan, political maneuver that will harm our  troops and some of the most vulnerable among us.   We still have time before the government shuts down, and I hope the  more moderate elements of the Democratic Party here in the Senate will  rethink their leader's opposition to funding the government and to  extending health insurance for low-income children and for pregnant  women. That is what we are talking about. That is simply what this  does. There is still time to come together to pass this bill and to  move on to the other important priorities that are facing our Nation.   I hope that cooler heads will prevail, that people here in this  Chamber will come to their senses, and that we can pass a funding bill  this evening that would avoid a government shutdown tomorrow and would  fund for 6 years the Children's Health Insurance Program and set up the  conditions that would allow the discussions to continue about how to  resolve some of the outstanding and unrelated issues that still need to  come to a resolution.   That is my hope. I hope our colleagues on both sides will come to the  realization that this idea that is being put forward by the Democrats-- and for which, as I said, they are taking credit right now--of shutting  down the government is really a bad idea and not in the best interests  of the American people, nor those 9 million children who would benefit  from a long-term extension of the Children's Health Insurance Program.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   