 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   Congratulating Chloe Kim on Winning a Gold Medal at the Winter Olympics     Madam President, let me begin by congratulating Chloe  Kim, a first-generation American who won an Olympic Gold Medal for the  United States in the women's halfpipe snowboarding event this week.   Her father, Jong Jin Kim emigrated from South Korea to the United  States in 1982, became a dishwasher at a fast-food restaurant, studied  engineering at El Camino College after working those low-skilled jobs,  and then became an engineer. He left his engineering job to support his  daughter's snowboarding ambitions so he could drive her 5\1/2\ hours to  the mountain for training.   Congratulations to Chloe and to her entire family. You make the  United States proud.   Madam President, the whole debate we are now undertaking over  immigration and the Dreamers has become somewhat personal for me  because it has reminded me, in a very strong way, that I and my brother  are first-generation Americans. We are the sons of an immigrant who  came to this country at the age of 17 without a nickel in his pocket, a  young man who was a high school dropout, who did not know one word of  English, and who had no particular trade.   A few years ago, my brother and I and our families went to the small  town where he came from, and it just stunned me, the kind of courage he  showed and millions of other people show leaving their homeland to come  to a very different world, in many cases, without money, without  knowledge of the language.   My father immigrated to this country because the town where he lived  in Poland was incredibly poor. There was no economic opportunity for  him. People there struggled to put food on the table for their  families. Hunger was a real issue in that area. My father came to this  country to avoid the violence and bloodshed of World War I, which came  to his part of the world in a ferocious manner, and he came to this  country to escape the religious bigotry that existed then because he  was Jewish. My father lived in this country until his death in 1962. He  never made a lot of money. He was a paint salesman.   My father was not a political person, but it turned out that without  talking much about it, he was the proudest American you ever saw, and  he was so proud of this country because he was deeply grateful that the  United States had welcomed him in and allowed him opportunities that  would have been absolutely unthinkable from where he came.   The truth is, immigration is not just my story. It is not just the  story of one  [[Page S942]]  young man coming from Poland who managed to see two of his kids go to  college and one of his sons become a U.S. Senator. It is not just my  family's story. It is the story of my wife's family who came from  Ireland, and it is the story of tens of millions of American families  who came from every single part of this world.   In September of 2017, President Trump precipitated the current crisis  we are dealing with by revoking President Obama's DACA Executive order.  If President Trump believed that Executive order was unconstitutional  and it needed legislation, he could have come to Congress for a  legislative solution without holding 800,000 young people hostage by  revoking their DACA status. President Trump chose not to do that. He  chose to provoke the crisis we are experiencing today. That is a crisis  we have to deal with in the Senate, and we have to deal with it now.   Let us be very clear about the nature of this crisis because some  people say: Well, it is really not imminent. It is not something we  have to worry about now. Those people are wrong. As a result of Trump's  decision, 122 people every day are now losing their legal status, and  within a couple of years, hundreds of thousands of these young people  will have lost their legal protection and be subject to deportation.  The situation we are in right now, as a result of Trump's action,  means, if we do not immediately protect the legal status of some  800,000 Dreamers--young people who were brought to this country at the  age of 1 or 3 or 6--young people who have known no other home but the  United States of America--let us be clear that if we do not act and act  soon, these hundreds of thousands of young people could be subject to  deportation.   That means they could be arrested outside their home, where they have  lived for virtually their entire life, and suddenly be placed in a  jail. They could be pulled out of a classroom where they are teaching,  and there are some 20,000 DACA recipients who are now teaching in  schools all over this country. If we do not act and act now, there  could be agents going into those schools, pulling those teachers right  out and arresting them and subjecting them to deportation. Insane as it  may sound, I suppose the 900 DACA recipients who now serve in the U.S.  military today could find themselves in the position of being arrested  and deported from the country they are putting their lives on the line  to defend. Some people say: Well, that is far-fetched. Well, I am not  so sure. It could happen. How insane is that? That is where we are  today, and that is what could happen if we do not do the right thing  and this week pass legislation in the Senate to protect the Dreamers.   We have a moral responsibility to stand up for the Dreamers and their  families and to prevent what will be an indelible moral stain on our  country if we fail to act. I do not want to see what the history books  will be saying about this Congress if we allow 800,000 young people to  be subjected to deportation, to live in incredible fear and anxiety.   Here is the very good news for the Dreamers. It is actually news that  a couple of years ago, I would not have believed to be possible. The  overwhelming majority of American people--Democrats, Republicans,  Independents--absolutely agree we must provide legal protection for the  Dreamers and that we should provide them with a path toward  citizenship. That is not Bernie Sanders talking, that is what the  American people are saying in poll after poll.   Just recently, a January 20 CBS News poll found that nearly 9 out of  10 Americans, 87 percent, favor allowing young immigrants who entered  the United States illegally as children to remain in the United  States--87 percent in Iowa, in Vermont, and in every State in this  country. There is strong support for legal status for the Dreamers and  a path toward citizenship.   On January 11, a Quinnipiac poll found that 86 percent of American  voters, including 76 percent of Republicans, say they want the Dreamers  to remain in this country.   On February 5, in a Monmouth poll, when asked about Dreamers' status,  nearly three out of four Americans support allowing these young people  to automatically become U.S. citizens as long as they don't have a  criminal record. In other words, the votes that are going to be cast  hopefully today, maybe tomorrow, are not profiles in courage. They are  not Members of the Senate coming up and saying: Against all the odds, I  believe I am going to vote for what is right. This is what the  overwhelming majority of the American people want.   Maybe, just maybe, it might be appropriate to do what the American  people want rather than what a handful of xenophobic extremists want.  Maybe we should listen to the American people--Democrats, Republicans,  and Independents--who understand it would be a morally atrocious thing  to allow these young people to be deported. When I think, from a  political perspective, about 80, 85, 90 percent of the American people  supporting anything in a nation which is as divided as we are today,  this is really extraordinary. You can't get 80 percent of the American  people to agree on what their favorite ice cream is, but we have 80  percent of the American people who are saying, do not turn your back on  these young people who have lived in this country for virtually their  entire lives.   We have to act and act soon in the Senate, and there is good  legislation that would allow us to do that. In the House, the good news  is, there is now bipartisan legislation, sponsored by Congressman Hurd  and Congressman Aguilar, which will provide protection for Dreamers and  a path toward citizenship. My understanding is, bipartisan legislation  now has majority support.   I urge, in the strongest terms possible, that Speaker Ryan allow  democracy to prevail in the House, allow the vote to take place. If you  have a majority of Members of the House, in a bipartisan way, who  support legislation, allow that legislation to come to the floor. Let  the Members vote their will, and if that occurs, I think the Dreamers  legislation will prevail.   Madam President, we all understand that there is a need for serious  debate and legislation regarding comprehensive immigration reform. This  is a difficult issue, an issue where there are differences of opinion.  There are a whole lot of aspects to it. How do we provide a path toward  citizenship for the 11 million people in this country who are currently  undocumented but who are working hard, who are raising their kids, who  are obeying the law? What should the overall immigration policy of our  country be? How many people should be allowed to enter this country  every year? Where should they come from?   All of this is very, very important and needs to be seriously  debated, but that debate and that legislation is not going to be taking  place in a 2-day period. It is going to need some serious time, some  hearings, some committee work before the Congress is prepared to vote  on comprehensive immigration reform, and it will not and cannot happen  today, tomorrow, or this week.   Our focus now, as a result of Trump's decision in September, must be  on protecting the Dreamers and their families and on the issue of  border security.   There will be important legislation coming to the floor of the Senate  today or maybe tomorrow, and I would hope that we could do the right  thing, do the moral thing, and do something that history will look back  on as very positive legislation. Let's go forward. Let's pass the  Dreamers bill. Let's deal with border security, and then, in the near  future, let us deal with comprehensive immigration reform.   I yield the floor.   (The Acting President pro tempore assumed the Chair.)   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sasse). The Senator from Oregon.   