 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I plan to speak more fully tomorrow on  this topic, but the Constitution, as I know the Presiding Officer knows  and I know others in the Chamber know, gives the U.S. Congress the  authority to deal with revenues and tariffs.   I know we are dealing with some regular order business during this  week, and I am glad we are able to do so. I congratulate my colleague-- the other Senator from Tennessee, our senior Senator--for the way he is  conducting himself as it relates to dealing with appropriations and the  members of the Appropriations Committee for the work they have done to  make sure we can move through this in a timely fashion.   From time to time, moments arise in U.S. history where Congress  should assert its authority and play a calming role at a time when the  world is roiling from a President who wakes up each morning and decides  the next steps he is going to take against other countries, as it  relates to tariffs, with no seeming strategy nor reasoning for much of  what he is doing.   We have an amendment we are seeking to make even better to hopefully  cause the Congress--the U.S. Senate and the House of Representatives-- to take its rightful role as it relates to this tariff situation.   Today, we had a number of small businesses from Tennessee--I am sure  there are many from Indiana and Alaska--that are wondering what in the  world they are waking up to as tariffs just seem to be rolling off at  the White House--again, with no seeming strategy or thought, but just  waking up and putting in place taxes on the American people, changing  the relationships that have been built since World War II between our  Nation and others, in some cases, appearing to take place over personal  tiffs the President may have against an individual or another company.  That is not the way the United States has led the world. We have a  responsibility as a Congress over these matters.   Section 232 of the Trade Act has never been used like it is being  used today, where we, in essence, are claiming, under the guise of  national security, tariffs being put in place against our neighbors and  against our allies. I don't think there is a person in this body who  believes the national security waiver being utilized in the manner it  is being utilized is even appropriate. I can't imagine there is anybody  in this body who even believes that to be the case. Yet our President  wakes up on a daily basis and decides he is going to put in place  policies that are going to affect our Nation and others and the  citizens we represent, affecting them in major ways.    So I am here today to say that I know pressure is going to build. I  know other countries are going to retaliate. They have no choice but to  retaliate. The citizens they represent would push them--are pushing  them--to retaliate. They have no choice.   We as a body have a responsibility at this time to reclaim our  responsibilities as they relate to tariffs and revenues. Allow the  President to continue to negotiate--allow him to do so--but when he  completes his work, he should bring whatever it is he would like to  impose on other countries--especially since he is using section 232 in  ways that it was never intended--he should bring that to the Senate and  to the House of Representatives, and we should decide. If section 232  is being abused in the way that it is, we should decide what tariffs  should be put in place.   I plan to come back and speak on this matter tomorrow. I hope that at  some point--as pressure builds, as chaos is created in other countries  and around the world, as our leadership role in the world continues to  take a hit and be challenged, I hope the Senate will rise to the  occasion.   I thank those many people on both sides of the aisle who have  sponsored legislation to deal with this. I hope the leader and the  minority leader of the Senate will decide that this is an important  issue we need to take up and that we will take action.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   