 Mr. President, I wish to personally thank the Presiding  Officer for all the work he has done to come up with what I believe is  the right framework for fulfilling the promise to solve and create a  viable solution for the DACA population and to deal with the other  things that are critically important as we take this first major step  in immigration reform after decades of failure.   Last year, I and Senator Lankford, who will be speaking after I do,  decided we really wanted to get a discussion around a legal path to  citizenship for a significant portion of the population of the  illegally present. The deferred action program that was implemented by  President Obama is what we used as kind of a baseline for determining  how we could actually define that population and set terms so we could  ultimately accept them into this country, and they could ultimately get  citizenship.   The proposal we have outlined today--and I should also thank Chairman  Grassley for his leadership. I have served on the Judiciary Committee  for 3 years during my first term in the Senate and for 3 years on the  Immigration Subcommittee. Under his leadership, we have crafted a  framework that is consistent with what the President has proposed.   It is also consistent with what virtually anybody who has been around  here for any amount of time has voted for in one form or another. It is  a four-pillar framework that first begins with a path to citizenship  for some 1.8 million DACA-eligible persons in the United States today.  They were young when they came into this country. Some are adults now,  but they came to this country through the decision of their parents. I,  for one--and I believe many of my colleagues who support this bill-- believe they should be given an opportunity to be U.S. citizens.   After the bill is ratified, they will have an opportunity, based on a  10-year or 12-year timeline, to have the certainty of having legal  status and then a path to citizenship that could be 10 to 12 years. It  is fairly straightforward, in terms of the requirements to come into  the program. Some 1.8 million will qualify, once we ratify this bill  and send it to the President's desk.   Coupled with this, it is critically important to not make the  mistakes of the past. First off, let's not just come in and assume we  are going to pass a standalone Dream Act. The reason for that is, it  has failed every single time it has been attempted. It has failed under  a Republican administration. It has failed under a Democratic  administration. It even failed at a time when President Obama was in  the White House, and there were supermajorities of Democrats in the  Senate and a majority in the House. So even when not a single  Republican vote would be necessary, they were unable to produce a  solution.   Now, this week, we have an opportunity to debate one that I think  works. No. 1, there is broad consensus. Even among people who have  never supported a path to citizenship before, there is broad consensus  that this is a workable, viable, compassionate framework. So 1.8  million DACA-eligible persons qualify for a path to citizenship.   Then we get into border security. Senator Ernst talked about border  security. It is critically important to think about border security. It  is not the wall. The President has said he does not see in his vision a  wall going from the Pacific Ocean to the Gulf of Mexico. There are  certainly places where we need structures, but we also need so many  other things layered on top of it so we actually know who is coming to  this country, what is coming to this country, and if they should try to  cross the border illegally, we know where they are for no other reason  than for humanitarian reasons. Thousands of people have died crossing  the border--over the last 20 years, over 10,000 people and about 1,000  of them, young children.   By putting into place a wall structure where it makes sense, better  technology and resources at the border, we are going to know who is  coming into this country. We are going to know what drugs are coming  into this country. We are going to be able to do a much better job of  finding and protecting people who may be trafficked to this country for  the purposes of the sex trade--human trafficking.   It comes through a commonsense, 10-year implementation that was  developed by Homeland Security and Border Patrol. This wasn't something  that started in the White House; it is something that has taken a year  or two to get into place, which is a rational, multiphased,  multifaceted solution for border security.   Then what we have to take a look at is the reality of our broken  immigration system. We have millions of people waiting to come into  this country, some of them as long as 20 years. This proposal--the  proposal we will introduce this week and hopefully gain the support of  the Senate, that we know the President supports, and we believe the  House would support--draws down a queue that has been out there for  almost 20 years. So 3.9 million people who are in the process right now  have been petitioned for because of a family relationship with some  other U.S. citizen. We are proposing actually trying to figure out a  way to accelerate that, to have them move through the naturalization  process far sooner than they will if we fail to produce a solution this  week. Then, over time, we can find other possible opportunities for  immigration.   Today why don't we at least look at how we fix the broken immigration  system to make sure those who are in the system know we are not turning  our backs on them. Then, over time, we can get on to possibly--in my  case, I think, at some point, we could actually build a case for even  more legal immigration than we have today, but, for now, let's at least  make sure we have an immigration system people can rely on and can  actually become U.S. citizens.   The real sticking point--and I think what we are going to see this  week--is we are beginning to see more and more consensus on the three  pillars I just discussed: the DACA population, border security, and the  visa lottery being used in a way that rewards merit and also uses green  cards to bring more people into the country sooner rather than the two  decades they have been waiting.   The last thing we have to look at is chain migration--family  unification or reunification. We are out of step with most other  countries in terms of how we allow immigration into this country. I,  for one, think it is reasonable to continue to have a component to  allow families to be reunified--people who come over on work visas or  people who are coming through whichever immigration process they may  choose, but at the end of the day, to have such a small number of our  immigrant population--some 1 million every year--come in without regard  to merit is irresponsible. In fact, I think if we continue to do it, we  do it at the expense of maybe future immigration. We want more and more  skilled people--people who can come to this country and contribute  immediately, satisfy the needs of our society, and we can do that  through a reasonable, rational discussion about what our immigration  policy should look like over time.   I will leave my colleagues with this: In a country like Canada, 63  percent of their legal immigration has a skill requirement associated  with it. In a country like Australia, it is the same thing, but almost  three-quarters of all  [[Page S864]]  of our immigration has no tie whatsoever to the needs of this Nation-- our economy, our educational institutions, our communities.   All we are saying is, let's take a look at this and maybe change the  proportions so we can actually have a program that is modernized, that  is also focused on the needs we have for our great country.   This week, we are going to hear a lot of things. I told a group today  at lunch to be ready for me to vote against something they would expect  me to vote for. I am going to do that. I fully expect to have some of  my Republican colleagues and some of my Democratic colleagues offer an  amendment that I don't have a problem with the underlying policy, but I  have a huge problem with producing a result in the Senate which has  virtually no chance of going to the President's desk and becoming law.  Then, we will ultimately get on the Secure and the Succeed Act. It is a  well-structured, four-pillar solution that has been very much  instructed by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, that I know  the President will support, and I believe the President could convince  our colleagues in the House to get it to his desk.   So, again, I thank my colleagues Senator Lankford and Senator  Grassley, Senator Perdue, Senator Cotton, all of those who have weighed  in--Senator Cornyn--to try and craft a solution that is responsive to  the President's framework, responsive to some of the concerns our  friends on the other side of the aisle have, and now it is time for us  to act.   Let's do something different. Let's produce a result. Let's not get  up here and talk about it and say: Well, I tried. Let's produce a  result. Let's provide certainty to these people waiting for us to act,  to those DACA recipients. Let's secure our border, and let's modernize  our broken immigration system. If we do that, we have done a great  thing.   Thank you.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Ernst). The Senator from Utah.   