 Mr. Speaker, I really have appreciated sitting on the  floor and listening to this dialogue because I think that there are  some lessons here about getting things right. My friend from Virginia,  my friend from Oregon have dealt with the ecological benefits of having  apex predators to be able to restore ecological balance.   I heard the notion of, ``Well, how would you feel if you were  reintroducing wolves in metropolitan areas?'' and I just thought for a  moment of listening in the past to people who are overrun with deer in  Virginia suburbs, in Maryland suburbs. It is not just messing up their  yards; it is killing people. We have several hundred people a year who  are killed in collisions with deer. There are problems with chronic  wasting disease that having an apex predator helps provide health  benefits where you have healthier herds.   I have watched the dynamic in Oregon, and it is complex because there  are people who are ranching interests, there are people who are  involved with hunting, and they want to short-circuit it, even in a  State as ecologically and animal friendly as Oregon. It is a struggle.   To take a step back, weakening the endangered species protections,  substituting political judgments, I think, is inappropriate.   I would also note no small amount of irony that, in addition to the  notion that we should be here reauthorizing the Land and Water and  Conservation Fund, if we want to deal with animals in the closing hours  of this session of Congress, why aren't we dealing with a half dozen  bills that Republicans have refused to allow us to vote on that are  overwhelmingly supported by the public and are supported by a majority  of our Members?   It is, I think, doubly ironic that we are concluding where we have  had Republican leadership forcing some of the worst animal welfare  records. We lost two Republican incumbents with 50 years of service in  Republican districts who had the worst animal records in Congress.   I fought really hard to have animal welfare be a bipartisan issue.  Taking issues like this, forcing people to make false choices that are  bad for animals, bad for the environment--frankly, they are bad  politics.   I hope that we go through this charade, it goes nowhere, but deal  with the underlying debate here about what we want in terms of  ecological balance, animal protection, and rule of law. We will be  better off if we do that; the species will be better off if we do that;  and I think the politics will be cleaner and more productive.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's courtesy in allowing me to  speak on this.   