 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 1 minute.   My amendment would streamline the permitting process for production  of minerals deemed critical and strategic for national security and  other infrastructure needs.   What does the word ``streamline'' mean? If you read the amendment, it  means 30 months. Now, I am a little embarrassed to tell you that  streamline is 30 months, but unless the parties agree to something  longer, it is 30 months.   When you say ``deemed critical,'' if you read the amendment, you will  see multiple pages basically paying respect to the NEPA process and  also setting forth due process and asking for a Federal representative  of the lead agency to coordinate Federal permitting actions so that we  proceed as expeditiously as possible when there is, in fact, a need  that affects the Armed Services of our country for supply chain and  things like that that are critical.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Gosar).    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, it is good to hear that my colleagues from the Golden  State think that the administration is doing a good job in this area in  some respects, and it is good to hear about concerns about the State of  Kentucky.   But let's talk about what is actually in the amendment.   So let's talk about what is not in the amendment first. First of all,  there is nothing in the amendment that says you must approve a request  to be considered a strategic critical mineral. So when we talk in the  context of, oh, gee, this could be sand and gravel, some Federal land  manager in the executive department, under the provisions in this  amendment, has to find that. By the way, there are multiple pages  saying how they go about that. So it is 30 months. Guess what? After  that 30 months, you don't get a yes.   So when we talk about how the sky is going to fall, let's keep in  mind that if you can't satisfy them on whatever it is that is critical,  then guess what? You may get a no, as should be done if it doesn't  satisfy that.   So to indicate in context that this is something that is going to  make everything critical omits the whole application process and omits  the consideration process that goes over 30 months.   Now, I just want to point out a couple other things, because, quite  frankly, although maybe the other side thinks that the crystal ball  that the administration has is an excellent one, I beg to differ. Since  we are talking about things that happened in specific States, let's  talk about the Loma Prieta earthquake that happened in northern  California a while back that, quite frankly, shut down freeways--major  arteries--in the bay area.   Now, I don't know if sand and gravel would have been appropriate and  critical for that, but guess what? To those people in the bay area who  wanted that transportation infrastructure open, they wanted it open as  soon as possible. So if we have to wait for 30 months to haul loads of  sand and gravel and make concrete to get the 580 or the 680, or  whatever it was, in the East Bay open, then perhaps there was an  argument for that. I don't know, unless something like that happens  again.   But for those minerals that are critical to our healthcare industry,  our defense industry, and all of those sorts of things, they ought to  have the opportunity to apply and see if they get told yes or no in 30  months.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   