 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Hensarling for his work  on this and some of the other things. When you look at the number of  bipartisan bills that have passed out of the Financial Services  Committee this session, it is really impressive, and I am grateful for  his work.   I also want to thank Dennis Ross and John Delaney and all my  colleagues who have worked so diligently on H.R. 4061, the Financial  Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act of 2017, which I strongly  support.   I think it is fair to say that a Financial Stability Oversight  Council chaired by Secretary Mnuchin is not extremely likely to subject  nonbanks to enhanced prudential supervision.   In fact, I understand they are considering removing some  designations.   However, Congress still should take the appropriate steps to make the  law that provides this authority to the Treasury much more practical.   Furthermore, I would like to point out that although I was happy to  see many great provisions of the regulatory relief package put together  by Chairman Crapo over in the Senate, including a number of bills I  have offered with my colleagues in the House, I was extremely  disappointed with the fact that the legislation didn't include this  legislation or something similar to it.   I don't understand how Congress can justify a regulatory reform  package that does so little to ease Dodd-Frank's cost on investors,  especially when the Financial Services Committee in the House has taken  demonstrated steps, a strong record of bipartisan success, in making  reforms to FSOC's nonbank SIFI designation authority.   The Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act amends the  Dodd-Frank Act to require the FSOC, when determining whether to subject  a U.S. or foreign nonbank financial company to supervision by the Fed,  to consider the appropriateness of imposing heightened prudential  standards.   In other words, it provides these nonbanks the opportunities to  adjust their business models before being subjected to supervision by  the Federal Reserve, thereby acknowledging that these companies might  wish to change their business model after such a designation in order  to be free of these substantial regulatory costs.   It is important that we have well-defined processes in place so these  nonbanks understand the rules of the road. The government provides  these companies some reasonable due process when proposing to  dramatically interrupt their business with a slew of new regulatory  requirements.   Finally, let's remember that investors bear the costs of  inappropriate regulation being applied to nonbanks, like mutual funds.   The asset management industry is modeled in a fundamentally different  way, and our regulatory system should reflect that. Investors take on  the risk and manage those risks in order to receive returns to pay for  things like retirement or education for their children. Safety and  soundness regulation, as the Fed applies it to the banks, is completely  inappropriate.   At a minimum, we should be providing nonbanks like mutual funds a  chance to work with the FSOC to address their concerns before slapping  investors with new regulatory costs.   Finally, we should never forget, again, that this was a strong  bipartisan bill that received 45 votes in committee, and we ought to  all consider supporting it here on the floor. I am going to, and I  encourage my colleagues to support it as well.   