 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Pallone for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to support the Empowering Pharmacists in  the Fight Against Opioid Abuse Act.   In 2016, over 53,000 people died of a drug overdose involving an  opioid. These are more deaths in one year than the total number of  Americans who died in the entire Vietnam war.   According to the CDC, on average, 115 people die every day in America  from an opioid overdose. The United States is facing a clear opioid  epidemic. We have a little over 4 percent of the world's population,  but we consume over 80 percent of the opioids in the world.   There is no simple solution to this growing problem, but the  Empowering Pharmacists in the Fight Against Opioid Abuse Act is a step  towards addressing it.   This bipartisan bill will require the Department of Health and Human  Services and the DEA to develop materials to increase the amount of  education done to ensure that pharmacists, physicians, and the public  understand that pharmacists have both a right and a responsibility to  deny possibly fraudulent prescriptions.   Pharmacists are often the last line of defense in the fight against  drug abuse. Pharmacists are currently allowed to exercise sound  professional judgment when deciding whether a prescription is  legitimate and should be filled. This bill would make sure that  everyone in the prescribing chain, from doctors to pharmacists to  patients, know what a pharmacist can and should do.   By empowering pharmacists to the fullest extent, we can help reduce  the number of opioids on the streets, slow the flow of fraudulent  prescriptions, and help fight back against one of the causes of this  epidemic.   Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. Carter, from Georgia for his  support and expertise as the only pharmacist serving in Congress, in  making this bill a reality.   Additionally, I thank the National Community Pharmacists Association  for their support, insight and help throughout the process of drafting  this bill.   I also thank Chairman Walden and Ranking Member Pallone for their  support of this legislation.   