 Mr. President, I want to thank a very dedicated group of  folks--the Federal employees working for us, the American people. As  Federal employees gather this week, I want to remind the country about  the vital work being done each and every day by these hard-working  public servants.   It is no secret that organized labor is under attack. The bargaining  rights, the hard-earned benefits, the safe working conditions, and the  fair pay of American workers are under attack from folks right here in  Washington, DC, and in State capitols around the country. We aren't  ones to run away from a fight. That is why, when the administration  proposed to freeze hiring across Federal agencies, I and others pushed  back. I knew that across-the-board freezes would hurt their ability to  serve the American people and do the job within government that the  American people expected. Then, when bad National Labor Relations Board  nominees came before the Senate, I voted no. I have been proud to stand  with our Federal workforce--our hard-working Federal workforce--as we  fight to protect those government employees.   As ranking member of the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs, I  have been working with them to address chronic workforce shortages that  are plaguing veterans' clinics across the United States. While building  capacity within the VA to ensure we uphold our commitment to those who  serve, we need to staff those very facilities.   I have also been honored to work with our friends in labor to address  disparities in Federal benefits and pay. Congress must make sure that  whether you are a Border Patrol agent or a TSA worker, you get the same  workforce protections as other members in our Federal forces.   I am committed to defending our workers, holding Washington  accountable, and fighting for a stronger Federal workforce each and  every day because that is what the American people expect.   With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   