 Mr. President, today I rise, as I like to do at the end  of the week, to talk about somebody in my State who has made a real big  difference to Alaska and, in many ways,  [[Page S2309]]  to the country. It is a good opportunity for me to come down on the  floor and brag a little bit about Alaska, although my State does a  really good job of selling itself anyway. It is what we refer to in my  office as the Alaskan of the Week.   It is a great opportunity to talk about not just the wonderful things  we have in Alaska--the wonderful mountains, oceans, and how beautiful  the State is. Right now, the Sun is out again and shining high. The  snow is melting. The buds are coming out and birds are coming back. It  is a good opportunity for me to talk not just about the natural wonders  but the people who make Alaska such a great place.   While it doesn't get as much attention as it deserves, there is an  incredibly fascinating and sometimes tragic history of my State. It is  a good opportunity for me to talk to my colleagues about that and the  people who have worked hard and have been part of that history and have  helped to heal some of the scars that have been left from that history.   Along with talking about the beauty of Alaska every week, we talk  about someone who has made a difference. This week, I would like to  recognize Dimitri Philemonof and all the work he has done over the  decades for his community, for his State, and really for his country.   Dimitri was born in 1944 to Erena and Isaac Philemonof on the  breathtaking, beautiful St. George Island, one of the two principal  islands of the Pribilof Islands in Alaska. Surrounded by the Bering  Sea, the Pribilofs are about 750 miles from Anchorage and about 500  miles from the Siberian Coast. The Pribilofs are really one of the  Wonders of the World, particularly with the nature that is there-- Steller sea lions, walruses, sea otters, and tens of thousands of fur  seals. Depending on the season, more than 2.5 million seabirds call the  Pribilof Islands their home. The ``Galapagos of the North,'' it is  sometimes called because of this teeming wildlife.   You will also find in the Pribilofs the warmest, most resilient  people anywhere in the world. The Pribilofs, as well as the entire  Aleutian Island chain, has a storied and, to be honest, sometimes  painful history in our country--a history that has shaped Dimitri's  life.   First, when Alaska was a colonial possession of Russia, Russian fur  seekers decimated the Aleut Native populations on these islands through  warfare, disease, and, yes, even slavery. Then, 75 years after the  United States purchased Alaska during World War II, Japan invaded and  occupied Kiska and Attu, the westernmost islands of Alaska's Aleutian  Island chain. A lot of Americans don't know that American territory was  invaded and occupied by the Japanese during World War II. It was the  first time since the War of 1812 that American soil had been occupied  by an enemy. The Japanese dug in and held these two islands in Alaska  until mid-1943, when American forces recaptured Kiska and Attu in a  brutal campaign in the cold of Alaska.   That campaign to retake Kiska and Attu resulted in the deaths of  about 1,500 American servicemen. More than 600 were missing, and almost  3,500 were wounded in action. It was a major battle of World War II.  Less well known is the impact this conflict had on the Aleut peoples of  Alaska. As a result of the invasion, nearly 900 Aleut civilian  residents of the Pribilof Islands and the Aleutian Islands in Alaska  were relocated to temporary internment camps in Southeast Alaska. Among  those interned were Dimitri's parents, two of his brothers, and a  sister who was born in the camp. Dimitri himself jokes and laughs that,  in his words, he was actually ``conceived'' in the camp.   The treatment of our American citizens--and these are great American  citizens. They are patriotic. They serve in the military at higher  rates than any other ethnic group in the country. The treatment of  these American citizens in these camps is a dark spot in American  history that not many Americans are aware of. Camps were basically  abandoned buildings. The conditions were awful--crowded, unheated, and  unsanitary. Some even died in the camps as a result of these horrendous  conditions. These were our citizens in our country.   Yet, like so many Alaskan Natives who were not treated well by our  government during this time, Dimitri, nevertheless, signed up when he  was of age to serve his country in the military. In the 1960s, he  joined the Army and served in the Pathfinder Detachment at Fort Rucker  in Alabama. He was an Airborne soldier.   Eventually, Dimitri made his way back to Alaska. He met his wife  Victoria and started a family. He is the proud father of five, and he  began to work at the Aleutian Pribilof Islands Association. He is now  the President and CEO of the Association.   The association has had numerous accomplishments under his  leadership. Since 1985, it has greatly expanded its programs for the  people of the Pribilofs and the Aleutians, and its budget has grown  from about $2.5 million to more than $18 million to fund these  important service programs under his leadership.   For years, he did something that was so important that this body was  involved here in the Senate. He worked closely with Alaska's  congressional delegation at the time--Senator Ted Stevens, Senator  Frank Murkowski, and Congressman Don Young--to work on educating the  Congress and the Senate about this difficult history during World War  II and to help pass legislation entitled the ``Aleutian and Pribilof  Islands Restitution Act,'' which compensated surviving Aleut victims of  the internment camps. Again, American citizens were sent by their  government during the war to internment camps in Alaska. Not many  people know that history.   Dimitri not only knew it, he lived it. His family lived it, but what  he did was so powerful. He helped heal it. He helped heal it right here  on the floor of the Senate.   He then helped pass the Aleutian and Pribilof Islands Restitution  Trust to oversee money allocated to rebuild some of the buildings and  houses in this part of Alaska that were destroyed during the war--in  the fierce battles that raged in my State during World War II that not  many Americans are aware of.   That is a great life and service. Dimitri is also an artist helping  to preserve Alaska Native culture through his beautiful drawings-- particularly of Russian Orthodox Churches in the region--churches he  has worked tirelessly to maintain throughout Alaska. These are  beautiful churches. He also does an incredible Elvis Presley  impersonation.   He is a man of faith, of perseverance, and kindness. As I have  mentioned here, and tried to highlight just a little bit of his life,  he has devoted his whole life to his people, to my State, and to this  great Nation. In May, he will be recognized by his colleagues for 40  years of humanitarian service and for helping heal the wounds of this  country that came about during World War II. We thank him for all he  has done in his beloved Pribilofs, in Alaska, in America, and on the  floor of the Senate.   Dimitri, I want to thank you, once again, and congratulate you on  being our Alaskan of the Week.    The Washington Post has not necessarily been a strong  supporter of the Trump administration, but right here in their  editorial, they are saying that the Senate needs to confirm Mike  Pompeo.   They make the point that I am trying to make here in my remarks,  which is that rejecting or delaying Pompeo's nomination as Mr. Trump  juggles multiple crises around the world without adequate counsel would  probably make an already parlous situation worse.   ``Mike Pompeo should be deployed to Foggy Bottom''--that is the State  Department--``in the hope that he will fulfill his promise to revive  and reassert U.S. diplomacy.'' That is from the Washington Post  article, and I think it is wise counsel for everybody here-- Republicans, Democrats, all of us.   Bipartisanship is important to move things along in the Senate,  whether it is the Coast Guard bill or well-qualified nominees in the  national security world, and it has certainly been a U.S. tradition  with regard to the Secretary of State that not only goes back decades  but centuries.   I am hoping that my colleagues sit down and talk to Mike Pompeo if  they have issues with him, and raise them, but let's get to the floor,  and let's confirm him as the Secretary of State because the State  Department needs a well-qualified individual to run that important  agency, and so does our country.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   