 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in very strong support of H.R.  7279, the Water Infrastructure Improvement Act.   I want to thank Congressman Gibbs as well as Congressman Latta, who  just spoke previously, Congresswoman Fudge, and a number of others with  whom we have been working, literally for years now, to move forward  integrated planning and provide more flexibility for local communities  to meet clean water standards.   The legislation that we are working on and that we have been involved  in here, I think, is critical for communities like mine--Cincinnati,  Hamilton County--and communities all over the country.   I want to say a special thanks to Hamilton County Commissioner Todd  Portune, who is a Democrat, and County Commissioner Chris Monzel, who  is a Republican, in my district. We have been working in a bipartisan  manner on this for quite some time now. Commissioner Portune brought  this to my attention a number of years ago as Hamilton County dealt  with the EPA consent decree that they had entered into many years ago  that has literally crippled the sewer system and has caused dramatic  price increases for the ratepayers, hundreds of thousands of whom are  my constituents.   Commissioner Portune helped to craft the early versions of this  legislation, and he and Commissioner Monzel have continued to fight to  push this legislation across the finish line.   Oftentimes, when I see Todd Portune back in my area, he will bring  this up to me and encourage me. We have been in this together for a  long time now, and Commissioner Monzel as well. I, again, especially  want to thank Congressman Gibbs for pushing this for many years now. I  am so glad that we are actually finally getting there.   The legislation that we are considering today will authorize the EPA  to work with local communities on integrated clean water plans that  incorporate flexibility and innovative approaches. It will also allow  integrated plans to be used to modify administrative orders or consent  decrees, and it will allow compliance schedules that are longer than  the current permit periods, if the jurisdiction meets its State water  quality standards.   That is the important thing. We want more flexibility to give local  communities the ability to deal with their problems in a way that makes  sense in that community. The problems that New York City has are very  different from what a rural Mississippi district or my district,  Cincinnati, would have. They are all a bit different.   What we are saying is that you still have to meet those high  standards that the EPA sets for clean water. We want our people to  drink clean water, but we should give those different communities more  flexibility so that they can do what makes sense in their particular  community and then save the ratepayers their hard-earned tax dollars.   That is what this is all about, maintaining the high standards that  we have, but doing it in a way that allows for more flexibility; the  local communities can act according to what is in their best interest.   Together, these commonsense proposals represent a critical first step  in addressing this issue as we continue to work on further financial  capability guidance so that communities can meet clean water standards  in a fiscally responsible manner.   I, again, want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for their  leadership on this and for moving this bill  [[Page H10291]]  forward. I thank all of the Members who have played a part in this  process. It has been a long time coming. A lot of people have worked  very hard on this, and I just want to thank all of those who have done  this in a bipartisan manner. I would love to see this House work this  way even more. We will see.   