 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of the  bill (H.R. 7120) to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to  extend through 2023 the authority of the Federal Election Commission to  impose civil money penalties on the basis of a schedule of penalties  established and published by the Commission, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States House of  Representatives and the Board of Trustees for the John C. Stennis  Center for Public Service Leadership, it is with great gratitude that  we honor Rex Buffington for his many years of distinguished public  service.   Rex Buffington was appointed executive director of the John C.  Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership when the center was  established in 1988 to promote and strengthen public service leadership  in America.   As executive director of the Stennis Center, Rex has been responsible  for development and delivery of programs aimed at attracting young  leaders to public service and providing current public service leaders  with opportunities to further develop their leadership skills and  capabilities. Participants in Stennis Center programs range from  students in high school to Members of Congress.    Prior to his work at the Stennis Center, Rex served as press  secretary to Senator John C. Stennis of Mississippi for 12 years. As  the Senator's chief spokesperson, speechwriter, and communications  director, Rex coordinated activities and strategies aimed at achieving  the Senator's mission and legislative agenda.   I am so honored to serve as chairman of the board of trustees for the  John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership. I have seen what  Rex has done firsthand, and it has been a privilege to work directly  with him.   Rex is an encourager of every person that he comes in contact with.  He knows better than anyone the legacy of Senator John Stennis who  served Mississippi and our Nation with great distinction for over 41  years as a U.S. Senator, ultimately becoming President pro tempore.   President Reagan once called the Mississippi Senator ``an unwavering  advocate of peace through strength.''   Senator Stennis had a passion for fostering leadership and promoting  public service, two objectives that Rex has carried forward during his  time serving as executive director.   The USS John C. Stennis aircraft carrier, the only one not named  after a President, has the two-word motto adopted by Senator Stennis  that he had: Look Ahead.   Senator Stennis would be proud of the work that Rex Buffington and  the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership continue to  do, and he would be proud of the great work that Rex has done.   We are all very proud of the great work that he has done over these  years of distinguished service to Mississippi and to our Nation. We  congratulate him on a job well done, and we wish him the best as he  looks ahead.   