 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent at this point to  speak for up to 5 minutes and to let my colleague from the Pacific  Northwest, Senator Cantwell, follow me immediately thereafter.    Thank you, Mr. President.   Colleagues, this is the only resolution that provides a golden ticket  to maintaining a free and open internet.   By way of a free and open internet--and I know a lot of folks are  following this debate. I see folks in the Gallery. What a free and open  internet is all about is, after you pay your internet access fee, you  get to go where you want, when you want, and how you want. Everybody  gets treated the same. A local florist selling roses out of their shop  in Condon, OR, a kid in Roseburg who wants to learn about artificial  intelligence, a mom in Pendleton who wants to find out about  childcare--all of them get treated the same, and they get treated just  like the big guys, the people with the deep pockets.   Now the head of the Federal Communications Commission, a gentleman  named Mr. Pai, wants something very different. In effect, he wants to  turn that on its head and start cutting deals for the people with the  deep pockets. He would kind of like to have something called paid  prioritization, which basically means that if you are one of the  fortunate few, you can get faster speeds, more content, and you can get  access to the kind of technological treasure trove that I have seen my  colleague from the Pacific Northwest, Senator Cantwell, talk about. He  has all kinds of schemes to essentially suggest that he really is  helping the consumer when he is really working for the folks at the  top.   One of my favorites, colleagues--and my friend from Massachusetts and  I have discussed this--is that the head of the FCC from time to time  discusses the idea that we would have voluntary net neutrality. It is  hard to keep a straight face with this one, the idea that the big cable  companies, the big communications monopolies, are going to do this  voluntarily. I think that is about as likely as getting my 10-year-old  son, William Peter Wyden, to limit the number of desserts he eats. It  just isn't going to happen. It is not going to happen. I see some  parents on the floor who can identify with that. So what we have to do  is pass the Markey resolution and ensure that there is a real position  at the Federal Communications Commission that has some teeth.   The fact is, since he came to town, since he came to this position,  Mr. Pai has basically tried to water down this whole effort on net  neutrality again and again--we don't need title II protection; we don't  need any of the basics that have been part of this effort that we have  made for well over a decade to ensure that net neutrality has real  teeth.   My friend and colleague mentioned that he introduced the first one in  the House. I introduced the first one in the Senate. The point is, we  have been working on this for well over a decade in both Chambers.   One of the reasons we sought to take this action now is that not only  is Mr. Pai moving ahead to offer this ominous, dangerous definition of  ``net neutrality,'' but we believe there is going to be a grassroots  juggernaut all across the country saying that now is the time to be in  touch with your Members of Congress to let them know how strongly you  feel about this.   I just attended nine townhall meetings in Oregon. Most of them were  in rural areas. Net neutrality for rural communities, folks, is a  prerequisite to making sure you are not a sacrifice zone. Without good  communications, how do you maintain, for example, rural healthcare?   I am very pleased to be out here with my friends--Senator Cantwell,  who knows so much about this issue; a former Governor, Senator Hassan,  who is very knowledgeable on these issues. Those of us from small  States, like Senator Hassan and me, know that this is really a  lifeline. This is how you get access to the big financial markets. This  is how you get access to the communication centers. This is how a kid  in a small town in New Hampshire or a small town in Oregon gets a fair  shake and has fair opportunity to get ahead,  [[Page S2584]]  just like a kid who lives in Beverly Hills.   We are going to be back on this floor frequently between now and next  week when we will seek to advance the Markey resolution. I will close  the way I began, colleagues. There is no path to a free and open  internet without the Markey resolution. This is the golden ticket, this  is the only ticket, and I hope folks all across the country will see  how important this is and weigh in with their Senators in the days  ahead.   Mr. President, thanks to my colleague for her courtesy.   I yield the floor.   