 Mr. Speaker, this week is National Police Week, which  encompasses many events and brings thousands of survivors, supporters,  and law enforcement officers to our Nation's Capital. Today is Peace  Officers Memorial Day.   Mr. Speaker, I am not naive to the fact that my words today don't  hold a candle to the witness or the words we can no longer hear of the  valiant men and women who sacrificed it all for our communities.  However, we must honor them not simply for them, but for us, for our  very society's structure is built on a foundation of rule of law. We  must continue to strengthen it and inspire our descendants for  generations to come to rise up and serve in uniform. There is nothing  small about the big task it takes to keep the peace, protect the  people, and uphold that thin blue line.   Mr. Speaker, today I also rise in support of H. Res. 285, to express  the deep desire of this Congress to mend any rift, to build any bridge,  and to teach any lesson between law enforcement and the communities  that they serve.   Whether Black, Brown, White, gay, straight, rich, or poor, our  country's courageous law enforcement officers are a rare breed of man  or woman who run to the sound of danger. They are part of the very  fabric of this Nation. Indeed, without their and their family's  sacrifices, our society would most certainly be torn apart with the  darkest of our human impulses.   Their higher purpose and profession has been invaded by politics.  Sure, there are bad apples who must be weeded out with accountability  for an imperfect system. During this Police Week, let us come together,  like we do in unity of our prayer and of our pledge to this great  Nation.   H. Res. 285 encourages us to do better as a society. Law enforcement  officers could always work harder on putting themselves in the shoes of  skeptical people in the community to understand why there is fear, why  some see the law as opposition rather than the same team, and why they  may see, in their lives, that upholding the law is a curse rather than  a blessing. And, my fellow Americans, we must do better.   We in the neighborhoods have to try to look through the eyes of law  enforcement men and women who seek to protect us, help them understand  where we are coming from, educate ourselves on the law, and show more  respect for it. We must create more bonds, build more trust, and teach  more communication, not blow up the very relationships that matter for  ourselves, for our safety, and for our security.   H. Res. 285 states that the U.S. Government should place more weight  between the creation of police and community alliances that are  designed to enhance and improve the causes of communication and  collaboration between the members of both groups.   Mr. Speaker, I know there is much concern and divide in our country  right now on this topic, but we can choose to move in that dangerous  direction as a nation divided into our respective camps. We can follow  in the footsteps of other parts of the world and some of our own  episodes in the past, with both sides contributing to people fearing  for their safety and causing unnecessary injuries or even death, or we  can realize that we are all on the same side and have civil  conversations and express our concerns and questions without the stain  of ugliness that has been far too common.   Never should one feel scared of those in uniform because of the color  of their skin, the style of their clothes, or what side of town they  come from, and never should one of the 99.9 percent of law enforcement  officers in good standing be subjected to disrespect, noncooperation,  or unnecessary fear for their own lives. Let us start and always  believe that all of us support the rule of law and that each of us  truly cares about our causes, our community, and our country.   H. Res. 285 acknowledges the great work that law enforcement officers  do to keep their communities safe, and it pushes for an increase of  dialogue surrounding legitimate concerns within the community and, in  turn, our country.   Mr. Speaker, we have faced difficult times in our past and there will  be difficult times in our future, but I believe in the resiliency of  this Nation. I believe our checks and balances realign over time and  are lasting. Most of all, I believe in our people, that, ultimately,  the push and pull of freedom under the rule of law and debate and  democracy are what strengthens us, our culture, and our society.   Let us choose to engage as one team. Let us always be calm, for calm  is contagious. It will help us better serve each other and understand  each other. In doing so, we shall rise together as one nation under  God.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan  resolution, H. Res. 285.   