 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding the  time.   Mr. Chairman, synthetic opioids are a dangerous new frontline in our  efforts to end the opioid epidemic ravaging our communities.   A recent analysis found that synthetic opioids, particularly illicit  fentanyl, caused more overdose deaths in the United States in 2016 than  prescription opioids. Synthetics are many times more potent and fatal  than heroin, sometimes requiring two, four, six, or even more doses of  antidotes like Naloxone to revive an overdose victim.   The Federal Controlled Substances Act was signed into law more than  40 years ago, and it is not equipped to handle this dangerous new  development. Put simply, illegal manufacturers, especially those  operating overseas, are creating deadly new synthetic opioid analogues  faster than our laws or research can keep up.   That is why I rise today in support of the Stop the Importation and  Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act of 2017 to equip our law  enforcement officials with the tools they need to keep our communities  safe.   This bill creates a schedule A in addition to the five existing  schedules in the Controlled Substances Act. This is a mechanism to  temporarily schedule and set regulations around new synthetic drugs  while our scientific and research communities develop a better  understanding of the associated risks. This bill also adds 13 existing  synthetic fentanyls to this new schedule.   Importantly, this crackdown is targeted at the manufacturers,  importers, and distributors of these deadly substances, not the  individual users. Simple possession is expressly omitted from the scope  of this bill. Individuals suffering from addiction need medical help,  not prison time. To start to turn  [[Page H5209]]  the tide on the opioid epidemic, we must address synthetic opioids.    Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me and my fellow members  of the bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus in support of this needed  legislation.   