 Mr. President, today hundreds of thousands of Americans from  all walks of life will participate in the 45th annual March for Life.  This begs the question, Why do all these citizens march year after  year? It certainly isn't for their health or for the media coverage.  No, these Americans march on behalf of those who cannot. They march for  uniquely vulnerable members of the human family. They march for the  unborn, for those threatened by abortion, and for the countless  millions of innocent lives already lost. These Americans march to  protest the legal regime that sustains abortion.   The cornerstone of that crumbling edifice is Roe v. Wade, the 1973  Supreme Court case that invented a right to abortion in the  Constitution, and in so doing, it stripped the unborn of their right to  life. The principal effect of Roe v. Wade on our culture has been to  cheapen the value of humanity itself. Roe has insinuated into the law a  poisonous notion, the notion that some human beings may be treated as  things, as objects to be discarded when they are inconvenient. We have  seen this before in human history, but an unintended effect of Roe has  been to kick-start a movement that has lasted four and one-half  decades. Roe did not resolve the abortion debate, although it tried to.  Rather, it intensified that very debate.   The Nation's conscience was not deadened by Roe's euphemisms and  evasions. Rather, it was brought to life. Like a firebell in the night,  Roe awakened a generation of Americans to the injustice of abortion.  Countless thousands of them are marching in Washington, DC, in Salt  Lake City, and in cities all across the country today, but the  institution of abortion still has its stalwart defenders--vociferous  defenders even.   One may ask, Why does this issue arouse such anger and such passion,  as it so often does? I argue that it is because the pro-life and pro- abortion movements offer competing and mutually inconsistent visions,  moral visions for our society; indeed, competing arguments about human  dignity and even about what it means to be human in the first place.  Both moral visions are, in one sense, as old as the Nation. They have  appeared in various guises throughout American history.   There is a consistent trend in how the clash of visions has played  out in every era. The vision advanced by the pro-life movement has  inspired righteous protests. The other vision has been used to  rationalize hideous injustices. The pro-life vision embraces our  country's noblest truth. The pro-abortion vision twists it.   Let me explain what I mean. Our Declaration of Independence contains  some of the most succinct, profound, and revolutionary statements in  human history. ``We hold these Truths to be self-evident, that all Men  are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain  unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit  of Happiness.''   We know the United States has not always acted on this high  principle. It has not always behaved in a manner consistent with it. We  have, at times, denied life, liberty, and opportunity to our fellow  beings in countless cruel and unfortunate ways, but even in the darkest  times, patriots and reformers have looked to this passage as a guiding  light because it is, in many respects, the conscience of our Nation.   Abraham Lincoln referred to the Declaration of Independence  constantly in his speeches, calling it the ``sheet anchor of American  republicanism'' and the ``Father of all moral principle.'' He called  the Declaration of Independence a statement on human equality, the  ``electric cord'' that links Patriotic Americans through the ages. Now  that electric cord has reached us. It is a direct line that runs from  the founding generation to the very heart of the pro-life movement  today. The core conviction of the pro-life movement is that ``all men  are created equal'' and that all have a right to life. We believe that  every human being has dignity and merits protection simply by virtue of  being human.   You will often hear pro-lifers emphasize the human features of unborn  children, as well we should. We point out that the human heart begins  to beat as early as 16 days after conception. We point out that the  unborn child can yawn, react to pain, and even suck her thumb. We point  out that the thumb even has a unique one-of-a-kind fingerprint.   We don't mention these characteristics because they are what give  children their worth. It is not our fingerprints or even our beating  hearts or our ability to yawn that make us human, that make us people.  Rather, we point to these characteristics because they in turn point to  something far more fundamental. They point to the inescapable fact that  the unborn child is a human being, just like us. It is that endowment,  it is that shared humanity that gives us all moral worth.   To summarize the pro-life position, we have only to repeat those five  words in the Declaration of Independence: ``All men are created  equal.'' All, therefore, are entitled to life, but to be sure, not  everyone shares all men are created equal. At various times, this very  belief that is so much at the core of who we are and what we believe as  Americans has been called an ``erro[r] of the past generation.'' It has  even been called a ``self-evident lie!''   Few today would denounce the Declaration of Independence in such  terms, but defenders of abortion still repudiate the declaration by  their very actions and by the arguments they advance to protect  abortion. Defenders of abortion no longer dispute that unborn children  are living human beings. How could they? Science testifies  unequivocally to our shared humanity. Most sophisticated defenders of  abortion do not even dispute that abortion is a violent act.   If you don't believe me on this point, perhaps you will believe  Ronald Dworkin, a prominent apologist for the pro-choice position:  ``Abortion,'' Dworkin writes, ``[is] deliberately killing a developing  human embryo.'' He goes on to describe abortion as a ``choic[e] for  death.''   If abortion defenders do not deny the humanity of the fetus, and if  they do not deny that abortion kills the fetus, how then do they defend  abortion? In short, they do it by segregating the human family into two  classes: human beings who are worthy of life--sometimes called human  persons--and human beings who are unworthy of life, human nonpersons.   According to this view, human beings do not deserve protection on the  basis of their humanity alone. Rather, they acquire the right to life  when they attain certain characteristics--usually some level of  cognitive ability or bodily development. Since the unborn lack these  magical personhood qualities, they lack the right to life and may be  dismembered in the womb. They are human nonpersons or so the argument  goes.  [[Page S323]]    There are many problems with this chilling view. It has been rebutted  at length by smarter men and women than I. For the purposes of today,  it is enough to point out the track record of this argument is  dubious. It just so happens that every time mankind has been  artificially divided into classes, into persons and nonpersons--based  on their race, sex, genetic fitness, or any other attribute--the result  has been calamity, which leads to a very simple question that has never  been satisfactorily answered by abortion defenders: Why should we  believe that this time is any different?    Abortion is a very difficult subject matter for so many reasons, but  on another level, it is really quite simple. Our society has to choose  between the two visions of human dignity described above.   Put simply, do we believe that all men are created equal or that  some, perhaps, are somehow more equal than others?   This simple question deserves a simple response. We must choose the  first of these options and affirm that all human beings are created  with dignity, and we must reject all attempts to separate the human  family into higher and lower classes. Let us see these attempts for  what they are--cruel fictions that cheapen life itself.   Just as there is no such thing as life unworthy of life, there is no  such thing as a human nonperson. There are just people, and we are each  fearfully and wonderfully made.   Yes, dignity was ours before we stirred in the womb. It is stamped  onto the very fabric of our genome. It is printed onto our souls. This  is the truth so brilliantly proclaimed in our Nation's founding  documents, even as it is denied by our legal system, starting with Roe  v. Wade. Yet, even though the laws of man are against us for now, the  truth is with us, and the truth can erode even the most formidable  edifice of lies.   So, on this 45th anniversary of Roe v. Wade, let's respond to Roe as  Frederick Douglass responded to a similar indignity in Dred Scott v.  Sandford: ``Happily for the whole human family,'' Douglass thundered,  ``their rights have been defined, declared, and decided in a court  higher than the Supreme Court.''   Those words are as true today as they were when they were spoken.  They call on us to continue the winding march for justice and for life  until the unalienable rights of every human being are respected in our  land.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The distinguished Senator from Vermont.   