 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Mr. Peterson, for  yielding the time, and I thank him for his work, along with Chairman  Conaway. And I thank the committee staffs on both sides who have worked  so hard and diligently over the last year.   Mr. Speaker, as a member of the farm conference committee, I am proud  to support this bipartisan farm bill.   As a third generation farmer, I have the honor and the privilege of  representing one of the largest and most diverse agricultural regions  in the country and in the world. California grows about half of our  Nation's fruits and vegetables, the largest ag State in the Nation. We  are number one in dairy producing, number one in citrus production,  grapes and wine products. We are also the largest producer of tree nuts  in the world. With over 300 crops, the list goes on and on and on.   We are truly blessed in California, so this agricultural legislation  is so important.   The dairy title, the changes made in it are very helpful. With  increased research funding, risk management tools like crop insurance,  and trade promotion programs, this bill is not only good for the San  Joaquin Valley that I represent in California, but the entire Nation.   So we must understand that the conservation programs are also an  improvement to help with groundwater sustainability and air quality,  which are critical in California. The forest management improvements  will make a difference in Western States like California, where we have  had horrific and devastating forest fires.   The vital SNAP benefits are maintained, and voluntary employment and  training programs that I fought for are strengthened. The 10 pilot  projects in the 10 States, I find, will provide better ways for us to  get people on their feet who are in need.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, I support this farm bill, and I urge my  colleagues to do the same. It is a good work product. It is good on  behalf of American agriculture and all of the interests that put, every  day, America's food on America's dinner table.   