 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the  House amendment to S. 2248, the Veterans Benefit and Transition Act.   I am proud of the work Chairman Roe and the rest of our committee did  to pass the multiple historic pieces of legislation over the course of  this Congress, including the Forever GI Bill and the VA MISSION Act.   Despite all the progress we have made, there is still more work to be  done. I look forward to working on these issues for our heroes.   This legislative package contains many commonsense, zero-cost bills  we passed in the House over the past year but have stalled in the  Senate. But I know there is an agreement in the Senate, and we are  going to get this done before the end of the year.   I am especially proud that this package contains a provision that  includes my bill, H.R. 4830, the SIT-REP Act, which will hold student  veterans harmless from bureaucratic red tape and delays at higher  education institutions and at the VA. This legislation prevents  educational institutions from imposing a fee on student veterans or  denying their access to education when tuition payments are delayed by  bureaucracy, no fault of the veteran.   In our subcommittee hearings on the implementation of the Forever GI  Bill, we heard many concerns about delays and processing of tuition  payments between schools and the VA. I also had roundtables in my  district and heard the same concerns, Mr. Speaker.   This fall semester, IT failures and delay at the VA led to an  artificially created backlog, adding a significant amount of stress to  our heroes who rely on their monthly stipends and tuition benefits. In  some cases, delays meant the schools putting a hold on a student's  account or forcing the student to begin payment of tuition and fees on  a payment plan until they receive the money from the VA.   It is unacceptable. We cannot allow this type of uncertainty for our  Nation's heroes, Mr. Speaker, and my SIT-REP bill protects these  veterans from additional penalties from schools. It is not the  veterans' fault, and they should not be punished for the actions of  others. It is as simple as that.   I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this commonsense,  bipartisan legislative package which contains many additional  provisions to help our veterans, such as a study on community-based  transition assistance programs, a report on the feasibility of  expanding access to dental care for veterans at the VA, and the  expansion of eligibility under the Homeless Veterans' Reintegration  Program.   I hope the Senate takes this up quickly, and I know they will. I want  them to pass the Veterans Benefit and Transition Act of 2018 so we can  send it to the President's desk before the year's end.   Mr. Speaker, the chairman did an outstanding job as chairman, and my  friend Ranking Member Walz did as well on behalf of our heroes.   I thank Mr. Takano and congratulate him on being the next chairman of  the committee. I look forward to working with him.   