 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my good friend from  Wyoming for yielding the time but, more importantly, for her leadership  in this effort to highlight the devastating impacts when we fail to  provide full, on-time, and robust funding to our military.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Res. 994, which  would recognize the significant readiness challenges facing the United  States Marine Corps, and warn that budgetary uncertainty is undermining  the ability of our Marines to do their vital work day  [[Page H6294]]  in and day out in defense of this Nation.   Since fiscal year 2010, the Active-Duty Marine Corps has shrunk by 8  percent. Thanks to the work of this House, that figure is finally  trending in the other direction, but there is still much more work to  be done, all of which requires stable, robust, and on-time funding.   Seven years after the Budget Control Act we are still digging out  from holes we dug ourselves. In hearing after hearing, we have heard  military leaders make clear that they will face increased risk due to  continuing resolutions and years of accumulated defense cuts.   It can be all too easy to wave off these warnings. After all, our  military and Marine Corps, in particular, has a ``can-do spirit'' that  is second to none. But increased risk isn't just an abstract notion. It  can have very real consequences. The more than 60 Marines who have  perished in marine aviation accidents since 2011 are a tragic reminder  of what increased risk looks like in practice.   The new national security and national defense strategies marked sea  changes in American security policy. With the new guidance that great  power competition, and not terrorism, is the primary challenge to  American national security policy. There is still much work to be done  to ensure that the Marine Corps, along with the rest of the military,  is best positioned to compete for the long-term.   From contested entry to dispersed operations from austere locations  to contingency response, the Marine Corps is facing great challenges  and opportunities. The obstacles are many as increasingly capable  adversaries are forcing the Marine Corps to reconsider long-held  assumptions about amphibious landings and its ability to operate close  to shore.   In the face of these challenges, the Corps will have to do what it  does best, innovate, and come up with new solutions to execute timeless  missions. Ultimately, however, I am optimistic; not just because I was  privileged to serve 7 years in the Marine Corps, and I know the quality  of the men and women who continue to serve, but because of many other  factors, including the simple geography of the Indo-Pacific, which is  tailor-made for the United States Marine Corps.   As former adversaries learned on the islands of Guadalcanal, New  Guinea, and Tarawa, the absolute last place on Earth you want to be is  between a Marine and his objective.   In the long run however, the only thing that can stop the Marine  Corps is this body's failure to do its job. If we fail to provide on- time, adequate, or predictable funding, we will undermine our Marine  Corps' ability to get the job done.   This resolution takes a small step to recognize these challenges and  commit to doing better. We owe our beloved Marine Corps nothing less.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I quite agree with the sentiment expressed by my  colleague, Mr. Smith, that we do need to look at the overall budget  picture. I think what has changed in that picture over time has been  the amount of the budget consumed by mandatory spending, which is a  very difficult problem. I concede that it is going to require men and  women of good faith on both sides of the aisle to come together and  have, if nothing else, an honest debate.   The argument was also made that we spend more on defense than a large  number of our competitors and our allies, combined, in many cases. I  hear that a lot. That is true. It is also not that helpful of a  statistic, as it ignores both the size of our economy, the relative  size of our economy, as well as the unique nature of our global  commitments.   A more useful matrix of perhaps what we are spending as a percentage  of GDP, we are still spending below the post-World War II average on  defense as a percentage of GDP. For example, during the 1950s, 8 years  of peace and prosperity, we were spending closer to 10 percent of our  GDP on defense.   So I just think we need to be careful when we throw around different  terms like this. And I welcome that debate. It is one we definitely  need to have.   I just would close by saying our Marines put their lives on the line  on a daily basis. When we go to war, we cannot guarantee that everyone  will come home safely, and the Marines know that. They gladly put their  lives on the line. They take the risk, and they ride to the sound of  the guns regardless.   But I do think that we need to look at what we have the power to  affect, and what we have the power to affect  [[Page H6295]]  here as Members of Congress, regardless, actually, of who is in the  White House, what we have the obligation to affect is to guarantee that  we will never send our servicemembers into an unfair fight, that we  will provide them with the training, the equipment, and the numbers  they need to run up the score on the enemy with decisive and  overwhelming force.   Mr. Speaker, that is what this resolution is about, and I urge my  colleagues to support its adoption.   