 Mr. President, Boy Scouts shouldn't get a merit badge  for telling the truth, and U.S. Senators shouldn't get an award for  passing appropriations bills. That is what we are expected to do. That  is what we are here for. That is our most basic responsibility. But I  think it is worth noticing, especially since the distinguished vice  chairman of the Appropriations Committee is still on the floor, that  this is the largest number of appropriations bills passed before August  since the year 2000. We have already done that with seven bills, and if  we are successful this week, as I expect we will be, in passing the  third package of appropriations bills, we will have passed in the  Senate annual appropriations bills that account for nearly 90 percent  of the discretionary Federal Government spending. That is the part of  the government spending that is not automatic--we call that the  mandatory spending. It is the part of the government spending that is  under control.   For the last 10 years, this basically 30 percent of the Federal  budget that we call discretionary spending that we appropriate every  year--that has been going up at about the rate of inflation, and over  the next 10 years, according to the Congressional Budget Office, it  will go up at just a little more than the rate of inflation. So this  money we are spending on behalf of our taxpayers, we are spending in a  budgeted, responsible way, and we are spending it on time--if we  continue the progress we are making--which makes it easier for our  military, our National Laboratories, and our agencies to plan and spend  money more wisely.   Nothing is more wasteful--almost nothing is more wasteful--than the  failure of the U.S. Congress to appropriate or decide the amount of  money that is to be spent every year before the year begins. Too often  over the last several years, it has been the middle of the year before  agency managers knew what they could spend that year, and that is a  wasteful practice. In a military sense, our leaders in the Department  of Defense tell us it is a dangerous practice in terms of what we can  count on for our national security.   I would like to pause for just a moment and reflect on what the  Appropriations Committee is doing, what the U.S. Senate is doing and  doing properly--not because we deserve an award or a merit badge for  doing our most basic responsibility but because it is worth noting when  we do it because it hasn't been done for so long.   The following are the seven appropriations bills that have already  passed the Senate. One is the Energy and Water Development legislation.  I am chairman of that committee and of the conference that is working  on that. I am working with Chairman Mike Simpson in the House, Senator  Feinstein, and Representative Kaptur. We are working together. We hope  to have that bill--which has already passed the Senate and has already  passed the House--we hope to come together and have a conference  immediately after Labor Day so we can complete the bill and send it to  the President for his signature. That is one of the appropriations  bills. Others are Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related  Agencies--we passed that one; the Legislative Branch--we passed that  one; and Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration,  and Related Agencies, and that passed.   In past years, Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies has been  very difficult to pass. There are some controversial issues there, but  Senator Shelby and Senator Leahy have led us, along with Senator  Schumer and Senator McConnell, to say: We are not going to try to solve  every controversial issue that we can think of on the appropriations  bills, because we have learned in the past that practice will sink  them. So we have tabled a few bills--a few amendments that have come  before us because they would have kept the appropriations bills from  proceeding. We can deal with those more controversial ideas and  amendments at another time.   Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies  has been passed. Financial Services and General Government has also  been passed.   So there are seven. That is the largest number of appropriations  bills the Senate has passed before August since the year 2000--18 years  ago. This week, we are debating the third package of appropriations  bills, which includes Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and  Related Agencies and the Defense appropriations bill. That means that  if we are successful in completing our work this week on those two, we  will have considered all nine of those appropriations bills under what  we call in the Senate the regular order. That means we have an  opportunity to offer other amendments when they come to the floor, we  debate them, we vote on those amendments, we pass the bills, and then  we go to conference with the House. In other words, not just the 31  members of the Appropriations Committee get to work on this; all  Members of the Senate get to have their say.   This week, we have already voted on some amendments, and we may get  to consider more. After we finish these two bills--as I said earlier,  hopefully tomorrow--the Senate will have passed the annual  appropriations bills that account for nearly 90 percent of the  discretionary Federal Government spending.   Senator Shelby, the chairman, and the vice chairman, Senator Leahy,  as well as the majority leader, Senator McConnell, and Senator Schumer,  all deserve credit and our thanks for creating the environment that  makes this possible. I appreciate their commitment. I want to  especially commend Senator Blunt, Senator Murray, Senator Shelby, and  Senator Durbin for their work on the bills that are before us this  week.   A few weeks ago, one of my friends in Nashville, one of the major  contributors to Vanderbilt University Medical Center, came up to me. He  said: It is a real shame that you guys in Congress aren't funding  biomedical research.   So I said to my friend: Well, let me tell you what has happened the  last 3 or 4 years, and see if you still believe that. The U.S. Senate  is on track for the fourth straight year to provide record funding for  biomedical research at the National Institutes of Health in a regular  appropriations bill.   This year's bill includes $39.1 billion for the National Institutes  of Health--a $2 billion increase over last year.   Over the last 3 years, Congress has increased NIH funding by about $7  billion. First, Congress increased National Institutes of Health  funding by $2 billion in 2015. Then, in 2016, we increased it another  $2 billion. Then, in 2017, Congress increased funding at the NIH by $3  billion, including $500 million to work on a non-addictive pain killer,  which, in my view, is the Holy Grail of the fight against the opioid  crisis--finding some form of painkiller that is not addictive for the  100 million Americans who hurt and the 25 million who have chronic  pain.   This year's increased funding for biomedical research will mean more  medical miracles--new treatments and cures. The reason Congress has  given this such a priority was very well described by Dr. Francis  Collins, the head of the National Institutes of Health. He calls it the  ``National Institutes of Hope.''   When he testified before our Appropriations Committee, he talked  about what we might expect to see during the next 10 years if we  properly fund the National Institutes of Health. Some of those  predictions by Dr. Collins were these: Being able to identify  Alzheimer's disease before symptoms appear; the possibility that we  could rebuild a patient's heart with the patient's own cells--in other  words, put  [[Page S5809]]  the transplant surgeons out of business; the creation of a safe and  effective artificial pancreas, making life easier and healthier for the  millions of Americans with diabetes; development of new vaccines, Dr.  Collins said, including for Zika, for HIV/AIDS, and a universal flu  vaccine; development of a new, non-addictive painkiller, which I  mentioned; significant progress on the Precision Medicine Initiative,  which President Obama championed, which aim to map the genomes of 1  million volunteers so that we can better tailor treatments to patients;  and new treatment for cancer patients. Those are just some of the new  treatments, cures, and miracles we might expect, Dr. Collins said, in  the next 10 years.   This bill we are talking about also provides $3.7 billion to help  those on the frontlines of the opioid crisis and help bring an end to  opioid abuse. Senator Murray and I, as well as about 60 Members of this  body, have put together a comprehensive opioids authorization bill,  which we hope to be able to present to the full Senate at the end of  next week, or shortly after Labor Day, that can be put together with  the House to address this crisis. But this is the money for the opioids  initiative; it is in this bill: $1.5 billion for State Opioid Response  Grants, state grants originally authorized by the 21st Century Cures  Act; $500 million to develop non-addictive painkillers; funding for  more substance abuse and mental health treatment services at Community  Health Centers.   The other funding bill included in this minibus appropriations bill  is the Defense Appropriations bill. The Senator from Illinois is on the  floor. He is the ranking Democrat on that committee. He has also been  one of the foremost leaders of the effort to increase the biomedical  research I just mentioned.   Chairman Shelby and Senator Durbin worked together to produce a bill  that provides a total of $675 billion to make sure our troops have the  resources they need to maintain our national defense. The funding  included in this bill will provide the largest pay increase since 2010  for the men and women serving in the military, including those who  serve at Fort Campbell in Tennessee and Kentucky.   Also, $2.8 billion is provided for basic research at the Department  of Defense. This is the largest Defense Department research and  development budget in history.   It is hard to think of a major technological development since World  War II in this country that wasn't supported in some way by federally  sponsored research. Funding basic research at the Department of Defense  will give the United States an advantage over our adversaries and allow  us to maintain the strongest military in the world.   I have suggested to President Trump that he make science and research  a part of his ``America First'' agenda. We need to do that. Since 2007,  over the last 10 years, China has increased its spending on basic  science by a factor of four and may surpass the United States in total  spending on research and development this year, according to Norm  Augustine, who, during the George W. Bush administration, chaired the  bipartisan committee that wrote a report called ``Rising Above the  Gathering Storm,'' which made recommendations to the Congress on how to  retain America's competitive advantage.   Our country needs to continue to be first in the world in basic  research. The President has already signed into law two consecutive  appropriations bills that provide record funding for science,  technology, energy, and biomedical research, and the two appropriations  bills we are debating this week will provide even more funding for  basic research.   I urge my colleagues to support these bills because passing these  bills means more biomedical research at National Institutes of Health  for treatments and cures; more Federal help for States and communities  struggling to combat the opioid crisis; the largest Department of  Defense research budget in history; and pay raises for the men and  women who serve in our military.   Let me say again what I said a little earlier. This funding that we  are talking about--this record funding for science, technology, basic  research, supercomputing in another bill, the need for our national  defense--all of this is within the part of the Federal budget that is  under control. Over the last 10 years, this discretionary part of the  budget--roughly one-third or a little less than one-third of the  budget--has grown at about the rate of inflation, and over the next 10  years, according to the Congressional Budget Office, it is expected to  grow at just a little more than the rate of inflation.   So this is not the Federal spending that is causing the big Federal  deficit. This is spending for national defense, national parks, the  National Institutes of Health, and national laboratories. This is the  core of what we need to do in the United States of America.   We need resolve and courage in a bipartisan way, and the President  needs to join us, in dealing with the part of the budget that is  running up a big deficit; that is, Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security,  and other entitlements. Nobody wants to touch that. That is a separate  question. But it is important for people to know that there is no need  to beat your chest and pat yourself on the back when you cut funding  for the military, when you cut funding for the National Institutes of  Health, when you make our national laboratories work less, or when the  National Parks can't maintain themselves.   We go the opposite direction here: record funding for national  laboratories; we are considering more maintenance for National Parks;  record funding for supercomputing; record funding for biomedical  research, all within the budget limits, all within our priorities. That  is what we need to do.   As I said when I started, Senators don't deserve a merit badge for  passing appropriations bills any more than Boy Scouts deserve a merit  badge for telling the truth. That is what we are supposed to do. But  when we do it and do it properly, as we are doing this year, it  deserves to be noticed.   I congratulate Senator Durbin, Senator Leahy, Senator McConnell, and  Senator Shelby for their roles and their leadership in this.   I thank the President.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, if I may, I thank the Senator for his  remarks and his leadership on this amendment. I think it is important  to be clear about this. Of course, the Senator has a right to object to  the amendment, I suppose, but sooner or later this amendment, or  something like it, is going to become law. I support the amendment.  President Trump supports the amendment.   Senator Durbin has worked with Republicans and Democrats, over the  last 3 or 4 weeks, to think of different appropriate ways to require  television advertising to state what the price of a drug is. There  would be different ways to do it. I asked him to take a few weeks to  help us talk that out. He did that. I think he has come to a conclusion  that deserves support. I support the bill.   I am chairman of the authorizing committee, the Health Committee, in  the Senate. This is going to happen one way or the other. I suggest we  try to find a way to go ahead and do it now because if the President  supports it and you have bipartisan support in the Health Committee and  bipartisan support in the Labor and Health Appropriations Subcommittee,  it is going to become law. It makes good sense.   The cost of healthcare is a major issue we need to address, and we  can't do it all at once. Prescription drugs are a part of it.  Prescription drugs are 10 percent of the cost of healthcare. They are  17 percent--we have had testimony before our committee--if you include  the drugs that are administered in hospitals. There are other factors  as well.   Complexity is a big factor. Administrative burden is a big factor.  Electronic healthcare records and their inadequate operation and lack  of inoperability are big factors. Overutilization is a big factor.   Through the Chair, I wish to say to the Senator of Illinois, we have  had excellent witnesses through our committee from the Institute of  Medicine--some of the most distinguished witnesses we could have in the  country--who tell us that as much as 30 percent to 50 percent of all  that the United States spends on healthcare is unnecessary, wasted.   We spend 17 or 18 percent of our entire gross domestic product on  healthcare. We are the richest country in the world. We produce about  24 percent of all money in the world, and we spend 18 percent of that  on healthcare, much more than similar countries do, and our own experts  tell us much of it is unnecessary.   We can't deal with it all at once, but one way to deal with it is  competition and transparency and letting patients know the cost of what  they are buying, whether it is doctors' services or it is a  prescription drug.   I believe Senator Durbin and Senator Grassley are correct. The  President believes they are correct. The Secretary of Health and Human  Services supports their bill, and we should pass  [[Page S5811]]  it. Consumers should know, when they see a television ad about a  prescription drug, what the cost of that drug is.   My hope for the Senator from Illinois is that he is ultimately  successful with his proposal, and if he is not, I hope he counts me as  an ally in an effort to continue to see that it gets done.   