 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 899, the Veterans  Providing Healthcare Transition Improvement Act, which extends paid  sick leave benefits for veteran employees with service-connected  disabilities in their first year of work at the Department of Veterans  Affairs.   As the lead Democrat on this bill, I thank my colleague  Representative  Steve Stivers from Ohio for his bipartisan leadership  on this issue. And let me hasten to add, I do enjoy the work that we do  together as founders and co-chairs of the bipartisan Congressional  Maker Caucus, bringing to the attention of the Congress advanced  manufacturing technologies.   But back to the issue at hand.   Mr. Speaker, I also thank Senator Mazie Hirono for taking the lead on  this important issue in the Senate.   Veterans who choose to provide their medical skills and expertise to  serve other veterans at the Department of Veterans Affairs should not  have to take a leave of absence to receive the care that they need. By  improving the Wounded Warrior Federal Leave Act to extend benefits to  wounded warriors working at the VA, we will help veterans who need to  take time off to get their own medical care.   This will also help in hiring and recruiting what are known as title  38 employees at the VA. This group of employees includes physicians,  physician assistants, registered nurses, chiropractors, podiatrists,  optometrists, and dentists.   According to 2018 data from the Veterans Health Administration, there  are over 14,000 title 38 vacancies nationwide. We must make it a  priority to fill these vacancies to ensure that the VA is well staffed  and capable of providing veterans with the services that they need.  Extending benefits to title 38 employees at the VA can help with the  recruitment and hiring of veterans who want to continue helping other  veterans.   Veterans working at the VA already make incredible sacrifices to help  their fellow veterans. Their paychecks should not be one of them. This  is why I urge my colleagues to stand with our veterans and support this  legislation.   