 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Chairman Shuster and  Chairman Thune for the inclusion of the Airport Investment Partnership  Program and the removal of the ``flags of convenience'' language in  H.R. 302, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018.   Similar to Brat 150, an amendment I filed to the Rules Committee on  H.R. 4, this bill will improve the Airport Privatization Pilot Program  by making it permanent, eliminating the numerical limits on airport  participation, and providing grants to help with predevelopment  planning costs. The new program will be called the Airport Investment  Partnership Program. Airports that are looking to reorganize will soon  be able to utilize this program as a viable option to achieve their  goals. It is my hope and belief that through these changes, more  airports will have an opportunity to increase profitability,  efficiency, and improve the traveler experience.   In addition, I am pleased that the final language of H.R. 302 does  not include so-called airline ``flags of convenience'' restrictions.  The original language proposed was anticompetitive and would have  threatened U.S. Open Skies agreements that have brought consumers more  options and better prices. The fact is consumers want more choices, not  less. That is why I introduced H.R. 5000, the Free to Fly Act. The Free  to Fly Act would repeal an outdated regulation from the Great  Depression-era which artificially caps foreign ownership in U.S.  airlines at twenty-five percent. This regulation is among the strictest  in the world, increases the cost of capital, and limits consumer  choice. The Free to Fly Act would also require any foreign U.S. airline  subsidiaries to be established and regulated under U.S. law, be based  in the United States, and only employ American workers.   The Free to Fly Act has been endorsed by a wide array of  organizations, from conservative groups such as the Club for Growth and  FreedomWorks, business interests like the U.S. Travel Association,  Airports Council International-North America, Travel Tech, and the  Business Travel Coalition, taxpayer watchdogs like the National  Taxpayers Union and Taxpayers Protection Alliance, and consumer groups  such as Travelers United, FlyersRights.org, Air Travel Fairness, and  Consumer Action for a Strong Economy. Both the travel industry and  consumers recognize a need for such a change and for more competition.   I hope Congress will turn to the free market more as a solution for  financing our infrastructure needs and improving the travel experience  for all Americans, and I applaud Chairman Shuster and Chairman Thune on  the inclusion of the Airport Investment Partnership Program and the  removal of the ``flags of convenience'' language in the FAA  Reauthorization Act of 2018.   