 Mr. President, I know that Senator Shelby has spoken  before and is going to speak again. I also know we are coming up on the  time for some votes. Let me speak in my capacity as vice chairman of  the Senate Appropriations Committee.   Today, as you know, the Senate begins consideration of the Defense  and Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies  minibus appropriations bill. This will actually be the third  appropriations package brought to the Senate floor this year. Once we  complete action, the Senate will have passed 9 of the 12 committee- reported appropriations bills for the fiscal year 2019. It is certainly  much faster than has been done in years.   I want to thank Chairman Shelby for his commitment to a bipartisan  process. That and the fact we have been friends for decades have made  this progress possible. I also want to thank Senators Blunt, Murray,  and Durbin for their work on these bills--again, a bipartisan effort. I  think the bipartisan progress is due to the Shelby-Leahy-McConnell- Schumer commitment to move forward on appropriations bills that have  bipartisan support, are at spending levels agreed to in the bipartisan  budget deal, and reject poison pill riders and controversial  authorizing language. The two bills in this package meet this test.    The minibus before us represents 65 percent of all discretionary  spending, but it also demonstrates the importance of the bipartisan  budget agreement reached earlier this year. In this package, we see the  priorities outlined in that agreement made into real policy to improve  the lives of Americans.   It is no secret that the Budget Control Act of 2011 and the resulting  sequestration cuts damaged our military readiness, resulting in  canceled deployments and deferred maintenance.   It was in July of last year, I remind my fellow Senators, that  Secretary Mattis testified before the Senate Appropriations Committee,  and he said that ``for all the heartache caused by the loss of our  troops during these wars, no enemy in the field has done more to harm  the readiness of our military than sequestration.''   But damage to our military readiness was not the only consequence of  the Budget Control Act. Sequestration has led to schools that fail to  prepare students for a challenging world, a steep decline in Federal  investment for job training and employment services, healthcare crises  left unaddressed, and childcare services eroded.   In fact, when thinking of the defense budget, it was reported in 2017  that 7 out of 10 people--7 out of 10--ages 17 to 24 in America would  not qualify for military service because of reasons related to their  physical health or education. That means that 24 million out of 34  million young adults are ineligible due to obesity and other health  problems or criminal backgrounds or lack of education.   Now, if you want to talk about national security, that strikes at it.  This statistic should make it alarmingly clear that investments in our  domestic priorities, such as healthcare and education, are also  national security investments, and the military agrees with that. That  is why we fought so hard for a budget deal to reverse the cuts on both  defense and nondefense programs.   But now we have reached a bipartisan budget deal, and because of it,  the defense appropriations bill before us gives the men and women of  our Armed Services the resources they need to carry out the missions  effectively and safely. That is a goal that both Republicans and  Democrats have shared throughout this process.   The LHHS bill makes important new investments in healthcare and  education. It increases funding for the National Institutes of Health  by $5 billion over fiscal year 2017 so they can aggressively pursue  cures for diseases like cancer, diabetes, and Alzheimer's. It backs our  commitment to increase access to higher education by increasing college  affordability spending by $2.3 billion over fiscal year 2017. By  increasing access to childcare by $3.2 billion over fiscal year 2017,  it supports working families and communities in every part of our  country.   In doing this, we have rejected the President's shortsighted budget  proposals, which would have cut important programs in the LHHS bill by  $12.5 billion from fiscal year 2018 funding level.   Now, we take into consideration our immediate national security  needs, but you can't just stop there, you have to think about the  future of the country. The deep ties that run between defense and  nondefense priorities make it fitting that we take up these two bills  together, and I applaud the chairman for doing that. By combining these  bills into one package, we increase the certainty that they will be  enacted into law on time and will avoid the devastating effect of long- term continuing resolutions.   I urge our House counterparts, when they come back to Washington, to  commit, as we have, to producing a conference report that contains both  bills so that we can move swiftly toward final passage.   Finally, I wish to highlight the new funding in this bill that helps  our country address the scourge of opioids.   Every Member in this Chamber has seen the toll this epidemic has  taken on their States. In 2017, 72,000 people--a 10-percent increase  over 2016--lost their lives to drug overdoses in the opioid epidemic.  In that 1 year, more lives were lost than in the entirety of the  Vietnam War. Just think of that: 72,000 people in the opioid scourge.   Now, I know Marcelle and I hear frequently from Vermonters recovering  from opioid abuse, but we also hear in the grocery stores, at our  church, or on the streets of Vermont from families talking about a  member who did not recover and talking about their funeral.   Marcelle is a nurse, and I am a former prosecutor.   Some of these tales have brought us to tears because these are men  and women with the same hopes and dreams shared by all Americans. That  is why I say that mothers and fathers see us and say: We want to talk  to you. They have tears streaming from their eyes. We know what we are  going to hear--that they have lost children to this epidemic.   This has touched the lives of every American: Black, White, rich,  poor, urban, and rural. It is an American problem. It affects all of  us. This package represents a second installment in investing in  serious solutions.   We invest $3 billion in new resources over fiscal year 2017 to  address this crisis. This is on top of roughly $500 million in  additional funding contained in other appropriations bills and similar  funding levels in the fiscal year 2018 omnibus. But it is because of  the bipartisan budget deal that these new investments will surpass $6  billion over 2 years.   Of course there is more we can do to help those Americans who are  trying to pull themselves out of addiction and turn their lives around  or to keep their children alive, but this is a good start. I think it  is a start the American people can be proud of. It is not a Democratic  plan, and it is not a Republican plan. It is an American plan, and that  should unite us all.   Mr. President, I see my dear friend from Alabama, the distinguished  chairman, on the floor, and I yield to him.   