 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer a straightforward  amendment to prohibit any effort to redirect funds allocated under the  Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act, which is commonly known as GOMESA.   For those who don't know, GOMESA calls for a Federal revenue sharing  agreement between the Federal Government and four Gulf States: Texas,  Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama. The program is designed to split  up revenue from selected oil and gas lease sales in the Outer  Continental Shelf of the Gulf of Mexico.   The neat thing about GOMESA is it ensures appropriate funding for the  coastal areas that provide the workforce, assume the environmental  risk, build much of the infrastructure, and support the offshore oil  and gas industry. It only makes sense that the coastal areas should  receive an adequate share of the revenue.   Previously, there have been administrative efforts to direct the  money away from the Gulf States, and, instead, devote the resources to  national projects. While I appreciate the Trump administration not  including any such proposal in this year's budget, I still believe it  is important for Congress to send a clear, bipartisan message that we  do not support moving GOMESA funds away from the Gulf Coast.   In fact, just this year, the Department of the Interior disbursed  almost $188 million to the four Gulf oil and gas producing States.  Alabama received $21 million this year, and the two coastal counties in  Alabama received an additional combined amount of $5 million.   I have seen these GOMESA funds put to good use back in my home State  of Alabama, whether it was for environmental rehabilitation protection  projects or programs that boost the coastal tourism economy. GOMESA is  working by supporting and promoting our Gulf Coast communities. If you  talk to our local mayors and county leaders, they will tell you how  critically important GOMESA funding is for their region.   It would be detrimental to go against congressional intent and  redirect these funds away from our respective coastal communities. By  including this amendment, we can make clear that Congress does not  support reallocating these resources and show our strong support for  the Gulf Coast.   Mr. Chair, I ask for an ``aye'' vote on this amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   