 Mr. President, the Democratic leader and the  Democratic assistant leader know my great respect for them. In fact, I  spent a great deal of time with the Democratic leader in 2013,  reopening the government after the Republicans shut it down. I would  like to say three things about where we are today.   First, in my view, shutting down the Government of the United States  of America should never, ever be a bargaining chip for any issue,  period. Shutting down the Government of the United States of America  should never, ever be used as a bargaining chip for any issue, period.  It should be to governing as chemical warfare is to real warfare. It  should be banned. It should be unthinkable. We should not even allow  anybody on either side of the aisle to seriously consider it. Yet we  are in the middle of it.   I was sent here from Tennessee not to shut the government down but to  make it work for taxpayers. I have worked hard to do that. I continue  to do that, and I think my friends on the other side of the aisle know  that I know how to work in the Senate. If you want a result, that means  60 votes.   I respect the fact that the minority has prerogatives. I don't think  the Senate is a place where a bulldozer runs over the minority. So we  work together, and we get important results that are lasting on issues  like fixing No Child Left Behind and on 21st Century Cures.   Senator Murray of Washington State and I are working on the first  modifications to the Affordable Care Act to lower health insurance  premiums. We haven't had any of those in 7 years. We can do that, and  when we do it, it works. But we should never, ever say: If you don't do  what I want, we are going to shut the government down because we can.   We did that on the Republican side in 2013. We shouldn't have done  it, but we did it. Barack Obama was the President of the United States  then. What he did say? He said: I will not negotiate with the  Republicans, who have shut the government down over the Affordable Care  Act, while the government is shut down. So we went on day after day  after day, and the government shut down.   In my part of East Tennessee, where the Presiding Officer has  visited, it happened to be right in the middle of the fall tourist  season. So the little businesses that make their living off tourists  coming to the Great Smoky Mountains to see the colors--they lost a lot  of their livelihood. Military people weren't paid. The taxpayers lost  hundreds of millions of dollars because we Republicans shut the  government down in 2013.   President Obama said: I will not negotiate with anybody over any  issue when they use as a bargaining chip shutting the government down.  He stuck to his guns, and we capitulated in 2 weeks. We got the blame  for it, and we deserved it. We deserved it.   We were not sent here to shut the government down. We were sent here  to make the government work for taxpayers.   Now, who is shutting the government down? It is obvious who is  shutting the government down. The Republican House passed a continuing  resolution to keep the government open.   Last night, 50 Senators, including almost all Republicans and 5  Democrats, voted to keep the government open. The President has said he  would sign the continuing resolution to keep the government open. The  Democrats are closing down the government because they want a result on  an important issue, and they want it now--their way.   I respect the issue. It is an issue I am trying to solve, too, but we  should not be shutting the government down to resolve the issue of  these children who were brought here years ago. I am going to talk more  about that.   We know who is shutting the government down. The Republicans are  voting to keep it open, and the Democrats are voting to shut it. Nobody  should be shutting down the government.   Second, there is a lot of talk about what the President does and what  the House does. One of the things I have learned about Washington is  that we have three branches of government for a reason, and we have two  independent Houses for a reason.   The assistant Democratic leader and the Presiding Officer both served  in the House of Representatives. I didn't have that privilege.  Sometimes we have Senators who want to run over to the House and get  them to do things our way. I have found that doesn't work very well. We  have a lot to say over here, and usually the best thing for us to do is  to do what the Senate can do and say ``Here it is''--say that to the  President, and say that to the House. Often, when we do that, then they  agree with us or modify it, and we get a result.   So it is a pretty poor excuse to sit here and say: We can't deal with  President Trump. We don't have to deal with President Trump. We are the  U.S. Senate. We can make our own decisions about DACA. We can make our  own decisions about health insurance.   We need his signature to make it a law, but maybe it is a lot easier  if we pass what we can pass and say: Here, Mr. President. Here is a  solution to an important issue. You can be Nixon to China on the  immigration issue. You have said you want to do that; do it. But first,  here is the specific solution we have.   As far as the House of Representatives, we can't say to Speaker Ryan:  Now, Mr. Speaker, before we do anything in the Senate, we want you to  write the bill and approve it and send us this, that, or the other. We  can have a discussion with him, but that is not how the system works.  We should do what the Senate can do, and we should do it with respect  for the House. We should show them what we are doing; we should talk to  them about it. There is nothing wrong with that. We should consult with  the President of the United States. We want his signature, and we want  the House's approval, but the main thing for us to do is to do what we  can do.   How does that happen? Under the current circumstances, I think there  is one obvious way to do that, and I suggested it earlier to the  majority leader, Senator McConnell. He didn't do that a couple of weeks  ago, but I suggested: Look, we have a tough issue here, DACA. We have a  lot of Republicans who would like to get a result. We want the result  by March 5 because that is when time runs out for these people who have  been living in the United States who were brought here illegally as  children through no fault of their own.   So the best way to do that--why don't we just vote on it? Why don't  we take some time on the floor of the Senate, and rather than  negotiating in the back rooms and saying we can't get the President, we  can't get Paul Ryan, or we can't do this or that, why don't we just put  up the Alexander bill or the Daines bill or the Durbin bill or the  Schumer bill or the Graham bill, put it on the floor, let Senators  amend it, and see if we can get 60 votes? If we can, then we can say to  the President of the United States: Mr. President, we have solved the  problem here; we would like your support. We can say to the House of  Representatives: We would like you to support it, or if you have a  better idea, let's see it, or let's put it in the bill we are going to  send you.   In any event, we would be in much better shape than the Senate just  talking; we would have actually done something. I think the majority  leader could shorten the period of time for the resolution. I think  that would be a good gesture of faith to the Democrats.   Second, we should say that if, during that time, a group of leaders,  such as the whips on our side--and we could include the whips on the  other side--if a group of Senators cannot come to an agreement on a  bill, then we will do  [[Page S362]]  what the Senate is supposed to do: We will put the bills on the floor,  and we will vote on them. We will vote on them, and we will do it in  the light of day. We will let people see who is for it and who is  against it and whose amendments work and whose don't. Lots of times, we  come to a better result that way.   That is my suggestion. We don't need to shout at each other. We don't  need to go on forever. That is bad for the country. It is bad for the  military. It is bad for us. It is bad for the government. It is  unthinkable that we should be shutting down the Government of the  United States of America. Let's open it back up. Let's shorten the  period of time. Let's say that if we don't have the DACA decision  worked out among the group of Senators who are talking today, then we  put it on the floor and we stay here until we get it done.   Finally, we are on the verge of doing some very important things for  the American people in the U.S. Senate, and I think almost everybody  knows that. I noticed the temperature in here last night. Despite the  fact that we were in this absurd situation of shutting down the  government, people were very respectful of one another because they  know that we are on the verge of passing a number of important issues  that will help our country--No. 1, a 2-year budget agreement that will  give the military the funding it needs. At the same time, it will give  significantly more funding for biomedical research, for national parks,  as well as national defense and national laboratories. We are close to  that. I am not really involved in that very much, but everyone says we  are close to a 2-year agreement on that. We can write our  appropriations bills in 3 weeks. We can have that done by the end of  February. That is the first thing.   The second thing is children's health insurance. If we don't do that  in this bill, we should certainly do it. There is agreement on a 6-year  extension of that, and all over the country, people want that to  happen.   The third is what is often called Alexander-Murray-Collins-Nelson. We  have been in a Hatfield and McCoy mud fight over health insurance for 7  years. We actually have some agreement on a way to bring down health  insurance rates for self-employed people, such as farmers, small  businessmen and women, and song writers. Senator Murray and I have  worked on that. Senator Nelson and Senator Collins have worked on that.  The President supports it. The House is interested in it. We haven't  said that they have pledged allegiance to it before we pass it, but  they do know what we are doing, we have consulted with them, and we are  working it out here. So that is the third thing.   So we have the 2-year budget bill, we have children's health  insurance, we have the Alexander-Murray-Collins-Nelson bill, which is  aimed at lowering the insurance rates for self-employed people. That is  three things.   We have disaster aid. After three big hurricanes that hit us, we can  get an agreement on that in a matter of days.   Then we have what we call DACA, the children who were brought here  through no fault of our own. That is the toughest issue, but a lot of  work has been done. We have to be finished by March 5. My sense is that  everybody on the Democratic side wants to get that done, and most of us  on the Republican side want to get it done.   So let's get back to work. Let's don't be in a stalemate for a day or  two or even an hour or two or a week or two when we could be taking  five major, bipartisan steps that are good for the American people. The  American people sent us here to make the government work for them, not  to shut it down. That should be unthinkable. That should be like  chemical warfare. We should never even consider that.   So I urge my friends on the other side, let Senator McConnell and  Senator Schumer, who are veteran Senators--they respect this  institution, they are friends with all of us, and they are able to make  a decision--let them sit down and find an agreement to get this  government back open. Let's go to work on the 2-year budget agreement,  the children's health insurance program, the Alexander-Murray-Collins- Nelson bill to lower health insurance rates for Americans, the DACA  bill, and disaster relief. Let's get that done in a very short period  of time. That is my hope. That is the way I like to work in the Senate,  and my view is, that is the way about 90 of the 100 Senators would like  to see this resolved--sooner rather than later.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   