 Madam President, our Nation has seen some deeply  concerning trends in recent decades--increased polarization, flat wages  for workers, and a growing tribal mindset that makes it increasingly  difficult for people to trust each other and our public institutions.  We are also seeing a partisan divide that is growing stronger and wider  by the day.   For example, 60 years ago, about 4 percent of Americans said that  they would be seriously disappointed if their son or daughter married  someone from the opposite political party. Today, it is almost half.   We are also seeing a growing economic divide. Fifty years ago, 9 out  of 10 30-year-olds in America were better off than their parents at the  same age. In 2010, only half were. It feels like the bonds that make us  a cohesive society are fraying and that life in the United States is  growing more unfair for so many Americans. Bringing our country back  together and strengthening our bonds with each other will not be an  easy task, but, without question, the Supreme Court has an unparalleled  ability either to move our society forward or to pull us further apart.   Unanimous opinions by the Supreme Court to strike down segregation in  public schools, to affirm the right of criminal defendants to an  attorney, and to rein in the use of executive privilege by President  Nixon show the ability of ideologically diverse judges to agree on what  is fair and what is right, but the Supreme Court as an institution is  far, far from infallible.   The same institution that just 3 years ago made marriage equality the  law of the land also upheld the internment of American citizens of  Japanese dissent while our parents fought to liberate prisoners held in  German concentration camps across the Atlantic  [[Page S6668]]  Ocean. The same institution that gave American women the right to make  decisions about their own reproductive health in Roe v. Wade denied  citizenship to African American slaves in the shameful Dred Scott  decision.   Some of my colleagues have said they have confidence that Judge  Kavanaugh believes in Roe v. Wade and that it is the settled law. I  hope they are right, but I seriously doubt it. I think that, if  confirmed, Judge Kavanaugh will spearhead the continued erosion of  rights for American women, and if given the chance, he will vote to  overturn this settled precedent.   Lots of talk in Washington about the Supreme Court centers on  precedent, power, or procedure, but I would argue that voting for a  Supreme Court nominee is fundamentally about people. In making a  decision on how I will vote on a Supreme Court nominee, I ask two  questions: First, how will the nominee serve the people of Michigan?  Second, how will the nominee serve the Nation as a whole?   Now, more than ever, I think we need our Supreme Court not to be just  fair. We also need Americans to truly believe that the Justices that  make up the Supreme Court are fair and capable of dispassionate  deliberation. No human being, of course, can be entirely impartial or  without bias, but we need Supreme Court Justices who are able to  understand their biases and set them aside for the good of the country.  What we need is fairness. What we need is trust.   Our fraying social fabric can only be rebuilt by trust--trust in our  institutions, trust in each other, and trust that our courts will give  every American a fair chance in an era where corporate profits are  ballooning to record levels. But 40 percent of Americans don't have the  savings to cover a $400 emergency expense. A breakdown of trust  undermines our democracy. The farther and faster we retreat to our  partisan tribal corners, the harder it will be to ever meet again in  the middle.   While Americans expect partisanship from their elected officials,  they expect better from our judges. Our Founders created a coequal  branch of government dedicated to fairness, and that was the Supreme  Court, but, unfortunately, when I examine the record of Judge  Kavanaugh, I do not see an open mind. I do not see fairness. I see a  partisan ideologue who will do judicial backflips to rule in favor of  large corporations, the powerful, and the elite.   When the Supreme Court conducts its duty to advise and consent on  Supreme Court nominees, we often talk about methods of constitutional  interpretation. Some judges are textualists. Some are originalists.  Some are pragmatists. I believe Judge Kavanaugh is a corporatist, pure  and simple. He starts with the outcome that corporate executives would  want, and then he works backward. I believe this is the unifying theme  of his rulings over the past decade.   Let's take a moment to review his record.   Judge Kavanaugh sided with big polluters when he wrote that the  Environmental Protection Agency could not enforce their ``good  neighbor'' rule. This commonsense rule simply requires States whose air  pollution blows across their State's lines to bear some of the  responsibility for those downwind emissions. The good neighbor rule is  one of the best ways to crack down on sulfur dioxide, a noxious  pollutant that has created a public health crisis in Detroit, with  childhood asthma rates almost 40 percent above the national average.  More sulfur dioxide in the air means more children in hospitals and  fewer children in the classroom.   Judge Kavanaugh substituted his own values and judgment for the  decisions of Congress and the EPA, but, fortunately, even conservative  Justices on the Supreme Court voted to overrule him and allowed the  good neighbor rule to stay in place.   Judge Kavanaugh apparently does not believe in good neighbors, and he  also does not believe in good bosses. He has consistently ruled against  workers and their interests every chance that he gets.   He wrote a dissent saying that companies can simply walk away from  collective bargaining agreements made with their workers by just  creating a spin-off, a nonunion company. He ruled that companies can  call the police to prevent workers from exercising their right to  peacefully picket. For Judge Kavanaugh, the First Amendment right to  speech and assembly comes second to a corporation's bottom line. This  is the judicial philosophy that the Republican majority is just hours  away from elevating to the highest Court in the land.   Based on a review of Judge Kavanaugh's rulings, it will be clear that  if something is good for consumers, he will find a way to oppose it.   For example, Judge Kavanaugh sided with large telecom corporations  over Michigan families, startups, and small businesses when he wrote a  dissent to gut net neutrality protections. Judge Kavanaugh sided with  payday lenders, financial fraudsters, and global megabanks when he  ruled that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was  unconstitutional.   Not only does Judge Kavanaugh always rule directly in favor of the  largest corporations and powerful special interests, but his rulings  show that he wants to further tilt our campaign finance system in their  favor. He has spoken out and ruled in favor of unlimited political  spending in Federal elections.   In 2011, Judge Kavanaugh authored an opinion that would allow foreign  nationals--not Americans, but foreign nationals--to spend unlimited,  yes, unlimited money on issue ads in American elections. If you like  dark money undermining our free and fair elections, well, Judge  Kavanaugh is definitely your guy. I think Judge Kavanaugh genuinely  believes that money is speech and that corporations are people. To him,  Americans are only an afterthought.   I know many Americans are wondering whether Judge Kavanaugh will look  out for their best interests if confirmed to the Supreme Court. I hear  it all the time as I travel across Michigan.   To my fellow Americans, I would say this. If you enjoy breathing  clean air, if you have a boss, if you care about not being defrauded by  financial bad actors, or if you care about a woman's right to choose,  Judge Kavanaugh will not be providing the fairness you seek.   Like many Americans, I followed closely the testimonies of Dr. Ford  and Judge Kavanaugh before the Senate Judiciary Committee. As I watched  Dr. Ford, I didn't see a partisan ideologue motivated by politics. What  I saw was a woman speaking with credibility, with earnestness, and  incredible bravery.   As I watched Judge Kavanaugh testify before that same Judiciary  Committee, I saw something very different. I didn't see the temperance  and humility we expect from a Supreme Court justice. I saw rage and I  saw entitlement. I didn't see a thoughtful legal mind bound by  precedent or tradition. I saw a partisan political operative cloaked in  judicial robes bestowed upon him last decade by a Republican majority  flexing their political muscle. I didn't see an umpire who wants to  call balls and strikes. I saw a man who believes he is the league's  commissioner, a man who thinks he should have the power to rewrite the  rules of the game to help his powerful friends. I didn't see a man  committed to fairness and building trust. I saw a man committed to  consolidating power and scoring political points. I saw a man whose  fluid relationship with the truth is beneath the U.S. Senate and  beneath the U.S. Supreme Court.   Today, more than ever, America needs trust and we need fairness.  Judge Kavanaugh's confirmation will provide only more division in our  country and cast a cloud over the decisions of the Court for years to  come.   I urge my colleagues to oppose Judge Kavanaugh's confirmation and to  start over with a nominee worthy of our Supreme Court.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   