 Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a member of the Education  and the Workforce Committee in strong support of the Strengthening  Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act.   This bill will reauthorize the Perkins Career and Technical Education  Act for the first time since 2006.   Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Chairwoman Foxx, Ranking Member Scott,  Congressman Thompson, and Congressman Krishnamoorthi for their hard  work getting this measure through both chambers for the first time in  12 years.   This bill is about preparing secondary and post-secondary students  with the academic, technical, and employability skills required to be  successful in the workforce at a critical time for our economy.  [[Page H7193]]    For example, according to the National Association of Manufacturers,  there will be more than 3.5 million open manufacturing jobs through  2025, and unless we can better prepare that future workforce, 2 million  of these jobs will go unfilled.   This reauthorization will incentivize technical schools to boost  performance by providing schools with more flexibility that will allow  schools to use Federal grant money to align casework and training with  the workforce needs in their region.   In eastern Connecticut and Rhode Island, as we ramp up submarine  production that will require 14,000 new workers over the next 8 years,  an updated Perkins law will be an asset to the Electric Boat shipyard  and submarine suppliers for years to come.   My district is home to four technical high schools: Norwich, Windham,  Grasso, and Ellis Technical High School. In May, I had the opportunity  to visit Ellis Tech in Danielson and saw firsthand the impressive  programs offered to their 600-plus students from 20 towns in the  region.   In addition to the programming at the school, Ellis partners with  local community colleges to offer juniors and seniors the opportunity  to receive college credits and reduce the cost of higher education.   This bill will take programs like Ellis to a higher and better place  just in the nick of time for our economy.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to support final passage  of this important measure to build a stronger American workforce.   