 Mr. Speaker, it is a bit disconcerting to hear a lot of  my friends on the other side of the aisle say that any funds left over  in the executive branch account should not be returned to the U.S.  Treasury, which would reduce Federal borrowing; but instead, Congress  should find some way to spend that money.   This really, I think, is an indication of the serious problem of  overspending that we have here in Washington, a problem that I think so  many of our constituents sent us here to address.   Mr. Speaker, the Federal Government is running an annual deficit. I  think people know that. These repeated annual deficits have combined to  create a staggering national debt, which currently stands at more than  $21 trillion. These deficits are not free, but costly, because of the  interest our country has to pay on these borrowed dollars.   Today, with this legislation, we mark a return to a legislative tool  that both Republicans and Democrats alike have utilized to clean up  accounts that went underutilized. The rescission tool that is being  used in this legislation was commonly used in the 1970s, when it was  established, all the way through the 1980s and 1990s, as a way to  return unused, unobligated tax dollars to the U.S. Treasury.  [[Page H4881]]    To recap, the rescission bill we have before us today returns unspent  dollars to the Treasury. Every dollar returned is a dollar that we  don't have to borrow. Every dollar that does not need to be borrowed  does not incur interest payments.   While I understand there is no perfect bill, this bill is an  important step in restoring a measure of fiscal restraint. I am proud  to stand with the President to clean up some old accounts and prevent  waste as well as abuse.   Let me add that some of these accounts are worthwhile, but this is  not a debate about individual accounts. This is about doing the  necessary steps to clean up the executive branch's balance sheets.    Mr. Speaker, there have been discussions about whether  this line item or that line item might be something to rescind or not.  To them, I would point out that we are in the middle of an  appropriations process. We can work on these issues and we can address  them. It doesn't mean that they are left off the table.   So I stand ready to continue to work with my colleagues as we face  the challenges facing this Nation as we continue working on the  Appropriations Committee, and I welcome the input of my colleagues as  we continue on for FY 2019.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of this first  package of FY 2019 appropriations bills. This combined bill that we are  talking about today is the start of the process, and it is a good  example of how the House is doing its job.   We have had a lot of hearings and we have had a lot of meetings with  administration officials over the last several months, and we have  talked about their budget and how they justified it and how we are  moving through the process.   The Appropriations Committee has now taken action. We have marked up  and passed these bills that are before us out of the subcommittee. We  have passed them out of the committee. The House has taken action with  this legislative package that we will pass tomorrow, and now it is the  Senate's turn.   Mr. Chairman, let me point out that the Senate has passed just two  appropriations bills through subcommittee and full committee and had  floor votes in the Senate since 2012, just two standalone bills in 6  years.   Mr. Chairman, certainly I think it is a real problem. The House is  doing its job and it is time for the Senate to do theirs, and they may  have to stay in session during the month of August to get their work  done.   The President has promised that he will not sign another 12-bill  package omnibus bill. We are doing our part here to ensure the process  moves forward and that we have the bills to conference with the Senate  once they are completed. So I urge my colleagues to support this three- bill package to fund our veterans' healthcare, infrastructure package,  and these other important programs.   