 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Colorado, and I  rise to echo the sentiments of the Senator from Colorado.   I first want to thank the Senator for all of his great work on this  bill, for all of the hearings that took place in the subcommittee, all  of the various interest groups who had to be worked with in order to  make sure that this bill came to pass.   So I just want to thank the Senator from Colorado and thank his staff  for the great work.   This bill is a historic bill. It is a very important bill. It could  not have happened without the Senator, and I thank him for all of his  incredible leadership on this issue.   I want to thank my own staff for all of their great work on this  issue as well.   We had an incredible bipartisan partnership that was created between  the Senator from Colorado and the Senator from Massachusetts, but our  staffs worked very closely together.   This bill, the Gardner-Markey Asia Reassurance Initiative Act, is a  very important bill, and I want to speak about this bill, but in doing  so, I am actually speaking about something that is broader, something  more important, something of more lasting consequence to international  peace and stability, and something more critical to the economic well- being, security, and fundamental rights of Americans and millions of  others around the globe.   America has always had an important relationship with the Indo- Pacific region, but the global landscape is changing, and today, more  than ever, the Indo-Pacific is the most consequential region, not only  for the United States but also for the rest of the world, and that is  what this bill is all about. It is how we in the U.S. Congress can  reaffirm that we, No. 1, are and will remain committed to the Indo- Pacific; No. 2, recognize its shifting dynamics and the significance  these changes represent; and No. 3, stand ready to marshal the  leadership and resources necessary to address the challenges we face  and capitalize on the opportunities before us.   With that in mind, I again want to extend my gratitude to my partner  in this endeavor, Senator Gardner. He has been the best possible  partner in this effort, and I want to thank him for everything he has  done.  [[Page S7867]]    I also want to thank Senators Corker and Menendez for their  assistance in advancing this bill through the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee and a litany of saints who I think should all be mentioned:  Senator Rubio, Senator Cardin, Senator Young, Senator Sullivan, Senator  Perdue, Senator Graham, Senator Coons, Senator Kaine, Senator Peters,  Senator Wicker--all cosponsors of this bill, perfectly bipartisan.   I also want to thank Representatives McCarthy and Hoyer and Neal and  Royce and Castro and Yoho for their work as well. That list of Members  is not only indicative of the level of bipartisanship there is in  Congress but also on U.S.-Asia policy. This bill would not have been  possible without them, and it would not have been possible without,  again, the wonderful staffs we are blessed to have working on these  issues, who spent many long hours advocating for key American interests  and values in this legislation.   This bill represents a generational policy framework to enhance U.S.  leadership in the Indo-Pacific and is a demonstration of American  commitment to a free and open region, as well as the rules-based  international order.   Zach Hosford and Mark Appleton on my staff dedicated the last year to  working and partnering with the Senator. So I am pleased that the  Gardner-Markey Asia Reassurance Initiative will pass the Senate today,  and I look forward to its being sent on to the President's desk.   I again thank Senator Gardner for all of his incredible work.   I yield the floor.    I thank Bishop Carper--I mean Senator Carper as I  continue preaching to the choir. There is no one who does it better  than you do, and we have to continue to do this insistently,  persistently, and constantly to make sure this message is heard. We  thank you for all of your great leadership, Senator Carper.   Senator Merkley will be joining us out here on the floor. We have so  many other Members who are completely committed to this issue. It is  absolutely essential that we make progress in 2019 and 2020 on this  issue.   We are speaking on the floor today about the just-concluded  international climate negotiations in Poland--also called COP24. That  means conference of parties. That means every nation on Earth. Twenty- four. The 24 times that every nation on Earth met to preserve the  Earth, to make sure that this great gift God gave us is, in fact,  passed on better than we found it and not potentially at great risk  because we did not act.   Unfortunately, given the focus of the Trump administration at the  climate conference, you could say that we are here on the Senate floor  not for a colloquy but for ``coal-oquy''--a discussion about the role  of coal in our society.   In a shameful moment for our country in the history of international  climate negotiations, the United States formed a gaslighting group with  Kuwait, Russia, and Saudi Arabia to downplay the findings on climate  change while at the talks in Poland.   Despite the fact that in the IPCC's special report--the U.N.'s  special report--on 1.5 degrees Celsius, the world's scientists tell us  that coal without carbon capture must be completely eliminated as a  source of power by the year 2050, the United States, unfortunately,  held an official event celebrating dirty fossil fuels, with no solution  to the problem.   That is the Trump administration. President Trump, I think, got his  degree in climate science from Trump University, and the diplomas were  handed out by the Koch brothers. This is the problem. It is not the  coal miners. We have to make sure that we take care of the coal miners.  We have to make sure that they get the healthcare they need, the  pensions they need.   There is a revolution going on. It is a renewables revolution, and it  is an all-electric vehicle revolution. This administration has been  trying as hard as it can to stop it, to slow it down, even as the  planet gets dangerously warm.   Fortunately, for the planet, the international community set the  rules of the road for implementing the Paris climate agreement despite  the misinformation being peddled by the Trump administration. The  global community was in agreement in its belief in the science of  climate. Now we have a new rule book based on the international  consensus for making progress toward the goals outlined in the Paris  climate agreement.   What happened in Poland was an important milestone for the planet.  When Donald Trump announced that the United States would withdraw from  the Paris Agreement, he defied the wishes of the majority of Americans  and of many of our biggest business leaders because they know that  being a part of the Paris Agreement makes America more competitive. It  will create new jobs, open up new markets, catalyze economic growth,  and reduce business risks. The Trump administration's decision to pull  the United States from the Paris accord continues to be a grave,  unforced error that will have massive implications for our economy, for  our security, for our public health, and for our future.   The new Conference of the Parties' rule book--the new meeting of  every country in the world--makes the Paris Agreement stronger than  ever, but the United States wants the rules to simply allow us to sit  out the game. By the ``United States,'' I mean the Trump  administration, representing the Federal Government. Yet it doesn't  represent the people. It doesn't represent the States. It doesn't  represent the cities. It doesn't represent all of the businesses in our  country that are moving on renewables, that are moving on this dramatic  change.   Recently released scientific studies make clear that as one of the  world's greatest polluters, the United States cannot sit on the  sidelines. You cannot preach temperance from a bar stool. You cannot  tell the rest of the world to do something while you yourself are  allowing all of these emissions to go up into the atmosphere. Of the 17  hottest years on record, 16 have occurred since the year 2000. At the  rate we are warming, the world is on course to breach 1.5-degrees  Celsius above preindustrial levels by the year 2030.   The National Climate Assessment warns that the Northeast will warm  faster than any other region in the United States, breaching 2-degrees  of warming above preindustrial levels of 2035. In other words, the Gulf  of Maine--Massachusetts Bay--is the second fastest warming body of  water on the planet after the Arctic. That is dangerous. What it means  is that we could have a total loss of coral reefs, the doubling in loss  of plant and animal species, a loss of up to one-tenth of U.S. GDP-- more than double the losses of the great recession by 2100.   Senator Carper already laid all of this out in graphic detail for the  Members to see and for the American people to see. When asked about the  conclusions from his own administration's scientists on climate change,  President Trump said: I don't believe my own scientists on climate  action.   The world no longer sees the American President as Commander in  Chief; it sees a climate denier in chief sitting in the Oval Office.   Thankfully, America's climate scientists are fighting for us. The  world's scientists are fighting for us, and we  [[Page S7870]]  must fight for them. We must fight efforts to censor their research. We  must fight the efforts to ax their budgets. We must fight for them  because the work they do is essential to our planet's future.   One only has to look at the litany of sins perpetrated by the Trump  administration on climate science and climate action to see how big of  a fight we have. The list of this administration's efforts to weaken  climate action, public health, and environmental rules is so long that  Senator Whitehouse and I had to publish a report to capture all of the  ways Donald Trump has already come to lead ``The Most Anti-Climate  Administration in History.''   This is the report. It just goes on. It is page after page of actions  that the administration has taken to undermine the progress we should  be making on climate. We just issued this report this week. There are  more than 114 climate actions that President Trump and his Big Oil all- star team, at the Cabinet level in this administration, have put in  place. That has been, literally, one attack per week over the past 2  years.   During his tenure, President Trump nominated Andrew Wheeler, a member  of the coal industry's hall of fame, to run the Agency that is tasked  with protecting our environment. He has moved to freeze fuel economy  standards at 2020 levels rather than pushing for the economically and  technologically achievable goal of 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025. While  in the White House, the President, day by day, tries his best to make  sure that no progress is made.   Here is what I know. We went all the way from 1975 until 2007 with no  new law being passed on fuel economy standards. In the House and in  partnering with Members over here in the Senate, I was able to pass the  increase in 2007 for fuel economy standards. That was the first  increase in 32 years. President Trump has proposed a clean powerplant  replacement that would kill 1,400 more Americans every year and emit 12  times more carbon dioxide. This list goes on and on. The only thing  longer than the list of anti-climate and environmental actions taken by  the Trump administration might be the number of investigations of the  Trump administration.   Unfortunately, in the absence of leadership from Trump's Federal  agencies, people wonder what is happening. Is there a reason for hope?  The answer is yes. Our towns, our cities, our States haven't missed a  step. There are 22 States, 550 cities, and 900 companies with  operations in the United States that have climate commitments in place.  These pledgers could get us within striking distance of our original  commitment in the Paris climate agreement.   After the Waxman-Markey bill passed on the floor of the U.S. House of  Representatives and when President Obama went to Copenhagen, the  promise he made was the 17-percent reduction by 2020, which was in the  Waxman-Markey bill. That is the pledge, that 17 percent in the Waxman- Markey bill. We are still capable of coming very close to that, but we  know that even the U.S. commitment in Paris of up to 28 percent in the  years after that would be insufficient to limit the warming to 1.5  degrees by midcentury, so we need to be thinking beyond that.   We need to get to net zero emissions by 2050. To get there, we will  need to take unprecedented action. We need to supercharge our  investments in a clean energy economy, and we need to do that at the  Federal level. Globally, we need to cut greenhouse gas emissions in  half by 2030. We need to invest in energy efficiency solutions to  reduce the total energy demand by one-third. We need to transform our  transportation system because as much as 65 percent of energy used in  transportation will need to come from low-emission sources. At the same  time, in the power sector, we need at least 75 percent of our  electricity to come from clean sources by 2050.   Getting there will not be easy, but we have the technologies that are  necessary for this to be possible. We have the momentum in the markets  to get renewable energy to every corner of this country. We are  ushering our power sector into a clean energy future that is good for  our environment and good for our economy, as Senator Carper said. In  the early 2020s, it could be cheaper to build new renewables from  scratch than to continue operating old, dirty, coal-fired power plants.  That is not a conspiracy; that is called competition.   Adam Smith is smiling in his grave, looking at this competition  unfold. The cost of solar has fallen 50 to 60 percent over the last 5  to 6 years. In fact, wind and solar are generally cheaper than coal and  nuclear energy right now. That is not just happening here. Half of all  electricity installed around the world last year was renewable. Let me  say it again. Last year, half of all new electricity on the planet was  renewable. Renewable energy deployment around the world has increased  by 8 percent a year for 7 years in a row, and there is no likelihood  that it is going to change.   Globally, more than 330 billion dollars was invested in clean energy  just last year. This is a global clean energy race. It is a global job  creation race, and we cannot let nations like China and India and  others win that race. We have to push ourselves harder. Right now, we  have more than 50,000 megawatts installed in the United States. By the  end of 2022, we could have over 250,000 megawatts of wind and solar  installed if we would just continue at the pace on which we are right  now and don't allow Donald Trump and his cronies to roll back those  advances.   We now have five times as many workers in the solar industry as we do  in coal mining in the United States. In 2016, we added as many jobs in  the solar industry as exist in the coal mining industry. By 2020, we  will have 500,000 Americans working in wind and solar. Who are these  workers? They are electricians. They are roofers. They are carpenters.  They are blue-collar workers all across this country. We have unleashed  a blue-collar job revolution in this country. There are hundreds of  thousands of people working in it with there being a direct assault  from the White House going against those workers every single day.  Blue-collar workers are workers who, right now, are five times larger  in number than are the coal miners in our country. It will be  machinists to build advanced fuel-efficient vehicles. It will be  American electricians retrofitting energy-efficient buildings. It will  be American roofers installing solar panels. Clean energy is the  greatest force for blue-collar, high-wage job creation in a generation.   While we have a responsibility to protect the livelihoods of the  millions of Americans who work in energy efficiency, clean energy,  clean vehicles, and clean fuels, we need to make sure that those  working in fossil fuel industries are supported throughout this clean  energy transition.   I thank Senator Merkley. I thank Senator Carper. I thank all of the  Members who have worked on these issues that move us toward a 100- percent renewable future. We need a green new deal for our country. Now  we just have to exert the political will to make it a reality.   I thank everyone for all of their work on this issue. In 2019, we are  going to raise every one of these climate issues in the context of a  massive job creation effort. We are going to save all of creation by  engaging in massive blue-collar job creation in our country.   I yield the floor.   