 Mr. Chairman, I would like to commend both Mr.  Courtney and Mr. Wittman for their tireless effort on the Seapower and  Projection Forces Subcommittee.   As they have already stated, our Navy is being squeezed and  desperately needs more ships, especially submarines. Numerous civilian  and military officials, including Secretary Mattis, have testified  about the need for these submarines.   The goal of this amendment to ensure the Navy has the necessary  resources in 2019 so that they can officially pursue and negotiate the  multiyear contract is extremely important.   Again, I want to thank the gentleman from Connecticut and my  colleague from Virginia for their hard work.   Mr. Chair, following are my remarks in their entirety:   I would like to commend both Mr. Courtney and Mr. Wittman for their  tireless work on the Seapower Subcommittee on the House Armed Services  Committee supporting our nation's Navy and our shipbuilding industrial  base. As I have the honor of representing Newport News, Virginia, home  to thousands of shipbuilders, I appreciate their work and commitment to  this issue.   As Mr. Courtney and Mr. Wittman have already stated, our Navy is  being squeezed and desperately needs more ships, especially Virginia- class attack submarines. Numerous civilian and military officials,  including Defense Secretary Mattis, have testified before Congress that  we need more submarines. And that's the goal of this amendment--to  ensure that the Navy has the necessary resources in FY2019 that they  would need in order to efficiently pursue and negotiate the next  multiyear block contract in the early 2020.   Specifically, this amendment provides funding for a submarine  reactor, industrial base support and other critical items. The  amendment does not bind Congress or the Navy into any specific course  of action. If the Navy opts not to pursue the option to purchase  additional submarines, that reactor and other material purchases with  these funds will be absorbed into submarines that the Navy has already  contracted to buy.   Our shipbuilding industrial base is critical to our national  security. Making these investments today will both save money for our  Navy and provide more certainty for our shipbuilders. This amendment is  supported by unions, the Navy League, and retired flag officers.   Mr. Chair, we have heard warnings for years that our submarine fleet  is at risk of dropping to levels that would make in incredibly  difficult for the Navy to achieve its mission. This amendment guards  against that from becoming a reality.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment so that Congress can  preserve the option for the Navy to build as many submarines as  possible, and as cost-effective as possible, in the next five-year  block contract.   