 Mr. President, yesterday Facebook, Google, and Twitter  removed hundreds of pages, groups, and accounts of Iranian and Russian  individuals who had coordinated attacks to try to influence our  election. Earlier this week, conservative think tanks, Republican  groups, and Senate official sites were targeted by Russian hackers.  Today, the Democratic National Committee just detected and announced  what it believes was a sophisticated attack to try to hack into its  database system--very similar to the attack Hillary Clinton's campaign  had during the 2016 election time period. Today, we postponed in the  Senate a committee debating election security.   Clearly, states such as Russia, Iran, North Korea, and others are  trying to influence our elections. They demonstrated the capability,  the willingness, and the intent to come after us to try to influence  us. They are looking for vulnerabilities in States, not to necessarily  pick one candidate over another but to sow chaos and use information  against us.   These same nation states are also pursuing independent hackers--not  necessarily working for their government at all but just individual  hackers who are willing to be hired to do whatever these nation states  want them to do or to hack in and get information and then sell that  information to a nation state that might be interested in it.   Election security is not a partisan issue; it is a democracy issue.  We should take the security of our next election seriously, just as we  take the security of our infrastructure, our banking system, our power  and electrical grid, and our water seriously. Those are areas that need  to be secured. I am disappointed that there was yet another delay in  working through that on election security. But I do appreciate the work  of the Rules Committee and what they are doing to continue to refine  this.   I do anticipate that in the days ahead, we will have a hearing on  this issue, and it will move to this floor for final passage. The bill  that is being debated is pretty straightforward.   It requires voter-verified paper audit trails. In order to receive  any kind of Federal funding, they have to have some way to audit their  elections.   It requires that all States that take Federal money to help them in  their election systems also conduct post-election audits that are  determined by the States. It is not a reason for the Federal Government  to step in and tell the States how to do that; that is uniquely a role  of the States.  [[Page S5822]]    It requires communication between the States and the Federal  Government on election infrastructure breaches. There are ways to do  that, to honor the States' authority to run their elections but still  understand that we have vulnerability nationwide if any one State is  vulnerable. I heard the arguments on the bill and on information  sharing, but I would say that it is clear that an attack on any one  State, on any one county, could jeopardize the integrity of our  Nation's election security system.   I have heard that States may not need to conduct their own post- election audits. It has been kind of a ``trust us; things will work out  fine.'' The challenge I have with that is that five States in the  United States right now and as of this election coming up in November  will not be able to even do a post-audit election on their systems.  Nine additional States have some counties within their States that  cannot do a post-election audit. So the problem with ``trust me'' is  that there is no way to be able to verify on the back side. I get  ``trust me'' but no verification.   The bill that is coming through, the Secure Elections Act that Amy  Klobuchar from Minnesota and I are working so hard to work through the  system, allows the States to run their own election systems and allows  for the flexibility that the States absolutely need in the vendors they  choose to use and all the details they choose on that, but it requires  the simple ability to audit their systems after it is over so that no  nation state, no group of hackers can stand up and say ``We did it''  and there is no way to be able to prove them wrong. Audits are not  recounts; audits just give voters confidence that the vote they cast  was counted.   To be clear, we have advanced a tremendous amount since the 2016 time  period. The Department of Homeland Security has done a lot to help  protect our system. States have stepped up significantly to protect  their systems, but there is more to go.   The DHS now has security clearances for election officials or has the  capability to have an immediate security conversation with every single  State in the United States. That is important because in 2016 that  didn't occur, and the threat against the United States could not be  communicated to the States sometimes for months, sometimes for over a  year. That has been fixed.   There has been cyber assistance that has been offered to every single  State, and many of those States have taken it. The DHS has been able to  work with individual States and to check their systems to make sure  they are secure, and it has been able to provide filters so as to  filter out malicious hackers on top of their already consistent filters  that are there. This is to provide a kind of belt-and-suspenders  protection for their election systems.   The DHS has already given priority to any requests from any State  that asks for election assistance. The DHS will literally take people  off of other assignments in order to get those individuals to the  election officials of any State that asks for it, and all requests from  every State that has asked for additional assistance have been  fulfilled.   Recently, the DHS also ran what it called the ``Tabletop the Vote  2018.'' It ran a national cyber exercise in order to practice how this  would work, what would work, and what vulnerabilities there would be.  The DHS received tremendous feedback from the States as it did the  exercise. It participated with the States and found out where they  could share information. The DHS has set up a tremendous resource for  election day itself so as to watch out for malicious attacks during  election day and the runup to the election and to make sure it has  rapid communication.   None of that existed in 2016. That is real progress, but we have to  get some of these legislative solutions in place as well. At the end of  the day, States are going to control their elections, but I don't  expect every State in the United States to protect itself against a  foreign attack. It is the Federal Government's responsibility to step  in and help protect our systems. We are trying to hit this balance with  the Secure Elections Act, wherein the States would run their elections,  the Federal Government would do its part, and the American people would  do their part by stepping up to vote and have confidence in knowing  their votes actually count.   Congress needs to pass this legislation. We need to move it across  the committee line and across this floor because the election issues  that we are facing right now are not going away and are not getting  easier, and States could use our help. It is about time we stepped up  and did it.   I yield the floor.   