 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, my amendment would increase the Defense Nuclear  Nonproliferation program by $97 million. To offset this increase, my  amendment funds the nuclear weapons activities program at $460 million  above its FY 2018 appropriation. That is right, Mr. Chairman.   This amendment returns the nonproliferation account to its FY 2018  enacted level of funding, and still provides the nuclear weapons  activities program nearly a half a billion-dollar increase.   I would say this amendment is a simple trade off: support for nuclear  proliferation at the expense of nuclear clear weapons. But the numbers  reveal this amendment offers us not so much as a tradeoff as it does a  win-win solution by making nonproliferation whole again while  sacrificing relatively little in terms of nuclear weapons spending.  That is because this underlying bill includes more than $180 million  above what the President is requesting for nuclear weapons activities  in FY 2019 and $557 million above the FY 2018 appropriation. That makes  this a win-win amendment, Mr. Chairman.   Both of these accounts fund nonproliferation and stockpile reduction  programs that I think we can all support. But I fear we are  underfunding nonproliferation in a manner inconsistent with our stated  security priorities.   In the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review, the administration stated:  ``Nuclear terrorism remains among the most significant threats to the  security of the United States, our allies, and partners.''   The National Nuclear Security Administration's Defense Nuclear  Nonproliferation program works globally to prevent state and non-state  actors from developing nuclear weapons or acquiring weapons-usable  nuclear or radiological materials, equipment, technology, and  expertise. This includes programs for nuclear material removal,  international nuclear security, nuclear smuggling detection deterrence,  international nuclear safeguards, and nuclear detonation detection. It  also includes the Nuclear Counterterrorism and Incident Response  program. However, the administration's rhetorical concern for nuclear  terrorism is, sadly, not matched by its budget request or the funding  level provided in this bill.   Additionally, I am concerned that the current funding level does not  help us lay the groundwork for the immense nonproliferation challenge  now posed by a possible denuclearization agreement all of us hope will  occur on the Korean Peninsula.   The administration's Nuclear Posture Review declared, ``North Korea's  illicit nuclear program must be completely, verifiably, and  irreversibly eliminated.'' I share that goal. If you want to ensure  that inspectors for the International Atomic Energy Agency have the  training and expertise they need to implement a complete, verifiable,  and irreversible denuclearization program for North Korea, then you  must support the Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation program and you do  not want to see it cut by $97 million.   Additionally, there are nuclear weapons programs funded in this bill  that are unnecessary, such as funding for the development of low-yield  nuclear weapons and an uncertain plan for the expansion of plutonium  pit production. Eliminating both of these programs would help return  the nonproliferation program to its 2018 level.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time is left on my  side.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Ohio (Ms. Kaptur).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Chairman, I do have a list of projects totalling  between $100 million and $190 million that could be funded with this  $97 million.   I would also just add, and then I will yield back, given the fact  that the President ripped up the Iran nuclear agreement that was  working, we are going to have to spend a lot more money in Iran. And  given the fact that we are having a summit with North Korea, hopefully,  we are going to have to spend a lot more money in North Korea.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   