 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this resolution. If  this was oversight, I would be in strong support of any effort to seek  production, but it is not.   This is not oversight. It is collaboration with the Executive  masquerading as oversight. Or if this is oversight, it is oversight of  the most obsequious kind.   It is oversight in the nature of: How may we serve you, dear  President? It is oversight that asks: What is your will, dear  President? It is oversight that says: We are not worthy, dear  President.   It is oversight that says: We shall seek, but you shall find, Mr.  President, because what we obtained we shall provide to your legal  defense team, or we shall selectively leak or misrepresent in your  service.   It is oversight in the nature of not desiring an outcome, not  desiring the production of documents, but, rather, the production of a  fight, the production of a pretext to give the dear President a pretext  to fire Rod Rosenstein or Bob Mueller.   I have served on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence now  for almost a decade, and while I cannot disclose the number of FISA  applications during the course of those 10 years, I can tell you the  number of times that my Republican colleagues have sought the  underlying investigatory materials behind a specific FISA application,  and that number is one. That case is this case, and that case just  happens to implicate our dear President.   It is not that there are no areas that call out for oversight right  now. There are too many to count. Why is it that after sanctioning ZTE  for violating Iran sanctions and violating North Korea sanctions, the  President abruptly changed course out of an ostensible concern for  Chinese jobs? Is it because the Chinese invested $500 million in a  Trump-branded property? That is worthy of oversight.   Is the First Family seeking to do business with Gulf or other allies  while making U.S. policy? Is U.S. policy for sale? That is worthy of  oversight.   Is the President seeking to raise postal rates on Amazon to punish  The Washington Post and suppress the freedom of press? That is worthy  of oversight.   But none of this is oversight. Speaker Boehner recently said that the  Republican Party was off taking a nap somewhere. If that is so, then  despite the best efforts of our capable ranking member, Elijah  Cummings, the Oversight and Government Reform Committee that should be  doing this oversight is in the midst of the deepest slumber.   Wake up, my colleagues, and do your jobs. Wake up and end this  duplicitous attack on the Department of Justice and the FBI and our  special counsel because this is surely not oversight. It is not what  oversight looks like. But it is what an attack on the rule of law looks  like. It is what happens when we whittle away our democracy one piece  by terrible piece.    When this chapter of our history is written, it will condemn the  actions of a President who little understands or respects the  institutions of our democracy. But it will reserve some of the harshest  criticism for this Congress that enabled him, this Congress that knew  its responsibility but failed to live up to it.   Wake up, Republican Party. Wake up, my colleagues. The country needs  you.    Wake up, my colleagues. True oversight, when the  President occupies the same party as the majority in Congress, requires  that majority to put country over party. It is incompatible with the  corrupting principle of party over everything else.   Wake up, my colleagues, and do your jobs.   