 I don't want to cut him off.    Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Why do you think I am  smiling all time?   I just wanted to come and say I am really excited about joining your  freshman class next year with Sam Johnson, Tom Rooney, Jeb Hensarling,  Ileana Ros-Lehtinen. There is a number of us who will be joining the  freshman class.   This is my 20th year serving here. I have learned, 20 years with  three teenagers at home, sometimes you have just got to make the right  decision for the right reasons, and I am very comfortable with the  decision I have made because I did it for the right reasons. And so I  look forward to that next chapter. I look forward to reaching out to  some of you, people I have known a long time, about how that next  chapter looks.   I just want to say one thing. You don't take Bears fans; right?  Because I don't want to join any Chicago Bears fans in this thing.   I see Jerry Weller over there. So we have got some pretty big  rivalries that we have had throughout the years.   You turn on the TV and you think it is nothing but a snake pit and it  is nothing but just vitriol. We just passed about 70 opioid bills that  we bundled together, massive bipartisan vote; WRRDA, massive bipartisan  vote; FAA, massive bipartisan vote. So about 80 percent of what we do  through here, we are running, on average, about 350 votes for. So,  believe it or not, there is a lot that is getting done.   We have passed about 800 bills, this session, of the House. It is a  pretty big pace. That place over there has got about 550 of those bills  stacked on top of them. Two hundred bills have received around 400  votes in the House.   So we are pleased that they are staying in August to kind of work on  this list, but there are a great deal of things that we have been able  to get out of here on big issues, whether it is defense, national  security, veterans, basic health research, opioid epidemics, that  really are bipartisan. And then we do have the partisan issues, whether  it is tax policy or welfare reform on the farm bill. Those things are,  more or less, partisan, but the place is working.    That is the point I want to leave you with. The place is working,  does work, and this new social media, cable TV ratings chase age we are  in, it is a different system. We are going to have to figure out how to  navigate this system. We are going to have to figure out how to make  sure the body politic in our Republic and our sense of civility still  lasts and persists in this system. We are in this strange, unchartered  territory right now. So I look forward, frankly, to thinking about  those issues and how to overcome those when I have a little time to  think when I am out of here.   But the one thing I do think former Members could be really helpful  in is trying to figure out how do we still keep that sense of unity and  civility with big differences of philosophical and idealogical opinions  while moving the country forward. That is something we are all going to  have to think about in this new sort of digital 21st century age we  find ourselves in. That is one thing I actually look forward to  thinking about when I am done with this.   So I just wanted to come and say welcome. I am happy to answer a few  questions. I have got to open Conference at 9, so I have got a few  minutes.    Thank you, Cliff.    Yes. I have thought about this a bit. I think  results will ultimately matter, not the acrimony in between, but  actually achieving results.   And I think the kind of anxiety we have in the country, which is  exploited by both fringes from both sides, can be reduced a bit if we  have reduced economic anxiety in the country. We are beginning to  reduce economic anxiety in the country. Getting the military rebuilt  and veterans fixed will help us reduce national security anxiety.   But reducing anxiety means we sort of take away the oxygen that gives  a lot of breathing room and life to preying on that anxiety, and it  happens on all sides this day.   Tim.    I think, because we did CARA, which was 2015,  we put dollars and resources out in the communities at the county  level, for the most part. Then we got a lot of feedback and learned a  lot of lessons, and then your committee did a lot of research on pharma  and pharmaceuticals and all of that, and prescriptions, which gave us  the result of, I think it is, 48 bills. I am going off the top of my  head.   Because of the way the Senate works, we realized we are just going to  have to package all of this stuff, put it in one big bill, H.R. 6, send  it over there so they can just take it in a slug, because there is no  way they could process all that legislation. So it was a really big  effort, and I believe they are going to get that through.   I think they will get through a couple of our infrastructure bills.   What is really interesting--and I am going off your topic--is this  appropriations process is broken. Some of you are former appropriators.  I don't think there will ever be a day where the Senate can process 12  appropriation bills. I just don't think they will never do it.   So we had the Joint Select Committee redesign the budget process. It  is bicameral and bipartisan. I am very hopeful that they can produce a  new process. I think biennial is probably a pretty smart way to go,  maybe split the appropriations in half, six this year, six the next  year, due in 2 years, something like that, because we are just doing  CRs and omnis, and that is not good.   But this year, I think we might get three to six appropriation bills  in law before the fiscal year, knock on wood. So we haven't done that  since we have been in the majority. We passed, like, two 3 years ago.   Yes, Phil.    Thank you. I appreciate that. Thank you.    Oh, yes, I remember you, Bob. You got new  glasses. I didn't recognize you at first. Good to see you.    Not really. The authorizing committee process  works pretty well. We do suspensions fairly often. The minority gets  one, we get two, you know, out of the deal, and those are only signed  off by committees of jurisdiction. It is the appropriation committee's  work that has basically been circumvented because we have omnibuses and  CRs.   The authorizing committees do work. The Energy and Commerce  Committee, they are the ones in charge, with Ways and Means, of all  these opioid bills. Ways and Means did the tax bill. Every big bill,  FAA, WRRDA, Transportation marked it up, brought it to the floor. So  that committee process is working. The authorizing committee process  totally, absolutely, fundamentally does work.   Appropriations is broken, and it is not because of the Appropriations  Committee. It is, honestly, when it takes 60 votes to do anything over  there, you don't do anything.   Last year, we passed all 12 bills before the fiscal year, but they  just piled up, and I just don't think we are ever going to do 12 bills,  12 conference reports, all of that done before the fiscal year. In this  day and age, we spend all our time doing that and then do it all over  again next year.   So I think we need a new appropriating system, and that is,  hopefully, what this committee we created in the omni will come up  with. It is a bicameral and bipartisan joint select committee, and we  want them to bring the results after the election so it is not  politicized.    Keep me on the schedule. Good to see you, guys  and gals. Thank you.   