 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member  Maxine Waters for the excellent leadership she has provided in working  with our chairman, Jeb Hensarling, in putting together this very good  package.   I also want to thank my colleague, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Loudermilk), my Republican colleague, and his staff for his leadership  on what is title 8, the exchange regulatory improvement title, which  mirrors the work that I did, as the gentlewoman from California (Ms.  Maxine Waters) mentioned, as the Democratic lead on H.R. 3555.   Mr. Speaker, I want to also mention that we spent about a year  working on this because it was so important that we give clarification  and modernization to the term ``facility.'' That term dates all the way  back to 1934. That is 84 years ago. So we needed to make some changes  because of the fact that there are many business lines, such as e- mortgage registries, data analytics, and regulatory compliance  software, that are obsolete now and have nothing to do with and are  completely unrelated to the exchange's core business, which is  facilitating transactions.   What my colleague Mr. Loudermilk and I are simply trying to do is  this: If there is a product or business that the exchange has that is  totally unrelated to the transactions of the exchange, then that  product should be exempt from SEC oversight. Our bill does this by  simply asking the SEC, or Securities and Exchange Commission, to set  forth the facts and the circumstances that it considers when  determining whether a business line is, in fact, a facility.   I want to make this final point, and I want to be crystal clear here.  It is vitally important that the SEC retain oversight of the important  exchange functions.    We ran out at 2 minutes there. But this  is very important, because when you are making changes, you want to  make clear that you are not taking away any important and critical  oversight and authority from the SEC.   So I want to make a point that we work hard to make sure that the SEC  retains oversight of important exchange functions, such as those  related to exchange market data, listing standards, member and market  regulation, colocation, and order routing services. We, the drafters of  the bill, do not take away any authority from the SEC.   