 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer legislation to combat  another front in our battle against the scourge of opioid addiction.   I commend Chairman Walden and Dr. Burgess, Mr. Pallone, and Mr.  [[Page H5060]]  Green for their leadership in bringing 26 bills to the floor addressing  the many sides of the far-reaching opioid crisis. This epidemic has  challenged every community and every walk of life in this Nation.   Today, I offer the Eliminating Opioid Related Infectious Diseases  Act, legislation I have had the honor of authoring. My cosponsor is our  colleague on the Energy and Commerce Committee, Congressman Joseph P.  Kennedy III of Massachusetts.   We must do more to stop the spread of infectious diseases resulting  from opioid abuse. I know this is a difficult subject because we are  discussing HIV and other related topics, but we need to be honest and  realistic about these public health challenges because this is not just  about helping those with addiction. Families, including children, are  being exposed to terrible infections at an alarming rate.   The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention must implement a plan  to turn this tide and combat the public health consequences of these  deadly trends. According to surveillance data released last month by  the CDC, new cases of hepatitis C rose by a staggering 350 percent  nationwide between 2010 and 2016. The time to move, obviously, is now.   This bipartisan endeavor makes sure that the CDC has the tools it  needs and that those facing an opioid addiction are educated for the  safety of themselves and their families. Our efforts provide the CDC  with $40 million, annually, to carry out this mission.   The Energy and Commerce Committee has produced results for the  American people in response to many public health challenges, but  especially recently against opioid addiction. The Opioid State Targeted  Response grants created by the 21st Century Cures Act delivered $13  million to my home State of New Jersey and additional resources across  the United States. The Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act was one  of the most important pieces of legislation last Congress.   This bill and the others we are discussing today are in the public  health interest of the American people. This is the way Congress should  operate: in a bipartisan capacity.   I am very proud to have been involved in this effort. Those who have  fallen victim to addiction must be able to reclaim their lives.  Stopping the spread of deadly infections will mean one fewer hurdle to  overcome.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on this piece of legislation.   