 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, yesterday the Republican leader began  his speech with a quote of mine. Let me begin mine with a quote of his.  ``We're going to plow right through it.'' That is Leader McConnell: We  are going to plow right through it. He was speaking to the Values Voter  Summit about serious allegations of sexual misconduct by Supreme Court  nominee Judge Kavanaugh. ``We're going to plow right through it.'' Does  that sound like someone who is treating these allegations with respect  and fairness and evenhandedness? Does it sound like someone who wants  to get at the real facts no matter where they fall? Certainly not to me  and not to the American people.   Then, yesterday, Leader McConnell brought the debate to a new low by  calling the allegations against Judge Kavanaugh a ``Democratic smear  job.'' Never mind that Leader McConnell has no evidence--no evidence  whatsoever--that the recent allegations were contrived by Democrats.  They were not. Never mind that Leader McConnell has no evidence--no  evidence whatsoever--that the events in question took place or didn't  take place. It seems likely they did, but he has no evidence one way or  the other because he will not even ask for an investigation of it.   He then unilaterally declared the accounts of multiple women to be  ``manufactured mud,'' part of a partisan smear campaign. Let me address  these comments directly that these allegations are part of a  ``Democratic smear job.''   First, these allegations did not originate with Democrats. These  women came forward with principle and courage, knowing they would face  abuse and lasting personal pain for doing so, but realizing they had an  obligation to the country, they did so anyway.   Dr. Ford came forward and shared her story voluntarily and on her own  initiative. She wasn't put up by a Democrat or Republican or anybody  else. It came from her heart. The idea that these allegations were  cooked up or instigated or encouraged by Democrats in Congress is  patently absurd and a real insult to the members of the Judiciary  Committee and the Members of this Chamber. It is against the spirit, if  not the letter, of our Senate rules.   Addressing the second part of McConnell's claim, that is even worse.  Democrats and Republican are always throwing charges at each other, but  the idea that this is a smear job--whatever you think of the veracity  of the allegations, it is shameful--shameful--to doubt the women's  sincerity. To say they are making it up and to discredit their sincere  testimony is nothing more than a partisan hit job.   For too long, people in positions of power have dismissed accounts  made by women before any evidence could be brought forward as  politically motivated or character assassination. We have come a long  way in this country, and we have to be better than that--better than  the low standard Senator McConnell has set.   At a minimum, we must respect these women and Judge Kavanaugh by  handling these allegations with the seriousness they deserve. Leader  McConnell owes an apology to Dr. Ford for labeling her allegations a  ``smear job.'' Let me repeat that. Leader McConnell owes an apology to  Dr. Ford for labeling her allegations a ``smear job,'' and he should  apologize to her immediately.   It is galling--galling--for the Republican leader, who has done more  than maybe anyone else to politicize the Supreme Court nomination  process, to make these trumped-up, hyperbolic charges of partisanship  by Democrats.   It is a sad habit of Republicans to accuse the other side of doing  what they, in fact, are doing. It happens over and over. That seems to  be the case here, as Democrats have over and over urged the FBI to help  investigate these allegations, to get to the bottom of it, to get to  the truth, while Republicans block any investigation and plow right  through with their nominee.   It is simple. If Leader McConnell were truly concerned about these  allegations being swept up in partisanship, he would join us in calling  for an FBI background investigation, which can be performed quietly,  soberly, quickly, and effectively, without fuss, without muss, and  without any circus atmosphere. That is the way to get this done. The  only reason it hasn't happened is that both the President and Leader  McConnell have blocked it, as well as Senator Grassley. Don't they want  the truth? They say they do, but their actions belie that because they  will not even entertain a background check, which the FBI does over and  over, to find out the facts. I think they are afraid of the facts.    Why doesn't Judge Kavanaugh call for an FBI investigation? He went on  TV last night and said they are not true. If they are not true, he has  nothing to fear from an FBI background investigation, and he should  want it, no  [[Page S6287]]  matter what Leader McConnell and President Trump say. Why doesn't he  call for it? Is he afraid of the facts?   So I challenge you, Leader McConnell. If you are so convinced this is  a smear campaign, you will have no problem with an FBI investigation to  prove your case. Come to the floor. Come now. Join me in asking the  White House to reopen the background check. Let's get the politics out  of it. Let's root out the facts. Let's get to the truth--no  histrionics, no smearing, no name-calling--as they said in Dragnet,  just the facts.   Labeling this a partisan smear job demeans not only the Senators in  my caucus, who I know are doing everything they can to treat these  allegations with caution and respect for both Dr. Ford and Judge  Kavanaugh, but it demeans many, many women who have come forward of  their own volition, knowingly inviting abuse, to share their stories.  They share them not because they simply want their stories to be told.  They want to prevent it from happening again and again and again in the  future. They want to protect their daughters and their granddaughters  from this kind of stuff, which, as we have seen in the last year or  two, has been all too real, all too frequent. They are doing a noble  thing. Then, to slander them by calling what Dr. Ford said a smear job  is outrageous, demeaning, wrong. Again, Leader McConnell should rethink  what he said in the heat of the moment and apologize to Dr. Ford.   So what is really going on here? Why are Republicans falsely claiming  that credible allegations are being made for political reasons? Because  their nominee to the Supreme Court, frankly, has a gigantic credibility  problem.   In his testimony before the Judiciary Committee, Judge Kavanaugh  misled the committee on numerous occasions regarding his involvement in  some of the ugliest controversies of the Bush administration, including  the Bush administration's policies on torture, the confirmation of some  deeply flawed judges, like William Pryor and Charles Pickering, and his  knowledge of the odious theft of Democratic email records by a  Republican staff member named Manny Miranda. In all of those, Judge  Kavanaugh did not come clean. He did not tell the truth and nothing but  the truth, but far, far from it.   Judge Kavanaugh was in the thick of all of those things as a top  political operative in the Bush White House and yet denied any  involvement. Here again, with these new allegations brought forward by  Dr. Ford and others, Judge Kavanaugh is again issuing blanket denials,  but the question looms: Is he credible? Is he credible?   He is opposed to having the FBI investigate, as is the majority  leader and as is President Trump. None of them want the facts to come  out. They just want to ``plow right through it.'' If not for the  courage of a handful of Republican Senators, we wouldn't have even had  the hearing. Leader McConnell and Senator Grassley did not want  hearings--even hearings, which they are now saying are fair and right.  But a few Republican Senators, to their credit, said: We have to have  hearings. At least let's hear this woman out.   I didn't hear them calling this a smear job, thank God. They said:  Let's get the facts.   Again, to repeat, the best way to get the facts is not to just plow  through it. It is to have the FBI do what they have always done when  new information comes up involving a nominee they may have already  checked out: Reopen the background check and check out these new facts.  It will not take long. It will be done quietly and in private, and then  the Judiciary Committee members, on both sides of the aisle, can learn  the same facts, done by an objective observer. That is all the American  people want.   The American people see what is going on. They are looking at Judge  Kavanaugh, and they are finding him less and less credible. That is why  his nomination is in deep trouble. Perhaps that is why, in poll after  poll, the plurality of Americans say Judge Kavanaugh should not be  confirmed.   Let us get the facts. Let us stop smearing women who have the courage  to come forward. Let's get to the bottom of this in a correct,  appropriate, and dignified way. That is what the American people want,  and that is what we should be doing in a bipartisan way in this  Chamber.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   