 Mr. President, when we debated the Dodd-Frank bill in 2010,  I concentrated most of my effort on talking about the third portion-- the third third of the bill; it is one of those several-hundred page  bills again--but this was kind of hidden at the end, something called  the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, known as the CFPB.   I opposed its creation during the debate. I opposed it because it is  not a government agency under any way, shape, form, or rule that we  have. There is no control whatsoever over this group. The makeup of the  Bureau is quite unique in that a sole Director, rather than a  bipartisan commission, is the singular decision maker of the agency,  and it doesn't even require approval by Congress for who that person is  or the length of their term. Furthermore, the Bureau is not subjected  to the congressional appropriations process, having guaranteed money  from the Federal Reserve to fund the agency's existence.    How does that work? Well, they get a percentage of the revenue of the  Federal Reserve that would normally come to the Federal Government and  then be allocated. They get it before it comes to the Federal  Government, so they are outside the control of an appropriations  process. They have guaranteed money. Not only do they have guaranteed  money, they have a guaranteed inflation factor built into their money.  It is feasible that with enough inflation, they could control the  entire revenue from the Federal Reserve. That funding source is more  assured than Social Security. And if the agency is running amuck,  Congress has no ability to use the appropriations process to bring  oversight to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. That is a great  name. It seems to protect it, even if that is not primarily what it  seems to be doing. I am only picking on a very small portion of that  with this bill.   You may be familiar with something called the transparent General  Schedule for Federal employees, often referred to as the ``GS scale.''  It is the primary way that the government ensures that Federal employee  salaries are appropriate and reasonable. This pay scale, however,  doesn't apply to the least accountable agency in the Federal  Government--you guessed it, the CFPB.   At the CFPB, the Director has the sole discretion to determine  employees' salaries. Government employees at the CFPB--if you want to  call them government employees, because they are really outside any  control by the government, either the executive branch or legislative  branch, and it takes a court case to get it to the judicial branch-- government employees at the CFPB receive some of the highest paychecks  of all Federal workers. According to data my office obtained from the  Office of Personnel Management and the CFPB itself, there were over 170  employees at the CFPB who were paid salaries in 2017 that ranged from  $180,000 to $259,000. To put this in perspective, in 2017, the highest  paid appointees in the White House were paid salaries of $179,000-- $1,000 less than the minimum of these 170 employees at the CFPB. Over  170 employees at the CFPB receive more pay than the highest paid White  House staffers, and 102 employees of the CFPB make more in annual  salary than any of our State Governors. A Supreme Court Justice is paid  an annual salary of $251,000. Six staff members at the CFPB were paid  more than that, and there is no control, so it can go higher. It is  based on what the Director approves. In 2017, approximately 47  employees had a salary higher than the Vice President's.   It is true that top executives at the big banks can make a hefty  penny in their industry, but the whole of the American banking industry  doesn't see this type of wealth. These are our community bankers and  our credit unions and institutions that support Main Street America.  According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the average bank employee  salary is $63,000. And guess who makes more than these bankers. Their  regulators, like the CFPB.   Last year, Congressman Sean Duffy of Wisconsin and I introduced the  CFPB Pay Fairness Act to rein in the CFPB's rates of pay. I am offering  this bill as an amendment to the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief,  and Consumer Protection Act. The amendment requires the Director of the  CFPB to set the basic rate of pay in accordance with the GS scale--the  same fairness scale that everybody else works under. The GS scale  provides information to the public on the credentials of Federal  employees, with each level requiring qualification standards, such as  education and years of experience.   As it stands, the CFPB does not provide any qualification standards  for its employees' pay, nor is it transparent to the American people or  even the CFPB's own employees. This proved to  [[Page S1417]]  be an issue when in 2016 the Government Accountability Office  investigated allegations of discrimination at the CFPB. Thirty-three  percent of the CFPB employee respondents to the GAO--Government  Accountability Office--indicated they believed their pay was not  commensurate with their skills, work experience, and education.   Because of the way the CFPB was created in the Dodd-Frank legislation  that we are working on right now, Congress failed to impose the usual  constitutional checks to rein in this behavior. Congress needs to bring  accountability to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and we  should start with the Bureau's lavish spending on employee salaries.  This commonsense amendment would ensure that the Bureau is keeping  employees' salaries in line with the regular government pay scale,  which promotes transparency and equity in pay across the Federal  Government.   There is a lot more that I could say about this Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau, but I want to concentrate on the fact that they are  paid substantially more than anybody else in government, and we have no  control over it. There is only one person who does, and that is the one  who gets the job as Director--which was taken to court since even the  President can't fire that person, no matter which President it is. So  this is just one of the things that make it an unusual organization.   From my experience, they aren't doing what they said they would do at  the time that they said it needed to be created. Instead, they are  harassing different businesses until these businesses pay a fine, and  that fine goes into a slush fund for them that they can give out to  ones that we would never approve for any money from the Federal  Government.   They have this guaranteed revenue. In checking, I find out they are  supposed to spend all of it. The Director can set the salaries and has  very little firing capability to go along with that. But they are paid  an inordinate amount compared to everybody else in government,  including Supreme Court Justices, the Vice President, and other people  who work around here. The highest paid people at the White House make  $1,000 less than the lowest paid of these 170 workers.   I hope people consider this amendment to bring a degree of fairness  and transparency so we know what the agency is doing. It is only in the  way of salaries, but that is a good starting place.   I yield the floor.   