 Mr. President, I would like to spend time this  afternoon talking about something I continue to hear about in Wyoming.  I heard about it a lot over the past week. I heard about it last night  in Sundance, WY. It is the Endangered Species Act.   The Endangered Species Act became law in 1973. That was 45 years ago.  It was a bipartisan vote. The law has resulted in a lot of great work  to save species from extinction. We have seen species such as the bald  eagle come back from the brink of being almost completely wiped out.  That is a great example of what this law was intended to do--to  identify species in danger and to help them recover.   The problem is that there aren't enough examples like the bald eagle  to point to because the goal of the law was to help species get to the  point where they no longer needed the protection of the Endangered  Species Act. We would put them on the list, they would recover, and  then they would come off the list. That was the goal of the bipartisan  legislation. That is how it was supposed to work.   Let's look at what has actually happened. Since the law was put on  the books, Washington has put 2,424 different species of plants and  animals on the list. Only 54 have ever come off the list because they  actually recovered. That is just 54 species in 45 years. That is less  than 3 percent. I am a doctor. As a doctor, if I were to admit 100  patients to the hospital and only 3 out of every 100 I admitted  recovered enough to be discharged, maybe those patients ought to look  for a different doctor. We are now in the same situation the Endangered  Species Act.   When it comes to the Endangered Species Act, the status quo is not  good enough. We need to do more than just put species on the list and  leave them in the intensive care unit without a plan for recovery; we  need to see them actually recover. That is the whole point.   The Endangered Species Act has not been substantially amended or  updated in 30 years. That is a long time for a law to stay on the books  without actually trying to improve it--and improvement is necessary.  Americans across the country are telling us it is time. The Endangered  Species Act needs to be modernized. As a former Governor of Wyoming,  Dave Freudenthal, who came back to testify in front of the Environment  and Public Works Committee, said, ``It just has too much sand in the  gears.''   Well, maybe the problem with the Endangered Species Act doesn't seem  so clear to bureaucrats in Washington, DC, but when you go out West to  places like my home State of Wyoming, the problems are obvious. We see  how the law is failing to help species. We see it every day in Wyoming,  and it comes up continually in my discussions with folks at home. We  see how it is failing the communities--communities that suffer under  the law's ineffective and burdensome redtape. That is why States in the  West are tackling this issue when Washington, DC, has done so very  little over the last decades.   Three years ago, the Western Governors' Association--a bipartisan  group--began looking at ways to modernize the law to help the Western  States. The chairman of the group was Matt Mead, our Governor in  Wyoming. He set up a special bipartisan initiative that has been  working on this issue all of that time. They talked with people across  the political spectrum--liberals, conservatives, Republicans,  Democrats--people from all different backgrounds, and they came up with  some practical and sensible policy recommendations.   Last month, I released a discussion draft of legislation based on the  principles from the Western Governors' Association and the policies  that they are promoting and recommending to help all of the States in  the West. It is an effort to recreate what the Western Governors'  Association's bipartisan process has done and recreate it right here in  the Senate. I received a supportive letter from the group that was  signed by its Republican chairman and its Democratic vice chairman,  Governor Daugaard of South Dakota and Governor Ige of Hawaii--both  supporting our initiative. I think it shows we are on the right path.   We also based this discussion draft on input from two hearings that I  chaired in the Committee on Environment and Public Works. We heard from  a diverse and bipartisan group of witnesses. We heard from Dave  Freudenthal, the Democratic former Governor of Wyoming, and from Fish  and Wildlife directors from across the country. Most said that the  principles set forth by the Western Governors' Association were a good  starting point for modernizing the Endangered Species Act.   One important step that we take in this draft legislation is to  elevate the role that States actually play in implementing the law. We  make them full partners with Washington, DC. It is necessary and the  time is right because when the law was written, States didn't have the  conservation capacity they have today. Over the last 45 years, States  have dramatically expanded their expertise and their ability to manage  species. They have done a remarkable job over the past 45 years. State  and local experts are the ones on the ground. They understand the  situation, and they work with the species on a daily basis. They know  the needs of these species and the unique challenges they face, the  habitats, and the threats to the species.   My draft bill gives States the opportunity to lead wildlife  conservation efforts because they are the most prepared and the most  able to do it. States  [[Page S5602]]  need to be playing a significant role in recovering and in managing  these species.   There are about 11,000 people working for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife  Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service combined--11,000  individuals. Conservation efforts at the State level have more than  50,000 people--more than 4 to 1--working on these critical issues.  There are more than 11,000 wildlife biologists and 10,000 wildlife law  enforcement officers at the State level. States are now spending close  to $6 billion a year collectively on conservation efforts. It is clear  that America's conservation power is in the States, not in Washington,  DC. That is where the action is, where the money is, where the  intelligence is, where the training is, and where the knowledge is.  That is where people want to be working. These State agencies are in  the field every day working to protect wildlife.   Another thing this draft legislation does is to establish recovery  teams for the species that are listed on the endangered species list.  The goal is to develop and implement specific recovery plans for each  species. The idea is to make the law more transparent so specific  recovery goals are clear to everyone. It provides more of the  regulatory certainty that communities across this country need. We also  have to make sure that the species that are most in need get the  resources first.   Again, this isn't some idea that someone came up with behind closed  doors in Washington, DC--not at all. This whole effort is based on  feedback from the 19 States and 3 U.S. territories that are part of the  Western Governors' Association. Wyoming Governor Matt Mead testified at  a recent hearing that my bill is in line with what the States are  looking for. He said that it ``represents a reasonable way'' to start a  national dialogue on the subject, just like the Western Governors did.  That is why 130 organizations have already written to express their  support for this effort.   There are some groups out there who don't want any change to the law.  They want to keep adding to the list and letting the list grow. They  don't seem to care whether the species ever recover enough to come off  the list, which was the goal of the original legislation. I think that  approach for all of us is not good enough.   I want to find a bipartisan path to modernize the Endangered Species  Act. Let's follow the lead of these western Governors. Let's have that  same bipartisan discussion in the Senate. The Endangered Species Act is  an important law. Yes, it can be improved. We need more examples like  we have with the bald eagle. Recovering these species must be the goal,  not just putting them on life support and leaving them. Let's work  together to make the Endangered Species Act work better for species and  for people.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   