 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Thompson) and all of the colleagues that I see on  this floor who are part of the Agriculture Committee team--and we are a  team.   We are a team that I got to watch work 4 years ago together to pass a  bill that the Congressional Budget Office said was only going to save  taxpayers $23 billion in mandatory spending. As a matter of fact, that  was the largest, single spending cut that was projected in my entire  freshman term.   Well, they came back over the recent weeks and told us that they were  wrong. Those savings have actually been $111 billion in mandatory  spending. This is why good policies matter. The bill that we introduced  today is an example of good policies that save taxpayer dollars, but,  just as importantly, it helps American families who are trapped in a  cycle of poverty.   They have suffered from food insecurity and depend on SNAP to feed  themselves and their families; and some of these men and women are  capable of working, but they lack the access to adequate skills  training to obtain a job that provides meaningful income and a chance  to improve their family's future.   We want to change that. Just like we wrote good policy 4 years ago,  we have written good policy again because we are going to change that  by shifting the antipoverty conversation from one purely focused on  benefits to one focused on helping someone climb the economic ladder  and developing a strong workforce.   We have created a streamlined, simplified work requirement, paired  with meaningful investments in workforce training. This farm bill  requires and funds sufficient education and training slots,  guaranteeing access to all SNAP participants subject to being able to  work.   We have modernized the components of SNAP employment, education, and  training to include assessment and case management, include additional  options like supervised job search apprenticeships, time-limited  volunteer work, subsidized employment, and financial history.   Last week, Caterpillar, in Decatur, Illinois, hosted an event to  recruit more welders and machinists. They have jobs available, but not  enough people are trained to fill these skilled jobs.   I visited the Bridgestone tire plant in Bloomington, Illinois, last  week, and I heard the same thing. Jobs are available, but there is no  one to take them.   Our economy is growing; jobs are growing. We must do more to get  people the education and training that they need to take these  available, skilled jobs and help themselves and help their families.   Mr. Speaker, I again thank my colleague from Pennsylvania.   