 Mr. Speaker, I stand here because, earlier this week, we  were confronted with the threat of Deputy Attorney General Rod  Rosenstein's firing.   On Monday, Mr. Rosenstein was summoned to the White House, with  rumors swirling that he had resigned or was about to be fired. Today,  he was scheduled to meet with the President. But yesterday, the  President said he may not fire him. He prefers not to, but he may. And  he may meet with Mr. Rosenstein or not.   Mr. Rosenstein is directly responsible for Special Counsel Robert  Mueller's investigation into alleged links between the Russian  Government and the Trump campaign, as well as other related work, now  in the Southern District of New York in the National Security Division  of the Department of Justice, that could have a profound effect on the  integrity of elections to come.  [[Page H9106]]    The fear is that, if the President fires Mr. Rosenstein, a new Acting  Attorney General will take steps to end the investigation by Mr.  Mueller in order to protect President Trump and his associates. It is  unacceptable for a law enforcement project of this magnitude to turn on  the employment status of one official.   As we have all seen, President Trump has spent his Presidency  undermining every effort to understand what happened during the 2016  elections. He has shown no interest in safeguarding the 2018 elections  from ongoing attacks by foreign adversaries. Instead, he attacks the  intelligence community; attacks the Department of Justice; attacks  career civil servants; and attacks Special Counsel Mueller, complaining  about what he calls a ``total witch hunt'' and calling for the Attorney  General to end the investigation.   This is not a witch hunt. In a relatively short period of time,  investigators have secured multiple convictions and guilty pleas from  key Trump campaign personnel, including the President's campaign  manager, his deputy campaign manager, his national security adviser,  and others.   But President Trump and his allies in this Chamber are engaged in a  broader strategy to undermine the legitimacy of any finding, guilty  plea, or any conviction that may come out of the investigation.  President Trump will take any opportunity to reign in, suppress, or end  the Special Counsel's investigation.   We know this because President Trump has told us so. He told us that  he fired the FBI Director because of the ``Russia thing.'' He is  reported to have ordered the firing of Robert Mueller at least twice.  He attacks his own Attorney General for quite properly recusing himself  from the investigation. His surrogates compare the FBI to the Gestapo,  and call for the police to raid the Justice Department.   Fortunately, as a coequal branch of government, we have a way to  protect our law enforcement officers from these threats and to protect  the country from this barrage of misinformation from the White House.   H.R. 5476, the Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act, would  protect the Special Counsel from being unjustly fired and would allow  for the courts to review any political interference. This is bipartisan  legislation that has 126 cosponsors and is identical to Republican  legislation that has a number of Republican cosponsors.   The Senate counterpart to H.R. 5476 was introduced by Senators  Graham, Booker, Coons, and Tillis, and passed the Senate Judiciary  Committee on April 26, 2018, by a vote of 14-7.    We have been calling on the chairman of the House  Judiciary Committee to bring this important legislation before the  committee for a vote, but he has refused to act.   Democrats have taken the unusual step of invoking House rule XI,  clause 2(c)(2) to force a markup. But other Republicans on the  committee have sat on their hands and refused to join in this demand.  But for three Republicans, the Judiciary Committee would be forced to  consider this legislation.   We cannot wait any longer. The stakes are too great. That is why I  offer this proposal.   