 Mr. Speaker, I spent about 30 years in the insurance  industry. A good deal of that time, I worked on this program. I know  it, I would guess, better than anyone here, and I know what it does for  people. I know its weaknesses as well.   Mr. Speaker, 140 million Americans live in coastal counties today.  They are ordinary Americans, mostly of moderate means. I represent many  of these folks in Ocean County, New Jersey. These are the victims of  disasters like Sandy, and they absolutely depend upon this program.   In October, the House passed a bill that I worked on and I supported,  a 5-year reauthorization with modest increases in premiums, increased  mitigation dollars, and instilled some accountability at FEMA. It was  too much reform for some, not enough for others. But it was absolutely  necessary that we do that. The Senate has totally failed to act.   So, what do we do today? We hold every homeowner along the coast  hostage? We cannot do that.   The NFIP program has $30 billion of borrowing capacity. That drops to  $1 billion if this lapses. That is a modest event in this country. How  do we look the American people in the eye after a storm and say: We  don't have the money that you have been paying premiums for. How do we  do that? How do we shut down the real estate market?   If you can't get a mortgage, you can't buy a home. And you cannot get  a mortgage in coastal counties without flood insurance.    Mr. Speaker, we cannot pull the rug out from  underneath the people depending on this program.   I will continue to work with the committee, with our chairman, and  with the Senate, which needs to get off their back sides and do  something. They have done nothing on this. I will continue to work. But  in the meantime, we must continue this program until the end of  hurricane season. That is why I chose the date November 30 on this  bill. That is the last day of hurricane season.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues, whatever your reservations,  support it, and we will keep working on reforms.   