 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Texas for  yielding and for bringing this legislation to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support as the lead author of H. Con.  Res. 119, along with my colleague from West Virginia (Mr. McKinley).   Mr. Speaker, the question is real simple, and that is, do we support  or oppose a carbon tax? I think the case is very clear by anybody who  looks objectively at what a carbon tax will do to the economy. It will  be devastating to our manufacturing base. It will kill jobs. I think  most devastating, Mr. Speaker, it would raise and increase costs for  families all across this country.   If you look at this chart right here, it talks about the estimate,  what this would do to families. There would be an increase by an  estimated $1,900 per family on the cost of things that they buy all  across this country.   The resolution is simple. It says: ``Be it resolved by the House.''  That is, it is the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be  detrimental to American families and businesses, and is not in the best  interest of the United States.   ``Yes'' or ``no,'' it is a clear ``yes'' vote if you are concerned  about families. Why don't we talk about some of the groups in support.  The Council for Citizens Against Government Waste says that: ``A carbon  tax would harm the U.S. economy by raising the cost of all goods and  services, imposing an unfair burden on the lower and middle class, and  deterring new investment, thereby killing jobs.''   Why don't we listen to what the American Farm Bureau Federation said  about a carbon tax: ``Agriculture is an energy-intensive sector, and a  carbon tax levied on farmers and ranchers would be devastating.''   Then, Mr. Speaker, let's listen to what Grover Norquist from  Americans for Tax Reform said: ``A carbon tax would kill American jobs  by the millions.''   Why would we want to allow the possibility? Believe me, there are  some people in Washington who are talking about trying to bring a  carbon tax. To act like, oh, there is no talk about it at all, clearly,  there are people here in this Chamber that want to impose a carbon tax.  Let's be clear about how devastating that would be to the American  economy.    Everybody gets to take a position on this today, Mr. Speaker. You are  either for a carbon tax or against it. I would urge strong support for  H. Con. Res. 119.   