 HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, what an honor it is to be  here with Mr. Smith of New Jersey. I thank the gentleman for leading  and managing not only the calls but this Special Order this evening.   It is amazing to me that here we come, yet again, on the anniversary  of another Roe v. Wade, 45 years, some 60 million children who have  gone. Along with that is another anniversary, the March for Life, that  has been taking place now itself for over 40 years.   I am thrilled that this weekend there will be students, teachers,  nuns, pastors, priests, and families from all across this great country  marching in the streets right here in Washington, D.C., from the  National Mall to the Supreme Court and all across various streets  across this country standing up for life. What a powerful thing that  is.   When we talk about life, it is not an issue between Republicans or  Democrats. This is an issue protecting 10 fingers and 10 toes. It is  about protecting a precious heartbeat. Yes, we have been able, in this  Chamber, to support and pass some significant legislation like the No  Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act. That is a great thing. There should  be no taxpayer funds going toward abortion. We have passed the pain- capable bill, another great bill.   I wear this little lapel pin, a footprint in a heartbeat. I am  hopeful that we will be able to vote on and pass the heartbeat bill. We  have all heard abortion stops a beating heart. It is time now that a  beating heart stops abortion; that if a heartbeat can be detected, a  baby will be protected. I am hopeful that we will be able to get that  on the floor here for each of us to have an opportunity to vote for  that.   I am pleased as well that we made the Make America Secure and  Prosperous Appropriations Act. It defunded Planned Parenthood-- something many of us have been fighting for for years, for decades-- and, in particular, ever since the horror of seeing the videos of  Planned Parenthood selling baby parts, it is time that we finally  accomplish that.   I just am so grateful for my colleagues here tonight taking a stand  for life; taking a stand for what is the greatest, first, and most  important right of all, the right given by Almighty God, the right that  President Reagan said himself, ``without which no other right has any  meaning.'' So I thank my colleagues for being here tonight for taking a  stand.   There is obviously more work to be done. The people of America gave  us a united government in this past election and sent us here to stand  for the platform that we ran on that includes saving lives.   I want to encourage each of us to stay in the fight and each one  watching to stay in the fight. We have come a long way. There is more  to go, and, with God's grace, we will see it happen. I thank the  gentleman from New Jersey for allowing me the opportunity.   