 Mr. President, as I and many of my colleagues feared, the  Trump-Putin summit was disastrous,  [[Page S4990]]  and their press conference amounted to a disinformation operation in  which President Trump played the willing participant. The propaganda,  dissembling, and denials are part of Russia's hybrid operations against  our country, our allies, and our partners that are an ongoing and  persistent threat to our national security.   By failing to challenge Putin's fabrications on Russia's interference  with U.S. democracy, its annexation of Crimea, its role in Syria, its  use of chemical agents against civilians, or its violations of its  armed control obligations, President Trump acquiesced in Russia's lies  and alternative facts and undermined our security in the process.   A low point was President Trump siding with Putin, over our own  intelligence community's assessment, on Russian election interference.  It was the unanimous judgment of the intelligence community that Putin  directed an attack on our 2016 elections with the intent of undermining  public faith in our democratic process. That assessment was just  reaffirmed unanimously by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence.   Furthermore, last Friday, the Justice Department indicted 12 Russian  military intelligence officers on charges of ``large-scale cyber  operations to interfere with the 2016 presidential election.'' Despite  being briefed on these developments, President Trump chose to side with  Putin on election interference.   It is unconscionable that an American President, standing on foreign  soil, chose to play Putin's press secretary rather than take the word  of his own intelligence officials--career professionals who put their  lives on the line for the safety and security of all Americans.   President Trump's words hurt our national security. Nations or  potential sources may no longer trust the United States. They may hold  back in fear that their highly classified secrets could be revealed to  Russia, a foreign adversary, as Trump has done in the past.   Yesterday, President Trump also made a moral equivalency between the  United States and Russia. This is an unfathomable and dangerous break  from the actions of past Presidents of both parties.   President Trump's actions this week and throughout his Presidency  have undermined the once bedrock belief around the globe that the  United States is a beacon of hope and reliability.   Further, moral equivalency is a longtime Russian narrative used by  Putin to justify his continued oppression of his people and suppression  of democratic impulses within Russia.   On a more basic level, President Trump is undermining that which  makes us strong. The world order that the United States created after  World War II is something we have benefited from for decades. We draw  strength from our allies and from participation in international  institutions. The United States is not weakened by them; we are  strengthened by them.    The mere act of the two Presidents sitting down together was a  victory for Putin. Instead of taking this opportunity to talk tough and  call Putin out for his misdeeds, President Trump delivered rewards  without gaining any changes in Russia's behavior. This adds up to  weakness, acquiescence, and more. Nothing about Russia's behavior has  changed. Putin is still in Crimea. He is still propping up Assad's  murderous actions in Syria. He is still interfering in the domestic  politics of the West and undermining people's faith in the democratic  process.   This is not theoretical. Director of National Intelligence Coats  warned that Russian cyber attacks are threatening our government and  our financial institutions. He used very explicit language to say that,  akin to before 9/11, the warning signs of Russian aggression are  ``blinking red again.'' Yet, instead of recognizing that threat,  denouncing attacks from Russia, and developing a whole-of-government  solution to counter the threat, Trump is cozying up to Putin.   In light of President Trump's dereliction of his responsibilities, I  urge my Republican colleagues to stand up for the security and  integrity of our democracy. Some of my colleagues have condemned  President Trump's performance yesterday, but clearer and more concrete  steps must be taken. Republicans must reject President Trump's weak and  damaging views on foreign policy. What we saw this week and throughout  this Presidency is an aberration that is unsustainable, and this course  must be corrected soon. Words of regret or sadness for a missed  opportunity are not sufficient in the wake of yesterday's display of  weakness and narcissism.   Republicans should join with Democrats to pass legislation to protect  the Mueller investigation and to ensure that the investigation is  permitted to follow the evidence wherever it leads and bring this  matter to a conclusion.   Republicans should join with Democrats to hold hearings and get  testimony about the President's trip and particularly what he promised  Putin during their private meeting.   Republicans should join with Democrats in calling on the President to  fully implement the sanctions act against Russia for its numerous  nefarious activities.   Republicans should join with Democrats and demand that President  Trump be interviewed by Special Counsel Mueller under oath.   Finally, I urge the Trump administration to at long last issue a  comprehensive strategy coordinating our military, diplomatic, law  enforcement, financial, and all other instruments of U.S. national  power to counter Russian malign influence, as called for in last year's  NDAA. We are waiting a year for a legislative mandate of this Congress  to provide such a report. Time is running out.   This is not a partisan issue. It is long past time for the President  to denounce the Kremlin's behavior and take steps to mount a whole-of- government response to deter it in the future.   With that, I yield the floor.   