 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Hensarling for his  leadership on this issue as well.   Mr. Speaker, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act continues to be an  important resource for regulators to identify discriminatory lending  activity. But the previous administration's interpretation of the act's  reporting requirements has become overly burdensome for smaller  financial institutions.   Community banks and credit unions are weighed down with the same  compliance burdens as larger institutions, without the advantages of  massive compliance departments. The Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau's rulemaking of October 2015 on the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act  would require financial institutions to report  [[Page H517]]  33 new data fields for each borrower, more than double the statutory  requirement laid out by Congress on top of an already detailed HMDA  data collection requirement.   Fortunately, Mr. Emmer's bill, the Home Mortgage Disclosure  Adjustment Act, would remove some of the compliance burdens placed on  our Nation's smallest financial institutions by exempting depository  institutions that have originated fewer than 500 closed-end mortgage  loans and fewer than 500 open-end lines of credit from disclosure  requirements and maintenance of mortgage loan records under the 2015  HMDA rule.   The CFPB's October 2015 rulemaking requires financial institutions to  report on over 100 total data points for any loan application,  regardless of whether the institution agrees to make the loan or not.   To put that in perspective, the time and resources required by a  community financial institution to fill out all 100 of these data  points for each application could be the difference between being able  to make one more loan in a community or not. And in small communities  across America, small communities like I represent, every single loan  counts.    With Mr. Emmer's legislation, the community financial institutions  least able to absorb compliance burdens would be able to turn their  attention and resources back to providing loans for hardworking  families, rather than meeting overly burdensome regulatory  requirements.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to applaud Mr. Emmer for introducing this  legislation and encourage my colleagues to be able to support this  measure.   