 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my  amendment, No. 33, to H.R. 8 to improve available resources for the  Puget Sound Adjacent Waters Restoration program, also known as PSAW.   The Puget Sound and the waters and wildlife that call it home are  cornerstones of Washington State's cultural identity, maritime economy,  and environment. As the Nation's largest estuary, a healthy Puget Sound  is essential to supporting over 3,000 shellfish jobs and generating an  estimated $184 million in revenue annually.   Every EPA dollar spent on Puget Sound recovery efforts have leveraged  more than $24 in matching funds from State, local, and tribal partners.  The PSAW program supports critical ecosystem restoration projects  across 15,000 square miles of northwest Washington State, the Puget  Sound drainage basin, and the Strait of Juan de Fuca.   The program is part of the larger Puget Sound Nearshore Ecosystem  Restoration Project to restore and protect salmon habitat throughout  the Sound, especially for endangered chinook and steelhead.   My amendment doubles the per-project funding cap for PSAW projects to  $10 million and raises the overall authorization level for the program  by $20 million. As a result, critical Sound nearshore restoration  projects in Washington State would be eligible for PSAW funding.  Increasing available funds on a project-by-project basis will ensure  that the PSAW program is consistent with the Aquatic Ecosystem  Restoration Program cap.   Recently, the CBO did an analysis of the amendment and found it will  have little to no direct impact on the budget.   Mr. Chair, a special thanks to Chairman Shuster and Ranking Member  DeFazio for their leadership on this measure as well. I am pleased that  we are moving forward on WRDA legislation that invests in the Nation's  ports, channels, waterways, and other critical infrastructure to keep  the U.S. maritime system competitive.   Maintaining the regular 2-year authorization of this legislation is  critical to the Nation's economy and will encourage new, good-paying  jobs in the Pacific Northwest. I urge my colleagues to support my  amendment to continue the robust Federal investment and stewardship  needed to save the Sound.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   