 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my dear friend and colleague  from California (Mr. Lowenthal) for his distinguished service. I thank  Mr. Curtis for his distinguished service as well. I also thank Mr.  Bishop, all the members of the committee, and the staff, of course, for  the wonderful work they have done on this.   Mr. Speaker, I rise here to join in support of H.R. 1350.   Basically, as was explained by Mr. Curtis, the bill authorizes a land  transfer between the Bureau of Land Management and the National Park  Service, a move that would greatly improve the overall land management  and efficiency within the Voyageurs National Park in my district in  northern Minnesota. I might add, we are very proud of that  accomplishment.   Specifically, the bill permits the transfer of 49 acres of land  within the park from the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management  to the National Park Service, as was originally intended by the  original legislation for the park when it was signed into law; but, for  a variety of reasons, these 49 acres, including 61 separate tracts of  land, were not included in the original Federal legislation that  established the park in 1975.  [[Page H1521]]    It may interest some of my colleagues to know that I was here in 1975  and was able to, of course, register my support for the establishment  of that park.   Now, to be clear, the National Park Service administration already  manages the 49 acres; but without a change in the law that permanently  transfers the lands, a cumbersome and duplicative renewal process is  required every 20 years. The procedure involves a notice, a publication  in the Federal Register, and a review of comments, all of which are,  essentially, a waste of taxpayers' money and everybody's time within  the government who has to deal with it.   So make no mistake about it, as Mr. Curtis pointed out, this bill  saves the taxpayers' money and the bureaucracy time.   In addition, the bill would also authorize the National Park Service  to acquire and integrate new land into Voyageurs National Park through  land exchanges with the State and local governments that own land  within or adjacent to the park's boundaries.   In short, Mr. Speaker, this bill would eliminate any future concerns  related to the Department of the Interior's ownership and jurisdiction,  facilitating the ease of management for the National Park Service, the  State, and the county; and it would do so at no cost, in addition, of  course, to saving money for the Federal Government as determined by the  Congressional Budget Office.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to adopt the measure.   