 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   In order to successfully implement the many water infrastructure and  conservation projects authorized under the Water Resources Development  Act, Americans rely on the Army Corps of Engineers.   The Corps has approximately 37,000 dedicated civilians and military  personnel delivering engineering services. They operate and maintain  13,000 miles of commercial ship channels, 12,000 miles of inland  waterways, 700 dams, and have built 14,500 levees and works on more  than 900 harbors.   Thus, our ability to build a robust infrastructure, to develop  resources, and to implement environmentally conscious conservation  projects, is inextricably linked to the strength of the Corps of  Engineers' workforce. We should be doing everything we can to help the  Army Corps of Engineers recruit, hire, and retain qualified employees  to carry out duties that impact environmental sustainability and  national security.   My amendment addresses this issue by requiring the comptroller  general to provide recommendations to improve the capacity and  preparedness of the Army Corps of Engineers' workforce in its report to  Congress. In providing these recommendations, the comptroller general  will evaluate many challenges, including, but not limited to,  diversity, recruitment, retention, and on-the-job training.   I offer this amendment at a time when the national skills gap is at a  record-high level. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, there  are 6.7 million unfilled jobs across the country, where employers have  openings but can't find prospective employees with the adequate skills  or training to fill them. Nearly 600,000 of these jobs are in  government services alone.   Despite bipartisan efforts to address this issue, the skills gap  continues to rise each month, up from 6.1 million this time in 2017. We  need to do better.  [[Page H4819]]    I am confident that my amendment will help develop a 21st century  Corps of Engineers workforce, which will, ultimately, benefit  infrastructure, national security, environmental sustainability, and  the overall American economy.   Mr. Chairman, for these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. Shuster for his  support.   Just this morning, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that there  are currently more job openings than people looking for work. This  amendment is an important step to closing the skills gap, and I urge  all of my colleagues to support it.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   