 Mr. President, I rise to discuss the bipartisan,  bicameral 5-year reauthorization of the Federal Aviation Administration  Act that we will be voting on, and I believe passing, in about one-half  hour.   This is the first 5-year reauthorization for the FAA since 1982,  providing long-term certainty for our aviation infrastructure while  ensuring that we continue to have the safest, most efficient aerospace  system in the world.   The bill continues to provide stable funding for the Airport  Improvement Program which supports the construction, rehabilitation,  and development  [[Page S6464]]  of airports of all sizes, including the construction of the new  Williston Basin International Airport in North Dakota, the first new  air carrier airport built in the United States in over 9 years, and  very much needed because it is right in the heart of the Bakken.   We have had incredible energy development there. We now produce  between 1.2 and 1.3 million barrels a day, second only to Texas, so we  have a lot of people coming in, a lot of infrastructure being  developed, and obviously our service is incredibly important. I can't  thank the FAA enough for recognizing that we not only needed an  expansion of airport facilities, but we needed to build a whole new  airport because they were closed in by the community of Williston. This  is the first new air carrier airport built in the United States in 9  years, and it is tremendous. It is not just about serving Williston, it  is about serving Northwest North Dakota, as well as parts of Eastern  Montana, and a very important, growing energy industry area for our  Nation. That shows the importance of the kind of provisions we have in  this legislation and how it affects every part of our great Nation.   Ensuring long-term certainty for FAA programs like the Airport  Improvement Program are essential for our airport construction  projects, as I have described, in the Williston Basin. It is  particularly important that we have this funding and are able to  utilize it in an efficient way. For example, in cold-weather States  like my State or the State of our Presiding Officer, there is a  relatively short construction season so we have to get out there and  get after it and get it done when we can. That is what we are doing  with this legislation, as well as in the appropriations bill, making  sure the funding is there so we can deploy it cost-effectively, getting  the funding out there and construction done when it can actually be  done.   The FAA reauthorization includes a number of provisions I worked on  and authored to expand upon work we are doing in North Dakota on  unmanned aircraft systems. This is a big part of the future of  aviation. I thank the Commerce Committee chairman--the Commerce  Committee being the committee of jurisdiction--and I would like to  thank Chairman Thune, my good buddy from the other Dakota, and also the  ranking member for their work on the UAS legislation with me that we  have included in this bill.   As my colleagues well know, North Dakota is one of the leading States  when it comes to development of unmanned aviation systems technology.  As a matter of fact, Eastern North Dakota has been referred to as ``the  Silicon Valley for drones'' by one of the prominent media outlets. Our  Northern Plains Unmanned Aircraft Systems Test Site in Grand Forks, ND,  is one of seven UAS research and development sites in the Nation,  providing the proving grounds for a range of UAS testing from one-pilot  operations and precision agriculture to military applications, defense  applications, border security, as well as the energy industry--just a  whole gamut of military, border protection, and commercial agricultural  uses for unmanned aviation.   For example, one of the golf courses in Grand Forks, the King's Walk  Golf Course, which was actually designed by Arnold Palmer and is a very  nice golf course, has begun delivering food to golfers on the golf  course by drones. That is pretty cool. It is a sign of things to come.  We have companies there such as General Atomics, Northrop Grumman, and  leading aerospace companies developing applications such as Predator,  Reaper, Global Hawk--all of these ISR military applications and so  forth.   We also have Customs and Border Protection there. We have 900 miles  of border responsibility, and they are using unmanned drones on the  border. I want to assure the Presiding Officer that is not just to keep  an eye on Alaska, but we work with our good friends in Canada. So we  have Customs and Border Protection and military applications but also  these ag and energy applications, also this idea of small product  delivery, where products can be delivered right to your home with  drones. They are actually starting that on the golf course. You walk  before you run, right? Here you are on the golf course getting food and  beverages delivered. That is a first step in this process.   I look at these young people, and I think about what we all carry  now, our smartphones that are amazing computers that can do so much.  Ten years ago, obviously, and when we were their age, we never dreamed  of something like that. Even 10 years ago, we had no idea what this  device could do. Think what unmanned aviation systems--drones, if you  will--are going to do in 10 years, right?   Looking at these pages--they will be developing these applications.  We will be trying to keep up. You know, guys like me and the Presiding  Officer, we will be trying to keep up with these young people. It is  going to be amazing, and we have no idea about all the amazing  applications that are going to be developed. That is why we worked so  hard in this area, and that is why I am so pleased.   Back in 2011, I actually worked on the legislation and authored a lot  of it that set up the test sites we have. We were actually the first  test site named. What we have been able to include in this bill is  another 5-year extension of those test sites. That is really important  because the work we are doing out there--as I mentioned, some of the  great companies we have, they have to know they will be able to  continue to operate on those test sites. We have a lot of special  things going into making sure they have the airspace so they can fly  these unmanned aircraft and do the testing and development. Whether it  is high level, as I described with something like Global Hawk, which is  a very large jet aircraft, all the way down to these small drones that  are delivering food products on the golf course, we have to do it all.  Having those test sites is a huge part of it.    The second aspect of the legislation I was able to include in this  bill really goes to spectrum. We actually have a program in there that  allows us to help develop the spectrum, and that is very important as  well. The amendment I offered will enable us to evaluate the best and  safest spectrum for UAS use. We need that for command and control.   It is amazing the things we have to figure out, including privacy,  safety, how we do the command and control, high-level satellite, low- level, is it communication towers, like cell towers, what spectrums we  use. All of these things, including redundancy, sense-and-avoid--all of  those things go into developing contract airspace use for manned and  unmanned aircraft.   Another provision we included has to do with the language that will  allow us to develop the best spectrum for UAS use. It is important to  ensure that UAS operates on a spectrum that provides the safest command  and control of the aircraft and involves the least interference with  other spectrum users. I thank Chairman Thune for working with me to  include this provision in the final bill that enables us to move  forward in that very important area.   As we see growth in UAS development and use, it is also important  that we address vulnerabilities. In the wrong hands, Unmanned Aircraft  Systems can pose a serious threat to our country, our people, and  property. So I was pleased this legislation includes the Preventing  Emerging Threats Act legislation I helped introduce along with the  chairman of the Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee,  Senator Ron Johnson. I truly appreciate his work and the fact that we  were able to include this provision in the legislation which Secretary  Nielsen at the DHS wants. She was very clear that the Department of  Homeland Security needs this legislation to have the authority not only  to protect our Nation's borders but internally as well in case of any  kind of unmanned aircraft attack on a facility and to be able to  protect and prevent that. DHS needed this authorizing legislation to do  that. So our bill will help protect important facilities from the  security risks posed by anyone using unmanned aircraft improperly or  dangerously. We do this by providing the Department of Homeland  Security and Department of Justice with the authority to protect  covered facilities and assets when there is a security risk posed by  unmanned aircraft. I am pleased we were able to work in all these areas  and include them in this large, important bill. These are all different  areas of aviation that are so important to address for our Nation.  [[Page S6465]]    Our Nation leads the world in aviation. We always have. We lead in  technology development, whether it is manned or unmanned aircraft. We  are pushing the boundaries whether it is rocketry or anything else. The  President now is advocating a space force. Again, we are pushing the  boundaries of aviation. We will continue to do that because of the  innovation, creativity, ingenuity, and the adventurous spirit of the  American people.   We have to make sure we are doing our job in this body as well as our  fellow Members of Congress. Our responsibility is to make sure we  create the framework for our great companies, our great inventors, and  our great scientists--for these amazing young people with all their  brilliant and bright ideas--to have the forum and the opportunity to  support the legal and regulatory environment so they can go out and do  truly great things, where the sky is the limit. Right, guys? Where the  sky is the limit.   That is what this bill is about. It is not about the government doing  it, it is about empowering the great people of this country to do all  those great things and continue to lead the world forward with  aviation. Thank you.   I yield the floor.   