 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Washington State  for bringing this rule to the floor and addressing this issue. It is  literally one of great importance in my district and in the West.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the underlying bill, the  Manage our Wolves Act, because we need to clarify the management of  wolves in Oregon and put us on a path to follow the locally State- written Oregon wolf plan.   For years, Mr. Speaker, ranchers across my district have watched as  wolf packs have grown. They harass cattle herds and they kill livestock  and they are brutal.   When you lose a heifer, you don't just lose one cow. You have lost 10  years' worth of calves that will never be born and that will never be  able to be sold. Those that aren't killed are harassed, often losing  weight and value. They are chased all over by the wolf packs.   The cattle and sheep these ranchers raise are their livelihoods.  Every day--sun, rain, or snow--they raise and care for these animals.   When a first-time mom is struggling to feed a new calf, the rancher  nurtures them, sometimes even literally bringing them into their own  home next to the wood stove to warm them up and keep the calf alive in  the winter. That care makes it all the harder to come upon a calf that  has been torn apart by wolves.   If you are of young age, or whatever, I would just give you a fair  warning that this is a graphic picture of what happens when a wolf gets  ahold of a calf.   A rancher wrote me earlier this year that three of her calves were  attacked, and she described them as ``wild-eyed with terror after being  mutilated by wolves . . .''--just like this one you see here from a  calf that was killed by wolves in Wallowa County, ripped apart.   This rancher went on to write, ``the rush of emotions one feels when  you see an animal you have nurtured crying for help, panic in their  eyes, searching for escape,'' she said no one wants to see that and  described it as watching your worst horror movie in slow motion.   Now, the ranchers have done a lot in this effort. They have watched  as attacks continue, though, despite their efforts to implement largely  ineffective, nonlethal control techniques they were asked to do.  Meanwhile, the issue at the heart of this matter is that there are  arbitrary lines on a map that created a jurisdictional mess in my State  of Oregon where wolves in eastern Oregon are managed by the State, and  right across this highway they are managed by the Federal Government.   Today's legislation that we will consider fixes that by ensuring that  all wolves in Oregon are removed from the Federal endangered species  list. This would then return the management to the State and allow  wolves, like other wildlife, to be managed under collaboratively  developed Oregon law.   There are still challenges with State management; there is no doubt  about that. We have seen times when the Oregon Fish and Wildlife  Service has been slow to take action and implement the hard-fought  agreements in the wolf plan to help prevent predation and control the  wolf packs.   The State needs to step up and uphold thes agreements, but those are  issues we can work out as Oregonians. The last thing we need, however,  is the Federal Government trying to micromanage wolves from thousands  of miles away.    This legislation that, hopefully, we are able to bring up because of  this rule will get the Federal Government out of the way, will simplify  the jurisdiction, and will place all wolves in Oregon under the State  management plan.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to join me in supporting  the rule and the underlying legislation.   