 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Bishop for yielding and for his  leadership on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5788, the amended  Synthetics Trafficking and Overdose Prevention Act of 2018. Once signed  into law, this legislation will help combat our Nation's growing opioid  crisis by preventing the easy importation of synthetic opioids through  the United States Postal Service.   Under current law, private shipping companies are required to provide  Customs and Border Protection with advance electronic data for packages  inbound to the United States. The inclusion of this data makes  illegally shipped items easier to track and locate.   This standard is not imposed on our own Postal Service, however, even  though the U.S. Postal Service brought more than four times the number  of packages into the U.S. than all private carriers like FedEx and UPS  did in 2016, combined.   This bill will bring the U.S. Postal Service up to industry standards  by requiring advance electronic data for 100 percent of packages by  2020 and a strong goal of 70 percent by the end of this year. Also  required is a 2019 study by the GAO assessing the progress made by the  Postal Service. By requiring this data of foreign shippers, we can help  to keep dangerous synthetic opioids like fentanyl and carfentanil off  our streets.   The abundance of fentanyl within our borders is leading to an  increase in overdoses and overdose-related deaths. A recent study from  the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration indicated  that fentanyl is now the most common fatal overdose drug in the United  States. Of the roughly 42,000 opioid overdose deaths in 2016, about  20,000 of those were from fentanyl.   Mr. Speaker, just how dangerous is fentanyl and carfentanil? I can  relate to you a recent incident which occurred in our State of New  York.   Seizures of fentanyl in the New York area spiked by over 1,000  percent between 2016 and 2017. In 2016, in New York City, where JFK  International Airport is a major transshipment point, 62 pounds of  fentanyl were seized. In 2017, 1,162 pounds were seized.   Earlier this year, in just one bust, officials seized nearly 100  pounds of fentanyl, which is said to be enough to kill the entire  population of New York City and New Jersey, combined.   This bill is a commonsense, bipartisan approach to fix the problem.   I would very much like to thank Chairman Brady, Chairman Reichert,  Mr. Bishop, Mr. Pascrell, and Senator Portman for their important  leadership on this issue, and I urge all my colleagues to support this  vitally significant legislation.   Mr. Speaker, we are passing numerous bills this week dealing with the  opioid crisis. Perhaps none is as important as the STOP Act. I urge all  of my colleagues to support this legislation.   