 Mr. President, I know we have a series of votes coming up,  and I won't stand in the way of those votes once we get over the next  couple of minutes, but I didn't want to let the week go by without  talking a little bit about John McCain here on the floor.   A number of people have asked me this week--particularly members of  the media have asked: Who is going to replace John McCain? I think the  point  [[Page S5980]]  is, he will be a hard man to replace. He brought a unique background to  this job. He was raised in the house of a man who was going to become  an admiral. His grandfather was an admiral on the deck of the USS  Missouri when World War II ended. John McCain grew up in a house where  visiting Members of the House and visiting Members of the Senate was  not unusual. I think that gave him a real capacity to have a comfort  level to speak forcefully and truthfully with people at all levels.   Clearly, his time as a prisoner of war had a great impact not only on  who he was but also on what he was able to do and what he was able to  say and how he was able to say it. He was a man of intense energy.   There is a picture in this building of Theodore Roosevelt seated in a  chair, and his left hand is made into a fist. I never saw that picture  thinking it was a fist about to hit somebody but a fist trying to  contain his own energy.   There was a reason Theodore Roosevelt was John McCain's hero. H.W.  Brands wrote a book about Theodore Roosevelt, which was called ``T.R.:  The Last Romantic.'' The truth is, if there were a last romantic, it  was John McCain, not Theodore Roosevelt. Theodore Roosevelt was who he  was, but John McCain brought an intensity to what we do, an immediate  willingness to engage. Certainly, I think every Member of the Senate  experienced at least once when that immediate engagement, with no doubt  in his mind, was there. Members of the media also saw that. He was a  man of intensity. He was a man who believed in his country. He was a  man who believed this country deserved to be represented well all over  the world and that freedom should be defended.   Somebody observed to me earlier today that when traveling with John  McCain, he was unbelievably patient with the troops and unbelievably  tough with the generals. I saw that, and many of us saw that. He will  be missed, but his work was well done. His place was clearly filled. He  made a difference in the history of the country, and he made a  difference for all of those of us who got to know him.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   