 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Mitchell for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, tonight, the Texas delegation comes before the American  people to say that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is working. It is making a  positive impact on our paychecks and our lives. This bill is making a  big difference--not just crumbs--it is making a big difference.   Mr. Speaker, Ronald Reagan once said: `` . . . whenever we lower the  tax rates, our Nation is better off.'' President Reagan was on to  something.   Mr. Speaker, in just over 2 months--listen to these astounding  statistics--in just over 2 months, 350 companies have announced more  than $3 billion worth of bonuses. That benefits over 4 million  Americans. The success of this bill spans from coast to coast and  across all industries, both large and small, and across Democrat and  Republican, I might add, Mr. Speaker.   During the week, I hear the success of this bill as companies make  their various announcements. Then, on the weekends, when I am back home  and out in the district, I have people coming up to me, telling me  about the great things this bill is doing for them, their families, and  their businesses.   The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is making a big difference. Everyone has a  story to share. Paychecks are bigger. There are more opportunities.  Student loans don't seem as daunting. A new car seems within reach.  Sports equipment for their children is reasonable. That family vacation  they have been saving for now is on the verge of reality.   Mr. Speaker, we have a lot of small businesses in the 14th District  of Texas. I used to be one of them, as Mr. Mitchell alluded to. Those  small businesses support the community in more ways than one.   One, in particular, in my district has announced benefits from the  Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and that is Hawkins Lease Service in Alvin,  Texas. Jay and Adrienne Hawkins are great friends, great business  people, and great patriots. Jay let me know the other day that they  recently gave each of their employees a $1,000 bonus. Let me repeat  that: it is $1,000. If I remember correctly, Jay said they have 120  employees. Now--do the math--that is $120,000 put back into this  economy, Mr. Speaker. That is far from crumbs. If you ask me, that will  make a huge difference.   ExxonMobil announced they were expanding their Permian Basin project.  This expansion alone will create thousands of jobs, strengthen the  economy, and bolster energy security, and national security, I might  add. The Permian Basin is a bit of a drive away from us on the coast,  but the increased production will provide low-cost supply and  feedstocks to their operations throughout the State, including  ExxonMobil's plant in our very own district, in Beaumont, Texas.   Mr. Speaker, I want to tell you that there was something my dad  taught me: if it ain't broke, don't fix it. I will tell you what, he  also taught me: if it is broke, you better fix it, and fix it we did.   My hat is off to Kevin Brady--what a great job he did--also, to Mr.  Mitchell and Mrs. Walters for heading up this Special Order.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Brady for shepherding this bill  through. We couldn't have done this without him. I also thank  Congressman Mitchell and Congresswoman Walters for hosting this tax  reform Special Order.   