 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to mark an important  milestone for our friend Senator Mitch McConnell, who has now become  the longest serving Republican leader, surpassing Senator Bob Dole of  Kansas, who served from 1985 to 1996.   I told somebody in the press yesterday that Senator McConnell has  done it the old-fashioned way: He earned it. He earned this role as our  leader and the respect, certainly, that goes along with it.   He served as minority leader beginning in 2007, and I had the honor  of presenting him with a copy of his maiden speech as Republican leader  back then. That was at the beginning of the 110th Congress, and he has  served as either majority leader or minority leader ever since. What a  historic tenure his has been, and what a privilege it has been for me  to serve alongside him since I came to the Senate in 2003, but  especially in my role as whip, I have had the opportunity to work with  the leader on a daily basis, and it has been one of the highlights of  my Senate career.   Senator McConnell is trusted. We all know he is whip smart. He is an  impressive strategist. He understands the Senate better than anybody  else here, and time and again, he has demonstrated what leaders always  need to demonstrate, and that is a remarkable degree of humility,  sometimes preferring to work for the betterment of the conference and  the country behind the scenes rather than enjoy the spotlight on the  frontlines. That takes a remarkable sense of self-confidence and team  spirit that not everybody has. It is true that sometimes he is soft- spoken, but I can assure you that he is never afraid to take a hard  line when absolutely necessary. But more than that, he is a rare  example of what a Senator ought to be, what a true public servant ought  to be.  [[Page S3737]]    As majority leader, Senator McConnell is a member of a storied group  that includes the likes of Senator Charles Curtis, the first official  majority leader of the Senate, who was famous for his Native American  ancestry and racing horses, I am told. The` group includes Robert Taft  of Ohio, who would work late into the night studying the rules of the  Senate in order to outmaneuver his opponents. It includes Lyndon Baines  Johnson from my State, who would go on to become President, as well as  Mike Mansfield from Montana, Johnson's whip, who went on to serve as  majority leader for 16 years. In more recent times, there have been  great statesmen, such as Bob Dole, Trent Lott, and Bill Frist.   We all know that Senator McConnell is an avid student of history, and  he has learned a lot from all of these leaders--their example, their  ups and downs, their successes, and their challenges--and in a sense,  he stands on their shoulders. The experience, the example, and the  great leadership each of them demonstrated have benefited all of us but  nobody more than our leader Senator McConnell.   In today's world, the qualities embodied by all of these men is not  very widely understood, but we have to look no further than Senator  McConnell to see what that leadership looks like. One thing it requires  is recognizing your role but also respecting the role of other Members  in the conference.   As I said, Senator McConnell deeply understands the nature of the  Senate and his position, and he illustrated this when he spoke at the  beginning of the 114th Congress.   In his first speech, he recognized that the American people were  anxious about the direction of our country. He mentioned the decline of  civic trust in our national institutions. He expressed concern about  his fellow Americans feeling as though government was somehow  uninterested or incapable of addressing their concerns--a government  that seemed to be working for itself instead of for them. Those were  some of the sentiments and concerns he expressed at the time.   Sensing this unease, articulating the problem was just the beginning  of Senator McConnell's setting out to fix it. What Americans wanted  then is what they want now: They want a government that works. They  want, as Senator McConnell called it, a government of the 21st century,  one that functions with efficiency and accountability, competence and  purpose. That is the kind of government our leader has worked  tirelessly to promote. As he has told us time and again, what he is  interested in is results, not show votes. Many of us from time to time  have said: Why can't we have a vote on this or that? He reminds us that  what we need to produce is results, not theatrics.   He has taken steps to return the Senate to regular order, which  simply means getting the Senate back to work according to its own rules  and traditions. He has gotten the committees to work again. The Senate  simply does not work unless our committee structure works, because then  power is diffused among all Senators, and they each get to contribute  their piece of a solution to a problem. He has committed himself and  the Senate to a more rational, functioning appropriations process-- something we all can applaud.   In my opinion, it has been his never-ending quest for this body he  loves to function not just ably but at a consistently high level. That  has been his greatest contribution to the people he serves.   Leader McConnell is concerned about the policy priorities of our  party, of course, and he works doggedly to advance a conservative,  right-of-center agenda, but he also cares deeply about this institution  that he has committed so much of his life to serving and the pivotal  role the Senate has always played in American history. He cares about  upholding the rules and traditions of this body, not for their own sake  but because they have simply withstood the test of time.   We have made great strides this Congress under Leader McConnell's  leadership. We passed the first overhaul of the Tax Code in more than  three decades and allowed Americans to keep more of their hard-earned  paychecks. We reformed Dodd-Frank legislation, freeing up banks and  credit unions to better serve their communities by giving small  businesses access to the credit they need in order to start that  business and grow. We rolled back overly burdensome regulations and  confirmed 39 judicial nominees, including a Supreme Court Justice and  21 circuit court judges. As Senator McConnell likes to remind us, these  judges will serve long after this President's term of office and  perhaps even our time in the Senate.   This spring, we kept a solemn commitment we made to our veterans by  making sure they have access to the healthcare choices which they need  and which we have solemnly committed to provide. None of this would  have been possible without Leader McConnell's deftly navigating around  the stop signs and roadblocks that naturally occur in a place like the  Senate and refusing to yield along the way to unprecedented levels of  partisan obstruction.   But we must not forget that Senator McConnell is a leader not only of  our conference, but he also serves primarily on behalf of the people of  Kentucky. He doesn't leave his full-time job behind when he puts on his  leadership hat. He somehow has to balance the needs of both his  constituents in Kentucky and the larger needs of the Senate and of the  country as a whole. It goes without saying that balancing those  competing demands is extraordinarily difficult. It is not for the faint  of heart. But somehow Senator McConnell makes it look easy. He doesn't  even seem to break a sweat, amazingly so. That is because people like  Senator McConnell are versatile and energetic.   On behalf of his fellow Kentuckians, he has recently championed the  cause of international adoptions, ensured a healthcare fix for more  than 3,000 retired coal miners, and supported military installations,  such as Fort Campbell and Fort Knox. He has gotten more resources to  strengthen Kentucky universities. He has helped his State combat the  scourge of opioid addiction. He even helped a mother get her child back  after she was abducted and taken to West Africa. These are just some of  the recent ways he has served his State.   As we know, Senator McConnell joined the Senate in 1984, so one could  literally write volumes about his many other contributions over the  past 3\1/2\ decades. He once said of the Senate what is no less true of  all of us: We are all imperfect at moments, but we were permanently  endowed with high purpose.   For those familiar with the story of his own life, this sense of high  purpose was seen early on. After overcoming polio at a young age,  Leader McConnell went on to attend the University of Louisville, where  he served as student body president and where he urged his classmates  to march with Martin Luther King, Jr., on behalf of civil rights. He  then became president of the student bar association in law school.  This man was clearly born to lead.   What was clear early in his life remains clear today: Leader  McConnell is simply relentless. He never stops working, and in his  view, we--both as a conference and a country--still have miles to go  before we sleep.   In addition to confirming the President's nominees, we have a packed  to-do list this year that includes finishing the Defense bill this  week, passing water infrastructure reform, as well as a farm bill,  combating the opioid crisis, and reauthorizing the Federal Aviation  Administration and the Coast Guard. None of this is easy, but one thing  is certain: With Leader McConnell at the helm and with the hard work of  those of us here in the Senate--on a bipartisan basis, hopefully--we  will continue to make steady progress on behalf of the American people  we serve.   Thank you, Senator McConnell, for your example. Thank you for your  mentorship and for your friendship, and congratulations once again on  reaching this historic milestone today.   I yield the floor.   