 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I try to get down on the Senate floor  every week and talk about someone in my State who is making or who has  made our State a better place for all of us. It is, actually, one of my  favorite parts of the whole week. I know the pages really enjoy it. It  is what I call our Alaskan of the Week. It is one of the most  fulfilling things that I do.   No doubt, many here in the Chamber and people watching from home and  from up in the Gallery have seen pictures or television shows about  Alaska. Hopefully, they have been up there. My State has captured the  country's imagination. There are cable shows on Alaska, wonderful  shows, and for good reason. There is so much about Alaska that is awe- inspiring--our long expanses of tundra, mountain ranges, glaciers, our  salmon-filled streams. To everybody watching back home or listening, we  want them to go to Alaska if they haven't already been or to go again.  It will be the trip of a lifetime, I guarantee you. Yet a State is  different from a community. A State is where people go, and a community  is where people live. It takes good, strong, and generous people to  build a community.   This week, I recognize someone in Alaska who spent his entire adult  lifetime building community. His name was George Brown, who, with his  wife, Peggy, had run one of the most popular diners--one of the  greatest restaurants in Anchorage--since 1955. The Lucky Wishbone is  that place that for decades, people from all walks of life have gone-- veterans, politicians, oil workers, hospital employees. You name it,  they have gone to the Lucky Wishbone. They have converged on this  wonderful establishment in Anchorage for some of the best fried chicken  and best strawberry shakes ever. I guarantee it if you go. I know from  firsthand experience. Trust me.   George Brown was born in rural Wisconsin in 1922. He joined the  National Guard at the tender age of 17, and his unit was sent to  Alcatraz Island to guard the Golden Gate Bridge. At 21, he had already  risen to the rank of master sergeant when he qualified for Officer  Candidate School. In 1943, he finished flight school at Luke Field, AZ,  as a second lieutenant in the Army Air Corps. In that same year, George  met the love of his life, Peggy, and married soon after.   After he was married, George received orders to fly B-24s across the  Himalayas during World War II--a mission in an area famously known  simply as the Hump. George earned the Distinguished Flying Cross and  Air Medal for his bravery and service during World War II.   Incidentally, the late, great Senator Ted Stevens from Alaska, whose  desk I occupy here on the floor, also flew the Hump with the Army Air  Corps during World War II, and I know he was a friend of George's.   After the war, George and Peggy and their two children made their way  to Alaska to forge a new life. Eventually, that life took shape in a  building that George built by hand in downtown Anchorage--the Lucky  Wishbone. Its doors opened on November 30, 1955, and a kind of living  room for the community--where you could also get great food--was born  in Anchorage.   As you know, most walls don't talk, but the walls of the Lucky  Wishbone do talk. They are filled with pictures that chart Anchorage  and Alaska's history throughout the decades. These photos tell the  story of a hardscrabble territory--Alaska--that fought for self- determination and gained citizenship and statehood in 1959. They tell a  story of the town of Anchorage, rebuilt after being hit by the most  powerful earthquake ever recorded in North America--9.2 on the Richter  scale. It lasted for 5 minutes. The walls of the Lucky Wishbone tell  the story of a State brimming with excitement when the largest oilfield  in North America, Prudhoe Bay, was discovered on the North Slope, and  tens of thousands of jobs were created for Alaskans and Americans. They  tell the story of the crash in oil prices in the 1980s and of the hard  and long recovery. They tell the story about how, through it all, a  community and our citizens in Alaska relied on each other.   As all of this history was in the making, George and his wife,  Peggy--who by then had four children--went to work every day. They knew  their customers by name, and they continued to make the best food in  town.   Sadly, Peggy died in 2011 after she and George celebrated 67 years  together. George continued to go to work every day. I saw him there. He  continued to fly his plane until he was 94 years old--a wonderful,  gracious, tough, patriotic Alaskan and a great American.   George passed away earlier this week--an amazing life. He was 96  years old. He left behind two of his four children--Patricia and  Corky--lots of grandchildren, great-grandchildren, nieces, and nephews.   The Lucky Wishbone, one of his many legacies, will live on. This  great restaurant has now been passed down to his daughter Patricia and  two long-term employees. George and Peggy's memory will also live on  with them.   Mr. President, in a few hours, we are likely going to have a simple  choice to make here on the Senate floor--to either pass the House's  continuing resolution that passed yesterday so as to continue to fund  our government and our military and, importantly, to reauthorize the  Children's Health Insurance Program, CHIP, for 6 years or to shut down  the Federal Government. Yet, if you are watching the Senate floor  debates about all of this from home or in the Gallery, you might be a  bit confused. Actually, I was almost confused last night. Particularly,  if you were listening to the minority leader and minority whip's new  talking points that they were using last night in their remarks and  have been using over the past few days, you might really be confused.  Let me give you a little background as to why.   Like the Presiding Officer--actually, more than the Presiding  Officer. He has been around the Senate for quite some time. As someone  who is relatively new, I sit in that Presiding Officer's chair a lot-- as a matter of fact, during the 11 a.m. hour on Wednesdays and  Thursdays--so I get to listen to the majority and minority leaders and  the majority and minority whips give their opening statements. A couple  of times a week, I watch it on C-SPAN--like a lot--and you get to hear  the different priorities of the different leaders of the parties. Every  day, I hear this. I respect everybody, and I respect our Members on the  other side of the aisle, as we all have different areas that we focus  on. I will tell you this, rebuilding the military, increasing military  readiness, increasing defense funding has not been a key area of focus  for the minority leader or minority whip. It is just a fact--not bad or  good--just a different priority.    I also sit on the Armed Services Committee and the Veterans Affairs'  Committee, and there is a lot that we focus on in those committees,  particularly Armed Services, and a lot of us have been concerned about  the dramatic cuts in spending. From 2010 to 2016, the military has been  cut by 25 percent, even though we have had a dramatic increase in  national security challenges.   There is a certain group of Senators, I would say led by the Senator  from Arizona, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, Mr. McCain,  who focus on military issues, military readiness, increasing funding  for the troops, who really care about these issues and focus on them  daily. I consider myself one of them--a lot of Republicans, some  Democrats. The Members of this body know who they are, and we focus on  this a lot. Imagine my surprise yesterday and last night when the  minority whip and the minority leader started with new talking points  emphasizing that this impasse we are  [[Page S329]]  getting ready to see here and the impending possible shutdown is all  about their concerns about the military. Their concerns about the  military? How the CR was going to hurt the military? Well, with all due  respect, that is the first time in 3 years that I have heard the  leadership of the other party really emphasize that issue. Again, I  have a lot of respect for these men, but they just don't talk about  this issue. They don't. That is what they were doing. That is the new  talking point. This isn't about something else, it is about our troops.   Well, I think the newest talking points are something that is trying  to confuse the American people. Don't be confused by this. These are  not the Senators who come out every day and battle for more spending  for our troops. These are not the Senators who come down and care about  readiness. The new talking points are a little bit hard to swallow.   What was also surprising last night is that the new talking points-- how little the minority leader talked about actually the real issue-- the real issue, and it is a serious issue. Everybody in this body and  everybody in this city knows it is the real issue. Here it is. The  other side is saying, unless there is a deal on the DACA issue--which  is a serious issue--they will shut down the government. That is the  real issue. There is no debating it. It is not about the minority  leader's newfound concern about military readiness. That is the issue  we are debating.   Now, I think it is a serious issue, the Dreamers. I have met with  them. We have about 150 in Alaska. I think we need to help those young  men and women. They are great Americans--not Americans yet, but they  are great young people. We also need to focus on border security and  immigration reform. I certainly want to help them.   Here is the final point. What was missed last night is this talk  about--we heard the minority leader saying the CR is going to be bad  for the military. A continuing resolution is bad for the military-- again, a newfound focus on the military. I hope he joins us as part of  the number of Senators who really care and focus on military readiness  and defense spending every day, not just last night. What is worse for  the military beyond the continuing resolution--and a continuing  resolution is bad--but what is worse, there is no doubt about it, the  Deputy Secretary of Defense said it today, is a shutdown of the  government.   A shutdown of the government really hurts the military. I want to  encourage my colleagues, let's not do that. Let's not do that. We will  definitely be hurting the military then. Let's get back to work. Let's  fund the government. Let's pass this continuing resolution. Let's pass  the reauthorization to CHIP, which a lot of my colleagues, in the last  several months, have been saying we need to do. I agree. Let's do it  tonight. Let's find a resolution for the border security, DACA, and  immigration issues that we can get to a bipartisan agreement on.   What we shouldn't be doing here is coming down with new talking  points about how much the minority leader cares about military  readiness and military funding, when, to be truthful, that is the first  I have heard in 3 years an emphasis in that area. Let's fund the  military, certainly. Let's fund the government, but let's not shut down  the government tonight. That is not going to help anyone, and it  certainly--certainly--is not going to help our troops.   I yield the floor.   