 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment, which would direct  the Comptroller General to study the current and future availability of  pilots in the aviation workforce.   Since the implementation of new pilot training requirements for first  officers in 2013, two airlines which provided air service to my  congressional district have filed for bankruptcy, citing the inability  to find pilots as a primary factor in their financial struggles. Even  before withdrawing from Nebraska, both airlines had poor flight  cancellation records, which they indicated was caused by this issue,  severely reducing enplanements at these airports.   In rural areas like Nebraska's Third District, commercial air service  provides a vital economic link for communities which are several hours'  drive from the nearest major airport.   In an effort to further address the concerns of the seven communities  with passenger air service in my district and numerous others around  the country, this amendment merely asks GAO to study what the current  state of the aviation workforce is, where it is going in the future,  and what, if anything, we can do to mitigate pilot shortages. We must  do more to address these communities' concerns, and this study will  provide valuable information as we seek to address this problem.   Beyond the direct economic impact on these communities from the loss  of these flights, these cancellations have also caused overall  enplanements at airports such as Kearney, North Platte, and  Scottsbluff, Nebraska, and other airports in a number of other States,  to fall below the minimum 10,000 required to qualify for full Airport  Improvement Program funding.   Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the chairman and ranking member  for moving my other amendment en bloc to provide regulatory relief to  airports by treating them consistently with how they have been treated  previously.   Again, I urge support of this amendment we are currently debating,  which will direct GAO to study our current and future aviation  workforce needs, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Shuster).    Mr. Chairman, again, this amendment just asks  the Comptroller General to assess our current situation for aviation  and pilot needs. Canceled flights have been a major problem for  communities with the smaller airlines, and certainly we want to prevent  something in a similar manner from impacting the larger airports around  the country as well.   Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and ranking member for their  support, and I urge others to support this amendment.   I yield back the balance of my time.   