 Mr. Speaker, the CBS News program ``60 Minutes''  devoted more than half their show on Sunday to a 7-month investigation  into Allegiant Air, a low-budget airline based in Las Vegas.   The segment was called ``Allegiant Air: The Budget Airline Flying  Under the Radar.'' According to CBS, Allegiant is one of the most  profitable airlines in the U.S. and made a healthy profit for 60  straight months. And up until word came out about the expose on CBS,  its stock was doing pretty well, too.   In order to reward investors while still selling seats at rock-bottom  ticket prices, however, Allegiant pushes their aging, secondhand fleet  of 99 outdated aircraft beyond their limits. But, hey, apparently, in  corporate America, profits are more important than people, even if  carrying people safely is supposed to be your main concern.   So far, the only thing to crash with this airline is its high-flying  stock price, which is down 11 percent since word of the CBS story first  came out, because ``60 Minutes'' documented incident after incident-- more than 100 in a less than 2 years--of aborted takeoffs, unscheduled  landings, smoke-filled cabins, cabin-pressure loss, and other emergency  situations.   A former prosecutor at the FAA with 30 years of experience says:  ``You know, if, God forbid, there is an accident, I think there will be  a lot of people saying, `Well, we knew. We knew and we did nothing.'''   Mr. Speaker, Allegiant Air is a tragedy waiting to happen. And they  really should know better, and we as a country should know better,  because the CEO of Allegiant is none other than one of the founders of  ValuJet.   Do you remember them? They were the cut-rate airline that was  apparently cutting corners on safety to boost their position with  stockholders. But they aren't flying anymore because ValuJet flight  592, with 110 people on board, plunged into the Everglades after taking  off from Miami International Airport 22 years ago.   What we learned after the fact was that the airline drove up profits,  pushed its fleet to the edge, took extra freight in cargo holds to make  extra money, and cut corners on the safety of its passengers. And you  know what happened. People died.   We have seen this before, which leads to the very important question  for Congress: Why isn't anyone doing anything about it? Where is the  FAA? Where is the DOT and the committees of jurisdiction here in the  House of Representatives? I hear the Senators are doing something about  it.   Why have there been no hearings and so little response from the  Federal Government? ``60 Minutes'' made a compelling case that the  regulators are not doing their jobs. Host Steve Kroft said: ``Over the  last 3 years, the FAA has switched its priorities from actively  enforcing safety rules with fines, warning letters, and sanctions,  which become part of the public record''--so we would all know about  the safety of these airlines--``to working quietly with the airlines  behind the scenes to fix the problems''--yes, at the backs of the  American people that they are supposed to protect.   This airline, Allegiant, with 3.5 times as many serious emergency  incidents as any other airline, might be a special case or it might  just be typical, but we just don't know. And the American people just  don't know.   If the FAA isn't doing a good job of making sure Allegiant Air is  safe, what else are we missing about the airlines? We ought to demand  that the experts inside and outside of Congress get the facts and all  the people are accountable.   Now, I understand that the dirtiest word in the conservative  dictionary is ``regulation,'' and, frankly, it is not clear that the  downside in regulatory oversight happened exclusively or even more  rapidly since our current businessman and TV host President took  office; but I think it is clear that following the rules being  transparent and being accountable in American industry, especially the  airline industry where millions of lives are at stake every day, ought  to be a top priority.   When I sit down to dinner with my family, I want to know the chicken  and vegetables on my plate are safe to eat.  [[Page H3346]]  My car, my gadgets, and my flight home all deserve rigorous scrutiny. I  want to know that the water my grandson drinks is clean.   The American people are losing confidence, Mr. Speaker, that the  people who are supposed to be watching out for us are really watching  out for us when we eat, drink, breathe, travel.   There is a big drive in Congress to cut government budgets, cut red  tape, crusade against regulation. The other side demonizes regulation  almost as much as the President demonizes immigrants. But I just want  to make sure that, when the Federal Government and this Congress are  cutting budgets, we are not cutting corners that allow airplanes with  Americans on them, with anybody on them, with human beings on them, to  fly out of the sky so that companies can make better profits.   