 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Hensarling for all of his  leadership and for recognizing me to be able to rise in strong support  of this bipartisan legislation introduced by my colleagues on the  Financial Services Committee, Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer and  Congressman  Gregory Meeks.   Like so many regulations imposed by the 2010 Dodd-Frank law, the  current set of operational risk capital requirements imposed on  America's financial institutions place a one-size-fits-all solution on  banks, regardless of their capitalization, their various lines of  business, and the customers they serve.   The current standard under Dodd-Frank requires banks to look back and  hold operational risk capital against discontinued business activities  or products. In plain English, this means banks are being forced to  hold capital to hedge against a fictitious risk of a loan or a product  discontinued years ago.   This is not an effective way to determine capital requirements, nor  is it in line with the real risk these standards are meant to protect  consumers from.   This is hurting consumers by making credit less available in the  marketplace, and this especially hurts the small- and medium-size  hometown banks that our communities rely on.   To my constituents on Long Island, and to hardworking American  families across our country, the consequences of these misguided  regulations are more costly loans and less available mortgages. These  are the financial products that help small-business owners expand and  hire or help families buy a new home.   H.R. 4296 reforms operational risk requirements so they can be  focused on a bank's current activities and line of business. This  legislation keeps sound standards in place so that banks must avoid  risky behavior while also freeing up needed capital so that it can be  lent to consumers, not be needlessly held up in a vault to meet a  misguided government mandate.   By ensuring that capital standards are transparent, fair, and based  on real-life economic conditions, this bipartisan solution removes a  troubling roadblock to capital that would otherwise be allocated to  consumers, homeowners, and businesses.   Mr. Speaker, I want to again applaud the bipartisan teamwork of my  colleagues Blaine Luetkemeyer and  Gregory Meeks. I also want to thank  Chairman Hensarling for all of his leadership on this important issue  and so many others, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on  this important bipartisan bill.   