 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, and I rise today in  support of the farm bill conference report.   It is absolutely no secret that rural America, our farming  communities, from Franklin County and Addison County in Vermont to the  plains of Kansas and Iowa, to the Central Valley in California, are  facing a crisis. This conference report contains a number of positive  changes that will help in Vermont.   First, nutrition: Thankfully, we are acceding to the Senate position.  We have an economy where profits are up, record incomes for many  people, and increased poverty and nutrition challenges for children.  This makes certain that our kids are going to get the nutrition they  need.   Second, dairy: This farm bill revamps the existing dairy insurance  program, known as Margin Protection, for a more effective and  affordable insurance tool that is going to help our family farmers hang  on. I still believe we need supply management. It is the only  sustainable way to go, but this will help, and no one in Vermont needs  more help and is deserving of more help than our dairy farmers who have  done so much for our State.   Third, maple: Maple syrup is really an important component, including  for our dairy farmers. This bill halts a misguided FDA effort to  require an ``added sugar'' label to pure maple syrup. This is a pretty  stupid FDA regulation. It is now dead, gone forever, and it is really  helpful to our maple industry.   Fourth, organics: This farm bill doubles funding for Federal research  into organic protection methods, improves oversight of the global  organic trade, and funds the organic certification cost-share program.  More organics, better nutrition, more local agriculture, that is a very  good thing.   Fifth, hemp: This legislation legalizes industrial hemp production.    Mr. Speaker, this legislation legalizes industrial hemp  production, something that Vermonters have been advocating for for  decades. This is going to be a boost for local agriculture in Vermont  and other parts of our country.   And beyond these, there are a number of additional positive changes  contained in the bill. While no one got everything they wanted and many  of the urgent reforms that are needed on the commodity side are not  part of this, this will be a positive contribution to the well-being of  Vermont agriculture.   