 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise, along with my colleagues here, to  speak in strong support of the resolution to restore strong net  neutrality protections for Americans.   This is, obviously, what the American people want. For the vote that  was just taken on the motion to proceed, 52 for and 47 against, I think  it shows how the American people's will is being expressed in a  bipartisan way. The American people understand how important these  protections are to their lives and to the future of the internet. They  do not want to have their websites blocked or internet access slowed,  and they certainly don't want internet providers making those decisions  to block or slow.   More than 20 million residents of Florida understand just how vital  it is to have a free and open internet. I say that for my State, but  that is, obviously, the same for every other State as well. Millions of  schoolchildren in my State--from Pensacola to Orlando, to the Florida  Keys--and across the entire country benefit from educations that are  built on a free and open internet. That is why educators and librarians  throughout the country have rallied in favor of net neutrality. They  know that an internet that is no longer free and open is a lost  educational opportunity for our children.   Florida's colleges, universities, and technical schools rely on the  free and open internet for their vital educational and research  missions. Unfettered access to the internet is essential for research  into issues that are critical to the State and Nation, such as medical  research, climate change, sea level rise--whatever the research is.   Florida's growing economy is equally reliant on a free and open  internet. The growth of high-tech jobs all over the country and  particularly in Florida, including the growth across the middle swath  of Florida and the booming Space Coast has largely been built on  advanced high-speed internet networks that have been available in those  areas.   Small businesses that are all around also use the internet as the  great equalizer and bring the global marketplace to their very  doorsteps, but that global market for those companies exists only as  long as everyone on the internet is treated the same. If you start  picking and choosing, then you lose the value of that equalizing, of a  small company's having a great idea and having access to the  information just like a big company has.   Citizens throughout my home State rely on the internet for civic and  social engagement. The internet is today's social forum--the tool we  use to stay engaged in the lives of family, friends, and peers.   The internet can also be an equalizing force. As such, it has been a  place where communities of color have been able to tell their own  stories in a way that they have never been able to before. It has given  minority communities the power to organize, to share, and to support  each other's causes. To limit access to the net would be to help  silence these voices that are just beginning to be heard. I don't think  we want to do that.  [[Page S2703]]    Congress must ensure that the internet remains open to all--thus, the  vote that we have coming up in just about an hour and a half.  Unfortunately, the FCC has empowered internet providers to dictate  consumers' experiences online. What the Chairman of the Federal  Communications Commission did, Ajit Pai, is to go overboard in what he  has tried. This Senator has spoken over and over for moderation in the  approaches to how the FCC would be involved with regard to regulating  the internet. When websites can be blocked, when downloads can be  slowed, and when consumers then have to pay more to access what they  are actually looking for--that is not a free and open internet. It  becomes a closed internet.   I am very happy to be on the Senate floor with all of these other  Senators who have spoken in favor of restoring the FCC's net neutrality  protections. The resolution before us immediately restores the FCC's  strong consumer protections for the internet. It will make sure that  the internet content cannot be blocked or cannot be throttled. It will  prevent internet providers from charging more for transmitting certain  favored content. It will preserve the FCC's authority to examine other  practices that could harm consumers, and it will make sure that  consumers will be given understandable, basic information about their  internet services. It is necessary that this Congress protect  consumers' access to the internet.   The choice before us today is clear. A vote in favor of this  resolution is a vote to restore the free and open internet. It is a  vote to keep control of the internet in the hands of those who use it.  Congress must undo the FCC's decision to turn its back on American  consumers by stripping away net neutrality. The American public ought  to be what we consider first. So I am happy to support this resolution.  I call on my colleagues to join us in protecting a free and open  internet.   In closing, this Senator, as one of the leaders of the Commerce,  Science, and Transportation Committee, has so often spoken in favor of  the two sides getting together and negotiating legislation because we  keep going on this roller coaster whereby the FCC does one thing and,  then, the roller coaster goes the other way and it does another thing,  and each time it acts, it goes to court. Ultimately, there ought to be  a legislative solution.   Today is about taking a stand on the excessive action by the FCC so  that we can make sure to protect the free and open internet and give  the ingenuity and creativity and Yankee inventiveness of this country  the opportunity to continue to blossom by using this new technological  tool that has been, virtually, put into use in the past decade. We  don't want that internet throttled and limited. It needs to be free and  open.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   