 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, there are a lot of Americans who don't  understand what is happening right now. Republicans asked for control  of the U.S. Senate, they asked for control of the House of  Representatives, and they asked for control of the White House. They  got all three. They promised that by doing so, they would be able to  more effectively manage the affairs of state, and that is clearly not  happening right now. There is a fundamental inability to govern, as we  are now shut down for the second day.   Tomorrow is an important day because many of the functions that the  people expect from the Federal Government will not be there on Monday  morning, despite the fact that we have made some progress--first, on  Friday night on this floor, and subsequent to that, in private  discussions today--in order to reach an agreement that Republicans and  Democrats can support.   So I am here with several of my colleagues to make some fairly simple  requests of the U.S. Senate. It seems that if we were really adults, if  we were really going to operate like grownups and we were going to be  truly responsible stewards of the Federal Government, then we should be  able to keep the government open for a very short period of time while  we negotiate a way out of this.   As many folks know, we on the Democratic side, as well as some of our  Republican colleagues, don't think it is wise to do another month-long  continuing resolution, but why don't we just agree to keep the  government open tomorrow? Why don't we all just get together and say  that on Monday, people will be able to access the Federal Government,  and we can hopefully get to an agreement on a budget that is permanent,  that is long term, and that gives certainty to everybody who receives  something from or gives something to the Federal Government, by the end  of the day tomorrow? I think we can do that.   I am going to make a few more remarks, but before I do, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 36, H.R. 1301; that the amendment at the  desk that would provide for a continuing resolution to fund the  government through Monday, January 22, 2018, be considered and agreed  to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and  passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, let me make a few remarks. I am sorry that  the Senator decided to object to this unanimous consent request which  would simply keep the government open and operating for 24 hours so we  can try to come to an agreement.   Let me address the central point the Senator just made because I have  heard it repeated by many Members of the Republican leadership and  other Members of the Republican Senate conference.   This idea that there is no controversy because Democrats agree to  everything that is in the underlying continuing resolution is not true.  It is not true. We have now passed three different continuing  resolutions to just kick the can forward time and time again.   As we were considering this continuing resolution on Friday night,  the Department of Defense made an unprecedented decision to contradict  the views of the Commander in Chief by stating that they didn't want  another continuing resolution because without real, long-term certainty  for Department of Defense funding, we, the Members of the U.S.  Congress, are putting our national security at risk.   So the Democrats do not agree with everything in the underlying  continuing resolution because we don't think that it is----   Mr. TILLIS addressed the Chair.    We don't believe that it is right for this government to  continue to kick the can down the road.   I will just say personally that there are other things in that  continuing resolution that I object to as well. It is not just a  straightforward continuing resolution. It includes the repeal of  revenue that comes into the Federal Government to pay for the  Affordable Care Act. So it is not a straightforward continuing  resolution. There are other parts of that bill. One of them is a  further attempt by the Republican majority to gut the Affordable Care  Act and the money that is used to pay for it. There are other  provisions in that bill--intelligence provisions, counterterrorism  provisions--that many Members of the Senate have objections to as well.  So it is simply not true to say that there is unanimous agreement about  all of the provisions of the continuing resolution.  [[Page S422]]    Further, this idea that no negotiation happens between the  Republicans and Democrats and that Democrats are expected to vote for a  large, expensive piece of legislation with no input makes no sense  either. I understand you have to get 60 votes in order to pass it, but  how the Senate works is that in order to get to 60 votes, there has to  be a discussion between Republicans and Democrats. If I walked into a  restaurant and the waiter brought me a meal that I didn't order and  then told me that I had an obligation to pay for it, I might raise some  objections because that is not how restaurants work. That is also not  how the Senate works. The Republicans can't unilaterally write a piece  of legislation and tell Democrats that they have to support it,  especially when there are provisions in it that many of us do not  support.   I am sorry that we can't come to a simple agreement to keep this  government open on Monday so that we have the time and the space to put  the pieces of a long-term agreement together, which I think is easier  than many people think, while our constituents still have access to the  services of this government.   I am sorry that we can't agree to this unanimous consent request. I  hope we continue to work through the night and all through tomorrow to  make sure we have a long-term budget agreement that makes sure that  kids get their healthcare, that the community health centers stay open,  and that the military gets the funding they need. I think we can get  there.    Mr. President, I appreciate the Senator from North  Carolina offering apologies on behalf of other Members of this body, so  let me return the favor.   Let me offer an apology on behalf of the Republican majority for the  governance disaster that has occurred in the U.S. Congress over the  last year.   Why are we here today? We are here today because last year  Republicans spent all of their time and energy trying to steal health  insurance from 30 million Americans, trying to rescind protections for  people with preexisting conditions. They spent the first half of the  year trying to take insurance away from 30 million people. They were  not successful because the American people rose up and told this  Congress that was a terrible idea.   They spent the second half of the year trying to push through-- successfully this time--a massive tax cut for the wealthy; 80 percent  of that tax cut going to the richest 1 percent of Americans, equally as  unpopular as the healthcare repeal. That one was successful.   Meanwhile, during 2017, three disasters hit the United States--in  Texas,  [[Page S426]]  Florida, and Puerto Rico--and the Republican Congress forgot to pass  the assistance package that is normally automatic after a disaster  hits. Meanwhile, Republicans let the Children's Health Insurance  Program expire, and millions of frightened parents got notifications  that their toddlers' healthcare would cease to exist. Meanwhile, health  centers in this country, which provide some of the most important care  to the indigent, had their funding expire and all of a sudden had to  make budget plans for 2018 with half as much money as they thought they  were going to get. Meanwhile, Republicans didn't pass a budget, forgot  to pass a single appropriations bill, and CRs after CRs were required.   I am sorry, on behalf of my Republican friends, that they didn't do  their job in 2017. I am sorry that the American people gave control of  the House and the Senate and Presidency to the Republican Party and  they didn't pass a budget. They didn't pass disaster assistance. They  didn't reauthorize the Children's Health Insurance Program. They didn't  provide assistance to health centers.   We are trying to be the adults here and say that it is time to do our  job. It is time to get assistance to these disaster areas. It is time  to pass children's healthcare reauthorization for the long term and get  the money the health centers need to keep their doors open. The  Department of Defense needs a budget, not just for 4 months but for a  full year.   We are not asking for much. We are just asking for Congress to do its  job. At some point, somebody has to be the grownup. Somebody has to be  the adult. We are saying: Let's keep the government open for 1 day, 3  days, as long as it takes for us to do our job. But to pass another  monthlong continuing resolution with no hope in sight for the  Department of Defense, which needs its money, the disaster areas, the  kids, the health centers--that is not what we got elected to do.   This has been a governance disaster over the last year. This place  has not been doing its job. We ought to start right now. I love the  suggestion of staying all night. The Senator from North Carolina is  right--we are not going to get an agreement on all of these complicated  issues this evening, but, boy, we can try. Had we made the decision to  at least keep the government open and operating for 1 day or 3 days,  the pain at least would not be felt by the Americans who depend on  these services, because of the governance disaster that has been  visited upon this place over the past year.   I yield the floor.   