 I object.    We heard my colleague from Maryland and my colleague  from Arkansas; therefore, I object.    Mr. President, I rise to discuss my efforts on the  Senate Armed Services Committee, on behalf of the people of Indiana, to  craft and advance a defense bill that supports Indiana's role in our  Nation's defense and protect America's security interests and defense- related jobs.   Before I get to that, though, I want to take a moment to acknowledge  the chairman of our committee, my friend Senator John McCain. He is an  American hero. I hope as he watches the Senate do its bipartisan work  on this year's NDAA, the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization  Act, he knows that all of us here are thinking of him back in Arizona  and wishing him the best in his battle. When we think about John  McCain, we think about a fighter. We think about the epitome of a man  who defends our freedom every single day. I am proud he is our  chairman, and I am proud he is my friend.   Now I want to talk about provisions I secured in the national defense  bill that we are considering, efforts I supported, and an amendment I  filed.   I am proud of the many contributions Hoosiers make to the safety and  security of our Nation--most especially those brave men and women who  volunteer to put on the uniform in service to our country.   I am also proud of the thousands of working men and women who go to  work in the dark every day to manufacture the highest quality products  and equipment that support and protect our warfighters. From humvees  and transmissions to satellites and aviation braking systems, Hoosiers  know a key strength of our military is the technological and quality  advantage that American manufacturing gives to our warfighters.   In fact, it is with those friends and neighbors in mind that I want  to talk about the importance of ensuring that the equipment used by our  Armed Forces and the jobs--the moms and dads who go to work every day  to build that equipment--stay right here in America.   One of the provisions I pushed hard for and was included in the bill  requires the examination of the F-35 supply chain in order to ensure  that key manufacturing capabilities are not being sent abroad,  jeopardizing the backbone of America's future Air Force.   Workers at the Honeywell facility in South Bend, IN, currently  manufacture components for the braking mechanism for the F-35  airplane--one of the most  [[Page S3899]]  technologically advanced aircraft ever built. I am told that next  month, the last raw forging shipment will come to the facility for  Hoosier workers to manufacture these components. Honeywell is planning  to send that manufacturing work for the F-35 overseas to a plant in  Turkey.   While Turkey is a member of NATO, it is on a concerning path of  crumbling democratic norms, and it is in the process of purchasing a  missile defense system from Russia. That is not the kind of place where  we should be manufacturing critical components for one of the most  advanced warfighting machines in our arsenal, particularly when we have  trained, experienced, talented, patriotic, devoted American workers in  South Bend, IN, who want to continue doing this work protecting our men  and women and keeping our Nation safe.   What is more, if the U.S.-Turkey relationship deteriorates further, I  am concerned our country will not have access to a critical component  of our most sensitive aircraft or missile or radar. We don't currently  know what future threats to our supply chain will emerge. This Congress  and the American people should know the answers to those questions. I  believe my provision will help us get to the bottom of it and find  those answers.   Another provision I authored that the Senate Armed Services Committee  adopted as part of this bill would ensure that our Nation retains key  national security capabilities within the Federal workforce.   I also fought to keep key sectors of our defense industrial base  robust and secure from threats, such as tampering and counterfeit  parts. That work happens at the Naval Support Activity Center in Crane,  IN.   In addition, another measure I supported that is included in this  bill ensures that companies that provide products crucial to our  national defense are not purchased by a foreign adversary like China.  When it comes to our national defense work, I believe it is critical  that our policies encourage companies to invest in American workers and  communities at home and penalize those that ship work to foreign  countries. That is why I proposed an amendment that is simple and  clear: Federal defense contracts, funded by American taxpayers, should  go to companies that employ American workers.   My amendment, which is based on my End Outsourcing Act, would allow  contracting officers to take into consideration a company's outsourcing  practices when awarding Federal contracts. It is common sense. Our  Federal tax dollars should go to companies that invest in and support  American workers. When defense work is shipped from American companies  to other countries, it can hurt our national defense, our workers, and  our communities.   Finally, I want to highlight a provision that has been mentioned by  my colleagues that I strongly supported in this bill that helps protect  American telecommunications security, which is an important part of our  national security.   Specifically, this bill includes a provision that prohibits the  Department of Defense from procuring, obtaining, or renewing contracts  that utilize equipment or services from China's Huawei Technologies or  ZTE Corporation. Huawei is reportedly being investigated by the  Department of Justice for potentially violating U.S. sanction laws as  it relates to Iran. ZTE sold sensitive technologies to Iran and North  Korea in violation of U.S. sanctions laws.   I am concerned about the administration's recently announced deal to  roll back penalties against ZTE, and I think this measure in the  Senate, in our national defense bill, would be an important step toward  helping safeguard our telecommunications industry's security.   I am hopeful the Senate will soon pass the national defense bill. It  is bipartisan. It is not Democratic, it is not Republican; it is  American. It is an example of what we can accomplish together. I am  proud it will help protect our national security and American jobs, and  it also includes a number of provisions that are vital to Indiana.   I would like to close by again saying how honored we are that this is  the John McCain Defense bill. What an extraordinary chairman he has  been for us. We wish him well. We hope he is getting stronger every  single day, and we look forward to seeing him in the Chamber soon.   I yield the floor.   