 Mr. Speaker, I rise because I love my country.  I rise because I care about people. And because I love my country and  care about people, I rise on behalf of those living and deceased who  have suffered grave injustices associated with hate.   I rise on behalf of those who have suffered the injustices associated  with sexism, racism, nativism, Islamophobia, and xenophobia.   I rise on behalf of the slave mother who had her baby torn away from  her at the auction block. I rise on behalf of the mother at the border  of the United States of America who had her baby taken from her as her  baby cried to be in her mother's arms.   I rise on behalf of the many who have been persecuted for religious  beliefs, those who have suffered religious persecution.   I rise on behalf of the women who have been denied opportunities  because of their gender. I rise on behalf of the LGBTQ persons who have  suffered simply because of being who they are.   Mr. Speaker, I rise and I stand in the well of the Congress of the  United States of America against bigotry and hatred. I rise and stand  against the bigotry emanating from the Presidency, Mr. Speaker.   Mr. Speaker, I refuse to allow it to be reduced to his being a jerk.  I refuse to allow it to be reduced to something simply political. Mr.  Speaker, bigotry in our country has hurt too many for too long.   Mr. Speaker, I let others do what they may. I am not angry with  anyone, Mr. Speaker. Let them do what they may. But it is in my DNA to  oppose this bigotry, and I rise and I stand against it.   I will not let the Record show that when I was elected to Congress, I  did not do something about the circumstance that is changing the  culture in this country: persons running for office claiming that they  somehow can say that it is okay to go to a hanging; persons running for  office talking about monkey business, knowing how that relates to those  of African ancestry.   Mr. Speaker, I refuse to accept it. I rise to take a stand for the  many who have suffered from bigotry and hatred emanating from the  Presidency.   I rise.   