 Mr. Speaker, I am very excited to be here because I know  just how many disabled veterans in our country are on wait lists for  adult day healthcare and now will be getting a service that is just so  important and overdue.   I certainly want to thank Chairman Roe and his great staff, the House  Veterans' Affairs Committee, the ranking member and his team as well,  everybody coming together working hard on behalf of our disabled  veterans who need it most.   I rise in support of S. 324. It is the Senate companion to my bill,  H.R. 1005, which is a bill to provide adult day healthcare and save  State Veterans Homes for veterans who are 70 percent or more service- connected disabled. This bill is an extension to the Veterans Benefits,  Health Care, and Information Technology Act of 2006, which currently  provides no-cost nursing home care at any State Veterans Home to  veterans who are 70 percent or more service-connected disabled.   Medical model adult day healthcare provides comprehensive medical  nursing and personal care services combined with engaging social  activities for physically or cognitively impaired adults. Medical model  adult day healthcare offers a complete array of rehabilitative  therapies, including physical, occupational, and speech therapies,  hospice and palliative care, social work, spiritual, nutritional  counseling, and therapeutic recreation.   The program is designed to promote socialization and stimulation and  maximize the participant's independence, while enhancing their quality  of life. The program is staffed by a great team of multidisciplinary  healthcare professionals who evaluate each participant and customize an  individualized plan of care specific to their health and social needs.   Adult day healthcare is an alternative care setting that can allow  some veterans who require long-term care services to remain in their  homes as opposed to being institutionalized in a nursing home. Such  veterans typically require support from some, but not all, activities  of assisted daily living--ADLs--such as bathing, dressing, or feeding.   In many cases, the spouse or their family member may provide the  veteran with much of their care, but they require additional support  for some of the veteran's ADLs. By filling these gaps, adult day  healthcare can allow these veterans to remain in their homes and  communities for additional months, or even years, and thereby lower the  financial cost of caring for these heroes.   Adult day healthcare also provides family caregivers support and  relief to meet their other professional and family obligations and  provides a well-deserved respite while their loved ones are  participating in the program.   In addition to thanking Chairman Roe for his leadership and support  on this important issue, I also want to thank Senator Hatch for  carrying this effort in the Senate, as well as Fred Sganga and the Long  Island State Veterans Home in Stony Brook for their great efforts. That  is a State Veterans Home located in the First Congressional District of  New York, one of three places currently offering adult day healthcare.    Mr. Speaker, this is a piece of legislation that will  provide a valuable and necessary service to our Nation's veterans, and  I am urging my colleagues to support this commonsense, bipartisan  legislation.   What goes on too often unnoticed in this House is the great staff  that we have to help make these efforts possible. So, from the  leadership team, I want to thank staff John Leganski and Kelly Dixon,  and in my office, as legislative director, Kevin Dowling, and Matthew  Scott.   Thank you again to the great House Veterans' Affairs Committee, and  we will all greatly miss Chairman Roe as he departs. Hopefully, maybe  we will get him to change his mind, but in the meantime, I will just  say we enjoyed serving with him, and I hope that he won't go anywhere  for a very long time. He is a great leader for our veterans as well as  being our ranking member.   