 Mr. President, I join with my colleagues today to give  the country a sense of the scope of this epidemic. We have tried every  means to move our colleagues to action, but in remembering the names of  people who have been lost, it is a reminder that there is a human face  behind every single one of these numbers, and behind that victim there  is a trail of trauma--family members, friends, classmates--that is  difficult to unwind.  [[Page S1697]]    On December 14, 2012, armed with a tactical semiautomatic weapon with  clips of 30 bullets, a gunman walked into Sandy Hook Elementary School  in Newtown, CT, and killed 20 children, 6 adults, and himself.   Among them were Rachel D'Avino, 29, a teacher's aide; Dawn  Hochsprung, 47, the principal; Anne Marie Murphy, 52, a teacher's aide;  Lauren Rousseau, 30 years old, a teacher; Mary Sherlach, 56 years old,  a school psychologist; Victoria Soto, a 27-year-old teacher.   The students were Charlotte Bacon, 6 years old; Daniel Barden, 7  years old; Olivia Engel, 6 years old; Josephine Gay, 7 years old, Dylan  Hockley, 6 years old; Madeleine Hsu, 6 years old; Catherine Hubbard, 6  years old; Chase Kowalski, 7 years old; Jesse Lewis, 6 years old; Ana  Marquez-Greene, 6 years old; James Mattioli, 6 years old; Grace  McDonnell, 7 years old; Emilie Parker, 6 years old; Jack Pinto, 6 years  old; Noah Pozner, 6 years old; Caroline Previdi, 6 years old; Jessica  Rekos, 6 years old; Avielle Richman, 6 years old; Benjamin Wheeler, 6  years old; Allison Wyatt, 6 years old.   I have a 6-year-old, and yesterday he and 24 of his classmates were  locked in a tiny bathroom for several minutes for an active shooter  drill. When he came home last night, he said: Daddy, I didn't like it.   Since Sandy Hook in Connecticut, there have been hundreds more: Lisa  Infante, 52, of Shelton; Antoine Heath, 29, of New Haven; Jonathan  Aranda, 19, of New Haven; Miguel Arguelles, 22, of Bridgeport; Cameron  Chapman, 25, of Waterbury; Sherrie Blount, 31, of Danbury; Ebony Swaby,  22, of Waterbury; Daniel Joseph Caron, Sr., 63, of Bristol; Michael  Watkins, 26, of Bridgeport; Keon Huff, Jr., 15, of Hartford; Joshua  Rivera, 28, of New Haven; Deon Rodney, 31, of Bridgeport; Khali Davis,  22, of Bridgeport; Norris Jackson, 36, of Bridgeport; Eduardo Anes, 37,  of Hartford; Alfanso Anderson, 49, of Bridgeport; Guy Moore, 26, of  Waterbury.   That is just the tip of the iceberg as to what has happened since  Sandy Hook, just in my State of Connecticut--representing only 1  percent of the population.   A 6-year-old shouldn't be locked into a bathroom, smushed together  with 24 of his classmates, preparing for the day when a shooter  potentially walks into his public elementary school. We have a duty to  act.   I yield the floor.   