 Madam President, I rise to speak about title XVII of the  NDAA, which reforms the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United  States, or CFIUS, and export controls.   The last time CFIUS underwent reform was in 2007.   Recognizing that the foreign investment and national security  landscape has changed significantly over the past decade, Senators  Cornyn and Feinstein led the charge by introducing the Foreign  Investment Risk Review Modernization Act, FIRRMA, last November.   They and others deserve a tremendous amount of credit for their  critical leadership on this issue.   As the Banking Committee examined this issue, it became clear that  the appropriate outlet for addressing the national security concerns  highlighted by Senator Cornyn and others would involve not only CFIUS  reform, but export control modernization as well.   With the help of Senator Brown and all of my colleagues on the  Banking  [[Page S5542]]  Committee, we were able to craft a bipartisan product which passed out  of committee in May with a unanimous 25-0 vote.   I thank Senator Brown and all of my colleagues on the committee for  their efforts and contributions to the bill.   Additionally, the bill would not have been possible without the  technical expertise and leadership of the team at the Department of  Treasury, as well as the Commerce and Defense Departments, and the  other interagency stakeholders who provided input. I thank them as  well.   Throughout the entire process, we received strong support from the  Armed Services Committee, who allowed us to include FIRRMA in this  year's NDAA and maintained the integrity of the bill in that process.  For that, I thank Chairman McCain, Senators Reed and Inhofe, and other  members of the Armed Services Committee.   Our counterparts on House Financial Services, Foreign Affairs, Energy  and Commerce, and Armed Services Committees were equally instrumental  in developing the final bill and seeing it across the finish line in  the House.   I thank Chairman Hensarling and Ranking Member Waters for their  leadership on the concurrent House efforts and their work to improve  the bill in conference.   I also thank Chairman Royce and Ranking Member Engel of the House  Foreign Affairs Committee for their work in repealing and replacing  parts of the Export Administration Act, which was needed since the  statute lapsed more than two decades ago.   The final bill that appears in NDAA is the result of months of  bipartisan, bicameral, and cross-government efforts to appropriately  tailor and modernize CFIUS and export control authorities to ensure the  continued protection of U.S. national security, while promoting foreign  investments in the U.S.   Notably, CFIUS's jurisdiction is expanded to cover four new areas of  investments, namely certain minority, noncontrolling investments  pertaining to critical technology, critical infrastructure, and  exposure of sensitive personal data; changes in a foreigner's rights  regarding a US business; the purchase, lease, or concession by or to a  foreign person of certain real estate in close proximity to sensitive  facilities; and any other vehicle designed to evade CFIUS.   Additionally, the bill creates a concept of declarations, or ``light  filings,'' which may be submitted voluntarily or are required for  certain transactions where a foreign government has a substantial  interest and may be required for transactions where critical technology  is involved.   The bill also makes critical improvements to the administrative  workings of CFIUS including timing of reviews, structure, funding, and  examination of resource needs.   In addition to modifying parts of the Export Administration Act, the  bill requires the President to establish an interagency process to  identify emerging and foundational technologies that are not currently  subject to export controls and authorizes the Secretary of Commerce to  establish appropriate controls on such technology.   To complement those new authorities, the bill strengthens export  control enforcement authorities.   The legislation that we are voting on today represents a very  serious, bipartisan effort to ensure that our critical technologies are  safeguarded, while preserving important free market principles and an  open foreign investment environment.   I am proud to support the final product and again thank my colleagues  in the Senate, House, and various agencies for their hard work and  efforts to advance this critical legislation.   