 Mr. Chairman, this has been a very busy week  in the House.   I just came to the floor from a ceremony where I signed three major  pieces of legislation that are now headed to the President's desk to  become law.   This House has been very busy keeping its promises: to unleash our  economy, to take care of our veterans, to provide hope for the  terminally ill.   We just signed those three things that are now on their way to the  President's desk.   But perhaps the most important promise that we made was the one that  we made to the men and women who serve in our Armed Forces.   We promised to start rebuilding our military to give them the  resources that they need to do their jobs, to reassert the United  States' dominance in our military in the world.   After tax reform, that was my most important legislative priority,  because that was our most important legislative priority.   Mr. Chairman, it is another promise kept.   Earlier this year, we enacted a historic increase in military  funding, made possible by the bipartisan budget agreement that came  before it.   This allowed us to advance the bill that we have before us right here  today.   I want to thank the members of the Armed Services Committee, the  ranking member, but I especially want to thank Chairman Thornberry for  his work on this bill and his tireless advocacy for our men and women  in uniform.   This National Defense Authorization presents another major step  toward rebuilding and reforming our military. It will repair the damage  done over the previous decade. It starts with readiness. It starts with  readiness because this country has had a readiness crisis that has been  costing us lives.   More American servicemembers are being killed in accidents and  training exercises than on the battlefield. As Secretary Mattis put it,  he was shocked by the poor state of our readiness. We must reverse  that.   This bill invests in training. This bill invests in equipment. It  grows the size of all branches of our military, and it prioritizes  missile defense and our nuclear deterrent.   It is a very dangerous world, and this legislation will help us  counter the threats, whether they are new or traditional, whether from  China or Russia or Iran or North Korea.   But, like I said, we are not just rebuilding our military, we are  reforming our military. The legislation streamlines the bureaucracy and  improves the buying practices so that we are not devoting more  resources to waste, we are devoting more resources to what counts:  keeping this country strong and keeping this country safe.   And, of course, we are taking care of our servicemembers and their  families with the biggest pay raise for our troops in 9 years.   I am so proud of this legislation. I am so proud of our legislators.  I am so proud of the chairman for making this moment possible.   Here we are, not just keeping our promise, but making this a better,  stronger, safer United States. This will have a lasting impact, and  this will ensure that America continues to lead in the 21st century.   Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and the members of the committee,  and I urge adoption of this bill.   