 Madam President, as a parent, I know there is nothing  more important than the health and safety of our children. It is the  most basic desire of any mom or dad to watch their child grow up happy  and healthy and to achieve his or her God-given potentials. Sadly, for  too many children in this country, the chance at a healthy life and a  bright future is stunted by external environmental factors beyond their  control.   In some communities, in States like my home State of Indiana, with a  long history of commercial and industrial manufacturing, the potential  for exposure to hazardous contamination is a reality that must be  constantly monitored and carefully managed. For that reason, I would  like to talk about why our work on this appropriations bill that would  fund agencies, including the Department of Labor, as well as Health and  Human Services, is so important.   Last week, the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry, also  known as ATSDR, held a community meeting in East Chicago, IN, to  discuss the ongoing impacts of lead exposure in particular  neighborhoods built over an old U.S. Steel lead smelter.   At the meeting, ATSDR released a report which indicated that in these  neighborhoods 30 percent of children tested between 2005 and 2015 had  blood lead levels above the CDC's reference level. That is 12 times  higher than the national average of 2.5 percent.   The impacts of lead exposure are dangerous and irreversible. Even low  levels of lead have been shown to affect a child's I.Q., the ability to  pay attention, and academic achievement. Think about what that means  for these children, for their families, for the community, and for our  country.   In East Chicago, the fight to combat lead exposure is a team effort,  and it also includes partners from the city, the State department of  health, and IDEM, as well as the Environmental Protection Agency and  the Departments of Housing and Urban Development and Health and Human  Services at the Federal level.   It is critical that our Federal partners continue to support these  efforts by providing the best science, research, and resources to help  identify and remediate contamination, as well as educate our impacted  communities. That is why I am pleased that this appropriations bill  more than doubles the current level of funding for CDC's efforts to  reduce childhood lead poisoning. This funding is critical for lowering  blood lead levels and preventing future harm. It also helps educate  healthcare providers and the public about lead poisoning, monitor  childhood blood lead levels, and provide funding to States for  childhood lead-poisoning prevention.   Another important tool we have to protect the health and safety of  our communities is Trevor's Law. Authored by my good friend Senator  Mike Crapo and passed as part of the bipartisan Frank Lautenberg  Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act in 2016,  [[Page S5802]]  Trevor's Law was designed to provide Federal agencies with the  authority to help conduct investigations and to take the necessary  actions to help address factors that may contribute to the creation of  cancer clusters. Additionally, the law is intended to better enable  Federal agencies to coordinate with State and local agencies and the  public in investigating and addressing potential cancer clusters. It is  the type of commonsense support and coordination Americans expect when  they face the fear that something may be putting the health and the  safety of their community and their beloved children at risk.   For the community of Franklin, IN, in Johnson County, Trevor's Law is  the type of Federal support they need today as they work with the State  to seek answers to reports that nearly 50 children have been diagnosed  with various types of cancers in the last 8 years. Unfortunately for  these families, many of whom I have had the privilege and opportunity  to get to know, Trevor's Law has not yet been implemented. That is why  I am offering a simple amendment. It provides $1 million to fund the  implementation of Trevor's Law so we can leverage every bit of  knowledge, research, expertise, and ingenuity to make sure our  communities are safe places to raise our families.   We are blessed to live in a great country, founded on the idea that  our children can grow up to be anything they dream of. Our job is to  keep that promise for future generations and to give young people every  chance there is to succeed. I urge my colleagues to join me and Senator  Crapo in taking this important step to ensure that we employ the very  best scientific research, knowledge, response, and coordination to  ensure that our communities remain safe places to raise our children.   Madam President, I yield back.   