 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my important  bipartisan amendment to halt the sale and marketing of Plum Island, New  York, by the General Services Administration.   Situated at the gateway of the Long Island Sound, Plum Island is a  treasure for our local community in both New York and Connecticut. As a  critical resource for research, approximately 90 percent of the land on  Plum Island has been sheltered from development, protecting the diverse  ecosystem of Long Island Sound and critical habitat for migratory  birds, marine mammals, and rare plants. With recorded history dating  back to the 1700s, Plum Island is also an essential cultural and  historical resource.   Since World War II, Plum Island has been utilized as a resource  laboratory. The facility, which has been under Federal jurisdiction  since 1899, has since grown to become what is known today as the Plum  Island Animal Disease Center.   In 2005, the Department of Homeland Security, which currently has  jurisdiction over the island, announced that the Animal Disease Center  would be moved to a new Federal facility in Kansas. To offset the cost  of this relocation, a law was enacted in 2008 that called for the  private sale of Plum Island to the highest bidder.   The traditional interagency consultation process regarding the  disposal of Federal property was bypassed, fast-tracking the potential  sale of this island without consulting the local community or other  Federal agencies. This statutory mandate was also based on a false  assumption that a sale could offset the cost of the new facility, when  the true value of the island, including cleanup costs, still are not  clear.   The town of Southold, New York, has local jurisdiction over the  island and has passed ordinances preventing any private development.  This factor, coupled with the significant cleanup and environmental  mitigation costs associated with closing this facility, gives Plum  Island little to no commercial value.   Furthermore, according to a DHS report issued in April of 2016, the  new site in Manhattan, Kansas, is already fully paid for through a  combination of Federal appropriations and State funding.   Allowing for continued research, public access, and permanent  preservation of the island is a priority shared by elected officials,  conservation groups, and local residents on both sides of the sound.   The GSA must stop advancing the sale of this island and stop wasting  taxpayer money on retaining expensive real estate firms in violation of  the will of the people and in spite of pending litigation over this  proposed sale.   This amendment allows Congress to use the power of the purse to stop  the GSA from marketing or selling the island while we continue the  fight for a permanent solution that will preserve the island for  conservation and education.  [[Page H6537]]    Mr. Chairman, this amendment passed the House on a bipartisan vote in  2016 as part of Financial Services and General Government  Appropriations. My similar stand-alone bill, the Plum Island  Preservation Act, has also passed with unanimous support in the House  now in two consecutive Congresses.   Mr. Chairman, I once again urge all of my colleagues to support this  bipartisan amendment.   Mr. Chairman, in closing, I thank my partners from Connecticut, Rosa  DeLauro and Joe Courtney, for once again introducing this amendment  with me. I also thank my additional cosponsors from New York, Kathleen  Rice, Tom Suozzi, and  John Faso. The broad range of bipartisan support  for this effort throughout our region shows what an important gem Plum  Island is for our environment and for our history.   Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   