 Mr. President, when you think about fast-growing startup  companies, you might think about Silicon Valley, Boston, or Boulder.  Though all these cities certainly have very vibrant ecosystems,  innovative startups and small businesses are launching and growing  across the United States, including in my home State of Michigan.   In every State, there are hard-working entrepreneurs who have  established job-creating startups. These dynamic companies act as  business leaders, innovators, and job creators within our communities.   This is why I am working with Senators Warren, Tillis, and Scott to  commemorate Startup Week Across America and celebrate the ingenuity and  entrepreneurship in our States and across the country. I kicked off  this annual event in 2013 while serving in the House of  Representatives. In the years since, I have had the privilege of  visiting startups in Grand Rapids, Detroit, and Traverse City.   I have met with business founders who code apps for Fortune 500  companies, design and produce high-end jeans and other denim products,  and grow and deliver farm-fresh products.   This Monday I visited Ferris Wheel, a new coworking space in Flint,  MI, a community of hard-working Michiganders who are focused on their  future.   The people of Flint are committed to building a stronger, healthier,  more prosperous community, and they are  [[Page S5096]]  committed to doing it together. You can see this in their schools and  their churches and nonprofits, and you can see this in their startups  and small businesses.   One of the best parts about starting a business in Flint is 100K  Ideas, a nonprofit staffed by university students committed to helping  entrepreneurs start their companies. This group is named in honor of  the 100,000 residents of Flint and inspired by the thought that if they  could pull one idea from every local resident, they could change the  world.   This week, I had the chance to learn about a few of these new ideas.  I met Kiara Tyler, the founder of Kalm Clothing. She moved the  furniture out of her apartment to make room for inventory and stocked  boxes of overalls and track suits where her couch used to be, while  using her car as the company's headquarters. Now Kiara has done over  $100,000 worth of business. She is selling her clothing online, and she  has space for her office and inventory at Ferris Wheel. Flint is her  home, and she is excited to stay and to build her business in Michigan.   I learned about Article One Eyewear, a company that has taken on  office space next door to her. They sell handcrafted eyeglasses and  donate a portion of their proceeds to combat vitamin A deficiency and  to fight blindness in developing nations.   I also met with SkyPoint Ventures, a true homegrown Michigan story.  While they are a for-profit investment fund, they have also committed  to social benefit projects and making Flint a better place to live and  to do business. In addition to investing in companies like Article One,  SkyPoint renovated the Ferris Building to create the Ferris Wheel  coworking space and commit to the growing community of startups in the  city of Flint.   Successful business growth comes down to matching talent to capital,  and the United States does this better than any other country in the  world. I am proud to say that I had a chance to see this happening  firsthand in Flint and across the State of Michigan.   Michigan, in fact, has one of the fastest growing venture capital  communities in the entire Nation, a critical asset that will help us  become the startup capital of the Midwest. We have world-class colleges  and universities, more engineers per capita than any other part of the  country, and the infrastructure to export not just nationally but  global as well.   I know that if we keep pulling together as a community and harness  100,000 ideas and beyond, Flint's future is bright. I know that  Michigan's small businesses and startups will help to lead the way to  new innovations that will revolutionize our economy.   I am committed to ensuring that our growing startup communities will  be a fixture of creativity, innovation, and job creation for decades to  come.   I yield the floor.   