 Mr. President, I rise today to honor Michigan's farmers.  Agriculture is a vital part of Michigan's economy. Our State is home to  more than 51,000 farmers who contribute  [[Page S1746]]  over $100 billion to the Nation's economy.   Michigan is also the second most diverse farm State in the Nation,  growing more than 300 commodities, including a significant portion of  our Nation's milk, corn, cherries, cucumbers, and much more.   Michigan farmers and farmers across our country feed the Nation and  the world, and we must do what we can to support them. Our agricultural  businesses rely on the ability to access the resources they need to  keep growing, creating jobs, and contributing to our national economy.   Access to these resources can be especially challenging for new farm  operations that are just getting started, including small farms that  make up 82 percent of Michigan's agricultural producers. Small farms  that are just starting out and are facing tough economic conditions  sometimes struggle to have access to affordable credit. These  businesses rely upon important services provided by the Farm Service  Agency, which works with lenders to guarantee and deliver small-dollar  loans to the small farmers who need it most.   Farm Service Agency loans and guarantees can help farmers cover  urgent operating costs like feed, seed, and fertilizer to get them  through the season. Without these loans, farmers could lose their  ability to purchase equipment and other necessities for the planting  season and could be forced to curtail their operations.   Currently, more than 2,300 farms in Michigan have Farm Service Agency  loans, totaling more than $630 million. Across the country last year,  the Farm Service Agency made and guaranteed almost 40,000 loans,  totaling over $6 billion.   This program is in such high demand that in 2016, the Farm Service  Agency ran out of money to finance operating loans. This included more  than 1,000 loans that have already been approved. This led to a  backlog, and farmers were forced to wait for months until Congress  passed emergency funding to get the loans they needed for their day-to- day operations.   Access to capital is critical across a range of businesses, but it is  incredibly important for our small farmers. They can lose out on an  entire growing season if they can't buy the equipment and the supplies  they need while they wait on Congress to fund the Farm Service Agency.   This year the FSA loan programs are again on track to exceed  available funding, and if that happens, farmers will again be stuck  waiting on Congress to receive the loan they deserve and need.   That is why I introduced bipartisan legislation this week with my  colleague, Senator David Perdue of Georgia, to provide greater  flexibility to the FSA loan program to continue serving farmers during  periods of high demand.   My bill--the Farm Service Agency Loan Flexibility Act--would allow  the FSA program to increase its loan authority in years when the demand  for loans unexpectedly exceeds the supply of funding.   The legislation would enable FSA to increase the available loan  funding by up to 25 percent for the fiscal year for self-funding loans  and guarantees that do not require appropriation. It would also  authorize FSA to increase the loan cap by up to 25 percent for FSA  direct loans that require budget authority and would allow FSA to draw  stopgap funding for these direct loans from the Commodity Credit  Corporation.   I am proud to have the support of the Michigan Farm Bureau, the  Michigan Agri-business Association, the American Bankers Association,  and the National Farmers Union, among many others.   Like our small businesses, students, and families, America's farmers  deserve to have affordable loan options. They deserve our attention and  they deserve our support.   I urge my colleagues to support the Farm Service Agency Loan  Flexibility Act to help meet the financial needs of our farming  communities as they support and sustain us each and every day.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   