 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in favor of my  amendment which protects the Mississippi River and Tributaries System  and its floodways. The MR&T is our Nation's most successful flood  control and navigation system expanding from Cape Girardeau, Missouri,  down through Louisiana near the Gulf of Mexico.   Since 1928, the MR&T has prevented $1 trillion in flood damage and  protected the lives of millions who live in the Mississippi Valley.   The MR&T's floodways and backwaters throughout the system relieve  pressure on the Mississippi levees during flooding and are essential to  keeping the system functioning. One of those floodways is in southeast  Missouri, the Birds Point-New Madrid Floodway.   In 2011, the Mississippi River experienced historic flooding, leading  to the Army Corps' decision to intentionally breach, with explosives,  the Birds Point Floodway. As a result, 130,000 acres of land were  flooded, destroying people's homes, towns, and crops.   The people of southeast Missouri are resilient and, in the aftermath  of this tragic action, tried to pick up the pieces and return to their  lives. Unfortunately, it was not until over a year and a half later  that the Army Corps returned the destroyed levees back to their  original design. There were even some who indicated that perhaps these  levees not be built back at all. That is truly unacceptable.   Floodway activation impacts not just residents in the floodways, but  all of 4\1/2\ million people protected by the MR&T system. Floodways  are a critical part of the MR&T, and their restoration after activation  should never be in question.   My amendment ensures that, in the event of activation of any floodway  or backwater feature within the MR&T, the Army Corps will prioritize  expedient restoration of the damaged floodway's levees back to the  original protection.   Activation of any floodway on the MR&T has serious consequences and  should only be done as a last resort. This amendment simply ensures  activated floodway is restored. My amendment is essential to the peace  of mind of all people living near floodways and to the proper function  of the MR&T.   I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I would absolutely say that the  gentleman from Louisiana is correct. It is for floodways and for  restoration that have been activated.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my  time.   