 Madam President, I wish to thank my colleague Chairman  Grassley for the excellent work on this issue, on which he has helped  to lead us all. We have a working group. The Presiding Officer herself  belongs to  [[Page S862]]  a small working group. We have introduced legislation this week that  transforms the President's four-pillar framework into an actual bill,  and it is the one bill that can become a law.   We have a plan not to pass a bill but to pass a law, because twice in  the last 12 years, the Senate has passed a bill that hasn't become a  law because the House of Representatives couldn't pass it and,  therefore, ultimately, the President couldn't sign it.   I urge my colleagues: Let's not simply signal our virtue to our  counterparts in the House or to the President by passing a bill. Let's  solve this problem by passing a law.   This bill is the one bill that can become a law because it is the one  bill that translates the President's framework into actual legislation.  It provides legal status and ultimately citizenship for people who were  brought here through no fault of their own as minors, before the age of  accountability. It provides more money and legal authorities to secure  our southern border and to help our brave immigration agents. It  eliminates the useless diversity visa lottery and reallocates those  green cards for more productive and worthwhile purposes, and it puts an  end to the practice of extended-family chain migration, allowing  immigrants to bring not just his or her spouse and minor children but  parents, siblings, and, ultimately, grandparents, aunts, uncles,  cousins, and on down their extended family tree.   That doesn't solve every problem under the sun we have with  immigration. It doesn't, for instance, include mandatory nationwide E- Verify, which I would support. It doesn't resolve the many problems we  have with numerous temporary guest worker visas. But it is consistent  with the President's framework, and it solves the problem in front of  us of young people who were brought here through no fault of their own,  but also it has the side effect of giving those people legal status.   I know there are a lot of half measures floating around the Senate  right now, saying that we should give legal status to these 1.8 million  people in return for a small pittance at the southern border, but that  simply will not do. It is not responsible because if we give those  people legal status, we will have two negative side effects. First, we  will create more incentives--perverse incentives--to encourage illegal  immigration with minor children to this country. That is dangerous. It  is immoral, not to mention unwise from our national interests.   Second, if we give legal status to these 1.8 million people, we will  create a whole new pool of legal permanent residents and, ultimately,  citizens who can naturalize their extended family, including their  parents--the very people who created the problem to begin with-- undermining the rationale for the program to begin with. Remember, that  rationale was that children ought not pay for the sins of their  parents. But, surely, parents can pay for their own sins.   If we do those things--provide legal status for the 1.8 million  people who find themselves in this situation through no fault of their  own, but control those negative side effects by securing our border,  and ending the practice of extended-family chain migration--we will  have a bill that can become a law.   At the same time, we will also grandfather in every person who is  currently in the backlog waiting to come to this country, who has  applied to get a green card because they have a parent or child or  sibling in this country. Some of them have been waiting up to 20 years.  So no one will be cut out of that waiting line.   Furthermore, we will continue to allow American citizens to get a  renewable, nonworker visa for their elderly parents who live overseas.  So if you immigrated to this country and still have parents back in the  home country who need your care, who need to live at home with you or  maybe live down the street in a nursing home, this law will allow you  to have a visa to bring them here.   That is a generous, humane solution, but it also is one that handles  the problem responsibly and starts to build the kind of immigration  system that this country needs--a system that focuses on the skills  that our economy needs, not one that is just based on family ties or  country of origin.   For that reason, it is immensely popular. A recent poll showed that  65 percent of Americans support this proposal. Two out of every three  Americans support it, and they should, since, after all, every part of  this proposal is popular.   Most of us have seen polls that suggest that fewer than 20 percent of  Americans want to see these people return to their country, which in  many cases they don't remember. At the same time, 72 percent want to  end the practice of extended-family chain migration, and securing our  southern border is equally as popular.   Oftentimes in Congress, we have to make a tough choice between  something that is popular and necessary and something that is  unpopular, but in this legislation, we are simply asking our colleagues  to do the right thing--to take the responsible step--which happens to  be popular with the American people as well. It should be popular  because it is both generous and humane on the one hand but responsible  on the other hand. It is the only approach that will begin to change  our immigration system from one that treats people based on where they  come from and to whom they are related to a system that treats them for  who they are. There is nothing that could be more American than that.   I urge my colleagues to recognize that this is the one bill that the  House of Representatives can pass, can earn the President's signature,  and can become a law. So I will simply say again, as we go through this  exercise, let's have a plan that is going to pass a law, not pass a  bill.   I yield the floor.   