 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, I thank my colleagues Senator Tom Udall  and Senator Richard Blumenthal for joining me to visit the southwest  border last week. We went to the border to seek answers and to demand  accountability for the very real human impacts of President Trump's  cruel and unnecessary policy of separating children from their parents.   The permanent trauma these policies are inflicting on parents and  their innocent children, many of whom are refugees who are fleeing  violence and seeking asylum, is inhumane and horrific. Taking thousands  of children--some as young as infants and toddlers--away from their  parents and detaining them as a form of punishment or deterrence is  ineffective and morally indefensible.   After all, under the rule of law, refugees who flee violence have a  right to request asylum. As of now, only about 500 children of the over  2,000 children in custody have been reunited with their families since  President Trump signed an Executive order last Wednesday that ended his  family separation policy. There is still no clear plan from the White  House that ensures all children will be reunited with their families.  This is simply unacceptable.   This crisis was born from malice, and, frankly, it has been inflamed  by incompetence. As an American and as a father, I will not just sit  by. What we saw last Friday along the border, which has been ground  zero for President Trump's so-called zero tolerance policies, has had a  profound impact on me.   We learned that there are over 250 teenagers who are being housed in  a temporary tent city detention facility in Tornillo, TX. We met with  families who are being held at a Border Patrol station in El Paso who  told us about their difficult journeys and the violence they  experienced in their home countries that they are desperately trying to  escape. Let me share the story of just one of these families who was in  the Border Patrol's custody.   I met a father who is in his midtwenties who came here with his,  roughly, 2-year-old daughter, named Gabriella. He told us they fled  here, seeking asylum, because his home country of Honduras was violent  and unstable, and he wanted a better future for his daughter.   If he had arrived before President Trump's Executive order last week,  just a few days earlier, his little girl would have been, literally,  torn from his arms. I can't tell you whether Gabriella and her father  will be granted asylum. I suspect that will be decided by an  immigration judge, but at least we know he will be able to keep his  daughter by his side through this difficult process. It is  unforgiveable that thousands of families facing similar circumstances  are still separated, with no knowledge of where their children are,  with no knowledge of if or when they will be reunited--all because of  the Trump administration.    During our visit we also learned troubling details about the process  facing asylum seekers who are attempting to enter our Nation legally at  our ports of entry. At the Paseo del Norte Port of Entry in El Paso, we  learned firsthand how the Trump administration's actions are creating  unnecessary delays on asylum claims for those fleeing violence and  persecution. What is more, the mixed messages and outright lies coming  from the White House and administration officials are creating real  confusion and chaos on the ground for those actually responsible for  carrying out the President's policies. There is not enough transparency  from the White House or from Federal agencies. There is not enough  oversight from this administration.   We absolutely need to know what is going on. That is why we are  calling for immediate hearings on the Trump administration's inhumane  border policies and accountability and oversight of those responsible  for carrying those policies out. Anything short of accounting for every  single child affected  [[Page S4698]]  by this policy is unacceptable and unconscionable. We must hold the  White House accountable for adhering to our laws, to American values,  and for executing a clear plan to right these wrongs.   It is important for us to recognize that the intentionally cruel  separation of families that we have witnessed in recent weeks and  months is only one piece of a larger systemic campaign by this  administration to dehumanize our immigrant communities. These inhumane  enforcement policies follow President Trump's discriminatory Muslim  travel ban. They follow his refusal to offer refugee status to those  from war-torn countries, such as Syria. They follow his cancellation of  legal status for immigrants who escaped natural disasters and  unthinkable violence in Haiti, Honduras, and El Salvador. They follow  his unjust ending of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or the  DACA Program, and his repeated efforts to derail any efforts in  Congress to reach a bipartisan consensus on responsible immigration  policies that would make smart investments in security at our borders,  that would keep our communities safe, and that would recognize the  dignity and vibrancy of those border communities.   Despite President Trump's continued determination to sabotage any  good-faith efforts, I continue to believe that our Nation desperately  needs Congress to pass comprehensive immigration legislation. That  includes a visa system that meets the needs of our economy, a fair path  to earn citizenship for the estimated 11 million people in our country  who are undocumented, and a plan that ensures security at our Nation's  borders. Rather than stirring up division and targeting law-abiding  immigrants who are working hard to support their families and pay  taxes, we should focus our enforcement activities and resources on  violent criminals. We must also act with a sense of urgency to find a  responsible way forward for the hundreds of thousands of Dreamers who  are just as much a part of our communities as any one of us. They are  Americans in every way except on paper. I will not give up on them.   None of President Trump's callous actions on immigration represent  the values of the America that I know and love--the America that  welcomed my father and his family as they emigrated here from Germany  in the 1930s. When I think about immigration, I always wonder how  different my life would be if America had turned my family away, had  turned my father away, or had broken his family apart.   Sadly, that is not an abstraction. It is not an abstract question for  thousands of families still desperately hoping to be reunited now. Just  like my father's family, these families are mothers, fathers, and  children who are overwhelmingly people seeking to come to America  because of the promise that our Nation represents. I take heart in the  groundswell of decency that we have witnessed from thousands of  Americans who have made their voices heard.   After we visited the border on Friday, Senator Udall and I joined  hundreds of New Mexicans for a community event in Las Cruces. I want to  share an image of a little girl who I saw at the event.   As you can see on this graphic, her sign reads: ``I love my family  and I need them every day.'' That is really what this is all about. I  am sure that the innocent children who have been separated from their  parents and placed in detention facilities feel exactly the same way.   At the root of this often difficult debate, I believe we need to  reaffirm the humanity of these children and their parents. We cannot  stop fighting for compassionate and responsible immigration policies  that respect the dignity of these families. We must not turn our backs  on the ideals and fundamental values that made the United States both  the most powerful Nation on Earth and a beacon of moral leadership. We  must continue to make our voices heard and demand reunification for all  of these children with their families.   I want to assure New Mexicans and all Americans that I stand with you  in saying that this is not what we stand for. I will not rest until our  country is once again seen as the moral leader of the free world.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   