 Mr. President, I am going to be shortly joined by my  distinguished colleague from Rhode Island, Senator Whitehouse, for an  exchange we will have, but in order to preserve the time on the floor,  I will start.   I come to the floor today to once again join the Senator from Rhode  Island in calling attention to the crisis that is climate change. I  want to thank my friend Senator Whitehouse for his passion, his  persistence, and his refusal to let the Senate be silent in the face of  one of the greatest threats to ever confront our Nation and the world.   Some say we can't afford to invest in clean, renewable, American-made  energy. I say we cannot afford not to. The fact is, every year that  goes by without a comprehensive strategy to reduce the  [[Page S7859]]  carbon pollution responsible for warming our planet is another year in  which the Federal Government of the United States fails to protect  future generations from the immense environmental, economic, and human  costs inflicted by climate change.   I yearn for the day that this body summons the courage to stand up to  the special interests and boldly confront this challenge, for the  longer we wait, the more expensive and the less effective we will be.  And if you don't believe me, just look at our National Flood Insurance  Program, which is already in dire need of comprehensive, forward- thinking reform.   I have spent the better part of the past 2 years bringing Democrats  and Republicans together in support of such a plan. Yet the majority  has stubbornly refused to debate our legislation, forcing us to pass  short-term reauthorizations that preserve a broken status quo. Like the  totality of the climate threat, when it comes to flood insurance, every  time we kick the can down the road, the can only gets heavier.   For our coastal and inlet communities, climate change isn't some far- out problem; it is here. We are already feeling the effects and bearing  the costs in the form of rising sea levels and increasingly powerful  storms. Even if the President of the United States suddenly reversed  course and put America on a path to slow our changing climate, we would  still need to address how we manage a heightened risk for flooding.  From fishing, to tourism, to trade and so much more, the fact is,  America's coastal communities are vital to our long-term economic  competitiveness, and to give up on them in the face of rising sea  levels would be to give up on our country.   According to the Union of Concerned Scientists, sea level rise will  put an estimated 325,000 homes and businesses, worth more than $135  billion, at risk of chronic flooding in the next 30 years. With  increased risks for flooding comes a whole host of challenges. Falling  property values will further strain local budgets, leading to  downgraded government credit ratings. As communities lose out on  approximately $1.5 billion in property taxes per year, hard-working  taxpayers will feel the pain. It will cut away at middle-class  families' most valuable asset, the foundation of their financial nest  egg, which is their home.   According to a paper published by the University of Pennsylvania  Libraries, ``As sea level rise manifests along the coasts--reducing  property value--impacts on revenue will present new challenges in  servicing debt . . . and present a greater probability of default by  local government.''   We cannot simply keep spending money to preserve the status quo. We  need a system for managing flood risk that pushes our country toward  resiliency and treats our people and the communities they live in  fairly. But, unfortunately, we have remained at an impasse for over a  year now, unable to fix a program that we all know is badly broken.   We in New Jersey witnessed firsthand the pervasive problems plaguing  the National Flood Insurance Program--or what we call NFIP--after  Superstorm Sandy hit in 2012. It was bad enough that so many New  Jerseyans had to grapple with the heartbreaking loss of their homes in  the wrath of Sandy, so it made my blood boil to see the suffering  compounded by a badly broken flood insurance program. We found  ourselves lost in a system that put the policyholder last and that  looked for every reason to deny legitimate claims and made up some when  they didn't exist. We had homeowners who found the foundations of their  homes had washed away into the ocean, only to have their claim denied  because their insurance company claimed it wasn't floodwaters but  moving soil that caused the damage. The insurance adjuster didn't stop  to consider that maybe it was the 5-foot storm surge that moved the  soil in the first place.   This is a photograph of Doug Quinn, who served honorably in the U.S.  Marines. He is a constituent whom I have gotten to know very well and  who got snagged by this very loophole. As you can see from this  picture, the storm surge from Sandy inundated his home, and it ripped  apart his foundation, leaving a large hole in his living room. But  despite paying his flood insurance premiums for years and despite  serving our Nation honorably as a U.S. marine, Doug's claim was denied.  Supposedly it was Earth movement, but the Earth never moved until the  5-foot storm surge came along.   We saw mitigation programs that were so cumbersome and delayed that  many homeowners simply gave up. We had new flood maps come online that  were 80 percent inaccurate in some counties. We had FEMA using taxpayer  dollars to drag homeowners through expensive litigation until they gave  up on their flood claims.   The struggles of everyday New Jerseyans revealed to me the dramatic  shortcomings in our Flood Insurance Program and left me determined to  fix them, so I began working on flood insurance reform that took the  lessons we learned after Sandy and turned them into action.   In the summer of 2017, I introduced the Sustainable, Affordable,  Fair, and Efficient--or SAFE--NFIP Act, which is a comprehensive flood  insurance reform bill cosponsored by four Democrats and  three Republicans here in the Senate. I know this town already has too  many acronyms, but this one clearly spells out the first major goals we  have in this bill. We want the NFIP--the National Flood Insurance  Program--to be sustainable, we want it to be affordable, we want it to  be fair, we and want it to be efficient.    Let's start with sustainability. We have to put the NFIP on the path  to solvency.   Since Katrina in 2005, the NFIP has been in the red, borrowing from  the Treasury Department to pay claims. Some say that we should just  jack up the premiums on homeowners and keep charging more to get at  this imbalance; that if we ask homeowners to pay more and more and  more, eventually the NFIP will have enough money to pay all of the  claims without borrowing. But higher premiums alone are not the answer.  Of course we want everybody to pay their fair share, but the undeniable  reality is that the more we raise the premiums, the more homeowners  leave the National Flood Insurance Program altogether, and that  guarantees the program's failure.   Instead of looking simply to raise prices, I want to focus on  reducing costs. I believe the best way out of this hole is to make  proactive investments in resiliency and mitigation to reduce the damage  in the first place. In other words, we must build coastal communities  that are resilient and strong, so the damage inflicted by the storms of  the future is less expensive to recover. That is why the SAFE NFIP Act  includes $1 billion-per-year in mitigation funding and more than  triples the maximum increased cost of compliance--or the ICC--grant  from $30,000 to $100,000.   We also require that this funding be spent more wisely, allowing  homeowners to use ICC grants before their house is destroyed. I have  never understood why we require homeowners to sit in harm's way and  wait for the next storm to come before we help them reduce their flood  risk. It makes no sense. Our bill would fix that. By giving Americans  the tools to reduce their risks, we can save the NFIP and the taxpayer  billions of dollars.   Our legislation also goes after wasteful private insurance company  fees, which consume about 30 cents of every premium dollar, despite  taking on none of the risk. That is good business if you can get it.  Don't get me wrong--that is good business if you can get it, and I have  no problem with private companies making a profit, but every dollar  they make comes from the pockets of policyholders.   The NFIP also currently pays about $400 million in interest every  year. That is 10 percent of its annual premiums--money that could be  going toward flood prevention and mitigation. That is why our bill  freezes interest payments on the NFIP debt and redirects that funding  toward mitigation. Rather than paying interest to ourselves and forcing  the NFIP to borrow even more, let's use that money to reduce future  damages, save taxpayer dollars, and build safe communities.   We cannot have a solvent and sustainable flood insurance program if  it isn't affordable to the people who depend on it. The NFIP's debt and  major hurricanes have put upward pressure on premiums, making it more  and more expensive to get coverage. So it is no surprise that a lot of  people have been forced to drop their flood insurance.  [[Page S7860]]    Indeed, in the face of rising premiums, the NFIP has lost more than  650,000 policies--or over 10 percent of its total business--just since  2009. Has the risk of flooding decreased since 2009? Absolutely not.  Are there fewer homes in floodplains now? No, of course not. By way of  example, when you consider the floods that struck Louisiana and Texas  and New Jersey in recent years, the answer is an unequivocal no. What  is happening is that the premiums have just gotten too expensive for  middle-class families to afford. At the end of the day, this also hurts  the solvency of the NFIP because, just like every other insurance  model, a small pool means a more risky, more expensive pool.   Our bill creates a first-of-its-kind, means-tested affordability  program that helps middle-class and working families afford flood  insurance. Pricing families out of coverage and leaving them without a  way to protect their homes does nothing to address the underlying risk.  On the contrary, it will be taxpayers who ultimately assume the risk  when they are asked to fund uninsured disaster assistance.   It is our responsibility to taxpayers to make the NFIP as fair and as  efficient as possible. I have no doubt that hundreds, if not thousands,  of New Jerseyans dropped their flood insurance after Sandy because of  how they were treated. They faithfully paid their premiums for years,  often decades, without filing a single claim. Then, when Sandy struck  and they tried to collect what they were entitled to, they had to  suffer another disaster. This time it was a manmade one--the storm  after the storm. After losing everything they had worked for their  entire lives, they had to fight against an insurance company and a  daunting Federal bureaucracy. Some appealed, some sued, and some just  gave up.   I pledged to them I would never let this happen again. Our  legislation makes good on that promise by putting the customer--in this  case, the policyholder--first.   We close notorious loopholes that allow insurers to deny claims, such  as the infamous earth-movement exclusion when we know floodwaters  caused the damage.   We fix the appeals process, enforcing FEMA's own deadline to respond  to homeowners and giving people who just went through a disaster more  time to file their appeal.   We require engineer studies to be conducted by--imagine this--actual,  licensed engineers in the State where they are operating.   We require insurance companies to provide policyholders with all of  the documents used to process their claims so that homeowners aren't  left in the dark.   We end the practice of private insurance companies spending hundreds  of millions of policyholder premium dollars on private attorneys whose  main goal is to bill as many hours as possible to ultimately deny the  policyholder any resource.   Taken together, these reforms will not only give policyholders a fair  shake, they will also save the NFIP resources that can be better  directed to mitigation, to mapping, and to other cost-saving  investments.   We have to recognize that the NFIP and its 5 million policyholders  can't solve all of our Nation's flooding problems on their own. We need  to invest tens of billions of dollars elevating and buying out flood- prone properties that get hit year after year, those particularly  repetitively lost properties. We need to incentivize homeowners who  ultimately will get out of those flood-prone properties so that they  are not subject to the consequences of constantly getting flooded and  we collectively are not subject to the incredible costs that are a  result of that.   There simply aren't enough resources in the NFIP to even put a dent  in this problem. So instead of spending hundreds of billions of dollars  on disaster grants each time a storm strikes, why not spend a fraction  of that on the front end that will yield real dividends in the future?  When a disaster strikes, our immediate priority should always be to  save lives and get survivors back to a sense of normalcy as quickly as  possible.   While recovery funding is absolutely vital, it shouldn't be at the  expense of rebuilding stronger, more resilient communities more capable  of weathering the next storm.   We have a problem in Congress of short-termism: living in the present  and not looking ahead. We are afraid of making tough political  decisions in the present, even when the future is on the line. We see  it with flood insurance, and we see it with climate change.   The American people desperately need Congress to overcome this  shortsighted short-termism. We must start thinking beyond the storm  that just hit or even the one that is on the horizon. We must begin  thinking about the risk over the next several decades because flood  risk is a climate risk we cannot afford to ignore. We must think about  what kind of future, what kind of environment, what kind of economy we  want to leave to our children and our grandchildren.   It should not matter who controls the House, who controls the Senate,  or who sits in the White House. The Americans of tomorrow are depending  on us, the leaders of today, to be bold, unafraid, and willing to think  big. That is why I hope Republicans and Democrats alike will continue  to work with me on the issue of flood insurance and flood prevention  when we return in 2019.   I thank, as I said at the beginning of my comments, my distinguished  colleague from Rhode Island who has really been the conscience of the  Senate on this issue of climate change that affects not only those of  us now here but future generations of Americans. I have taken one slice  of that in talking about the National Flood Insurance Program and how  we can mitigate our way and look to a set of circumstances in which we  can save enormous consequences for New Jersey families and families  across our country and save the taxpayers' money. But the ultimate  savings in this is beyond a new flood insurance program. It is making  sure that we don't continue to see the climate change that has taken  place, which creates the storms that my State endured--Superstorm  Sandy--and other major superstorms across the Nation that put us at  risk as a people, that put our economies at risk, that really threaten  the very essence of our existence as we know it.   I appreciate the distinguished Senator from Rhode Island leading us  in this regard.   I yield the floor.   