 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California  (Mr. Bera), the ranking member, and Chairmen Smith and Babin.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a supporter and cosponsor of H.R. 2809.   The United States has the best aerospace industry in the world. In  order to stay number one, we need to provide certainty to American  industry so it can attract investment and continue innovating to push  our country forward.   We are at a time where we have the opportunity to set the standard of  how to regulate space activities so there is a level playing field for  our American industry.   That is why we need a certification process, as provided in the bill,  to ensure compliance with the Outer Space Treaty. This process will  reduce uncertainty and create a clear path to certification and to the  launch of new spacecraft.    I have heard from stakeholders still discussing where to place this  new authority. This legislation placed that authority in the Office of  Space Commerce. Others have suggested the Office of Space  Transportation at the FAA. I hope this discussion continues and we  reach a consensus as we continue through the legislative process with  the Senate.   The second part of this bill makes important reforms for the remote  sensing industry. Satellite imagery or space images are also known as  the remote sensing industry, and it is changing the way we see the  Earth and enabling businesses of all types to find new opportunities.   A major remote sensing company named DigitalGlobe is headquartered in  my district in Westminster, Colorado. I have heard stories about how  long they have waited for a license determination under NOAA, the  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Agency--over 4 years in one case. This  is well past the 120-day deadline currently required in statute because  of a broken interagency review process and no mechanism to enforce a  timeline.   This is why I believe the reforms in section 4 of the bill are  overdue. Those companies in the remote sensing industry need certainty  so that they can make sound plans and attract investors and customers.  All of these regulatory delays mean lost revenue and significant  expenses as they wait for approval. Section 4 of the bill helps fix  that.   During the markup of this bill last year, we made improvements to the  bill to ensure the Office of Space Commerce has the time needed to get  its decisions right and to strengthen the consultation language to  require the Secretary of Commerce to consult with other relevant  Federal agencies.   Since the markup, I was pleased to see additions to the bill which  ensure the proper balance with the defense community to ensure the  Department of Defense has the proper input into remote sensing  applications.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Smith, Chairman Babin, and now- NASA Administrator Bridenstine for their work with me on this bill.   I thank Ranking Member Johnson and Ranking Member Bera for raising a  number of important issues which we still have to address as we go  through this process.   I believe the bill before the House today is a good bill, and I look  forward to working with the Senate to pass these reforms into law.   