 Mr. President, I rise today to honor a fallen hero,  Assistant Fire Chief Dave Fischer of Sturgis, SD.   Dave, a 22-year member of the Sturgis Volunteer Fire Department, also  served in the South Dakota National Guard's 82nd Civil Support Team  based out of Rapid City.   On Friday, September 7, 2018, Dave dutifully responded to the report  of a structure fire in nearby Tilford. Like so many times before, Dave  was one of the first Sturgis firefighters to arrive at the scene, where  a single-family home was engulfed in flames and beginning to threaten  other nearby homes and families.   According to reports, Dave was attempting to move one of the fire  department's command vehicles just north of the home when a propane  tank exploded, a piece of which struck him and his vehicle, killing him  instantly. Both he and the owner of the home, Raymond Bachmeier,  perished on that tragic day. We send our sympathies to all of the  friends and family members they leave behind.   Dave's death is a tremendous loss for the State of South Dakota,  especially the Sturgis area and surrounding communities, where he lived  almost his entire life.   Dave exemplified what it meant to serve others. He was a member of  the Sturgis Volunteer Fire Department for more than 20 years. He was  active in the Sturgis emergency medical service, where his wife still  serves as the director. And Dave served in the National Guard for 23  years, serving a tour in Iraq with the 216th Engineer Detachment  Firefighting Team in 2004 and 2005. As a soldier, a firefighter, and a  first responder, Dave spent over half his life selflessly putting  others first, willing to risk his life to keep his fellow neighbors and  fellow Americans safe.   By all accounts, Dave was a true hero. His commander in the South  Dakota National Guard, LTC Dale Gadbois, called Dave one ``of the  finest soldiers I knew who would help anyone and everyone in times of  need. From the beginning it was obvious he put his service before  himself and paid the ultimate price rushing in to help the community in  an emergency. It was an honor to have served with him.''   Those words are a testament to the kind of person Dave was, always  putting others first.   Dave was laid to rest this last Saturday at the Black Hills National  Cemetery near Sturgis. He leaves behind his wife and children. We  continue to keep them in our thoughts and prayers during this  incredibly difficult time. While we can't take away the hurt, please  know that we will never forget the sacrifices that Dave made, and we  will not forget the sacrifices that Dave's family has made.   Not everyone is willing to put their life on the line to keep us  safe, but Dave did just exactly that. He put others before himself  throughout his life. His legacy will not soon be forgotten.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   