 Madam Chair, I want to thank the ranking member, Mr.  Pallone, for yielding and his leadership in the committee, for all the  work that he and his staff have done. I also want to thank my fellow  Texan, Mr. Olson, for bringing this legislation to the floor. I want to  thank my colleague, Representative Johnson, for introducing this  bipartisan bill, along with my friend Gene Green, also from Texas.   In particular, the dean, Mr. Barton, I want to thank Mr. Barton  because, back in December 2015, Mr. Barton and I worked along with a  team here to lift the ban on oil exports, and that has been the boom  for not only Texas, but for the rest of the country.   Today's legislation, Madam Chair, deals with H.R. 4606, the Ensuring  Small Scale LNG Certainty and Access Act. This bipartisan legislation  codifies the Department of Energy's recent efforts to encourage the  exports of small volumes of natural gas as countries in the Caribbean,  Central America, and South America look to the United States to meet  their natural gas needs.   Let me give you an example, a different type of country, Mexico.   Mexico is getting a lot of natural gas from us and refined products.  In fact, the U.S. has an $8 billion surplus when it comes to natural  gas that we are sending off, so we can also help our friends in the  Caribbean and Central America and South America if we do the same  thing.   The bottom line is this means jobs.   I have the Eagle Ford area, and I know about the jobs. Whether they  are at $60,000, $70,000, or more, those are good jobs, and if we are  able to export, we will be able to create jobs also. This is why it is  important that we continue working with our former Governor, Rick  Perry, in the Energy Department, to approve any application to import  or export small amounts of LNG if there is no environmental review  required and that application waiting time will be reduced by several  months. Those several months mean jobs.   Right now, the U.S. is currently the world's largest producer of  natural gas, with trillions of cubic feet of recoverable natural gas.  And again, if we work together, especially with Canada, the U.S., and  Mexico, we will be the new Middle East of the world by sticking  together and working together.   Again, this bipartisan piece of legislation will benefit our economy,  strengthen our ties with allies abroad, reduce our allies' reliance on  Russian natural gas.    Again, this is good for the country, and we need to support this  bipartisan piece of legislation, so let's move this bill forward to  that particular goal.   Again, I want to thank all of you all for working on this bipartisan  piece of legislation.   