 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I rise to talk about the topic of the  week.   Although some of us have been working on this for some time, many of  us in this body have actually been addressing this for over the last 20  years or so. I am new to this body, as I have only been here a few  years, but, last year I got involved in this. We are dealing with the  immigration issue today, not just the DACA issue.   Our current immigration system is outdated, threatens our national  security, and does not meet the needs of our economy. The issue before  the Senate this week is not just about DACA, which is but one  manifestation of our broken immigration policies. Rather, President  Trump, while offering a generous solution for DACA recipients, has  proposed a broader solution to our legal immigration system that will  ensure that we are not back here in just a few short years to deal with  this same problem again. Over the past 11 years, Congress has failed to  fix our broken immigration system three times, primarily because it has  attempted to solve the entire situation, the comprehensive problem,  which would be the legal situation, the temporary work visa problems,  and then the illegal situation.   The Secure and Succeed Act only deals with our legal immigration  policy. From the onset of these negotiations, President Trump has been  consistent with what he has wanted as part of any immigration deal that  deals with the legal immigration system. Months ago, he gave us a clean  framework. He said that any plan that didn't fit that framework would  never become law. The Secure and Succeed Act, which we are dealing with  this week, is the only plan that actually fits that framework. It is  the only plan the President has said he will sign into law. The  framework that has been laid out by President Trump has four parts.   First, it provides a solution for the DACA situation and ends the  program. It does so in a compassionate, responsible way that every  Senator on the other side of the aisle should support and has supported  at various times. President Trump went out of his way to reach across  the aisle to the Democrats when he expanded the population that was  being discussed in the DACA situation, and he actually talked about  providing long-term certainty for this population group.   Second, this bill secures our borders with additional border security  and a wall where required. It puts $25 billion in a trust fund toward  border security and a wall system. This money would be spent over the  next few years to provide better national security for our country's  borders. It ends policies like catch and release, which encourage more  illegal immigration. It makes critical changes to the immigration court  system to clear out backlogs, expedite court hearings, and give law  enforcement the resources it needs to do its job properly.   Third, this bill fixes the flaws in the current immigration system  that spurred this DACA problem in the first place and incentivized  illegal immigration. It protects the immediate family of the primary  worker. Seventy-two percent of Americans believe immigration should  include the primary workers, their spouses, and their immediate  children, which is exactly what this bill does. In addition, two-thirds  of Americans actually believe that the solution here for illegal  immigration includes the DACA fix, an end to chain migration, border  security, and an end to the diversity lottery--two-thirds. That is from  a Harvard poll that was put out several weeks ago, and there are others  that actually corroborate that.   This bill also expedites the backlog, which is something that was not  even discussed before we brought this bill forward. This bill ensures  that the primary family of immediate citizens--  [[Page S941]]  some of them are recent green card recipients and new citizens who are  trying to get their families in--will be reunited. But there is a  backlog. We have that in this bill and have ensured that the backlog  will be taken care of and that these families will be reunited, which  is what most Americans want.   Fourth, the Secure and Succeed Act ends the archaic visa lottery  program. This failed program is dangerous, filled with fraud, and has  proven to be an avenue for terrorists to enter our country. We simply  must fix these national security flaws and close the loopholes in our  current immigration system that incentivize illegal immigration. If we  don't deal with these problems that got us here in the first place, we  will be right back here in just a few short years. This is the  President's objective. If we are going to deal with it, let's deal with  it once and for all on the immigration side and then move on to the  temporary work visas and solve that as well.   I don't think anybody in this body wants to be back here in a few  short years. Many on the other side and on our side have been trying to  find a common solution to this for decades. I believe we have an  historic opportunity right now to do something that people in this body  have wanted to do for a long time, and that is to solve our legal  immigration system in a very compassionate, fair way that will benefit  every American. That is why we have to deal with these issues in a  responsible and fair way.    Politicians have talked about this for far too long. I have  discovered, now having been in this body, that it is easy for some to  just kick this down the road. It is a great pandering opportunity for  one side or the other to blame this on them. Unfortunately, the  American people deserve better than that. We have a clean opportunity  here to do what most people in America want us to do.   Other than politics, there is no reason for the Secure and Succeed  Act not to have widespread, bipartisan support this week in this body.  Each part of the Secure and Succeed Act has been supported by many  Democrats at various times over the last 30 years. As a matter of fact,  in 1994, Barbara Jordan presented the result of her bipartisan  immigration commission report to then-President Bill Clinton. The  recommendations at that time were to change our immigration system from  our current country caps and chain migration system to more of a  skills-based system like those seen in Canada and Australia.   They knew then the flaws that were included in our immigration law  that was written in 1965 that actually incentivized illegal  immigration. Unfortunately, it seems that because these ideas are now  being put forward by President Donald Trump, the Democrats, all of a  sudden, disagree with these principles. President Trump has crafted a  deal that is tough but more than generous. Nobody asked him to expand  the number or to even talk about certainty in the long term. He has  brought that forward because he wants this done. He wants this solved.  He wants this ended right now.   The Secure and Succeed Act follows the framework that President Trump  has crafted. Compromises have been made on both sides of this issue. It  deals with the DACA issue, secures the border, and fixes critical flaws  in our immigration system that incentivize illegal immigration today.  This is to ensure that we are not back here in a few short years to  deal with the problem again of a new wave of young people who may be  brought here illegally.   Again, the President has said repeatedly that the Secure and Succeed  Act is the only bill that he will sign into law. Leadership in the U.S.  House of Representatives has also been clear that the only plan it will  bring up for a vote in its body is one that will be signed into law.  The Secure and Succeed Act is that plan.   We don't have many opportunities in this body for common thought and  common positions, but we have one here. I have seen what most people in  this body have said about these issues, and it impresses me that there  is commonality of thought. At the root, this body wants to solve the  DACA issue, but it also wants to solve the problems that caused this  issue in the first place.   This President called for a compassionate compromise when he met with  Democrats and Republicans several weeks ago at the White House, and we  all agreed it was time to do that for the American people. Yet the  American people want to be assured that the borders will be secure.  They want to be assured that the policies that are embedded in our  immigration system will not create another wave of illegal immigrants.  They also want this archaic diversity lottery to end, which has never  worked as was originally intended and is nothing but a loophole for  terrorists today.   I think there is too much talk about this bill cutting immigration.  That is not the intent here. The intent is long term. We have a bill in  here called the RAISE Act that would actually move us to a merit-based  system like those in Canada and Australia. That is not included in the  Secure and Succeed Act. What is included here is a first step toward a  long-term solution not only on our legal immigration side, but it sets  us up to then deal with the temporary work visas and, ultimately, with  the illegal population.   I believe, as I know the Presiding Officer does, that it is time for  those in this body to put our self-interests and our partisan interests  aside, as we say so many times, and to do what the American people want  us to do, for which we now have hard evidence.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   