 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend and colleague,  Mr. Walker, for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor and in memory of Corporal Jeffery  Allen Williams from my district in Warrenville, Illinois.   Jeff will be remembered by his fellow servicemen and women as a  dedicated, tough, and disciplined medic who always put others before  himself and was committed to his medical mission and fellow soldiers.   Upon graduation from Wheaton Warrenville South High School, Jeff  began his military training in 2003 at Fort Benning, Georgia. He  continued his training at Fort Sam Houston, Texas, graduating as a 91  Whiskey medical specialist and basic emergency medical technician. In  January 2004, Jeff was assigned to Fort Carson, Colorado, with Medical  Troop, Support Squadron of the Third Armored Cavalry Regiment.   Jeff deployed to Iraq in February 2005 with the ambulance platoon and  was assigned as a medic for the regimental commander's personal  security detachment. During his tour, Jeff recognized the dire need for  qualified medics and decided to reenlist in order to further serve his  fellow soldiers and his country.   When his service would eventually end, Jeff intended to continue his  college education and become a physician's assistant after his return  from Iraq. Tragically, while serving in Tal Afar, Iraq, Jeff was killed  in action on September 5, 2005.   During his all too brief but distinguished military career, Jeff  received various awards and decorations, including the Bronze Star  Medal, Purple Heart, Army Commendation Medal, Iraqi Campaign Medal,  Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, National Defense Service Medal,  and the Army Service Ribbon. Jeff was also awarded the Combat Medic  Badge.   While Jeff is remembered by his Army colleagues as a dedicated and  selfless soldier, he was that and much more to his family and friends  at home. Those in the Warrenville community described Jeff as ``the  gregarious glue that connected our social networks together.''   Jeff's sense of humor was magnetic, and his ability to connect with  people and care about others was incredible. He befriended pretty much  everyone in his class of 700 at Wheaton Warrenville South High School.  Jeff had a special affection for new students and was their first  friend, making a point to sit with them at lunch and including them in  his group of friends.   Everyone who knew Jeff loved him, and there were few people in the  Warrenville community who did not know Jeff.   Jeff and his younger brother were raised by their mother. As the  older brother, Jeff took on many of the household responsibilities,  which included running errands for his mother. Jeff's frequent and  favorite errand was running to the Warrenville Post Office for his  mother. Over time, he came to know employees by name and they him, and  he became friends with most of them. Jeff would go out of his way to  brighten everyone's day there. He would often get lost in conversation,  causing him to arrive home late. His mother came to realize that if  Jeff wasn't home, he likely was at the post office, making friends and  engaging with all who crossed his path.    Therefore, it is entirely appropriate, in honor of Jeff's service to  our Nation, that I am introducing this legislation, H.R. 4407, to name  the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3s101  Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illinois, as the Corporal Jeffery Allen  Williams Post Office Building.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the memory of  Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams by supporting my legislation to name a  post office facility in his hometown after this remarkable young man,  so that his service and sacrifice and his impression on his community  may be long remembered.   