 Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of pro-life  pregnancy centers, not only in the Fourth District of Arkansas but all  across our country.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland, Dr. Harris, and my  colleague Mr. LaMalfa from California for hosting this important time  so that we can come together and talk about the great work that these  crisis pregnancy centers do.   In my hometown of Hot Springs, Arkansas, in 1988, a crisis pregnancy  center was formed to assist young parents and to protect innocent  lives. In the last 30 years, Change Point Pregnancy Center has saved  the lives of 2,821 babies by offering and advocating for alternatives  to abortion. This center is comprised of compassionate volunteers and  staff who invest significant time and energy in our posterity, making a  positive difference for our future.   Mr. Speaker, I know firsthand the quality of these volunteers because  my own mother was one of them in the early years of the crisis  pregnancy center, when it was just getting off the ground.   In addition to free pregnancy testing and ultrasounds, Change Point  offers diapers, wipes, and formula through their Earn While You Learn  program, which offers supplies to families who attend parenting classes  at the center. Families and churches like mine have been vital in  supporting Change Point Pregnancy Center, not only by volunteering but  also by donating supplies and baby bottles full of change to help fund  the center.   Change Point has taught more than 10,000 classes for both mothers and  fathers. As Mr. Harris mentioned, these centers are not only for  mothers, but they also help fathers and they help parents and families.  They give families the tools to succeed rather than the stigma that  burdens them.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support Change Point in their continued  mission to provide care and support to families in the Fourth District  of Arkansas, and I applaud these centers not only from my home State  but all across the country for the great work that they are doing.   