 Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak in favor of the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, since the start of the debate on this  legislation, I have been laser-focused on getting the problems with ADA  compliance actually fixed. The problems of drive-by lawsuits have hit  my district, and abusive demand letters are a problem nationwide. One  of the tragedies of the status quo is that, even after settlement of  demand letters, the problems are often not even fixed.   Many of my colleagues have expressed concern, however, that the  underlying text of this legislation would not provide sufficient  incentive for legitimate civil rights attorneys to take to court  businesses that offer no good faith effort to solve the problem with  ADA compliance after they have been pointed out.   My amendment simply would allow courts to award punitive damages in  the cases that a business has made no good faith effort to remove a  barrier to access. If they cure the problem, the matter is resolved; if  not, they should be subject to the full force of the law, including  punitive damages.   Since its enactment, the Americans with Disabilities Act has allowed  millions of Americans to gain access to public accommodations that many  of us take for granted. The passage of the ADA was a major civil rights  victory. Many more schools, hospitals, grocery stores, and movie  theaters are now accessible. Thanks to the ADA, many of our fellow  citizens are fully integrated into the fabric of society.   Despite these gains, however, more still remains to be done. As  people with disabilities have continued to work to make our public  accommodations more accessible, unfortunately, some individuals have  found ways to use the current system for their own financial benefit.   The underlying bill aims to prevent unscrupulous individuals from  taking advantage of the law and to establish a process leading to  increased compliance. However, during many meetings with disability  groups in my district over their concerns, some voiced fears that the  underlying bill would discourage attorneys from taking ADA cases.   My amendment would work to create an incentive for lawyers to take  ADA cases, knowing that, if a business does not comply, punitive  damages may be sought. The goal is that individuals with disabilities  have access to competent legal representation in order to bring  meritorious cases against businesses that seek to purposely avoid  compliance with the ADA.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I would just like to answer by saying that  my goal in this amendment has nothing to do with the plaintiff's bar.  It has to do with getting the problems fixed without going to court.   Unfortunately, I think without at least the threat of punitive  damages, I think it is a legitimate question as to whether some  fraction of the violations of the ADA will, in fact, not be fixed as  part of the calculation of cost benefit. I think that is not the way we  should solve this in this country.   It is a time in this country when a lot of our justice system--our  courts--are coming under attack, and I actually have faith in the  judges and courts in our country to make a reasonable judgment as to  whether or not there was a good faith effort made to fix this  fundamental law in our country.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   