 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit  at the desk.    I am opposed in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment  to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee.  If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as  amended.   As a veteran, I am pleased to offer this amendment, which increases  funding for peer-reviewed traumatic brain injury and psychological  health research to $150 million for fiscal year 2019.   It is imperative that we prioritize and commit to medical research to  address battlefield wounds.   Funding for traumatic brain injury and psychological health research,  including research on PTSD, suicide prevention, and other mental health  conditions resulting from military service, has always been the highest  priority for the Defense Health Program, and prior funding levels have  reflected this priority.   By increasing funding for traumatic brain injury and mental health  research by $25 million, this will ensure that this research program  remains the Defense Health Program's highest priority.   Just last week, the VA released its latest national suicide data  report. It is very depressing. The tragic figures remain unchanged.  Twenty veterans and servicemembers commit suicide every day. These  suicides can result from untreated mental health conditions and even  can be caused by traumatic brain injury.   Since 2000, almost 380,000 servicemembers have been diagnosed with  TBI. Many of these servicemembers and veterans will need lifelong  healthcare as a result of this injury. And these numbers do not capture  the number of servicemembers, many of whom are now veterans, who may  have sustained multiple TBIs that can lead to permanent brain injury,  the early onset of Alzheimer's disease, and CTE, which can cause  permanent memory loss and even suicide.   These wounded warriors need cutting-edge treatments that will address  this signature injury of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.   We are seeing already the results of this research. Funding for DOD  TBI research has resulted in improved treatments and diagnostic tests  that clinicians can use to treat servicemembers when they sustain a  traumatic brain injury.   Clinicians know from this research program that it is important to  immediately test and treat TBI when it occurs. As a result of research,  clinicians now know that it is vitally important to prevent the chance  that a servicemember will sustain another TBI before the servicemember  has healed from their first.   Investments in this research will pay dividends in the future so that  our servicemembers and veterans receive the world-class care they need,  and that must be made a top priority.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on making TBI research a top  priority.   I am going to conclude by noting that we are soon going to be heading  off into our July 4th recess. As we sit here today, there are still  thousands of babies and kids ripped away from their parents by the  Trump child separation policy who have not been reunited. That is evil  and it is shameful. No Democratic bills have been brought on this floor  to resolve that. Have a nice vacation.  [[Page H5851]]    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   