 Mr. President, I rise to follow my leader and talk about  this issue of great importance.   Let me begin with something I cherish. I have a photo, taken on  December 1, 2016, of one of my children in snowy fields in Lithuania in  a U.S. military operation with NATO troops called Operation Iron Sword.  The photo is of my son taking the oath of office to become a captain in  the United States Marine Corps. He was deployed with 1,200 members of  his battalion on the border of Russia between the Black Sea and the  Baltic Sea, to protect America against a nation that General Joe  Dunford, the head of our Joint Chiefs of Staff, describes as our  principal adversary. These 1,200 young men and women were deployed far  from home, working together with a nation on the Russian border to  protect them and to protect our country.   My son was not alone with the Marines; there were also troops from  many NATO nations and Lithuania and troops from other service branches  of the United States. I hope you will forgive me for being a little bit  Marine-centric.   The Marine motto ``Semper Fidelis'' means ``always faithful,'' but I  think that motto applies not just to marines but to all who wear the  uniform in the United States, certainly those helping the European  allies counter Russian aggression and those 1.3 million people on  Active Duty today--``always faithful.''   After the last week, a very profound question has been raised. While  our troops can carry that and meet that ``always faithful'' standard, I  think we have some significant questions about this President. Would he  meet the same standard--``Semper Fidelis,'' ``always faithful''? Would  he meet it for this country? Will the Senate meet the ``always  faithful'' standard?   In the President's first year and a half in office, exercising the  responsibility to be a Commander in Chief, I would say he has been a  bit more of a ``disruptor in chief.'' We have had Presidents of both  parties since the beginning of the 20th century--Presidents Wilson,  FDR, President Truman, President Reagan, other Presidents of both  parties--who always tried to be Commanders in Chief, who tried to be  builders of security, builders of alliances. That is not the path the  current President has taken. He has tried to be more of a disruptor.   He has pulled America out of a diplomatic deal with Iran that allied  nations in the International Atomic Energy Agency said Iran was  complying with. I am not aware of the United States ever unilaterally  backing out of a deal when there was a consensus that the other nations  were complying with it.   He has pulled us out of a climate accord that we reached with other  nations in Paris.   He has unilaterally decided that the United States would be the only  holdout nation not participating in a U.N. global compact on migration  to try to deal with the problem of migrants around the world.   He has loved to name-call our allies. It was shameful last week on  his trip  [[Page S4987]]  to Europe that, essentially sitting in Prime Minister Theresa May's  front office, he trashed her--one of our great allies. He trashed  Angela Merkel, and he has done this before to the Prime Minister of  Canada, the Prime Minister of Australia. Important allies of the United  States have found themselves being name-called by this petty man. He  has undercut valuable U.S. alliances. He described last week the  European Union and Europe as our principal foe. He has repeatedly  described NATO as obsolete. He has now launched trade wars against  allies of the United States, asserting that national security demands  that he do so.    The Presiding Officer and I were together in a meeting with the  Canadian Foreign Minister in the last couple of weeks. She looked us in  the eye and asked: Do you know how insulting it is that you would  describe Canada--with the longest, undefended border in the world with  another country, your ally in every war since the War of 1812, whose  troops are serving side by side with Americans in Afghanistan, and who  are fighting ISIS in Iraq today--as a national security threat?   We heard the same thing from Germany's Foreign Minister in the  aftermath of this parade of insults against our allies last week. In  the aftermath of using a national security waiver against our allies,  the German Foreign Minister said just yesterday--and these should be  painful words for anybody who cares about this country--that the United  States is no longer a reliable ally.   To top all of this off, if there is a new low--and it may be debased  even further tomorrow--it is the President's performance of standing  next to Vladimir Putin, whose aggression against other nations,  including the United States, has put troops, like my son, on the  Russian border to work with allies halfway around the world--far from  their families, far from their homes--and taking Putin's side over that  of patriotic Americans who are working in our national security  establishment and who have unanimously concluded that Russia attacked  our 2016 election.   For him to say ``Well, my people say they did, but he says they  didn't; I can't see why Russia would,'' what an abomination to all of  the hard-working Americans who are with agencies like the CIA and the  FBI and with other national security agencies who have reached a  consensus opinion that Russia cyber attacked the integrity of our  elections. To have watched this President stand on the stage publicly  and say that he believed Vladimir Putin over patriotic Americans who  were doing this work was a new low. They attacked us.   A President who would say there are good people on both sides of a  White supremacy rally when there were three people killed in  Charlottesville, VA, including two State Troopers I knew, is the same  President who would stand next to a dictator who attacked us and take  his side over the side of American security professionals.   So I return to the question. The Americans who wear the uniform,  whether they be marines or not, are always faithful. The President's  performance, especially in the last week, raises deep questions about  whether he meets that standard. Yet I think, for purposes of today, as  I conclude, the question has to be: Will the Senate meet the standard?   I don't expect anyone in the administration to check this bad  behavior. Some may encourage the President to do differently. Some may  try to check the bad behavior, but I don't think they will be able to.  I think we would be naive, frankly, to think that the House of  Representatives would check the bad behavior. The fact that the Select  Committee on Intelligence's investigation on the House side has gone  off the rails suggests that it will not.   The question is posed pretty starkly, and it sits directly on our  shoulders: Will the U.S. Senate take the steps to protect this country  from the destruction we are seeing right now?   There needs to be a briefing of the Senate as to what was going on  last week and what was discussed with Vladimir Putin and what could be  the justification for the horrible capitulation we saw.   We need to do all we can to protect the Mueller investigation and let  it reach its end point so we know who was culpable and how to protect  our elections. The Russians who have invaded our election system need  to be extradited to the United States. The administration needs to  implement the sanctions legislation that this body passed by 98 to 2.   We also need to grapple with election security questions. I was a  mayor and a Governor with boards of elections that ran elections, and  no one has confidence that this President and this administration will  protect American elections.   As I close, I will just say--and I have not said it in the time I  have been in the Senate, and I hope I never say it again--that I think  this issue and this time may well be one of the most important moments  in the history of the entire U.S. Senate. We will either rise to the  occasion and will show that we are always faithful or we will not. I  hope we will.   I yield the floor.   