 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on  this particular initiative in managing this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5925, the CRISIS Act, a bill I  cosponsored with Chairman Gowdy; my good friend, the ranking member,  Mr. Cummings; as well as the ranking member of the Government  Operations Subcommittee and good friend, Mr. Connolly.   I want to begin by thanking my colleagues for coming together on this  bipartisan bill. H.R. 5925 reauthorizes the Office of National Drug  Control Policy and gives the office greater responsibility by enhancing  the office's authority to coordinate and oversee the national  drug control program at the national, State, and local levels.    It provides communities with a process for sharing information and  best practices, and implements recommendations from the President's  opioid commission.   It requires an opioid response plan to coordinate with the private  sector the implementation of the commission's recommendations and to  facilitate the development of treatment and abuse-deterrent products.   Finally, this bill designates the United States Postal Service as a  national drug control program agency and requires the office to  coordinate actions to reduce the flow of illicit drugs entering the  country through the mail.   The ongoing opioid epidemic has taken countless lives, touching  literally every community in the country. The national response to this  epidemic involves Federal, State, and local governments. It involves  the treatment community, the medical community, the law enforcement  community, and places of worship.   As we mobilize a national response, we must ensure that every effort  to combat this epidemic works and works well. We have all heard too  many tragic, life-changing, and, far too often, life-ending stories of  opioid addiction.   There is no easy way to end this epidemic. By establishing an  effective national response to this epidemic, this bill will support  the people and the communities struggling with this addiction.  [[Page H5324]]    Mr. Speaker, it is the very lives of our friends, our neighbors, and  our family members that depend on us.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   I would also like to go a little bit further, though, because so many  times, when we come together in a bipartisan way, it is Members of  Congress who are up here taking the credit for the hard work of a group  that actually, behind the scenes, are doing the work. I thank all of  the majority staff--Katy Rother, Richard Burkard, Betsy Ferguson, and  Sarah Vance; and to Ranking Member Cummings' staff, for all of their  work and dedication as well. And I also thank Sally Walker from the  Office of Legislative Counsel. Many times, they do the work on the  bills behind the scene and nobody ever sees them or thanks them. So, on  this day, I want to make sure that we acknowledge their effort, that it  doesn't go unnoticed.   