 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, first of all, I thank and acknowledge the remarks of the  gentleman from Georgia on this bill. As ranking member of the  Subcommittee on National Security, I also express my strong support for  H.R. 6893, the Secret Service Overtime Pay Extension Act, introduced by  my friend  Steve Russell from Oklahoma, who is the chairman of our  subcommittee.   In light of previous legislation reported out of the Committee on  Oversight and Government Reform on a bipartisan basis, this bill would  ensure that the United States Secret Service retains the ability to  provide overtime pay to its dedicated workforce for the additional work  that agents will be required to perform in 2019 and through the 2020  Presidential election process.   The bipartisan investigation conducted by our committee during the  114th Congress examined how best to strengthen the core protective  mission of the Secret Service. The Secret Service is our Nation's  primary security force for the protection of the President, the First  Family, Presidential candidates, and, when necessary, other elected  officials and world leaders.   The Secret Service currently faces serious administrative challenges.  According to the bipartisan report unanimously adopted by our committee  in 2016, chief among those challenges is a staffing crisis that poses  perhaps the greatest threat to the agency and that allowed a series of  brazen security breaches during both the Obama and Trump  administrations.   The safety and security of the Secret Service mission demands that  the Congress provide sufficient funding to restore the agency to  adequate staffing levels. At a minimum, we must first ensure that the  agency retains the basic ability to compensate its agents with the  overtime pay that they have earned and that they deserve.   In 2017, we passed legislation on a bipartisan basis to retroactively  authorize overtime pay for the thousands of additional hours worked by  Secret Service employees in the midst of an extraordinarily taxing and  extended 2016 Presidential campaign season.   Recognizing that the agency now provides security details for a  President with a larger First Family and multiple and extensive travel  schedules, we subsequently passed legislation extending that  authorization through 2018.   As underscored by the Federal union representing rank-and-file Secret  Service agents, the 2020 Presidential campaign season is expected to  involve the participation of multiple candidates who may require  earlier Secret Service protection than customary and include an  extended Presidential primary cycle, thereby imposing further demands  on the already understaffed Secret Service workforce.   That is why our committee approved Representative  Steve Russell's  legislation to fund overtime pay for the Secret Service for calendar  year 2019, as well as an amendment introduced by our full committee  ranking member, the gentleman from Maryland, Elijah Cummings, to extend  this authorization through the 2020 campaign year. I note that the 2- year authorization request was specifically supported by the Secret  Service.   The hardworking men and women of the Secret Service put their lives  on the line every day and make tremendous personal sacrifices for our  country. Congress has a fundamental responsibility to provide the  resources that they need to do their jobs safely and successfully.   While I believe Congress should also spend some time working together  on a permanent fix to this problem, I, nevertheless, stand proud to  join my colleagues in this bipartisan effort to support the Secret  Service in this effort.   Mr. Speaker, I also urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers.   Mr. Speaker, again, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   