 Mr. President, I particularly enjoyed the remarks of my  distinguished friend from Texas, a good man, who makes a real  difference around here.   I rise today to speak on the administration's recent actions  regarding global tariff policy. I am one of the President's strongest  supporters in most matters. I have been steadfast in working with  President Trump on our shared economic agenda, especially passage of  the most important piece of tax reform legislation in a generation.   Tax reform is already providing significant relief to families and  businesses, large and small. Businesses across the country are now more  globally competitive and are investing in their workforce through wage  hikes, bonuses, and increased 401(k) contributions that are benefiting  American workers, families, and their communities. But this roaring  economy, which we worked together to build for American workers and  businesses, is at risk because of the President's trade policies.   Tariffs against our allies and partners in Europe, Canada, Mexico,  and around the world are already harming American farmers and  manufacturers and raising costs for American families. If this  continues, our economy will suffer.   I have long advocated for implementing enforceable international  rules to level the playing field for American businesses, innovators,  and entrepreneurs, and I have consistently fought to protect U.S.  intellectual property rights around the globe. I have also been  committed to advancing a trade agenda that serves the American people.  But the administration's recent actions are misguided and will harm,  rather than protect, the American people.  [[Page S4980]]    The administration has implemented or threatened global tariffs on  approximately $500 billion of goods. Pure and simple, tariffs are  attacks on American businesses and consumers. These actions put  American families and businesses at risk and threaten to undermine the  success of tax reform. Furthermore, they are closing off international  markets that our farmers, ranchers, and other exporters depend on.   I have heard from businesses from my home State of Utah that have  already been hurt by the imposition of steel and aluminum tariffs. Utah  manufacturers are struggling with higher steel and aluminum costs and,  as a result, are struggling to compete with foreign manufacturers.   I have also been hearing from U.S. auto manufacturers and share their  deep concerns about the consequences of raising tariffs on cars,  trucks, and automotive parts. A decision to raise auto tariffs would  lead to a net job loss and lower capital investment in the U.S. auto  sector by increasing costs and reducing choice. The result will be  lower demand for cars in the United States and lower auto sales and  production.   While I share the administration's goal of strengthening American  manufacturing, tariffs on cars and auto parts would directly injure one  of our country's most important manufacturing sectors.   Some of my colleagues have been pressing the need for legislation to  restrict the trade authorities that Congress has delegated to the  President, and I have been sympathetic to their efforts. If the  administration continues forward with its misguided and reckless  reliance on tariffs, I will work to advance trade legislation to  curtail Presidential trade authority. I am discussing legislative  options with colleagues both on and off the Finance Committee, and I  will continue to do so. However, I would much rather work with the  administration to advance a trade agenda that serves the interests of  the American people and job creators.   I want the President to hold our trading partners accountable. I want  him to negotiate strong deals that help our U.S. companies and workers  compete around the globe.   In particular, I agree with the President that China utilizes  mercantilist trade policies to benefit state-owned and Communist Party- controlled firms, harming American companies and workers. We have to  help U.S. businesses, innovators, farmers, and ranchers compete  globally, and that means we have to confront the challenges posed by  China. That is why I have recommended to the President that it is time  to engage in negotiations with China, using a target of strategy to  address their unfair trade practices. While those efforts are under  way, the administration should not impose further tariffs on our allies  and partners, particularly on autos and auto parts. In that way, the  President can safeguard the economic growth we have worked so hard to  achieve and give himself a strong negotiating position with China.   The administration's actions on trade have hurt American  manufacturers, farmers, ranchers, workers, and families. The President  has asked all of those groups to endure losses so that he can negotiate  winning trade agreements. All are watching to see what the President  will achieve at the negotiating table in return for their  sacrifice. However, now is the time for the President to undertake that  effort. I believe that I will support him if he does undertake that  effort, and I hope he will.    I care a great deal for the President. I want him to be a success.  These approaches are not successful. They are not the way to go. I want  to help the President to get around those and do the things that he  ought to be doing to strengthen our economy and to strengthen our  workers and our businesses.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   