 Mr. President, I come to the floor to voice my concerns  about the nomination of Alex Azar to lead the U.S. Department of Health  and Human Services.   The American people deserve a Secretary of Health and Human Services  who actually believes in the agency's work and mission, which is to  help America's families, children, and seniors lead healthier and more  productive lives.   Nothing in Mr. Azar's record gives me any reason to believe he will  do anything other than advance the Trump administration's mission to  take healthcare coverage away from millions of Americans and leave  everyone else with higher costs.   Instead of working to help more families get the care they need, I  fear he will devote most of his time to imposing a harmful, rightwing  ideology on patients, on women, and on families.   Mr. Azar will continue the Trump administration's reckless assault on  the reproductive rights of women; he will support the far right's  relentless war on science- and evidence-based health policy; and he  will put the needs of powerful special interests ahead of patients and  families.   It is hard to believe the Trump administration has only been in  office a year because already it has broken so many of the promises the  American people were fed on the campaign trail. During his campaign,  President Trump promised he would replace the Affordable Care Act with  something truly great, something way better, but under President  Trump's watch, things have only gotten worse. Premiums are up,  deductibles are up, and for the first time since 2012, the number of  Americans with healthcare coverage has gone down.   Now, this is no accident. It is the result of the Trump  administration's relentless assault on the Affordable Care Act. That is  right. Thanks to this administration's deliberate efforts to sow chaos  in our health insurance markets, and subsidies that reduce sky-high  deductibles, and give consumers less time to shop for insurance, 3.5  million fewer Americans have coverage compared to 1 year ago. In my  State, the number of New Jerseyans enrolled in the marketplace dropped  by 5 percent.   Mr. Azar says the Affordable Care Act is ``circling [down] the  drain,'' when the reality is, Republicans have done their best to drown  it. The Trump administration has no plan to help the growing number of  Americans without coverage, and Mr. Azar has offered no solutions to  protect their health and financial security. In fact, he believes the  paltry tax credits Republicans propose in their Affordable Care Act  alternative to buy insurance are too generous--too generous. If I said  that to any one of my constituents, they would laugh in my face.   Nothing in Mr. Azar's record gives me any confidence that he will  change course. That is because, like former Secretary Tom Price, Mr.  Azar lives in an alternative universe, where health insurers will  suddenly put the well-being of patients ahead of their stock prices;  that if we just scrap the Affordable Care Act, the free market will  magically begin covering the sick, caring for families, and protecting  our seniors.  [[Page S484]]    Well, we know that is patently false. We already tried letting health  insurance companies run the show, and it didn't work because, in  America, healthcare doesn't ever go on sale. If it did, people would be  banging down doors like Best Buy on black Friday to schedule their  heart surgeries and cancer treatments.   Mr. Azar seems to forget that we need commonsense protections to  ensure Americans with preexisting conditions have access to coverage;  that before the Affordable Care Act, health insurance companies  routinely denied coverage for cancer survivors and people with chronic  challenges like MS; that children with preexisting conditions like  asthma or heart murmurs were blacklisted by insurers for life; that  thousands of people were bankrupted by medical bills each and every  year, and women were charged higher premiums for the same exact  insurance policies as men.   Mr. Azar seems to forget that before programs like Medicare and  Medicaid, seniors who worked hard their entire lives languished without  care and lived in abject poverty. Do we really want to see seniors  backsliding into poverty in 2018?   Now, I know Mr. Azar is a very wealthy man--it almost seems to be a  prerequisite in order to serve in the Trump Cabinet--but I encourage  him to try to imagine what it is like to work a low-wage job that  doesn't provide healthcare benefits and what it is like for parents in  New Jersey to go to work every day knowing they are one illness or  injury away from ruining their family's financial future.   These men and women are among the 11 million Americans who depend on  the Affordable Care Act's Medicaid expansion, including well over half  a million in New Jersey alone. Yet Mr. Azar believes he has a mandate  to turn programs like Medicare into vouchers that shortchange seniors.  He supports turning Medicaid into a block program, which is a way of  ultimately dramatically cutting the program and a fancy way of saying  States should be allowed to block millions of people from getting the  care they need--no matter how much money they make, what ZIP Code they  come from, or what healthcare challenges they face.   The American people deserve a Secretary of Health and Human Services  who is prepared not only to defend these stalwart programs but is  committed to building on their success. After a year of higher costs,  less coverage, and empty promises by the Trump administration, the  American people want Congress to turn the page. We have the chance to  do that by rejecting Mr. Azar's nomination.   It is time we demanded the administration nominate a leader who is  truly devoted to helping all Americans get the care they need no matter  how much money they make, what Zip Codes they come from, or what  healthcare challenges they face.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to express my  concerns over the nomination of Sam Brownback to serve as Ambassador at  Large for International Religious Freedom at the State Department. I do  not take my vote against a former colleague's nomination lightly nor do  I question Governor Brownback's devotion to his own faith. Indeed, as a  person of faith myself, I admire it.   I firmly believe, however, that anyone seeking to represent the  United States of America must actively champion the rights of all  people to worship freely and without fear. The right to religious  freedom is enshrined in our Constitution, and it is a value that we  must champion at home and abroad.   Having devoted my life to serving the people of New Jersey--a State  enriched by incredible diversity--I believe religious freedom is part  of what makes America exceptional. Even in the 21st century, we live in  a world where governments and nonstate actors still use religion as a  tool of oppression. They cloak their authoritarianism in the guise of  divine inspiration, using their faith to justify the persecution of  anyone they choose.   The U.S. Ambassador for International Religious Freedom must commit  to defending the rights of all religious minorities around the world-- Christians and Muslims, Jews and Sikhs, Hindus and Baha'i.  Unfortunately, Governor Brownback's career has been defined by a lack  of tolerance for those who do not share his own beliefs. I fear he will  focus solely on protecting Christian minorities, while we must  acknowledge publicly that people of all faiths are persecuted and  demand equal representation.   Additionally, his own personal record on important issues gives me  concerns. Consider his troublesome record on protecting the rights of  LGBTQ individuals. I was deeply disturbed that when pressed during his  confirmation hearing, Governor Brownback could not even bring himself  to muster a resounding ``no''--that it is never acceptable for a  government to imprison or execute an individual based on their sexual  orientation. Condemning such horrific human rights abuses should never  be a heavy lift for anyone who seeks to represent our Nation on the  global stage.   I cannot in good faith support the confirmation of someone as  Ambassador at Large for Religious Freedom who does not believe that all  individuals are created equally in God's image.   During his hearing, Governor Brownback also declined to say whether  political leaders should be able to use religion to deny women access  to healthcare and deprive them of their basic human rights. His silence  spoke volumes.   At a time when the Trump administration continues to expand the scope  of the global gag rule to the effect of preventing healthcare workers  from doing their jobs and providing lifesaving care, we need a leader  who recognizes that women's rights are human rights and who knows that  the oppression of women by religious zealots is a hallmark of  despotism.   During his time as Governor and here in the Senate, Mr. Brownback  often used religion to push policies that undermine the rights of women  to access healthcare, control their own bodies, and determine their own  destinies.   As much as I know the people of Kansas wish to see Governor Brownback  sent abroad and out of their State, I cannot support his confirmation  today. In these uncertain times, in a world rife with challenges, our  Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom must be a  champion for people of all faiths and a warrior for the human dignity  of all of God's children.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   