 Madam President, I enjoyed listening to the minority  leader and disagree with almost everything he said. I do believe he is  one of the great Senators here, and I care for him. He has a job to do,  I suppose.   It seems strange that every time a Supreme Court nominee comes from  the Republicans, there is every reason in the world not to confirm that  nominee in the eyes of the current Democrats. Even without the first  day of hearings, we are getting that type of situation. It is hard to  believe. It is really hard to believe.   I rise today in strong support of the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh  to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. I have known Brett for  quite a while. He is a terrific human being. He is honest, decent, and  a good family man. He is everything you would want on the Bench. He is  fair. He is considerate. He is knowledgeable. He is intelligent. He  understands the law, and when he doesn't understand the law, he will  search it until he does.   President Trump has made an outstanding choice. He has kept his  commitment to the American people. He has selected a nominee with deep  experience in the law and an understanding of the proper role of a  judge under our Constitution.   I first met Brett Kavanaugh 14 years ago when he came before the  Judiciary Committee for his first confirmation hearing to the DC  Circuit. I was the chair of the Judiciary Committee at that time. I was  impressed at that time by Brett's sterling credentials, his broad  knowledge of the law, and his demeanor. At only 39 years of age, he  knew more about the law than most lawyers who have practiced a  lifetime. I think anybody who is fair would acknowledge that.   Brett was confirmed to the DC Circuit in 2006 following years of  obstruction by Senate Democrats. I was pleased and proud to support  Brett's  [[Page S4850]]  nomination to the DC Circuit. I have followed his work on that court  the last dozen years with great interest. He spent a dozen years on  that court, the second greatest court in our country, without  criticism, by the way--or at least, I should say, without fair  criticism. He has been a true intellectual leader, authoring landmark  opinions on the separation of powers, administrative law, and national  security.   It is no overstatement to say that Judge Kavanaugh is among the most  distinguished and most influential judges in the entire country. The  Supreme Court has adopted his positions and his opinions no less than  11 times. He has authored multiple dissents that ultimately prevailed  in the Supreme Court. That ought to be complimented, not condemned.   He has taught courses at Harvard, Yale, and Georgetown. I would have  preferred if he had taught some courses at Brigham Young University and  the University of Utah, but that was too far west, I guess. But you  can't knock Harvard, Yale, and Georgetown.   It bears mention that liberal and conservative Justices alike have  hired his former clerks, which shows the respect he has across the  ideological spectrum.   Truly, there is no one more qualified and more prepared to serve on  the Supreme Court than Brett Kavanaugh. The funny thing is most people  know that, including my friends on the other side. That is one reason  they are afraid to have him on the Court. I speak from experience on  this. I am the former chairman of the Judiciary Committee. I have  participated in the confirmation of more Federal judges than any  Senator in our Nation's history--more than half of all Federal judges  ever confirmed. I have participated in the last 14 Supreme Court  confirmation battles, including the confirmations of all current  members of the Court.   I know a good nominee when I see one. Brett Kavanaugh is not just a  good nominee; Brett Kavanaugh is an exceptional nominee, and any fair  person has to admit it.   It has been a little over a year since we last considered a nominee  to the Supreme Court. That nominee was Neil Gorsuch.   I have to say, President Trump hit a home run with Justice Gorsuch. I  came to this floor nearly a dozen times in support of Justice Gorsuch's  nomination because I knew Neil Gorsuch, and I knew what kind of a  Justice he would be. I knew he would interpret the Constitution  according to its original meaning, not according to the pet theories of  liberal law professors or progressive activists. I knew he would give  effect to the plain text of statutes rather than roaming around to find  bits and pieces of legislative history to support his preferred view. I  knew he would hold the administrative state to task and help check the  unrestrained growth of the unelected, unaccountable fourth branch of  government.   Justice Gorsuch has done all of that and more. He has shown himself  to be an independent thinker who faithfully applies the text of the  Constitution and the text of statutes. He has shown that he is  perfectly comfortable disagreeing with the administration when the  administration advances what he believes is a wrongheaded argument.  Most of all, he has shown that he understands deeply that under our  Constitution, political power lies with the people and their elected  representatives, not nine Justices in Washington, DC.   In all the ways Neil Gorsuch has been a home run, Brett Kavanaugh  will be one too. In his dozen years on the DC Circuit, Judge Kavanaugh  has been an independent, fair-minded jurist who is deeply committed to  the Constitution and the rule of law. He has made his mark especially  in cases involving the separation of powers and agency decision making.  He is serious about ensuring that the branches of government stay  within their proper spheres and that agency officials have sufficient  political accountability. He has also shown a commitment to our First  and Second Amendment freedoms. In all this, he has been a true  intellectual leader. And like Justice Gorsuch, Judge Kavanaugh has  demonstrated that he understands that in our system of government,  judges interpret the law. They don't make the laws; they interpret  them. Policymaking is for the other branches of government.    In a rational world, Judge Kavanaugh's nomination would be confirmed  by the Senate overwhelmingly. I don't think there is any question about  that. His qualifications are unquestionable. His integrity is beyond  reproach. He is respected throughout the country as one of our Nation's  leading jurists.   Sadly, however, sometimes we don't live in a rational world, at least  not when it comes to the Supreme Court. We saw this last year. My  Democratic colleagues attacked Justice Gorsuch as unfit and  unqualified. They said he had not sided often enough with the right  sort of causes and that he would not do enough to protect the ``little  guy'' when deciding cases. Democrats' objection, at root, was that they  did not think Neil Gorsuch would rule the way they wanted. They did not  think he would reach liberal enough outcomes. Of course they couldn't  say that directly, as that would have given the whole game away and  shown that their opposition was really just about politics, which is  exactly what it was. So they latched on to a couple of cases, blew them  entirely out of proportion, and misrepresented what then-Judge Gorsuch  had actually said.   They asked him questions about cases likely to come before the  Supreme Court that neither he nor any other nominee could answer  without violating the canons of judicial ethics. He could not answer  without violating the canons of judicial ethics. Yet they asked these  questions anyway. I guess they expected an answer, but no self- respecting nominee would have given an answer.   They claimed he would be some sort of rubberstamp for the  administration, when there was nothing in his record at all to suggest  he had ever been a rubberstamp for anything.   My Democratic colleagues could not with a straight face oppose Neil  Gorsuch or Neil Gorsuch's nomination on the merits, so they kicked up a  cloud of half-truths and misrepresentations and used those to justify  their opposition. Fortunately, the majority of my colleagues saw these  desperate tactics for what they were--complete baloney, and that is  putting it mildly.   Now we are about to replay the same game. In the coming weeks, my  Democratic colleagues are going to throw everything they have at Judge  Kavanaugh. We are going to see Judge Kavanaugh's opponents twist his  words, misrepresent his opinions, and do everything they can to make  him into some sort of a monster, a judicial monster. They will call him  a rubberstamp for the rich and powerful and warn that his confirmation  will mean the end of liberty and civil rights. That is trash talk, but  that is what we are used to around here when they are afraid of the  nominations that come from the Republican side. There is no reason to  be afraid; these are people who are going to abide by the law, live in  accordance with the law, and decide cases the way the law demands and  dictates.   This is the same playbook we have seen before. It is the same  playbook we saw last year with Neil Gorsuch. It is the same playbook we  would have seen no matter whom the President nominated because the  opposition will not be about Judge Kavanaugh's credentials or his  qualifications; it will be about politics, straight and simple. My  Democratic colleagues want a Justice who will reach the outcomes they  want, who will use the Constitution to make policy, but Judge Kavanaugh  is not that kind of a judge. He interprets the Constitution as written.  He interprets our laws as written. He follows the separation of powers  and leaves policymaking to the political branches.   Brett Kavanaugh is one of the most respected judges in our country  for good reason--because he is a real judge. He has been an  intellectual leader on one of our Nation's most important courts for  over a decade. He has heard thousands of cases and issued hundreds of  opinions. He is a great thinker, a powerful writer, and, I might add as  somebody who knows him well, a kind and humble man. I cannot think of a  better person to fill Justice Kennedy's seat on the Supreme Court than  his former clerk because Justice Kennedy is a kind and humble man, and  he is excited about having this nominee take his place.   After all the kicking and screaming last year, after all the  obfuscations and misrepresentations, we confirmed Neil  [[Page S4851]]  Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. We did so because he was unquestionably  qualified and because he had demonstrated a firm understanding of the  judge's proper role under the Constitution.   Like Neil Gorsuch, Brett Kavanaugh is unquestionably qualified. Like  Neil Gorsuch, Brett Kavanaugh has shown a commitment to the  Constitution and to the principle that judges are to interpret the law,  not make it up. Like Neil Gorsuch, Brett Kavanaugh will be confirmed. I  have confidence in my colleagues that he will be confirmed. He is a  good man. I know him personally. I have known him for a long time. He  is a good man. He is a brilliant man and a man whose nomination I am  honored to support.   I intend to do everything in my power to see Judge Kavanaugh  confirmed to the Supreme Court. I could not be more pleased that one of  my final acts here in the U.S. Senate will be to help shepherd through  one last nominee to our Nation's highest Court. I could not be more  pleased that this nominee is Judge Brett Kavanaugh.   I know Judge Kavanaugh. I know what a great Justice he will make. I  know that he will be fair. I know that he will live in accordance with  the law. I also know that he has courage and conviction and that he  will do what Justices have to do; that is, interpret the Constitution  and our statutes in this country in ways that will please the vast  majority of all Americans. That is about all we can ask for. I know he  will do that because I know the man. I know his family. I know his  parents. All I can say is that I am very pleased that our President has  decided to nominate him as a Justice on the United States Supreme  Court.   I would caution my colleagues to pay attention to his record because  you can't keep voting against people just because politically they are  not on your team. I think you can if they are not qualified, but he is  qualified. I think you can if they are not willing to abide by the law  as written, but he is and has proven that.   I could go on and on. All I can say is that he is a good nominee. I  hope all of my colleagues will support him. I hope my friends on the  Democratic side will do the right thing. The right thing will help  propel the confirmation process along. Who knows who the next President  is going to be. It could be a Democrat, and I would hope that Brett  Kavanaugh would be an example to Republicans, if they are in the  minority, to do what is right--make your case, but don't slander people  or libel them, and certainly don't stop decent, honorable candidates  from holding these positions on the Federal bench.   I wish Judge Kavanaugh well because I think he will make a great  Justice on the Court. I think he will be the type of Justice who will  make everybody proud, even those with whom he disagrees. He is a decent  man. He is an honorable man. He is a family man. He is brilliant. He is  exactly like the person our Founding Fathers would like to have on the  Supreme Court Bench. I believe that if we give him a chance, he will do  a very good job. He is not going to always please me. He is not going  to always please the Republicans. He will do what is right. I hope my  colleagues on the other side will understand that and will not make  this another cause celebre.   Be that as it may, we are going to push as hard as we can, and  hopefully he will become our next Justice on the United States Supreme  Court.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   