 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the Senate should demand a better nominee  for the Supreme Court. These last 2 weeks have torn our country apart,  but even before these allegations against Judge Kavanaugh became  public, there was enough in Judge Kavanaugh's record to cause me to  vote no.   His record is clear. As a Justice, he will damage women's rights,  civil rights, the environment, voting rights, and economic fairness. He  will also damage Native Hawaiian self-determination.   Let's start with Native Hawaiian. In a Wall Street Journal op-ed, he  wrote that Native Hawaiians didn't deserve protections as indigenous  people. He wrote an amicus brief in the case Rice v. Cayetano, arguing  that Hawaii violated the Constitution by permitting only Native  Hawaiians to vote in their elections for the Office of Hawaiian  Affairs--the agency charged with working to advocate for the Native  Hawaiian community.   These views come from a lack of knowledge of the history of Native  Hawaiians, as well as Federal law and policies related to U.S.  indigenous people.   Based on nothing at all, he thinks indigenous people are just another  race. In his words, ``Hawaii's naked racial spoils system . . . makes  remedial set-asides and hiring and admissions preferences look almost  trivial by comparison.''   He also said: ``[I]f Hawaii is permitted to offer extraordinary  privileges to residents on the basis of race or ethnic heritage, so  will every other state.''   This is wrong on policy. This is wrong on the law. This is wrong  historically, but it is also important to recognize the tone here.  ``Remedial set-asides,'' ``racial spoils''--this is not someone who  understands the plight of indigenous people and the history of our  country as it relates to indigenous people. These views have serious  consequences for Alaska Natives and also for American Indians.   The Federal Government's protections for indigenous people are built  on tenets of the Constitution, Federal statutes, legal precedent, and  congressional actions. They exist against the backdrop of U.S.  injustice against indigenous American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native  Hawaiian communities. Judge Kavanaugh's misinformed views on the status  of indigenous people are alarming.   His views on women are also alarming. There is no doubt in my mind  that Judge Kavanaugh will undermine reproductive rights. He knows  better than to say in public that he is going to vote to overturn Roe  v. Wade. That is not what they do. The Federalist Society trains these  people really well to not say what they are going to do. There is a  reason everybody who wants to ban abortion is so enthusiastic  [[Page S6646]]  about this judge. They are not dumb. They understand his views, and  they understand the one thing you can't say is, yes, I will vote to  overturn Roe.   Here is an email from his days in the Bush administration--which, by  the way, the Republicans tried to hide from the public. He said: ``I am  not sure all legal scholars refer to Roe as the settled law of the land  at the Supreme Court level since the Court can always overrule its  precedent, and three current Justices on the Court would do so.'' This  is exactly why the Senate deserves to know if Judge Kavanaugh would  overrule this precedent. I think he will.   Time after time during the hearing, he evaded answers to that  question, but we already know he embraces restrictive limitations on  abortion that would, in practice, deprive women of their constitutional  rights.   Judge Kavanaugh argued in one case that the Federal Government can  and should override a young woman's constitutional right to seek an  abortion because she was an immigrant.   This young woman had complied with the requirements of State law to  make that decision herself. She did not need the Federal Government to  transport her, pay for, or in any way facilitate the procedure. She  just needed them to let her out of detention to do the procedure, but  they didn't want to. They wanted to pressure her to voluntarily deport  herself. They put up artificial barriers to prevent her from exercising  her constitutional right. Judge Kavanaugh endorsed those barriers.  Making a young woman wait weeks to obtain an abortion for no reason  based on the Constitution, Federal or State law, or even public policy  is an undue burden. Republicans who worry about the overstepping of the  State should care about this.   Judge Kavanaugh's dissent shows his lack of respect for Roe, but even  if he avoids directly overturning Roe, he could be green-lighting State  or Federal laws that, in a practical effect, outlaw abortion.   Judge Kavanaugh would also rip apart of the ACA, if given a chance.  He ruled to limit access to contraception under the ACA, and he has  made it clear he thinks the Affordable Care Act is a ``significant  expanse of congressional authority--and thus also a potentially  significant infringement of individual liberty.'' A significant  expansion of congressional authority and potentially a significant  infringement of individual liberty--now that sounds like something a  Republican colleague would say. It is just a view about the Affordable  Care Act which that is to the extent we are collecting taxes and  establishing some statutory mandates to try to make sure more people  have healthcare that is affordable, a zero-sum game. And the more  people who have healthcare, the less liberty either the rest of us have  or maybe even those people have. I don't really know how it works, but  that is a view.    It is a view we hear, and I respect my Republican colleagues for  their views. I believe they are sincere in those views. That is not  normally the kind of thing you hear from a judge. He has a clear view  about the Affordable Care Act that isn't based in jurisprudence; it is  based in his long history as a Republican operative.   I want to be very clear. A Republican operative sounds like an  epithet. It sounds like a personal insult. I work with a lot of  operatives. They tend to be Democrats. Operatives--not all of them-- some of them are pretty cool. Some of them are honorable. A lot of them  are really effective. It is not a bad thing to be a political  operative. Someone has to run a campaign. Someone has to mobilize  voters. It is part of our democracy, like it or hate it. It is just  that we don't put them on courts at all. It is just that we have  literally never put an operative from either political party on the  highest Court in the land.   In his speeches, Judge Kavanaugh has left not-so-subtle bread crumbs  about how he would rule on the constitutionality of the individual  mandate, which is really the linchpin of the ACA. In a lecture at the  Heritage Foundation, he highlighted that the majority of the Supreme  Court agreed that ``the individual mandate, best read, could not be  sustained as constitutional.'' To him, the Chief Justice upheld the ACA  only because he tried too hard to avoid deciding the constitutional  issue. The whole speech is about how Judge Kavanaugh would not try too  hard to avoid the constitutional issue. The risk that he will provide  the vote to strike down the healthcare law is not a hypothetical.   Now, there were a lot of what most people in the bar thought were  rather nonserious challenges on the Affordable Care Act in various  circuit courts across the country, but I think we have learned that the  Supreme Court has an interest in the Affordable Care Act, maybe even a  kind of unhealthy obsession with the Affordable Care Act. So the idea  that these seemingly frivolous lawsuits will not be successful, I  think, is belied by the enthusiasm with which the Supreme Court wants  to take these circuit court decisions which are getting appealed and  rule on them.   Challenges to the ACA could come before the Supreme Court as early as  this term. So I think it is really important for people to remember  that. Listen, we all have our talking points on both sides of the  aisle. I understand that. It is not a theoretical risk. It is a real  risk that ACA is gutted; that the individual mandate is gutted; that  protections for people with preexisting conditions is gutted; that what  they call essential health benefits could fall away; that the whole  architecture of our healthcare system could be gutted in this term.   I am also voting no because Judge Kavanaugh puts corporations above  people--again, not a rhetorical flourish. This is most apparent in his  opinions about the environment. I want you to know about a case which  concerned the EPA's authority to regulate mercury emissions. The  mercury rule was based on decades of research that showed devastating  health impacts of mercury on the brain, on the lungs, and on fetuses.  The Obama administration found that the mercury rule prevented as many  as 11,000 premature deaths by reducing heart and lung disease.   Let's be clear. It happened during the Obama administration, but this  isn't the EPA; these are professional scientists and researchers. These  are civil servants. They are not like Obama appointees who have some ax  to grind with a particular chemical. They just found that this chemical  is dangerous to people. The EPA was directed by law to study the public  health hazards of emissions from electric utilities, including mercury,  and to regulate emissions ``if appropriate and necessary.'' That is the  standard, ``if appropriate and necessary.'' Judge Kavanaugh thought the  mercury rule was inappropriate because it didn't take into account the  cost to the electric utilities to implement.   I mean, think about that. You see a law, and it says ``regulate  emissions where appropriate and necessary,'' and then you are a judge  and you read that law and you say: Listen, Agency, you didn't think  about the corporations enough. So somehow that is violative of the law.   To arrive at his decision, he substituted his own judgment of what is  ``appropriate'' for EPA. ``Appropriate'' means saving 11,000 lives. For  Judge Kavanaugh, it meant not imposing too many costs on polluters.   He has and will continue to fight any attempt by the EPA to keep up  with evolving threats to public health from polluted air and water and  from climate change. Even though Supreme Court precedent was clear that  greenhouse gases fit with the Clean Air Act's ``capacious definition of  air pollutant''--in other words, greenhouse gases are a pollutant.  Everybody knows that. It is not a dispute among scientists or even  among regular people who understand that climate change is real, but  Judge Kavanaugh pushed back. When the majority of the DC Circuit  followed this precedent in another EPA case, he dissented. The  conservative Justices on the Supreme Court were convinced, and they  voted 5 to 4 to strike down the EPA's rule. There will be a lot more of  that when Judge Kavanaugh joins them.   When Judge Kavanaugh is confirmed, he will use a far-right doctrine  to block Federal agencies from protecting Americans' health and safety.  He wants to do away with something called Chevron deference, which  prevents judges from substituting their judgment for that of Congress  or a Federal agency.   Here is how it works. When Congress passes a law, you can't-- especially as it  [[Page S6647]]  relates to regulations about pollutants. We don't know exactly--we  don't know all the science. So what we say is, for instance: Keep the  air clean. Keep the water clean. You, Agency, figure out what is most  important to ban, regulate on, and otherwise monitor. So it delegates  that authority to Federal agencies which have the technical expertise  and knowledge to implement and enforce the law.   Without that authority, we wouldn't have the rules to protect our air  and water from pollution. We wouldn't be able to regulate access to new  dangerous drugs. We wouldn't have rules to protect consumers from  unsafe or predatory products and services because everything is  supposed to be legislated.   If you don't believe in Chevron deference, then--we are supposed to  every year come up with a new list of chemicals to ban or not ban. What  do we know about that? Seriously, what do we know about that? Do you  think maybe the lobbyists might be involved in that process more so  than if you let the administrative agencies do that?   For the life of me, I don't understand--I mean, I do understand why  people want to get rid of Chevron deference, but I don't understand the  legal justification for it. The reason they want to get rid of Chevron  deference is because it makes life safer for big corporations and less  safe for the rest of us.   A vote for Judge Kavanaugh would be a vote against Chevron deference.  It would allow judges to decide what a law means without considering  Congress's intentions or listening to the Agency.   Perhaps most worrisome for me is Judge Kavanaugh's views on Executive  power. The context here is, the Federalist Society provided a list to  Donald Trump and Donald Trump said, ``Looks good to me,'' as part of  his sort of solidifying the primary, and then Judge Kavanaugh got added  at the end. I mean, after the initial list was established, then one  person got added at the end.   In terms of their jurisprudence, there is not a big difference  between Judge Kavanaugh and the rest of the people on the list, but  here is the difference: Judge Kavanaugh has a very unique view of  Executive authority and what a President is subjected to in terms of  the law.   In his writings and rulings, he has made clear that he thinks a  President can choose not to follow the law if he thinks it is  unconstitutional. Can you imagine that a President can just say: ``That  law is unconstitutional, so I refuse to enforce it''?   Congress couldn't do anything about it because it would all go to the  Supreme Court where Judge Kavanaugh sits. Do you think Donald Trump  might like that idea? I think Donald Trump might like that idea.   Judge Kavanaugh thinks the President is literally above the law, not  just in terms of not enforcing statutes passed by the U.S. Congress; he  has made it clear in speeches and writings that he does not think a  President can or should be investigated or indicted for criminal  offenses while in office.   He said that maybe Nixon was wrongly decided, referring to the United  States v. Nixon. It is a 1974 decision in which the Supreme Court  unanimously held that President Nixon had to comply with a subpoena to  turn over the tapes of his conversations in the White House. He wrote  in the Minnesota Law Review in 2009 that he thinks a President  shouldn't be indicted for breaking the law. Let me repeat that. He  wrote in the Minnesota Law Review in 2009 that he thinks a sitting  President shouldn't be indicted for breaking the law.   Now, near as I can tell--I am not a lawyer--but near as I can tell,  this is the main difference between Judge Kavanaugh's views and the  rest of the people on the Federalist Society list. I mean, the head of  the Federalist Society, before Judge Kavanaugh was nominated, was  asked: Do you have any favorites? He said: Anyone on this list would be  great.   It is just weird to me that the President of the United States picked  this guy, a Bush person. It is not normally his preference to pick a  Bush person, but this person has this really specific view about how  powerful a President should be, and that is really worrisome.   He also wrote that there is ``a serious constitutional question  regarding whether a President can be criminally indicted and tried  while in office.'' This is the tip of the iceberg.   Judge Kavanaugh has also asserted that the President has ``absolute  authority'' to pardon all offenders for any crime at any time, even  before a trial or a charge; even before he or she is charged. Does he  mean all offenders, even the President? Judge Kavanaugh may have  refused to answer this question at the hearing, but his expansive view  of Executive power speaks for him.   His view puts the President above the law, and this is dangerous  because right now Special Counsel Robert Mueller is in the middle of an  investigation into the President's campaign. Instead of following  Supreme Court case law, Judge Kavanaugh may try to undermine that  investigation and stop attempts to subpoena the President or to collect  evidence.   The context, of course--sometimes we in the Senate pretend not to  know things we know. There are a lot of smart people here, but we  sometimes don't say what is actually going on, which, as everybody  knows, even people who are loyal to him--or people who pretend to be  loyal to him but privately grouse about him--the President demands  loyalty to him, not to the Constitution, not to the country. The  President is a person who demands personal loyalty. He could have  picked anybody, but he picked Brett Kavanaugh, the one judge who  believes the President is above the law and should be left alone.   These issues have been clear since the nomination, and that is why I  pledged to vote no. Others came to light last week when the whole  country had the chance to hear from Christine Blasey Ford and Judge  Kavanaugh. What we saw, I think, was alarming for a lot of people.  Whatever your view on all of the stuff I just talked about, actually,  we saw behavior that was just weird. It was kind of manic. It was  angry. It was wild-eyed. It was threatening. I mean, we talk--listen, I  was in the State house of representatives, so I wasn't in a position to  deal with advice and consent on State judges, so I hadn't dug into what  the criteria were when you are considering a judge.   So when I got to the Senate--I am in my sixth year--there were a lot  of conversations about judicial temperament. You think about  qualifications. You want to make sure the views are not too extreme.  Then you think about temperament. This thing about temperament is being  totally ignored by the majority because if you care at all about  temperament, if you care at all about the idea of equal justice for  all, if you care--and we are so close to the U.S. Supreme Court  physically right now. If you care about that magnificent building and  the idea that anybody going before that highest Court in the land is  going to get a fair shake, it is just vanishingly unlikely that if you  are with the National Resource Defense Council or NARO or Planned  Parenthood or MoveOn, or whoever he views as part of this attempt to  smear him, they are going to court and they are going to be a litigant  and they are going to be looking at Judge Kavanaugh saying: Oh, yes, he  is undecided.   This is the important thing: Some people will argue that he is going  to be an evenhanded jurist, that he sort of lost his cool, but he  cleaned it up in this most recent Wall Street Journal editorial. Maybe.  I don't think so. I think it is implausible. The point is, he can't  even appear--you are not supposed to even appear to be anything less  than impartial, and he ripped the mask off.   Again, he is a Republican. That is fine. I get along with  Republicans--not all of them, but I get along with Republicans--and he  can have all of those views. It is just that once you start  articulating really partisan views, especially in the context of a  nomination process, then the mask is off, and you don't belong on the  Court. You have to display the proper temperament on and off the Bench  at all times. ``What that means is in dealings with one's colleagues on  the bench, having an open mind, being respectful of a colleague's  views, being respectful of the lawyers who come before the court and  not treating them disrespectfully, but to have proper respect for the  lawyers on the court.''  [[Page S6648]]    I am quoting Judge Kavanaugh, and I did not see that Judge Kavanaugh  last week.   I just want to make one minor point about that. Whatever we think of  that Wall Street Journal editorial, besides the fact that there was no  actual apology, it wasn't like a spur-of-the-moment thing where he kind  of lost it and said a few things he didn't mean to say. He wrote the  speech the day before. That speech was what he wanted to say. That is  what he intended to say. So it is not like the passion--I have said  lots of things I wish I didn't say, but generally when I write them  down, I can't fairly characterize that as a mistake. Maybe I made a  factual error. Maybe I stumble. Maybe I shouldn't have said one  paragraph.   That whole thing was a mess. That whole thing was an emotional mess.  That actually should have been disqualifying, and that should have been  the moment where Members of the Republican Party just went over and  said: Listen, we have 18 conservative judges. Any of them could get  confirmed. This guy is not right for the Bench. This guy is going to be  bad for the institution of the Court.   I want to talk a little bit about the Federalist Society, an  organization with a mission to alter the legal landscape of the United  States. For decades, the Federalist Society has worked to remake the  Federal judiciary with the view of power of corporations, Executive  authority, social conservatism, and the protection of privilege that is  out of the legal mainstream. As Amanda Hollis-Brusky, a professor of  politics at Pomona College and the author of ``Ideas with  Consequences,'' a study of the Federalist Society, said: ``The idea was  to train, credential, and socialize a generation of alternative  elites.''   This is because we have Republican Presidents who would nominate and  get confirmed Justices that were Republican but not as reliably  conservative as they wanted. So the Federalist Society, formed for the  purpose of saying, you know, we are not going to get fooled again. We  want our stuff. We want our outcomes. We don't want you to actually  fairly consider the law and the Constitution and just call balls and  strikes and all that. That is what they say. They set up this apparatus  to do the opposite; to be very outcome-oriented and to be very  conservative. That is what the Federalist Society has done.   This nomination is the latest success story of this ambitious  enterprise, and his confirmation will, unfortunately, entrench these  judicial views in the Supreme Court for decades to come.   While his views on some issues are known, the Senate and the American  people still don't have a full picture of who he is, and that is  because at every turn there has been a concerted effort to hide the  documents.   Now, this feels like 10 weeks ago, but before the last scandal, what  I thought was terribly scandalous was that this man had been in public  life, he worked for the government, and so there are tons of records of  that, right? You can FOIA it. Most of it is archived because he worked  in the White House. In the end, the committee didn't receive 95 percent  of the documents related to his public life.   Now, we are not talking about a fishing expedition. We are talking  about when he worked in the White House, where are the records of that?  We didn't get to see any of it. It was, in my view, a misuse of the  process in the Judiciary Committee related to what is considered  committee confidential.   In the past, committee confidential essentially means anything that  is personally sensitive or anything that is either secret or top  secret. Committee confidential is a narrow thing, but what they decided  to do is say 95 percent of all the records we just don't get to see. So  the U.S. Senate and the public doesn't get to review 95 percent of the  records related to Judge Kavanaugh's public service.   These are the reasons I find it hard to believe Judge Kavanaugh is  going to have a successful vote tomorrow; and I do understand he will  have a successful vote. I guess it is today because we are 3 in the  morning.   Judge Kavanaugh's judicial record, his temperament, his views on  Executive power should be enough to scare away most Members of this  body.   This is a dark day for the Senate, but more important than that--I  worry very much about this institution. I worry about the way we have  conducted ourselves. I worry about the bastardization of this process.  I worry about our ability to come back together. I worry about, the  Senate's traditional role, when it is working, is to calm everybody  down, is to deal with stuff that is hard. It seems to me that at every  stage, instead of being the cooling saucer, instead of being a place  where we can deal with tough issues, we serve to inflame the passions  of folks on both sides, to cause pain across the country, and to not  get to the truth. More important than the institutional aspect, it is a  dark day for vulnerable people, women in particular, people of color,  indigenous peoples, people with preexisting conditions, people who  struggle economically, union members.   The country is feeling torn apart, and the Senate has traditionally  played a role in calming tensions down, moving methodically, being  fair, and this process is not that. We need another nominee.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   