 Mr. President, as we approach Memorial Day weekend, we will  soon pause to honor and remember the members of our Armed Forces who  have paid the ultimate price in service to our country.   As Americans, we honor all our veterans who have sacrificially fought  for our freedoms--certainly those who have paid with their lives but  also those who have returned home, determined that we not forget their  fallen brothers- and sisters-in-arms.   Among the most meaningful ways Congress can honor our veterans is to  uphold the promises that have been made to them. One such promise and  responsibility is to ensure that America's veterans have access to the  quality medical care they earned through their service.   I thank Chairman Isakson and his staff for all the effort they have  put into the bill before us. His tireless work on behalf of America's  veterans has produced the compromise legislation now pending that aims  to reform the VA's broken community care programs.   I particularly appreciate Chairman Isakson for sending his staff to  Wyoming to understand the problems our veterans and providers have had  with VA Choice.   Since the VA Choice Program was enacted in 2014, I have received  hundreds of letters and calls from people across Wyoming who were so  frustrated with the program that they felt they had no other choice but  to call their Senator. I have been contacted by veterans who could not  access timely followup care or critical screenings because of unpaid  claims, leading to providers dropping patients. Some veterans are even  facing collections from the Choice Program's failure to pay the  providers' claims.   Similarly, many providers have not been paid for medical services  they have provided. That has led some of Wyoming's physicians to stop  participating in VA Choice. We are the least populated State in the  Nation, but earlier this month, we had 3,130 pending claims in Wyoming,  with 1,025 of them being over 30 days old. To get those numbers to even  that level has required multiple meetings with the Department of  Veterans Affairs and the administrator of the VA Choice Program for  Wyoming. At the end of March, there were 5,319 pending claims and 3,214  more that were more than 30 days old. A number of my colleagues have  participated in those meetings, and I appreciate their shared interest  in improving care for our veterans in rural States.   Despite those meetings, I still hear reports about how difficult it  is to get simple questions answered. Whether dealing with the VA  directly or with contractors who are supposed to administer the  program, the process of receiving and paying for healthcare services is  broken.   I believe the problems faced by Wyoming's veterans and doctors will  be improved by this bill. I thank the Senator from Georgia for  including provisions related to healthcare providers, veteran  education, prompt payment to providers, tools for the VA to resolve  payment issues, and VA flexibility to enter into agreements between VA  facilities and healthcare providers. However, I do have one  disappointment. I do have one concern with the bill. It is not paid  for. I believe we must acknowledge that borrowing more money to pay for  this program isn't an ideal way to honor our veterans. CBO estimates  that Federal outlays will total more than $56.6 trillion over the next  10 years--that is $56,600 billion--and yet nowhere in that budget can  we find $4.5 billion to offset the cost of this program?   I believe we should care for our veterans in a fiscally responsible  manner. In fact, I believe this is the best way to ensure their care  long term, as well as the care for veterans of the next generation.   I ask for support of the bill.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   