 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend, Mr.  Evans, for yielding, and thank you to the chairman of the CBC, Cedric  Richmond.   Mr. Speaker, it is true that I grew up in rural Alabama, 50 miles  from Montgomery, outside of a little place called Troy. It is true that  my father was a sharecropper, a tenant farmer.   But in 1944, when I was 4 years old--and I do remember when I was 4-- my father had saved $300, and a man sold him 110 acres of land. We  picked cotton. We gathered peanuts. We pulled corn.   Sometimes I would be out there working in the field and I would fall  behind, and my mother would say: ``Boy, you need to catch up.''   I would say: ``This is hard work.''   And she would say: ``Hard work never killed anybody.''   I said: ``Well, it's about to kill me.''   But one day, 15 years old, in the 10th grade, I heard of Martin  Luther King, Jr. I heard of Rosa Parks in 1955. The action of Rosa  Parks, the words and leadership of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.,  inspired me to find a way to get in the way. So 2 years later, I wrote  a letter to Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., in 1957, and I told him, in  this little letter, that I wanted to attend a State-supported college  called Troy State, now known as Troy University. It didn't admit Black  students.   Dr. King wrote me back and sent me a round-trip Greyhound bus ticket  and  [[Page H11]]  invited me to come to Montgomery to meet with him. In the meantime, I  had been accepted at a little college in Nashville, Tennessee, American  Baptist College.    Dr. King got back in touch with me and said: ``When you are home for  spring break, come and see me.''   So, in 1958, I boarded a Greyhound bus and traveled from Troy to  Montgomery, and a young lawyer by the name of Fred Gray, who had been a  lawyer for Rosa Parks and for Dr. King, met me at the First Baptist  Church, pastored by the Reverend Ralph Abernathy, and took me in to see  Dr. King and Reverend Ralph Abernathy.   Martin Luther King, Jr., said: ``Are you the boy from Troy? Are you  John Lewis?''   I said: ``Dr. King, I am John Robert Lewis,'' but he still called me  ``the boy from Troy.''   This man inspired me to stand up, to find a way to get in the way or  find a way to get in trouble, in good trouble, necessary trouble.   He said: ``If you want to go to Troy State, we will help you, but we  may need to file a suit against the State of Alabama, against Troy  State. Go back and have a discussion with your mother and your father.  Tell them their home may be bombed or burned. They can lose their  land.''   I went back. My mother was so afraid and my father was afraid, so I  continued to study in Nashville. From time to time, Dr. King would come  and visit Nashville and speak at mass meetings and rallies. But he  inspired me, along with Rosa Parks and others, to get involved.   He led the Montgomery bus boycott. For more than 381 days, people  walked the streets; they shared cars and rides; they stood in unmovable  lines; but they never gave up.   Dr. King inspired us to stand up. He inspired us to believe in the  philosophy and the discipline of nonviolence. We would be sitting at a  lunch counter waiting to be served, and someone would come up and spit  on us or put a lighted cigarette down our backs or in our hair, pour  hot water or hot coffee on us, but we obeyed his instructions.   So I got arrested a few times during the sixties, 45 times, but I  never gave up.   Just think, in 1961, the same year that President Barack Obama was  born, Black people and White people couldn't leave the city sitting  together to travel on a Greyhound bus or a Trailways bus through the  South.   People were arrested, jailed, beaten, but Dr. King met us in  Montgomery, sheltered us in a church. One night, while we were there in  that church, when people were threatening to bomb the church or burn it  down, he made a call to Robert Kennedy and told him about what was  happening. Robert Kennedy communicated to his brother, President  Kennedy, and the President put the city of Montgomery under martial  law.   If it hadn't been for Martin Luther King, Jr., Robert Kennedy, and  President Kennedy, some of us would have died in that church. But it  led to the desegregation of public transportation all across the  American South.   More than 400 people--400 of us--arrested in Jackson, Mississippi. We  filled the city jail, the county jail, and, later, the penitentiary at  Parchman. But Martin Luther King, Jr., changed America forever. He  taught us how to live and he taught us how to die. He taught us to be  brave, to be courageous, to be bold.   If it hadn't been for Martin Luther King, Jr., I don't know what  would have happened to many of us, happened to America. Many of us of  color, whether we are Black, Latino, Asian American, or Native  American, wouldn't be in this body. He opened up the political process.   He was a man who believed in the way of peace, the way of love,  believed in the philosophy and the discipline of nonviolence.   In a few days, a few weeks, we will commemorate his passing. He was  assassinated on April 4, 1968. I was in Indianapolis, Indiana, with  Robert Kennedy when we heard that Dr. King had been assassinated. We  heard that he had been shot. Robert Kennedy announced that he had died.  And I think, when Dr. King died, something died in all of us; something  died in America.   He left us the way of peace, the way of love, the way of hope, and I  hope that all young people and people not so young will commemorate and  learn something about the teachings of Dr. King.   I want to thank the chair of our caucus, Congressman Richmond, and  Mr. Evans, my friend and brother, for having the vision to hold this  teach-in tonight; and I hope we will do more to explain to the American  people and people around the world what Dr. King meant not just to  Americans, but to the world community.   