 Mr. President, I come to the floor to express my  opposition to the nomination of Alex Azar to be the next Secretary of  the Department of Health and Human Services.   Let me admit to the Chamber that this, for me, was certainly not as  easy a call as was the first vote on the nomination for this position  when Congressman Price was up for the job. I want to talk about the  reasons for my vote in opposition, but I first want to begin by giving  the nominee some credit for, I think, a very important series of  exchanges that he had before the committee.   One of the biggest potential disasters that would have been visited  upon this country by 4 years of Secretary Price would have been the  reversal of 8 years of transformation in the way that we pay for  healthcare through Medicare, primarily.   In 2011, Medicare made almost no payments to providers through what  we call alternative payment models. I know this sounds a little weedy,  but this is really the way that we drive down healthcare costs in this  country, and it is something that Republicans and Democrats should be  focused on together.   Alternative payment models generally refer to a switch in the way  that we pay for healthcare--a move away from reimbursing providers  based on how much medicine they practice to a reimbursement system that  rewards providers for the outcomes that they achieve--in fact,  rewarding hospitals and doctors and clinicians when they keep their  patients out of the doctor's office or out of the emergency room or out  of the hospital. This is the exact opposite of what the existing system  does, which rewards hospital systems and doctors the more that their  patients show up in the emergency rooms and the doctors' offices and in  the hospitals.   In the House of Representatives, Tom Price was the leader of the  opposition to what we call value-based payment and was the chief  defender of fee-for-service payment. While the Obama administration had  made remarkable progress--it had set a goal of moving 30 percent of all  Medicare payments over to outcome-based payments, which they achieved  by the end of 2016--Secretary Price was in the process of moving all of  that backward.    The reason I say that my vote here against Mr. Azar was not a slam  dunk--it is not a slam dunk--is that I give him credit for his  testimony on this question of alternative payments. In answer to a  question posed by Senator Whitehouse, he said that one of the greatest  legacies of Secretary Burwell's tenure was in the launching of so many  of the alternative payment models that we have out there.   I would like to keep driving that forward for all of us who care so  deeply about reducing costs in our healthcare system, about integration  and coordination, and in our just thinking about ways to deliver better  for our patients and beneficiaries. There are so many opportunities for  bipartisanship here because we share so many of the same goals on this.  [[Page S489]]    I applaud Mr. Azar for his seriousness about working with Democrats  and Republicans to try to shift our payment system over to something  that makes more sense, for his openness about how important the Obama- era reforms were, and for his decision, if he gets this job, to reverse  some of the sabotaging of those alternative payment models that  Secretary Price began.   Unfortunately, my enthusiasm for Mr. Azar's statements on alternative  payment models through Medicare are outweighed by his inability to  convince the HELP Committee or the Finance Committee that he is going  to be a responsible steward of the Affordable Care Act. This is from  where much of my worry comes, in part because Connecticut is a State  that has efficiently, ably, and responsibly implemented the Affordable  Care Act. We have hundreds of thousands of people in our State who now  have insurance because of the expansion of Medicaid and because of the  successful offering of plans to the uninsured through Connecticut's  exchange.   It was perplexing to those of us on the HELP Committee that Mr. Azar  seemed to defend the administration's decisions to sabotage and  undermine the Affordable Care Act. He even went so far as to try to  spin those changes as to be a strengthening of the law, which simply  does not pass the straight face test. I get it. During a confirmation  hearing, it is very hard for a nominee who may serve in the Cabinet to  be critical of the Commander in Chief, the person who has chosen him  for the job. Yet it is obvious for everybody to see what is happening  by the canceling of payments to insurance companies that helped  compensate them for the most expensive patients, by eliminating all of  the funding for the marketing and advertising of the exchanges, by  shortening the enrollment period in half, by constantly going on social  media and telling all prospective enrollees of ObamaCare that the ACA  is dead even though it is not dead--even though, as we found out, just  as many people signed up this year as signed up last year despite the  campaign to undermine it.   We all know that this is an obvious campaign of sabotage--that  President Trump is trying to kill the Affordable Care Act  administratively because he can't convince the American public to press  Congress to do away with it. The Affordable Care Act has the support of  the American public today, and that is the reason Congress could not  repeal it.   It was very troubling to me that Mr. Azar didn't acknowledge this  campaign of sabotage, which leads me to believe he is going to fulfill  instructions from the administration, from the White House, to continue  it. He went so far during the questioning with me to suggest that  shortening the enrollment period actually would help consumers with  something that the insurance companies were asking for. That is not  true. The insurance companies were not asking for that in Connecticut.  That does not help consumers, certainly, when you are also withdrawing  all of the money for marketing and advertising that would have been  used to tell people that the enrollment period was being shortened.   At the same time that I am going to vote no on this nomination  because I am deeply worried that as Secretary Mr. Azar is going to  continue this campaign of ACA sabotage, I do look forward to working  with him in a bipartisan way on payment reform--if he will allow it  with those of us who will vote against his nomination.   As much time as we spend in the Senate talking about coverage,  frankly, the more important, long-term reform is in the changing of how  we pay for healthcare because if we fundamentally change the way we pay  for healthcare and start rewarding good outcomes rather than just  rewarding more medicine being practiced, then we will save enough money  to insure everybody in this country through a means that both the  Republicans and Democrats can support.   I am going to vote no. I encourage my colleagues who care about the  effective administration of the Affordable Care Act to vote no.  Remember, it is a remarkable success story that 20 million people have  insurance. People know the strength of the Affordable Care Act. That is  why they pressed Congress not to repeal it. Despite the undermining  campaign, just as many people signed up this year as last year, which  is, frankly, extraordinary. I would hope that those people here who  believe in the Affordable Care Act, as the American people do, will  oppose this nomination. At the same time, I hope that there are  significant ways, if he is confirmed, that we can work together with  Secretary Azar.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.   