 Madam President, as President pro tempore of the U.S.  Senate and as the senior Senator from the great State of Utah, I wish  to speak today about the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization  Act for Fiscal Year 2019.   I join my colleagues in congratulating my good friend Senator John  McCain on the soon-to-be-successful passage of the 58th straight  Defense bill. I would also like to offer my sincere appreciation for  Senators Inhofe and Reed and their staffs, along with Senator McCain's  staff, who gracefully navigated the committee and the floor processes.  This is a monumental bill that will truly modernize our Armed Forces.   I have long appreciated the bipartisan nature of each year's NDAA.  Some would say that this process could be seen as a microcosm of how  things should work here in Congress--putting the good of the country  ahead of politics. It is certainly how I have sought to do things here  during my Senate service. I also appreciated the efforts from most  Members of this body to get to yes on such an important proposal.   The yearly Defense bill is not something we do out of tradition or  habit; we do it out of necessity. Yes, it is a constitutional  requirement, but perhaps more importantly, it is an honor to give our  men and women in uniform the tools they need to keep America safe. The  policies and authorizations we have debated on the floor over the last  week represent people. They represent soldiers, sailors, marines,  airmen, and the civilian workforce, all of whom are family, friends,  neighbors, and fellow citizens.   Since first coming to the Senate in 1977, I have witnessed the use of  military force for good across the globe. I was personally involved in  helping use our military tools to counter Soviet expansionism in  Central Asia. It was around that time that I helped establish the  National Endowment for Democracy--an initiative in which Senator McCain  was intimately involved. The National Endowment for Democracy embodies  our commitment to promoting the virtues of freedom and liberty across  the globe.   Anyone who knows me knows that I like to see the good in people, but  even with my optimism, one unfortunate truth exists: There are people  and groups in this world who seek to do harm to the United States, and  our men and women in uniform face these threats every day. I am  eternally grateful for the sacrifice and dedication of our  servicemembers. I am grateful for their strength, their intelligence,  and their commitment to preserving the values we hold dear.   As we see today with the heinous violations of human rights around  the world, freedom, prosperity, and security are under constant threat.  The abusive actions of the Governments of Iran and North Korea are just  two examples among many.   Given the constant threats our country and our allies face, we must  always work to maintain a strategic advantage over our adversaries. We  must be able to win wars without fighting them, and if we need to  fight, we need to begin wars having already won them. How do we do  this? By investing in our military and the civilians who support them,  giving them more of what they need, not less; by modernizing our  weapons systems; by taking care of our bases and facilities; and by  never losing sight that people come first and that our obligation to  them extends beyond their service to the Nation. That is what we have  accomplished with this year's NDAA, which covers an unprecedented $716  billion in support of the Department of Defense and the national  security program of the Department of Energy.   With this historic bill, members of our Armed Forces will enjoy a  2.6-percent pay increase. With this legislation, we also increase  personnel for all branches of the military.   This bill represents a significant step forward in the modernization  of our Armed Forces. The future fighting force of high-tech warfare is  quickly becoming a reality. But we cannot rest on our laurels. Just as  our adversaries modernize their forces, we have to do the same. I think  we can all agree that maintaining our strategic advantage against now  near-peer adversaries must always be our objective.   So how do we prepare our future fighting force? We continue to  modernize through recapitalization efforts, such as the F-35, KC-46,  and the future ground-based strategic deterrent. We have to maintain  our competitive edge. We must also focus on attracting talent and  shoring up the supply chain.   In serving Utah, I have been honored to represent the hard-working  men and women of our major military installations--Hill Air Force Base,  Dugway Proving Ground, Tooele Army Depot, Camp Williams, and the Utah  Test and Training Range, which cannot be duplicated. Contained within  this bill are necessary increases to keep those installations manned  and operational. Utah is a wonderful place that provides extensive  support to the warfighter through advance manufacturing, training, and  operational capabilities.   I have faithfully worked on behalf of the people of Utah and the  people of this great country for the last 42 years. As a symbol of my  respect for the men and women in uniform, I wish to express my sincere  reverence and gratitude for all who have given the ultimate sacrifice  in serving our country, including the over 330 Utahns who have died  while on Active Duty service since 1976. I likewise wish to honor their  families, whose sacrifices are just as great.   That we were able to accomplish so much with this Defense bill is  credit to the leadership of Senator John McCain--and others but  certainly Senator McCain--who has been a key part of this legislation  over the course of his Senate service. Senator McCain is so much more  than the chairman of the Armed Services Committee; he is an American  hero who represents the best this Nation has to offer. I know I speak  for all of my colleagues in thanking him for his service and sacrifice.   With that, I yield the floor.   