 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment requires the National  Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration, NOAA, to develop a  strategy for how they plan to implement electronic monitoring in the  Northeast Multi-Species Fishery by 2021.   Today, the majority of monitoring is conducted by at-sea, in-person  monitors who NOAA sends on only about 30 percent of the trips. What is  more, vessel owners must pay the cost of this in-person monitoring, at  a cost of $900 a day. Not only is this a financial burden, especially  on the small boat fleet owners, but it is also less effective because  it leaves massive gaps for bad actors to exploit the system.   Modernizing fisheries monitoring programs by the full-scale adoption  of electronic monitoring is critical for the future sustainability and  the development of the North Atlantic's multi-species fishery. Full  implementation of electronic monitoring will mean better data for  making stock assessments and making sure that every fishing trip is  monitored. This means better protections for our environment and more  sustainable fisheries so that our fishing industry can remain strong  for the generations to come.   This is why, in my district, there is already broad support among  fishermen for moving to an electronic monitoring regime. It costs less.  It rewards fishermen who play by the rules. It ensures that  sustainability of the fisheries that their industry depends upon goes  forward.   In fact, the Northeast Fisheries Council has already outlined the  goal of total adoption of an electronic monitoring regime. However,  NOAA's Marine Fishery Service does not have a strategy in place to make  that goal a reality. Without an implementation strategy from NOAA,  fishermen who elect to invest in electronic monitoring for their  vessels would still be subject to the costly at-sea monitoring regime,  so, in effect, would be forced to pay twice.   We need to move forward on this issue, take advantage of the new  technologies that not only make it cheaper and easier to monitor, but  more effective as well. We have an opportunity for a win-win scenario,  but it requires that we commit to pursuing it.   Step one is NOAA reporting to Congress on what full implementation of  the electronic monitoring should look like and by focusing first on the  Northeast region. This strategy will serve as a model for other fishery  regions around the country as they take their own steps towards  adopting electronic monitoring across the country.    Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr.  Young).    Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague from Alaska. I think the  gentleman understands full well that that monitor on the ship poses  very challenging times from the time that they are on that ship, and  the $900 a day is simply something that fishermen can't afford right  now. It is not necessary.   Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague from Alaska for joining with me in  this effort, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this is another amendment that will reduce  the cost of monitoring on fishermen.   My amendment would allow the National Oceanic and Atmospheric  Administration, NOAA, to spend the fees they collect from penalties  that are assessed against violators of fisheries regulations to help  defray the costs related to monitoring. Being able to use the fees in  this way will actually help NOAA prevent against future violations, as  well as possibly reduce the cost to fishermen themselves.   Currently, these fees can be used only to support NOAA enforcement  actions. While enforcement is important, it unnecessarily prevents NOAA  from spending these funds on preventing violations in the first place.  Electronic monitoring and at-sea monitoring trips help to ensure that  these kinds of abuses do not occur. This makes them a critical tool to  NOAA in enforcing regulations and ensuring that our fisheries remain  sustainable.   Countless fishermen in my district have been suffering this past year  because a select few decided to abuse the system. Greater investments  in monitoring may have helped prevent this massive fraud that occurred.  However, now that it has, it is important that measures be put in place  to prevent anything like this from ever happening again. That means  funding for prevention and monitoring.   NOAA should be able to use the funds it collects from the recent  cases and any other cases that inevitably arise to double down on  protecting the sustainability of fisheries and preventing as much abuse  as possible before the harm is ever done.   My amendment does just that by allowing NOAA to use the fees it  collects to support prevention efforts. This gives NOAA and the  fisheries managers greater flexibility to find the right balance  between prevention and enforcement, and, at the same time, lowers the  cost of monitoring for fishermen.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support of this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from Alaska for his  support. He knows full well how difficult it is, particularly in our  region, for fishermen just to sustain themselves, let alone sustain the  fish. We want to sustain the fishermen themselves. These small vessels  are out there, and they are facing $900-a-day monitoring charges. This  is another means by which we will be able to do it.   So I find myself agreeing three times in the last few minutes with my  colleague from Alaska--twice on my amendments and the other, indeed, on  a prior amendment where he rightfully pointed out the rather hyperbolic  description of the State of Maine, as wonderful as it is, and remind  and agree with him that, indeed, this was just a mere portion of  Massachusetts at one time.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   