 Mr. President, earlier this week, the Senate voted to  confirm Kevin McAleenan to be the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and  Border Protection. This is a national security job. It is the person in  charge of making sure America has secure borders. He was approved  unanimously by the Senate Finance Committee that voted on it before it  came to the floor.  [[Page S1903]]    In spite of that unanimous vote, the Democrats in this body still  delayed this nominee from taking office for as long as they could. They  forced the majority to file cloture on it. We had the vote last week,  then we had to wait to do it, spend the time, and in the end, 30  Democrats--the Democrats who demanded we hold a cloture vote, delay the  vote--voted in favor of his confirmation. This had nothing to do with  his qualifications for the office. They just wanted to delay and  obstruct. That is what we are dealing with here.   Forcing a cloture vote on a noncontroversial executive nominee used  to be extremely rare--hardly ever happened. There were 15 people  confirmed after a cloture vote at this point for the previous four  Presidents combined. So if you take a look at the previous four  Presidents--Obama, Clinton, both Bushes--a total of 15 votes were  taken, requiring cloture in each of those Presidencies, total.   What about President Trump? Fifty people--50, 5-0--have been  confirmed only after deliberate delay by the Democrats, forcing us to  waste time on cloture votes. That doesn't even count people who were  nominated to be judges. We are just talking about Presidential  appointments in the executive branch. This delay is unproductive, and  it is unprecedented.   Democrats are insisting on cloture votes because there is a Senate  rule that allows for up to 30 hours of debate on Presidential nominees  after we have had that vote. In reality, very little of this time is  actually spent on debating the nominees or their credentials to serve  in the office for which they have been nominated.   It is a pattern of ongoing obstruction the Democrats have been  following since the very first day of the Trump administration. That is  right. Since the very first day, Inauguration Day last year,  Republicans wanted to vote on Mike Pompeo's nomination to be head of  the Central Intelligence Agency, an important key position in any  President's Cabinet, but we already had the debate in the Foreign  Relations Committee. We could have had a debate on the floor that  evening, but no. A small number of Democrats blocked it and forced us  to have first a cloture vote and delay moving forward, delaying the  process from day one--Inauguration Day--of the administration.    How much of the 30 hours did the Democrats actually spend debating  this person's qualifications to be head of the CIA? Less than 2 hours.  They wasted 30 hours of the whole time; only 2 hours was used in  debate. That is how long the Democrats spent on this floor giving their  reasons why they wanted to vote against the nominee. It had nothing to  do with Mr. Pompeo; it was just so Democrats could waste 3 more days,  allowing nothing else to happen, blocking other activities in the  Senate. The rules allow the Democrats to stall, and they took full  advantage of the rules.   It is time, in my opinion, to end this partisan spectacle. We have 78  more nominees for various jobs who have made it through their committee  hearings and are waiting for a vote on this floor. Most of these people  have bipartisan support. They can be and will be confirmed easily. The  administration has to waste time to get their team in place. Democrats  aren't using the rules for debate. They are not using the rules for  deliberation. It is only for delay.   It wasn't and hasn't always been this way, and there is no reason it  should continue this way. The Senate had a different standard for  executive branch nominations a few years ago. In 2013 and 2014, the  rules said that we would have a full 30 hours of debate only for  Cabinet Secretaries; for all other executive branch Presidential  appointees, only 8 hours of debate. But today we allow 30 hours on  every nomination, and Democrats have shown that, in most cases, it is  far too much time.   We need a fair debate on every nomination. The procedure from 2013  and 2014 was fair. The way Democrats are wasting time today to keep us  from doing work is not fair. It is time to return to the rules for  debating nominations that the Senate used 4 years ago.   The rules that we used in 2013 and 2014 were the result of a  compromise. Democrats controlled the Senate at the time, and a Democrat  was making the nominations; that was President Obama. Republicans  agreed to a fair time limit on the amount of debate. There was a  bipartisan group who worked on this compromise--four Republicans, four  Democrats--and I was one of the four Republicans who were part of that  group. Senator Schumer, who is now the Democratic leader, was part of  that group as well. There was overwhelming support for these changes on  both sides of the aisle. It is time to change the Senate rules and go  back to that process that Senator Schumer supported in 2013 and in 2014  when Democrats were in the majority.   Today, Democrats deliberately delay in ways that limit us to a couple  of nominations in a typical week. If we go back to the 2014 standard,  we could clear multiple nominations in a single day.   We should have this process back in place by the time we take up Mike  Pompeo's nomination to be Secretary of State when we get back in April.   The world is a dangerous place. We have serious concerns about  Russia, Iran, China, and important trade issues that we need to be  working on. The President will be meeting with North Korean leader Kim  Jong Un. America needs to have a full slate of people helping the  President on these issues, and we need them to be the correct, very  talented people that a President needs.   We are fortunate to have Mike Pompeo as the likely nominee to be  Secretary of State. He is the right person for the job. He knows the  issues. He knows the people. He has the intelligence. He has the  integrity. He has the experience for the job.   We will be having confirmation hearings in the Foreign Relations  Committee in April. Let's have a hearing, a fair debate, and then let's  vote. Let's not have any of these continued stalling tactics and this  pointless obstruction that Democrats have engaged in ever since the  first day President Trump took office.   Mike Pompeo's nomination to be Secretary of State will still get 30  hours of debate, and after that, we will need to confirm a new CIA  Director. Last year, we allowed 30 hours of debate on that nomination,  and Democrats used only 2 of the 30. Under the compromise rules that I  think we should return to, we would allow up to 8 hours of debate. It  is clearly enough--more than most people would think would be needed.   We have more than 100 other qualified people who have been voted on  and approved by the appropriate Senate committee, and they are waiting  to do important jobs. With all of the threats that our country is  facing around the world, it is time for Democrats in the Senate to stop  wasting time and stop abusing the rules. It is time for Democrats to  join Republicans and the President to do all we can to keep America  prosperous, safe, and secure.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   