 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to  3 minutes as in morning business.    Mr. President, earlier today I talked to a server who  worked in a restaurant in Northeast Ohio, in Trumbull County, north of  Youngstown, and she is concerned, as I am, about a proposal from the  U.S. Department of Labor that pretty much legalizes wage theft.   We know, in this country right now, servers, or tipped workers, can  be the person who pushes the wheelchair in the airport. I spoke to  somebody the other day who drove one of those airport carts in the  Cleveland airport. She makes $5 an hour because she is supposed to rely  on tips to get up to the minimum wage, but she doesn't always get tips,  or a server who works in a restaurant, in a diner in Garfield Heights  or in Chillicothe, OH, and makes sometimes only $2.10 an hour and  relies on tips. That is enough of a problem--that companies that employ  tipped workers can pay such low wages--but that is compounded by this  rule that comes out of the White House and the Department of Labor that  really is tantamount to wage theft. The rule simply says the tips you  put on the table at a Denny's or at a Bob Evans, the management--the  employer--can take those tips and distribute them however he or she  wants to other workers in the restaurant.   Now, plenty of waitresses and plenty of waiters and servers give out  some of their tips, distribute them to the bartender or others, and  that is their choice, but for the employer to be able to take the tips  from a worker, from a server, and decide whom to give it to in the back  office or in the kitchen--someone they are not paying enough to anyway;  to make up for that--or for the employer to just take the money and put  it in their pockets, under this rule coming out of the Department of  Labor--this is the Secretary of Labor and a government that is supposed  to represent workers, supposed to advocate for labor. This  administration has turned that upside down, where the Secretary of  Labor is advocating for employers and basically legalizing wage theft-- taking that money from tipped workers who work so hard.   We know how hard everybody at a diner works. They are not making a  lot of money. They rely on those tips. We are going to say--the U.S.  Government, the Department of Labor, the President of the United  States--is going to say: Oh, it is all right to take some of these tip  dollars and put them in my pocket as the employer. Give it to the  workers in the kitchen whom the company underpays because they are  going to supplement their underpaid wages with tips. It is mean- spirited, it is legitimatizing wage theft, and we have no business  doing it. There are 24 of us who have sent a letter to Secretary of  Labor Acosta condemning his decision.    First of all, they did a study and found that this would take  literally billions of dollars from the pockets of workers. They buried  that study. We are saying, at least let that study out. Let people  comment. Almost $6 billion in tips every single year will be lost  because of this decision. It is a really bad idea. It is mean-spirited,  and it frankly legalizes wage theft. It should be defeated.   I yield the floor.   