 Mr. President, I oppose the confirmation of Kenneth  Marcus to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights at the Department of  Education. Mr. Marcus has a long record of targeting First Amendment- protected speech and scholarship of people with whom he disagrees. His  history also reflects a hostility towards civil rights, including  making racially charged accusations and opposing affirmative action. In  addition, Mr. Marcus has not publicly committed to upholding the civil  rights protections of every student in the country, without regard to  LGBTQI status, race, home language, gender, religion, disability, or  immigration status.   I am particularly concerned with Mr. Marcus's nomination, given the  important role that the Office of Civil Rights--OCR--plays in  protecting students from discrimination in schools and on campuses, as  well as holding schools accountable for their sexual assault prevention  policies. As we are all aware, Secretary DeVos and Acting OCR Director  Candice Jackson have already taken very concerning steps to roll back  guidance and investigations of potential civil rights violations. Given  his testimony before the Senate HELP committee, I fear Mr. Marcus will  likely contribute to this troubling pattern of neglect at the  Department.   According to a joint statement by UnidosUS and National Urban League:  ``Kenneth Marcus' troubling record with regard to enforcing the rights  of immigrant students and English learners, and past attempts to  undermine critical policies aimed at remedying racial discrimination,  including affirmative action. Mr. Marcus [also] has a demonstrated  history of hostility toward affirmative action and all race-based  remedies to discrimination. He lacks a commitment to enforcing civil  rights protections for students of color, and does not believe in  disparate-impact or unintentional discrimination. J Street released a  statement expressing its concerns with Kenneth Marcus' nomination,  stating that ``[s]tudents deserve an assistant secretary who will  uphold all of our community's values and priorities--including support  for the fight against sexual violence and all forms of discrimination.  We need government officials who will defend women and all those  impacted by sexual violence, and who will fight this epidemic on  college campuses and in our society. It's evident that Marcus would be  an obstacle and not an ally in this work. His record shows that he is  not prepared to take a stand against the many forms of discrimination  based on gender, race, sexual identity and disability that harm  students today.''   In addition, the following various education, civil and disability  rights groups oppose the nomination: American Association of University  Women, AAUW; American Federation of Teachers; American-Arab Anti- Discrimination Committee; Americans for Peace Now; Arab American  Institute; Asian Americans Advancing Justice; Autistic Self Advocacy  Network; Center for Law and Social Policy, CLASP; Disability Rights  Education & Defense Fund; End Rape on Campus; Feminist Majority  Foundation; Hispanic Federation; Human Rights Campaign; J Street;  Jewish Voices for Peace; Lambda Legal; Lawyers' Committee for Civil  Rights Under Law; The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights;  League of United Latin American Citizens; Middle East Studies  Association of North America; Muslim Advocates; NAACP; NAACP Legal  Defense and Educational Fund; National Alliance for Partnerships in  Equity, NAPE; National Bar Association; National Center for Lesbian  Rights; National Center for Transgender Equality; National Council of  Jewish Women; National Education Association; National Urban League;  National Women's Law Center; Know Your IX; People for American Way;  Policy Link; Poverty & Race Research Action Council; Southeast Asia  Resource Action Center; Southern Poverty Law Center; TASH; UnidosUS,  formerly NCLR; and YWCA USA.   Given the widespread opposition to Mr. Marcus's nomination, his  troubling testimony in support of his confirmation, I cannot support  his nomination. I urge my colleagues to likewise oppose it.   (At the request of Mr. Durbin, the following statement was ordered to  be printed in the Record.)  