 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, we have heard a lot of talk about this program. We have  heard a lot about affordability, folks talking about being fiscally  conservative and making sure that this program is financially solvent,  hearing numbers like $20 billion in debt.   Mr. Speaker, let me give you another number: $1.5 trillion. $1.5  trillion, that is the amount of money we have spent on just 120  disasters since 1980, billion-dollar-plus disasters.   If we are fiscally conservative, then we need to address the $1.5  trillion, not focus on this small component of disasters.   How do you do that? You do that by making your communities more  resilient.   The Congressional Budget Office, FEMA, Corps of Engineers, and many  other organizations have come out and said that the way that you do  this is by being proactive and making investments in community  resiliency, in ecosystem resiliency. That is what you do.   If we are fiscal conservatives, if we are concerned about solvency  and the debt, why are we just focused on this one small program?   Mr. Speaker, here is the reality: Under the proposals that have been  put forth, it charges people for things they have no responsibility  over. That is called a tax. That is a tax.   The people in my home State of Louisiana are at the bottom of one of  the largest watersheds in the world. More water is being sent to us  because of development in the Upper Mississippi River Basin. Because of  the Federal Government's actions on our coast, we have lost 2,000  square miles of our coast.   You are going to charge these people higher premiums because of what  people above us are doing in other States and because of what our own  Federal Government did to us with the river? That is not a premium.  That is a tax. You are charging people for things they have no control  over.   We have structures and homes that have been in these places for 300  years, and you are suddenly going to charge them unaffordable rates?   This program does need reforms. It absolutely needs reforms. Those  reforms should include, as the chairman has stated, buyouts for  repetitive-flood-loss properties--absolutely--because that is the  fiscally appropriate, fiscally conservative thing to do. Not to  mention, no one wants their house to be flooded over and over again.   We have to make reforms, but this is not the right approach.   Let me be clear: I don't like a 7-day extension either. I don't. We  need to do a year extension where we can sit down and talk about the  right reforms to put us on the right trajectory to sustainably manage  this program and, importantly, in the face of changing disasters and  rising seas, so that we can prepare our Nation for the future.   