 Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague and  good friend from the Virgin Islands as well as the distinguished  gentleman from Louisiana for putting this measure forward today.   Obviously, I support H.R. 6720, to prohibit the slaughter of dogs and  cats for human consumption. I was pleased to join my distinguished  colleague and co-chairman of the Florida delegation, Congressman Vern  Buchanan, in reintroducing the measure.   It might surprise you to learn that consumption of dogs and cats is  still legal in 44 States, where there are no laws prohibiting the  purchasing, shipping, transporting, selling, or donating of dogs or  cats to be slaughtered for human consumption. This bill would prohibit  these actions and impose penalties to ensure that individuals involved  in the dog or cat meat trade are held accountable.   The United States' position on this cruel and brutal practice should  be unequivocal: Dogs and cats should not be killed in this country for  the consumption of their meat. It is with the utmost importance that we  unify our animal cruelty laws in all 50 States and explicitly ban the  torture and killing of dogs and cats for human consumption.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Buchanan for his steadfast  leadership in raising awareness on animal welfare issues in Congress,  and I also give a big shout-out to all those who have helped us put  this measure together in the United States, the number of people who  have been involved.   I hope this body will expeditiously pass the measure. Doing so will  reaffirm the United States' commitment to the humane treatment of our  most beloved companions.   I might add, I misspoke a minute ago when I said the 50 States. I  mean the 50 States and its territories should explicitly ban the  torture.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding to  me in support of this measure that I think is most deserving for my  dear friend from Florida.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member, and I rise in  support of this measure.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding,  and I thank my good friend, the chairman of this committee, for  bringing this forward.   I rise in support of this measure, urging all nations to outlaw the  inhumane dog and cat meat trade, and to enforce existing laws against  this barbaric practice.   In June of 2017, I introduced this measure with my distinguished  colleague and cochairman of the Florida delegation, Congressman Vern  Buchanan.   It is estimated that tens of millions of dogs and cats are killed for  human consumption annually across the globe. This display of animal  cruelty is not only inhumane, but also a threat to public health for  citizens and international visitors.   This resolution affirms the United States' commitment to the  protection of animals, and advances the animal protection movement  rapidly growing worldwide.   These innocent animals, often personal pets, are forcibly taken,  shoved into cages with broken bones, then shipped long distances,  without food or water, to meat markets, where they are regularly  bludgeoned, mutilated, boiled, or skinned while still alive.   When I was a child, I had three big dogs, True Boy, August, and  Tuesday. And in their memory, I am sure that they would be equally  proud that their owner was standing up for descendants of theirs and  others.   By passing H. Res. 401, Congress can bring the world one step closer  to hopefully ending this cruel practice once and for all.   Mr. Speaker, from the bottom of my heart, I want to thank the  thousands of activists across the country and around the globe for  their tireless efforts. They have never wavered in their commitment in  the fight against the global dog and cat meat trade.   It is my sincere hope that we expeditiously pass this measure. By  doing so, we will send a strong message, that no matter where you live,  animal cruelty is simply wrong.   A special thanks to Lisa Vanderpump, and Ken Todd, and Dr. John  Sessa, all of them being my friends, and certainly, Marc Ching, who has  personally witnessed many of these things in Yulin and elsewhere, that  brought my attention to this measure.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this resolution.   