 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4431, the Correcting  Miscalculations in Veterans' Pensions Act and urge all of my colleagues  to support this important legislation.   I introduced this legislation after one of our veteran constituents  in the First Congressional District of Georgia brought his own story to  my office. In this case, he was a veteran who, after his service in the  military, continued to serve our country by working in the Federal  Government. Veterans who work for the Federal Government can have their  Active Duty time in the military count toward their civil servant  retirement pension if they pay a military service deposit.   In the case of our constituent, the employing agency made a mistake  in calculating his military service deposit, but the Federal Government  did not notice the mistake for more than 10 years. Years later, the  Office of Personnel Management, OPM, told the constituent that he must  pay the miscalculated amount plus the mistakenly accrued interest on  the military service deposit that the employing government agency had  miscalculated.   When he tried to fight the situation, the employing agency said that  they had no ability to either waive the payment or pay it on behalf of  the veteran employee.   We have found multiple occurrences just like this one for veterans  working in our Federal Government. More often than not when these  situations happen, the costs balloon to tens of thousands of dollars,  leaving our veterans on the hook to pay. This legislation seeks to  improve this situation by clarifying that the Federal agencies, in the  case  [[Page H9078]]  of a miscalculation, are able to pay the interest that accrues on the  military service deposit on behalf of the veteran, which, over time,  ends up being the bulk of cost.   Our veterans risked their lives to protect our country, and they  deserve the best when they return home.   It is unfortunate to me that our Federal Government cannot follow  through with this commitment for even its own veteran employees. It is  even more worrisome that these Federal agencies are putting off their  responsibility, instead making their own employees--veteran employees-- take the huge financial hit.   With this legislation, we can support our veterans working in the  Federal Government.   