 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairman of the full  committee and the ranking member for their hard work in developing this  product.   Mr. Chairman, our nuclear triad and the strategic deterrence it  provides helps protect our Nation from the existential threat of  nuclear war.   However, the age of its elements must give us pause. Our B-52s, of  which we have over 70 in current use, are over 50 years old. Our Ohio- class submarines' lifespan has been extended from 30 years to 42 years,  and the first Minuteman III ICBMs were deployed 40 years ago.   With the number of nuclear-related threats increasing around the  globe, a credible, safe, secure, and reliable nuclear deterrent is  vital to our national security. But just because the modernization is  necessary does not mean that we should fail to track how much this  modernization process will cost.   Over the next 30 years, we will be replacing our bombers, ICBMs, and  ballistic missile submarines while also sustaining and modernizing our  nuclear bombs and warheads. Additionally, the 2018 Nuclear Posture  Review called for the development of low-yield nuclear weapons, a  nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile, and continuation of the Long  Range Standoff cruise missile.   Our old requirements, in combination with these new initiatives, make  cost estimates even more important if we hope to balance our  conventional and nuclear force investments.   My amendment would require the DOD to include a 20-year estimate of  the projected lifecycle costs of each type of nuclear weapon and  delivery platform in an annual report they already produce.   A CBO report released in October 2017 estimated that over a 30-year  span the sustainment and modernization of our nuclear forces will cost  $1.2 trillion, which, of course, didn't take into account delays,  changes to the weapons systems, or understated estimates.  [[Page H4560]]    If Congress hopes to provide proper oversight of these modernization  efforts, we must have up-to-date estimates that accurately reflect any  updates and changes that impact our nuclear bombs, warheads, and  delivery systems.   I reserve the balance of my time, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague for his comments. We  have had this discussion a number of times. I served on his committee  and have a lot of respect for him. But he called this a bad idea. He  said that it is a bargain if we just continue the status quo.   Mr. Chairman, the Department of Energy asked this exact question. The  Department of Energy produces a fiscal year stockpile stewardship and  management plan. It is a 25-year plan with long-term costs. It is  required in Federal code. We are doing this analysis in other areas.  Why isn't the Department of Defense doing this?   The majority seeks to say: Why even ask the question? We have to ask  ourselves, what is oversight if we don't ask hard questions?   Now, I think that there is a reason why folks like the National  Taxpayers Union, who have supported this amendment and have said that  they are going to score this amendment, have signed on to support it.  It is because we need to ask these tough questions.   If we are going to genuinely offer oversight, we need to ask how much  these programs cost, we need to plan, and we need to budget. It seems  like a reasonable step to take. I appreciate my colleagues' concerns,  and I would ask an ``aye'' vote of my colleagues.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   