 Madam President, 1 year ago today, the President of  the United States did the unthinkable. He did at least what many people  thought was unthinkable. He fired the Director of the Federal Bureau of  Investigation, James Comey. Shortly thereafter, he acknowledged the  reason. He told NBC's Lester Holt that he fired James Comey because he  was thinking about ``this Russia thing'' and how unjustified he thought  the investigation was. He later told officials of Vladimir Putin's  government in a private meeting in the Oval Office that this firing  relieved him of the pressure that he was feeling as a result of the  Russia investigation.   The 1-year anniversary of Jim Comey's firing might well be permitted  to pass without notice, but little did we know at the time that it  would be part of a relentless and repeated denunciation of professional  law enforcement at the Federal Bureau of Investigation, at the  Department of Justice, even at the CIA, and law enforcement agencies  all around the country. This concerted and coordinated attack on the  FBI and Department of Justice is no accident. It is part of a strategy  to undermine the credibility not only of the special counsel's  investigation of collusion by the Trump campaign with Russia in its  meddling in the 2016 election and the potential of obstruction of  justice and coverup by the President and his administration, but it is  also deeply alarming as an attack on professional law enforcement.   The President's attacks have become so numerous and so brazen that  they have almost become the new normal. Likewise, the attacks by his  sycophants and surrogates in Congress undermine the credibility and  trust of the FBI and the Department of Justice. That is why I am here  today--because words have consequences.   These attacks have ramifications for the FBI when it investigates a  crime. The willingness of potential witnesses to talk to them may be  undermined. Their ability to prevent crime may be undercut because of  informants' lack of trust in them. And the credibility of FBI agents at  a trial in a conflict of credibility with a defendant who is lying can  be sabotaged by the President through these denunciations--far beyond  the special prosecutor's investigation.   This attack on law enforcement has consequences for the safety and  security of our Nation, indeed, our national security, because the FBI  needs those informants, needs credibility as witnesses, needs the trust  of the American people to do its job in keeping America safe from  sabotage or subterfuge internally, as well as organized crime, drug  dealing--the panoply of threats that exist to our safety.   It is no accident that terrorist attacks have reduced in severity  since 9/11. It is no accident that crime is at lower levels than in  recent years. It is no accident that Americans feel safer as they walk  the streets and communities of America, rural and urban. It is because  we have devoted resources to local law enforcement, as well as the  Federal agencies that are vital to support local law enforcement with  the information and data they need to do their job and with the  enforcement they provide in solving crimes and making sure the bad guys  are convicted and go away.   The best laws in the world are dead letter if they are unenforced.  The new laws that we pass here will mean nothing without strong and  effective law enforcement.   We should all be deeply alarmed and concerned about this new normal  of a President of the United States--who is responsible for making sure  the laws  [[Page S2566]]  are faithfully executed--actually attacking the agency that is  responsible for the enforcement necessary for execution of those laws.   Here are a few examples. On April 6, 2018, a notice appeared on the  front page of backpage.com confirming that the Department of Justice  seized the website and took it offline--a crucial and important step in  the fight against sex trafficking. On that same day, the FBI raided the  Sedona home of Michael Lacey, a founder of backpage.com and one of the  7 individuals charged in a 93-count indictment for Federal crimes  relating to facilitating prostitution and laundering money.   For years, backpage.com and its owners have knowingly concealed  evidence of criminality by systematically editing its adult ads to  facilitate prostitution and sex trafficking, including modern-day  slavery of children. Backpage's misconduct led to the prostitution of a  14-year-old Connecticut girl, who was advertised on the website for  clients in Connecticut, New York, and Atlantic City. Without the  intervention of the Department of Justice and the FBI, many more  children could have been exploited and victimized by backpage.   We know about the extraordinary magnitude of backpage's activities  and about the deep harm it causes as a result of an investigation  performed by Senate committees. The Senate has taken steps to stop that  kind of promotion on the internet as a result of legislation that  Senator Rob Portman of Ohio and I led here, legislation called SESTA.  It was bipartisan legislation that passed overwhelmingly. The  legislation will assist victims and survivors in having their day in  court and allow law enforcement to do even better in the fight against  sex trafficking.   That story is just one example of the laudable work that the  Department of Justice and the FBI do every day to keep America safe.  The attack against them has extraordinary irony and harm because it  seeks to sow doubt about democratic institutions that are vital to our  way of life.   President Trump has literally taken a page from his authoritarian  heroes who systematically seek to say that the law is not what our  enforcement agencies say, not what our democratic institutions say, but  what they say. He has persistently and purposefully attempted to  undermine all of the Department of Justice.   The fact is, these attacks have effect. When they come from the  President's mouth, they have consequences. Not surprisingly, these  repeated caustic and careless attacks have diminished public confidence  in these institutions. Since Donald Trump entered office, reports  suggest that a number of Americans who view the FBI capably has  diminished by 28 percent. Just 38 percent of Americans have confidence  in the FBI. That is distressing for a party that once espoused and  supported law enforcement. The long-term negative collateral  consequences of these assaults on our top law enforcement agencies are  likely to be extensive.   Consider the dedication, the courage, the tenacity, and the strength  that is required of those at the FBI to do their job day in and day  out, putting their lives on the line, literally risking their well- being not over a year or a couple of years but, many of them, for  careers, a lifetime. They are among the finest men and women in public  service.   The FBI is one of our premier law enforcement institutions. The  Department of Justice is and should be the marvel of the world for its  fairness and its unrelenting dedication to do justice. As one Attorney  General--Justice Jackson--said, its goal is not to seek convictions but  to do justice, and that is the mission that it performs.   A recent case by the Department of Justice's National Security and  Civil Rights Division shows how Donald Trump's attacks are weakening  support for the FBI's important work.   In March of this year, three anti-Muslim militia members who were on  trial for plotting to slaughter Somali refugees in Southwest Kansas  adopted a defense strategy that could have been taken directly from the  Trump playbook or from his Twitter feed. Defense attorneys in that case  argued that a biased FBI conspired against their clients because of  their political beliefs. The defendants said that their political  beliefs were responsible for their prosecutions, not their own actions.  In a turn of phrase that is very suggestive of the President's Twitter  feed, the defense attorney argued that the defendants' discussion of  killing Muslim ``cockroaches'' amounted to ``locker room talk,'' which  was inspired, no doubt, partly by the 2016 election.   Meanwhile, the government had to deal with jurors who expressed a  number of concerns about the honesty and corruption at the top levels  of the FBI, questioning the ability and integrity of the organization.   Ms. Ifrah Ahmed, a Somali resident of the apartment complex the  defendants were plotting to blow up, felt differently about the FBI  investigation. She and other residents said that the verdict allayed  their fears and affirmed their faith in the justice system.    It was because of the work of dedicated law enforcement professionals  that the defendants' plan to bomb innocent and peaceful Muslim  immigrants was thwarted in a victory for the rule of law and a victory  for civil rights and our national security. But instead of applauding  or lauding victories like this one, the President of the United States  continues to spread a false narrative. His sole purpose is advancing  his political agenda, protecting himself, and shielding himself from  accountability. His attacks are designed to undermine the credibility  of the FBI and designed to shield him from responsibility and apparent  culpability for possible criminal wrongdoing.   In reality, the FBI and the DOJ work every day to protect Americans  against threats, both foreign and domestic, while upholding the  Constitution.   The Department of Justice includes more than 40 separate  organizations, including the FBI, and more than 110,000 employees. I  know about the ones in Connecticut. As a former U.S. attorney, the  ethic and tradition of the U.S. attorney's office is about upholding  the rule of law and the dedication to doing justice.   The FBI has more than 30,000 employees spread over 56 field offices  around the United States. They are dedicated to protecting the United  States from terrorism, cyber attacks, public corruption, violent crime,  and abridgement of civil rights. According to its most recent annual  report, the FBI disrupted more than 700 terrorist incidents and over  170 violent criminal organizations in 2017 alone. The FBI targets  crimes not only in the streets but in boardrooms. In the same time  period, it disrupted more than 430 criminal enterprises engaged in  white-collar crimes.   Let's make no mistake--wrongdoing affects real people in their real  lives. There are very few victimless crimes, if any. Every crime has  some victim and some survivor. That is the reason they are prosecuted,  and that is why we hire those prosecutors and FBI agents to go after  lawbreakers. We should reward them for disrupting and deterring the  lawbreakers, not denounce them, as the President has done.   The FBI's hard work in building cases the right way leads to  victories in the courtroom. I have seen them and have prosecuted them  myself. The prosecutor, whether it is an assistant U.S. attorney or a  U.S. attorney, contributes mightily to those victories, but they would  be impossible without the nuts and bolts--the investigative work, the  shoe leather, and sometimes the very significant risks involved in  uncovering the truth and bringing it to court. Sometimes FBI agents  work for months undercover on a single case at grave jeopardy to  themselves. More than 90 percent of terrorism- and gang-related cases  result in a conviction--a judgment favorable to the United States.   These statistics that I have cited here represent only a fraction of  the work these agencies do to protect America every day, in real life,  for real people. Despite President Trump's efforts to water down  environmental protections, the FBI continues to pursue cases where  corporations violate clean water and clean air standards and threaten  public health.   At the end of April, the Department of Justice charged the ex-CEO of  Volkswagen with conspiracy in the company's rigging of diesel vehicles  to feign compliance and falsely portray compliance with the company's  and Federal standards.   Volkswagen deceived American regulators. Why should that matter to  ordinary Americans? Well, it is an unlevel  [[Page S2567]]  playing field with its competitors if it cuts corners. So it impacts  fair competition, but it also impacts our clean air and the safety and  health of Americans who breathe that air. Essentially, they not only  deceived regulators, but they defrauded American consumers for years,  promising them those standards, which they knew they were failing to  meet. Only because of the tireless efforts of Federal investigators and  prosecutors has the company's chief executive now been brought to  justice to face these charges. The Department of Justice's actions send  a message to businesses both here and abroad that efforts to cheat  American consumers or harm the environment will have consequences. They  ought to pay attention. They ought to be deterred.    The Department of Justice also develops key initiatives to respond to  urgent threats, particularly in the frontline against terrorism. The  FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Forces are comprised of small cells of  highly trained, locally based, passionately committed investigators,  analysts, linguists, SWAT experts, and other specialists from dozens of  U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies. They operate as part of  the FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force, because the FBI has that  responsibility for our national security, along with them as a team.  When it comes to investigating terrorism, they do it all. They chase  down leads, gather evidence, make arrests, provide security for special  events, conduct training, collect and share intelligence, and respond  to threats and incidents at a moment's notice. These task forces are  based in 104 cities nationwide, including at least one in each of the  FBI's field offices.   Without any exaggeration, these investigators and prosecutors protect  us. They protect American lives from terrorist threats, both at home  and abroad. Just last month FBI agents, working with the Newark Joint  Terrorism Task Force, thwarted a plot of five men to join ISIS and  carry out an attack in ISIS's name on U.S. soil using homemade bombs.  Because of their brave and tenacious efforts and their countless hours  of hard work--hour after hour, day after day--this plot, and many  others like it, were disrupted and American lives were saved.   America has always faced threats to our national security and public  safety, even as they are more complex today than ever before. We need  the kind of professionalism that the FBI and the Department of Justice  and other agencies bring to law enforcement every day. For all of us  who have been Federal prosecutors--whether a U.S. attorney, as I was,  or in another capacity--these attacks are repugnant. They belie a  fundamental misunderstanding of the ethos and tradition of justice and  the rule of law in our democracy.   Unfortunately, President Trump has failed not only to stand up for  those law enforcement agencies, but he has actually hindered, actively  and consistently, their vital work in protecting our Nation. He has  undermined their stature and credibility. He has attacked their  integrity, all without any basis in fact.   President Reagan once said that facts are stubborn things. The  American people should know the facts. If they do, they will appreciate  that the facts show that the Department of Justice and the FBI, even  with their faults, are a paragon of law enforcement. Their faults  should not be minimized or dismissed. They ought to be addressed, but  not by denouncing or demeaning their hard work.   The numbers and statistics I have given and the examples I have cited  are not meant defensively for them. They don't need my defense. Their  actions and their work speak louder than anyone's words. I hope they  will continue that service and sacrifice, undiscouraged and undeterred  by these rash and reckless attacks from the President and surrogates  who support him.   I personally thank them for their service and sacrifice, as all  Americans should, and I thank many of them for their friendship.   Thank you, Madam President.   I yield the floor.   