 Mr. President, I thank my friend, the chairman of our  committee, the Senator from North Carolina, for his work on this  important piece of legislation.   I obviously rise today in support of passage of S. 139, the FISA  Amendments Reauthorization Act of 2017. This bill would provide  significant reforms that enhance the civil liberties and privacy  protections of individuals, while preserving an authority critical to  our national security for an additional 6 years.   As vice chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, I  have long advocated for reforms to surveillance authorities that  balance the imperatives of national security and counterterrorism with  the privacy rights and civil liberties of Americans.   Section 702 stands among the most important of our intelligence  programs. To illustrate, I wish to highlight very briefly one recently  declassified success story involving a terrorist by the name of Hajji  Iman.   Hajji Iman was the second in command of ISIS based in Syria. NSA  spent more than 2 years looking for him. This search was ultimately  successful, primarily because of FISA section 702.   NSA used collection permitted and authorized under section 702 to  collect intelligence on the close associates and the network supporting  Mr. Iman, including their location in Syria. Between section 702 and  other intelligence that was developed, the IC was able to track down  the movements of Mr. Iman and ultimately resulted in taking him off the  battlefield.   This is but one of numerous examples in which information obtained  pursuant to section 702 has proven critical to addressing threats to  Americans both domestically and abroad.   For much of the past year and a half, I have worked closely with  Chairman Burr and a bipartisan group of Senators to pass legislation to  reauthorize section 702 for an extended period while incorporating  substantive reforms. In October our Senate Intelligence Committee  passed, in a bipartisan way, with a vote of 12 to 3, comprehensive  reauthorization legislation.   Since that time, we have worked with our counterparts in the House,  as well as representatives of the executive branch, to ensure that the  final bill that we will be voting on tonight and tomorrow garners  widespread bipartisan support and includes enhancements to civil  liberties and privacy protections.   The bill before us here today is the product of extensive bipartisan,  bicameral negotiations. Now, this bill is not perfect. Rarely have I  worked on or voted on a bill anywhere that is perfect, but I believe  this measure represents a significant compromise and preserves the  operational flexibility of section 702, while instituting key reforms  to further protect U.S. personal privacy.   Let me take a moment to identify a few key items in this legislation  that I believe bear mentioning.   First--and I have seen my friend from Oregon, who has argued long and  hard in committee for a provision like this, and he would like to see  it broader, but it does include a warrant requirement--for the first  time in section 702, the government would be required to obtain a court  order before FBI criminal investigators are permitted to view  communications collected pursuant to section 702 concerning a known  U.S. person. Such a court order, based on probable cause, would apply  in the context of criminal investigations opened by the FBI that do not  relate to national security.   This bill also mandates that a study be conducted by the inspector  general of the Department of Justice of the FBI's querying practices 1  year following the enactment of this legislation, making sure that such  practices  [[Page S179]]  have been approved by the FISA Court and implemented appropriately by  the executive branch. This is an important provision in ensuring  transparency.   It includes an assessment of the interpretations of the FBI and the  DOJ of querying procedures. It includes the handling by the FBI of  individuals whose citizen status is unknown at the time the query is  conducted, and it includes the scope of access by the FBI's Criminal  Division to section 702 information.   While this will not answer all of the questions asked by my good  friend from Oregon, it will finally put the FBI on record answering  questions that I deserve to know and that I believe he and other  Members deserve to know.   In addition, in terms of querying procedures, S. 139 includes a  section mandating a new series of procedures to be drafted and approved  by the court and implemented by executive branch agencies.   The legislation also requires new public reporting of statistics  about activities conducted under FISA.   As has been mentioned by the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, S.  139, for the first time, extends whistleblower protections to  contractors in the intelligence community. This addition is essential  to ensure that those in the IC have an avenue to report abuses.   Congress must not further delay consideration of a long-term  reauthorization. We have been debating this issue for the past 18  months. Indeed, Congress has known about this deadline since the prior  reauthorization occurred in 2012. Numerous committees have had  extensive hearings on this important issue, including in our committee,  both open and closed hearings.    I believe this bill will strengthen and protect Americans. I urge my  colleagues to vote in favor of this legislation. I thank the Presiding  Officer, and I again want to thank my friend, the chairman of this  committee, the Senator from North Carolina, and look forward to his  comments.   I yield the floor and yield back to the chairman.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from North Carolina.   