 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership.   Mr. Speaker, the men and women of ICE work every day to make our  country and our communities safer. They secure our borders. They  enforce our laws. They protect our safety. And I stand with them.   America's borders have been too open for too long. Drug cartels,  dangerous gangs, and human traffickers exploit our weak borders and  bring crime to our Montana communities. As America and Montana face an  epidemic of drug abuse and addiction, ICE agents seized nearly 1  million pounds of illegal drugs last year, including nearly 2,400  pounds of fentanyl and 7,000 pounds of heroin.    ICE agents arrested more than 127,000 criminal aliens last year.  These criminals were charged with weapons offenses, drug crimes, gang- related activity, sexual assault, kidnapping, and murder.   Now, some of my friends across the aisle have called for abolishing  ICE. Abolishing ICE is a reckless idea. Abolishing ICE would embolden  violent criminals, like members of the vicious MS-13 gang, intent on  doing us harm. Abolishing ICE would jeopardize the safety and security  of our Montana communities.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly oppose abolishing ICE. And, Mr. Speaker, I  proudly stand with ICE agents who are dedicated to making our Nation  and Montana safer and more secure.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. It would prohibit  funds from being used to advance guidance or make rules that rely on  Obama-era social cost of carbon guidance.   I have heard from folks in Montana who cannot get a permit to expand  a coal mine because they didn't account for the carbon released by the  trains that would carry the coal. I have heard of the difficulties of  building railroad bridges because they might allow more coal to be  transported.   We must stop relying on metrics that were designed by the keep-it-in- the-ground crowd. Similar language passed, on a bipartisan vote, here  in the House last September. I urge adoption of the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment.   This amendment would block funds used by the agencies to pay legal  fees under any lawsuit settlement that arises under the Clean Air Act,  the Clean Water Act, and the Endangered Species Act.   While the intent of these pieces of legislation was good, serial  litigants and special interest groups have turned these laws into tools  used to block access to our forests and our mineral resources.   In Montana, we have a litigation problem, as many of our forest  management projects are locked up by environmental extremists filing  frivolous lawsuits. Agencies spend more time behind a desk and more  resources defending their actions than they do working on our lands.   These lawyers continue to get richer as Montana's landscape goes up  in smoke and taxpayer funds are wasted.   This same amendment passed the House last September, and I urge my  colleagues to support this amendment again.   