 Mr. President, there has been a lot of activity in  the Senate today, and I wish to cover a couple of topics, starting with  the nomination of Thomas Farr to be a U.S. District Court judge for the  Eastern District of North Carolina. I understand we will not be voting  on that nomination today.   I hope our colleagues will take the time between now and whenever we  may cast a final vote on that nomination to take another look at the  record because a number of very informative things have come out in  recent days about Mr. Farr's record.   I want to take us back to a moment where this Senate Chamber was back  in 2006. Back in 2006, the U.S. Senate passed the Voting Rights  Reauthorization Act by a vote of 98 to 0. Ninety-eight Senators in  favor of the Voting Rights Act Reauthorization--none opposed. The House  passed the same bill by a vote of 390 to 33. President Bush signed that  bill into law.   Fast forward to 2013, we have a case in the Supreme Court, Shelby  County v. Holder. The Supreme Court, by a vote of 5 to 4, took a big  bite out of the enforcement provisions of the Voting Rights Act. They  eliminated the preclearance provisions. What we saw within a matter of  weeks and months were States around the country that had previously  been subject to the preclearance provisions beginning to enact laws  putting up barriers to people's ability to vote, especially minority  voters. Texas enacted legislation and North Carolina enacted  legislation, among others.   I want to focus for a moment on what happened in North Carolina  because in North Carolina the State legislature passed a bill that put  up all sorts of obstacles that made it much harder--for African  Americans especially--to cast their vote, to exercise their right to  vote. When that bill was appealed to the Fourth Circuit, the Fourth  Circuit found that North Carolina State legislation had targeted  African-American voters with almost ``surgical precision,'' and they  threw out that North Carolina law.   Well, just a few days ago, this Senate confirmed a nominee to be  legal counsel at the Department of Agriculture, Stephen Vaden, who was  one of the people who filed and coauthored an amicus brief in support  of the North Carolina law that was overturned. The Senate acted, and we  did that.   It turns out that just a few days later, we have a nomination not for  the general counsel for the Department of Agriculture but for somebody  to be on the U.S. courts who was the architect and the defender of  these North Carolina laws, Thomas Farr. That same law which the Court  said targeted African Americans with almost surgical precision, trying  to deny them their right to vote, was also found by the Court to be  ``the most restrictive voting law North Carolina has seen since the era  of Jim Crowe.''   Thomas Farr wasn't just a key player in that case in defending North  Carolina's discriminatory law, he was also a key player in passing  other North Carolina laws that have been thrown out because of their  discriminatory impact. He was in the middle of North Carolina's effort  to redraw State legislative lines for both State House districts and  State Senate districts that the U.S. Supreme Court threw out on the  grounds that it was racially discriminatory, but his history in trying  to put up barriers to minority voting rights goes back even further.   I have in my hand a memorandum, dated June 19, 1991, from within the  Justice Department. It was during the administration of George Herbert  Walker Bush. It is a memo recommending that the United States bring a  lawsuit against the North Carolina Republican Party and the Helms for  Senate Committee--that would be Jesse Helms, former Senator--for  conducting a postcard mailing program designed to intimidate and  threaten Black voters throughout the State of North Carolina in order  to discourage them from participating in the November 6, 1990, general  election.   I urge all of my colleagues to read this memorandum from the Justice  Department during the time George Bush was President. I especially  direct them to page 12. There is a footnote on page 12 that talks about  Thomas Farr's work in this area of trying to put up barriers to voting,  going way back to not just the 1990 election but back to the 1984  election of Senator Jesse Helms.   In fact, this Department of Justice memorandum states that Farr was  the primary coordinator of the 1984 ``ballot security'' program  conducted by the North Carolina GOP and the 1984 Helms for Senate  Committee. He--referring to Thomas Farr--coordinated several ``ballot  security'' activities in 1984, including a postcard mailing to voters  in predominantly Black precincts which was designed to serve as a basis  to challenge voters on Election Day.   I don't know what has happened to the Senate between 2006, when it  unanimously voted to extend the Voting Rights Act, and today, when we  have on the floor the nomination of Thomas Farr, who has a history of  being the point person in trying to limit the ability of Americans to  exercise their right to vote and, according to the Fourth Circuit of  the United States, did so with ``surgical precision'' in denying  African-American voters.   How can we in good conscience put someone on the Federal Court of the  United States who has that history? How can people who come before that  court have the confidence that the person--that judge--is really going  to uphold their rights?   I urge my colleagues to oppose this nomination.   