 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it occurs to me that if Americans had any  doubt that President Trump is fixated on  [[Page S7476]]  wasting billions of tax dollars to wall off our 2,000-mile southern  border, all they had to do was watch his jaw-dropping press conference  yesterday in which he demanded another $5 billion of America's hard- earned tax dollars for his political pet project, which, throughout his  whole campaign, he gave his solemn word that Mexico would pay for.   I have been here during the terms of eight different Presidents. I  have never heard the words I heard from our President yesterday. I  never thought that any President, Republican or Democrat, would use  them. When President Trump boasted that he would be proud to shut down  the government if Congress does not bow to his spending demands, I had  to play it back, watching it two or three times, making sure that is  exactly what he said. He was very proud of it. I must say it is one of  the most reckless statements I have ever heard uttered by a President  of the United States of either party.   The President's job, like yours and mine--all of us--is to keep the  Federal Government operating for the hundreds of millions of Americans  who depend on government services every day, from our national parks,  housing services for the elderly, the disabled, our veterans, and for  assistance to our Nation's farmers. Just yesterday, we passed a  bipartisan farm bill, and I praise Senator Roberts, a Republican, and  Senator Stabenow, a Democrat. They came together and passed a  bipartisan bill by an overwhelming margin.   A lot of work went into that to protect our farmers, but if the  President shuts down the government, there is not going to be anybody  in local USDA--U.S. Department of Agriculture--offices to answer  questions from farmers about what that new law means for them, just as  farmers are making their plans for next year's planting season. They  cannot just turn it on and turn it off. They have to plan months in  advance.   When I first came to the Senate 44 years ago, the idea of threatening  to shut down the Federal Government as a negotiating tactic was unheard  of. Now it seems we go through this every year, and neither party is  blameless. But before President Trump, no one bragged about it. No one  seemed to relish it. No one was foolish enough to call it good for the  country, no matter what party they were from. No one treated shutting  down the government as if it is some kind of reality show, some kind of  game, without the slightest concern for the consequences for the  American people and hundreds of thousands of Federal workers and their  families over the holidays or for the huge amount of the taxpayers'  money that would be wasted as a result.   President Trump's performance yesterday amounted to throwing a temper  tantrum on national television. He is either oblivious to what he is  doing, does not know what he is doing, or he simply does not care about  the real world consequences of a shutdown. Hundreds of thousands of  Federal employees would be furloughed or working without pay 3 days  before Christmas, and millions of Americans would be cut off from  critical government services. Instead, the President eagerly offered to  ``take the mantle'' for shutting down the government over his pet  project--a wall, which we do not need.   What could be the driving fixation for building medieval wall along  the southern border? Maybe he has actually begun to believe his own  fearmongering and lies about migrants, asylees, and refugees. After  years of demonizing and vilifying migrants to rally his most ardent  supporters, perhaps his own demagoguery has finally gotten to him.  Maybe he is actually believing the things he has been saying. Only  that--a self-made, alternate reality in which vulnerable women and  children have miraculously transformed into hordes of gang members and  terrorists--could explain such an irrational obsession for a wasteful  wall that does absolutely nothing to stop actual threats to our  Nation's security. Only in an altered reality would one act as though  teargassing little children in diapers makes sense.   The President may not be able to tell fact from fiction, but he may  be purposely blurring the lines between them. But as vice chairman of  the Senate Appropriations Committee, it is my duty to ensure that  taxpayer dollars go toward solving problems we know to exist in fact.  So let's talk about the facts. It is time for a reality check.   President Trump, justifying a litany of anti-immigrant policies, has  repeatedly claimed that there is a crisis at our southern border with a  ``drastic surge'' of undocumented migrants attempting to flood into our  country. That is false.   The truth is that illegal border crossings are at historic lows. At  the end of 2017, arrests of people attempting to enter the United  States illegally dropped to the lowest level since 1971. Between 2000  and 2018, border apprehensions fell sharply, from roughly 1.6 million  in fiscal year 2000 to approximately 400,000 in fiscal year 2018--a 75- percent drop. Now, we all agree that illegal immigration is a serious  problem, and we should address it, but saying that we are experiencing  a crisis-level surge of illegal crossings at the border is pure  fiction. For the life of me, I cannot understand why the President  would use pure fiction as a scare tactic.   There is not a true crisis to point to, so the President is  manufacturing one. Ever the reality TV showman, he opted to focus  America's attention on images and videos of a caravan of migrants  marching toward our southern border. In the runup to the recent  elections, pointing at vulnerable migrants while they were thousands of  miles from our border, President Trump immediately began warning of an  imminent ``onslaught,'' ``invaders,'' an ``assault on our country,''  and a ``national emergency.'' Inconveniently for the President, these  people were 1,000 miles from our border. Thousands of them are  defenseless women and children. Most Americans just do not think of the  word ``invaders'' when they see barefoot toddlers being pushed in  strollers by their mothers. The sad reality is that many of these  people are fleeing desperate situations in their home countries and are  looking for sanctuary. They are not coming here to perpetuate violence;  they are running away from violence.    They do not want violence. They are not coming here to bring  violence; they are trying to escape violence--violence against their  children, violence against their families.   When the pictures on TV actually began to be shown and were defying  the President's narrative, he changed course. He began making the case  that hidden among these families are stone-cold criminals and unknown  Middle Easterners, as if anyone from the Middle East is inherently a  danger to us. What is his proof? He has none.   In fact, to quote the President's own words about the composition of  the migrant caravan: ``There is no proof of anything.''   Just yesterday, President Trump even claimed we needed the wall  because we recently captured 10 terrorists over a ``very short period  of time.'' This statement had fact checkers, actually people within his  own administration, scratching their heads because nobody knew what he  was talking about.   A Homeland Security official claimed that President Trump was  referring to a government statistic indicating that 10 people suspected  of terrorist ties are prevented from entering the United States every  day ``by air, sea, or land.'' What a multibillion dollar wall along our  southern border would do to prevent a suspected terrorist from flying  into JFK Airport I cannot figure out, but President Trump does not seem  to know or care about the difference.   The conservative Center for Immigration Studies issued a report last  month, concluding that only 15 suspected terrorists have been  apprehended at the U.S.-Mexico border since 2001, and a suspected  terrorist includes anyone coming from a handful of specific countries,  like Syria. It does not mean they are, in fact, terrorists or have any  connection whatsoever to terrorists.   So President Trump's unsubstantiated vitriol against immigrants is  matched only by his flamboyance about the wall. Despite his claims  yesterday that wall construction is under budget, the largest component  of fencing that Congress has funded, a 25-mile barrier in the Rio  Grande Valley, has ballooned in cost from $445 million to $787 million.  That pricetag for fencing is $31.5 million per mile. We American  taxpayers are paying for that. Despite the President's claims that  additional wall funding is an urgent need, the  [[Page S7477]]  Trump administration has spent only 6 percent of the $1.7 billion  Congress has appropriated over the last 2 years to build or replace  fencing on the southern border.   Facts matter, Mr. President. The $5 billion he is clamoring for would  be better spent on real homeland security, such as Coast Guard boats  that can save lives, grants to nonprofit churches and synagogues to  secure themselves against shootings like those in Pittsburgh and  Sutherland Springs, more Customs personnel and technology to seize the  fentanyl that is fueling our Nation's opioid epidemic and actually  killing our citizens. Let's remember, fentanyl is mostly coming through  our legal points of entry and our mail facilities, not between the  ports where the President wants to build his wall.   Perhaps in President Trump's alternate reality--where illegal  crossings are at historic highs, migrant caravans of hardened criminals  are invading our country, and terrorists are slipping past our Border  Patrol agents every day--the need for a giant, concrete wall seems like  an urgent necessity. But if, like everybody here, you live in the real  world, where the facts and statistics mean something, his obsession  with building a wall is exposed for what it is--a desperate attempt to  please his base and protect his ego and to make us forget that he gave  his word. He gave his word. He gave his word that Mexico was going to  pay for it. Now we know that was a flatout untruth.   As stewards of American taxpayers' hard-earned money, we have a  responsibility not to throw away billions of dollars in a project that  is built on a foundation of fact-free fearmongering. To be clear, this  is not the way we appropriate money. This is certainly not the way we  fund and run the U.S. Government. If the President wants to shut down  the government because he cannot muster the votes to fund his wall, as  he says he does, the American people will see that he cares more about  his misguided campaign promises and misstatements than he does about  doing his job--the job of making the government work for the American  people.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   