 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today I want to talk about the tragedy of  human trafficking. I want to talk about it today because this is an  issue that I hope the entire U.S. Senate will take up within the next  week.   We have legislation on which we have worked on a bipartisan basis  over the last couple of years, and we have an opportunity late this  week or early next week to address this growing problem. I have spent a  lot of time focused on this issue over the last couple of years because  of the growth of trafficking and my sense that we can do something  constructive about it. Others have been involved as well.   Today, I will be at the White House for a meeting that Ivanka Trump  is hosting with congressional colleagues, anti-trafficking advocates,  and others who have demonstrated a commitment to addressing this issue.  We will talk about the need to pass this legislation, get it to the  President's desk for signature, and begin to help women and children  across our country who are currently being exploited online.   We will probably talk about lots of different kinds of trafficking  this afternoon, including work trafficking and other human trafficking,  but the one I want to focus on this afternoon is sex trafficking, and  the reason is that we think we have a legislative solution for  addressing the biggest problem.   Unbelievably, right now in this country, sex trafficking is actually  increasing. That is based on all the best data we are getting from all  the experts around the country. They say that it is increasing  primarily for one simple reason, and that is the internet. The great  increase is happening online.   As some have said, this is because of the ruthless efficiency of  selling people online. When I am back home in Ohio, victims tell me:  Rob, this has moved from the street corner to the smartphone. There is  a ruthless efficiency about it.   Anti-trafficking organizations, such as the National Center for  Missing and Exploited Children, Shared Hope International, and others,  have told us that the majority of the online sex trafficking they  encounter occurs through one single website, and that is backpage.com.   The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children says that  backpage is involved in about 75 percent of the online trafficking  reports it receives from the public. Shared Hope International says it  is more than that.   I chair the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations. Learning about  what is going on online, we decided to do an in-depth investigation to  find out what is really happening and how we could address it. We spent  18 months studying this, and studying online trafficking quickly led us  to backpage.com because, again, that is where the majority of this  commercial sex trafficking is occurring.   What we found was really shocking. Not only was backpage--as other  websites have in the past--selling women and children online, but this  organization and others are actually complicit in these crimes; in  other words, they knew much more than we had previously thought. We  found that backpage was actually knowingly selling people online.   We did this through a subpoena process that had to be approved here  in the U.S. Senate because the company objected to responding to our  subpoenas. For the first time in 21 years, we had to come to the U.S.  Senate to get approval to actually enforce the subpoena. We then had to  take it all the way to the Supreme Court because they appealed it all  the way up, and we won.   Through this, we were able to get about 1 million documents. We went  through these documents to find out what was happening. What we learned  was that this website actually was actively and knowingly involved in  selling people online. When a user would post an ad that might have a  word indicating that the girl they were selling was underage--for  instance, it might say ``cheerleader'' or it might simply reference the  age of the girl being 16, 17 years old or younger sometimes--instead of  rejecting that ad, knowing that it was of course illegal, they would  instead clean up the ad; in other words, they would edit out the words  that indicated someone was underage. They didn't just remove the post  because they didn't want to lose the revenue--and you can imagine this  is a very lucrative business. They just insisted that the ad be edited.   By the way, this also covered up the evidence of the crime, so it was  then harder for law enforcement to find out who was involved in the  selling of girls online--and underage girls. Of course, it also  increased the company's profits. That is what we found in our  investigation.   We also found that for years and years people who had been trying to  hold these websites accountable in court had failed, and they had  failed and been unsuccessful because of a Federal law that, in essence,  said to these websites: You have an immunity to be able to do this. You  couldn't do it on the street corner, but online you have an immunity to  be able to do it.   I recommend a powerful documentary. It is called ``I am Jane Doe.''  You  [[Page S1661]]  can find it on iamjanedoe.com. It is on Netflix. It tells the story of  underage girls who have been exploited on backpage. It talks about the  trauma they have experienced, and, finally, it also talks about their  frustration with their inability to hold these websites accountable.   What might surprise you is the reason these websites are not held  accountable--the more we dug into it, the more it became clear--is that  Washington basically passed a Federal law, which I believe has been  misinterpreted by the courts, but it has been interpreted by the courts  to say that these websites have no risk, that they are not liable, and  that they have an immunity under Federal law. It is called the  Communications Decency Act.   The Communications Decency Act was enacted back in 1996, when the  internet was in its infancy. It was intended to protect websites from  liability based on third-party posts on that website. I understand the  intention of Congress, but it now protects websites when they knowingly  allow this criminal activity--the crime of sex trafficking--to occur  through their site.   I believe Congress meant well when enacting this law. In fact, part  of its original intent was actually to protect children from indecent  material on the internet by holding individuals liable for sending  explicit material to those children.   Now that same law is being used as a shield by websites that promote  and engage in online sex trafficking with immunity. I don't believe  Congress ever intended this broad liability protection for websites  that actively and knowingly facilitate online sex trafficking, but the  legal interpretation of the law has led to this. That is why America's  district attorneys, 50 State attorneys general, judges all over the  country, and so many others have called on Congress to amend this  Communications Decency law and fix this injustice--really, this  loophole.   Last year, a Sacramento judge threw out pimping charges against  backpage and directly called on Congress to act. Here is what this  judge said--again, this sort of message has been repeated by other  courts: ``If and until Congress sees fit to amend the immunity law, the  broad reach of section 230 of the Communications Decency Act even  applies to those alleged to support the exploitation of others by human  trafficking.'' That is not just a suggestion; it is an invitation--an  invitation to this Congress to act, calling on us to do what we were  sent here to do, which is to craft laws that promote justice.    For too long, victims of online sex trafficking have been denied the  justice they deserve, and now we have the opportunity here in the  Senate--I hope within the next week--to fix that.   Last August, I introduced legislation called the Stop Enabling Sex  Traffickers Act, or SESTA, with a bipartisan group of 24 cosponsors,  including my coauthor, Senator Richard Blumenthal, and Senators John  McCain, Claire McCaskill, John Cornyn, Heidi Heitkamp, and others.   SESTA would provide justice for victims of online sex trafficking and  hold accountable those websites that intentionally facilitate these  crimes. We do this by making two very narrowly crafted changes to  Federal law. First, we remove the Communications Decency Act's broad  liability protections for a narrow set of bad-actor websites that  knowingly facilitate sex trafficking crimes--high standard: knowingly.  Second, the legislation allows State attorneys general to prosecute  websites that violate existing Federal trafficking laws. SESTA simply  says that if you are violating Federal sex trafficking laws and you are  knowingly facilitating it, then you have to be held to account. That  seems to make all the sense in the world, and it will make a big  difference for these girls and women who are being exploited online.   Our bill protects websites that are doing the right thing, by the  way. In fact, it preserves what is called the Good Samaritan provision  of the Communications Decency Act, which protects good actors who  proactively block and screen their sites for offensive material, and  thus it shields them from frivolous lawsuits. I think that is  appropriate. We simply carve out a very limited exception in the  Communications Decency Act's liability protections for those who  knowingly facilitate sex trafficking.   By the way, there are already exceptions for things in this law-- exceptions for things like copyright infringement. This isn't a new  idea. So unless you think protecting copyrights is more important than  protecting women and children from the trauma of trafficking, you  should be for this. Even those who support section 230 otherwise should  strongly support this.   If a prosecutor can prove in court that a website has committed these  acts, SESTA allows that website to be held liable and the victims to  get the justice they deserve.   By the way, 68 Senators now--more than two-thirds of this body--have  signed on as cosponsors of this legislation, a majority of Republicans  and a majority of Democrats. That doesn't happen very often around  here. The House of Representatives passed SESTA as an amendment to a  broader anti-sex trafficking bill just a couple of weeks ago by an  overwhelming margin--more than 300 folks. The Trump administration has  endorsed this solution and again shown a commitment to the issue. So  SESTA has overwhelming support from the White House, from more than 300  House Members, and from the 68 Senators who signed on to be a part of  this solution.   I think one reason it has gotten so much support is because of the  logic of the legislation, the fact that we narrowly drew up the  legislation not to affect internet freedom, to be sure we were  listening to people who had concerns, but also, and more importantly,  because we are all hearing about this issue back home. We are all  hearing the stories, and they are powerful, they are compelling, and  they are heartbreaking.   Kubiiki Pride came to Congress, to our subcommittee, as we were  looking into this issue and told us her story. In testimony, she said:  My daughter ran away from home. She had gone missing. She had been  missing for several weeks. Obviously, I was very concerned. I couldn't  find her. Someone suggested that I look at this website called  backpage, so I did. I found my daughter.   She found her daughter--14 years old--but found her daughter in very  sexually difficult photographs, horrible photographs of her beautiful  daughter. So she called backpage.com and said: I am Kubiiki Pride, and  that is my daughter on your website. She is 14 years old. I am so glad  I found her. Thank you for taking down that ad. She is 14 years old.   Do you know what the person on the other end of the phone said? They  said: Did you post the ad?   This is how evil these people are.   She said: No, I didn't post the ad. That is my daughter. I have been  trying to find her. She has been missing for several weeks.   They said: If you didn't post the ad, if you didn't pay for it, you  can't take it down and we won't take it down.   That is what we are dealing with here.   Eventually, she found her daughter, got her daughter back. She went  through the proper process to be able to hold backpage accountable, and  guess what. The court said: Sorry. Under section 230 of the  Communications Decency Act--Congress wrote this bill--this website has  immunity, even though she is 14 years old and she was being sold  online.   So I think that is why 68 Senators have said: Let's step up and do  this. This is something we can do around here that is not partisan,  that isn't about politics. It is about people. It is about human  dignity. It is about ensuring that more girls like Kubiiki Pride's  daughter don't have to go through this trauma, that more women and  children can live out their life's purpose without having to go through  this trauma. I think that is why we have been able to find so many  Members who want to step up and do something here and do something that  will really make a difference.   So let's vote on this legislation in the next week. Let's get it  signed into law so that more children and more women are not exploited  through this brutally efficient online process of selling people. If we  do this, we are going to be able to provide justice to those victims  who deserve it, and we are going to make this world a little better  place. I urge the Senate to vote this next week.  [[Page S1662]]    For those Members who are not yet a part of this legislation, we urge  you to join us. Wouldn't it be great to have everybody on board to  correct this injustice, to close this loophole, and to ensure that  everybody has the ability to meet their God-given purpose in life?   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   