 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairman and Ranking Member Schiff  for all their support and advocacy to make this amendment possible  today.   Mr. Chairman, just a few weeks ago, DNI Director Dan Coats warned our  Nation and the world that ``we continue to see Russian targeting of  American society in ways that could affect our midterm elections.''   It is indisputable that Russia succeeded in meddling in our election  in 2016. It is indisputable that their success, with little  consequence, will inspire similar attacks in the future. And it is  indisputable that our response to these threats has been inadequate.   States, cities, and towns have scrambled to secure their own  elections without enough guidance and support from our national  intelligence community.   Voters continue to face a torrent of misinformation online.   Candidates for Congress, city council, and school boards race towards  November 6 uncertain that they will become Putin's next target.   The multiple Federal agencies that are responsible for our Nation's  response rarely coordinate or receive little guidance from our Nation's  government at the highest levels.   Mr. Chairman, this amendment helps to begin to consolidate and  concentrate our response to foreign efforts to influence our political  processes and elections with one center drawing expertise across all  relevant sectors of our government.   If anything, our adversaries have grown more confident in their  ability to sway our elections and sow discord and dysfunction at every  level of our society.   Our urgency lies now in one simple truth: Our democracy stands tall  when our elections stand secure.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment because those who put  ballot boxes in our crosshairs do not ascribe to one political party or  the other.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   