 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Hensarling for the  time. To say that the current regulatory climate presents challenges  for small financial institutions would be a drastic understatement.  Today, regulators require more and more from community banks in terms  of both regulatory oversight and capital requirements.   The gentlewoman from Utah has crafted legislation that seeks to  alleviate some of these pressures facing our community banks. Small  bank and thrift holding companies confront unique challenges with  regard to capital formation, which is a particular concern at times  when regulators demand more and more capital.   Understanding these challenges, the Fed has recognized that small  banks have limited access to equity financing. The Federal Reserve  small bank holding policy statement gives relief from certain capital  guidelines and requirements, making it easier for a community bank to  raise capital and issue debt, and to make acquisitions and form new  bank and thrift holding companies.   I would like to digress for just a little second here. I haven't  heard anybody talk about it, and I think it is very important, Mr.  Speaker, that we talk about the timeframe prior to 2008, whenever we  were averaging about 150 to 175 new banks and credit unions every year.  But between the timeframe of 2010 and 2006, we averaged one.   That is significant because small businesses get their loans from  small banks. And without this access to capital for small businesses,  we will dry up our small businesses in this country that are the job  creators.   So by increasing the threshold, the Fed's policy statement from $1  billion to $3 billion, we have the opportunity to help more banks  operating in our community, and hopefully be formed in our communities,  and help our lending to our constituents.   Similar legislation has been contemplated in the House on a number of  occasions. The language in this latest iteration is identical to the  bipartisan language proposed in the Senate Banking Committee bill and  is similar to legislation that passed the House in the 114th Congress  and included in my CLEARR Act.   H.R. 4771 will go a long way in ensuring that our Nation's smallest  institutions are able to grow stronger and continue to serve their  constituents.   I want to thank Mrs. Love for her leadership on this legislation and  Chairman Hensarling for his commitment to issues facing community banks  and credit unions.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this  commonsense bill.   