 Mr. Speaker, I have the greatest respect for my  Republican chairman from Oregon, but he just forgets completely, as so  many speakers on the GOP side have, that they are in the majority, and  they have a significant majority. They can do whatever they want.   For him to suggest that somehow he can't bring up a CHIP bill that  also includes all these other health programs he mentioned, the  community health centers--I could also mention all the Medicare  extenders that are not included in this bill.   This bill basically either lets expire or continues to expire so many  things that are important for the health of the American people, not  only the community health centers, which expire in a few weeks; not  only the Medicare extenders, which includes the therapy caps for  seniors and Medicare; the home visiting program for seniors; the  special diabetes program; the teaching health centers; the National  Health Service Corps; all of these things; also, the safety net  hospitals. As of January 1, the DSH or safety net programs for all  these hospitals around the country that have to take care of so many  poor people, that funding has expired and they have actually had to cut  the funding.   So how do you stand up here and say to me and the American people  that somehow you care about these things, you want to deal with these  things? You are not dealing with these things.   What are you doing here again? Once again, you are bringing a bill to  the floor that has all kinds of repeal of taxes. I don't even want to  get into the deal. These are the taxes that help fund the Affordable  Care Act, the medical device tax; there are several of them.   All you do here is bring up tax cuts, or tax repeals, and now you are  trying to give the impression, because you have the 6-year  reauthorization for CHIP and have eliminated funding and help for all  of these healthcare programs, that somehow you care.   Well, when the kids that get the CHIP funding can't go to a community  health center or can't go to a hospital because they are suffering and  don't have the funding, where do they go?   We know that CHIP is a great program, but many of the kids who have  the insurance under CHIP have to go to community health centers. And  all I hear from my community health centers and other teaching  hospitals is they are ready to send out the pink slips. They may have  to close. They are not sure they can help these people.   So it is a complete joke to suggest that somehow you care. You have  the votes; you can do whatever you want. You are not doing it.   Sure, I also agree that DACA, the DREAMers, are going to suffer  because that is not being addressed either. But the main thing I want  to stress is, you are not addressing all these other healthcare  programs that are just as important as CHIP, just as important, and  make CHIP essentially not viable because they are not being addressed.   So please don't suggest to me that you care. The right vote here is  to vote against this CR.    Mr. Speaker, I am amazed when I hear my Republican  colleagues talk about how they brought CHIP to the floor and they  brought community health centers to the floor. What they forget to  mention is that every time they did that, they included pay-fors, in  other words, funding measures that would basically sabotage the  Affordable Care Act.   We have seen a concerted effort not only to try to repeal the  Affordable Care Act, which failed, but then to do everything possible  to make it more difficult for people to get their health insurance. We  know that in the tax plan--or tax scam--that they passed a few weeks  ago that they were so determined to spend all their time on that, what  did they do? They eliminated the mandate that people have health  insurance. The CBO estimates that there will be 13 million Americans,  over the next few years, who will lose that health insurance.   When they talked about CHIP in those previous times, what did they  do? They put in provisions that cut the Prevention Fund that funds all  the programs for children.   They put in a provision that said that, if you didn't pay your health  insurance within 30 days, you would lose it. CBO estimated that  something like half a million Americans would lose their insurance  because of that provision.   They put in provisions that said that people who got their Medicare  had to pay more for it--pay even 100 percent--depending upon their  income.   They have done everything possible to sabotage the healthcare system.  For them to get up and say, ``Oh, we care about kids; we care about  community health centers,'' nothing is further from the truth because  everything has been done to sabotage the healthcare system.   