 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I received very good news for Florida this  morning. The Army Corps of Engineers has signed off on a long-awaited  report that will allow Congress to authorize a new reservoir project  south of Lake Okeechobee in the upcoming Water Resources Development  Act--what we refer to as the water bill. Many of us in Florida have  been pushing the Army Corps and the Trump administration to approve  this project for months and months.   Last week I was in the area of Lake Okeechobee visiting with folks  affected by the algae blooms on the west coast over in Fort Myers on  the Caloosahatchee River and on the east coast in Stuart on the St.  Lucie River. They are facing a problem that seems to repeat itself  almost every year.   The heat of summer and the excess nutrients in the water--put those  together, and you get the algae blooms that suck the oxygen out of the  river, making it a dead river because there is not enough oxygen in the  water for the fish. There was a similarly bad algae bloom back in 2016,  in 2013, and many times in years past.   The pollution in Lake Okeechobee created a toxic brew of a blue-green  algae that blooms and that at one point this summer covered 90 percent  of Lake Okeechobee. Because the lake has risen to a 14\1/2\-foot level,  the Army Corps will most likely have to resume releasing water to the  east in the St. Lucie and to the west in the Caloosahatchee because of  the pressure on the dike around Lake Okeechobee. Thus, here we go  again--more nutrient-laden water flowing into these waterways in the  heat of summer, and then the algae blooms just keep going and going.   There is one of many projects that can help, which is definitely a  step in the right direction. The reservoir project that the Army Corps  approved today is so critical because once it is constructed, it will  provide storage so that the Corps doesn't have to discharge as much  water to the east and to the west. When you combine that with the fact  that just last week, the Army Corps, through the White House budget  office, let us know they have approved the funds to strengthen the dike  and accelerate its construction--the combination of these kinds of  things is going to help, so that the Army Corps of Engineers doesn't  have to release that nutrient-rich water, which will cause the algae  blooms.   This reservoir to the south of the lake will include water treatment  features so that the water can be cleaned as well as stored before it  is sent farther south in the long journey that Mother Nature intended-- sending that water in a slow, gravity-drained, southward flow through  the river of grass otherwise known as the Florida Everglades. Many of  us were cheering the news today that this project will be ready for  inclusion in the water bill, which the Senate will be taking up perhaps  next week. It was interesting timing to get the Corps of Engineers'  report so that we could get this project in as a part of the overall  Everglades restoration project.    Nat recommended focusing on projects like bridging the  Tamiami Trail, which is U.S. 41--virtually a dike across the southern  peninsula of Florida. It is now being bridged, first with a mile-long  bridge, and now--under construction--with a 2\1/2\-mile bridge so the  water can flow under the road into the water-starved Everglades  National Park.   He recommended focusing on projects like restoring the Kissimmee  River to its natural meandering state. Half a century ago, when all the  emphasis was on flood control, getting the water off the land, they  took this meandering stream called the Kissimmee River that cleansed  the water as it oozed south in all of the marsh grasses, and what did  they do? They dug a straight ditch. Nat was one of the leaders in  advocating restoring the river to its natural meandering state so that  by the time the water gets to Lake Okeechobee, it will have been  cleaned up by natural processes.   Both of those projects--Tamiami Trail and the Kissimmee River--are  now well underway, and we are already seeing the benefits to the  environment and to the wildlife.   Nat also wrote about the importance of water storage and treatment  projects both north and south of the lake--a refrain this Senator often  repeats as well. That is why I not only respect and appreciate so much  what Nat contributed to our country and to our State but also loved him  as a friend. His untimely death today in an accident in Canada is a  huge loss. Nat and I had been so focused on advancing this new  reservoir project south of Lake Okeechobee. It saddens me so much to  announce this good news at the same time that I announce the death of  one of the Nation's true environmental champions. In the years to come,  as we go about actually constructing that reservoir, it would be a  fitting tribute to name that project in Nat Reed's honor. All we can do  is try to continue his life's work protecting Florida's unique  environment.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   