 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am honored and privileged to come to  the floor of the Senate today to talk about Michael Brown, appointed by  President Donald Trump to be a district judge on the U.S. District  Court for the Northern District of Georgia.   Mr. Brown is an outstanding citizen of our State. He is married to a  wonderful lady and has three wonderful children. He is a graduate of  Marist School, a graduate of Georgetown University, and a graduate of  the University of Georgia Law School, magna cum laude, in 1994.   He has a record of practicing law in the private sector that is  unparalleled, having worked for both King & Spalding and also Alston &  Bird.   King & Spalding produced many of the judges on the bench of the  United States of America with distinguished records, not the least of  which is the Attorney General under President Jimmy Carter, Griffin  Bell, an outstanding Attorney General from our State. They also  produced Sam Nunn, an outstanding Member of the Senate. They produced  many judges in our State. Many were also produced from the firm where  he practices now, which is Alston & Bird.   It is a privilege for me to talk about Michael for many reasons. Most  importantly, he comes with a background of experience in the private  sector. He has been recommended by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce as one  of the great lawyers in the United States of America in business  matters. One of the things our courts need is a tempered balance of  business and consumers. There is no question that someone who is not a  voice for business as a judge but has experience in business as a judge  will make a tremendous difference. I know he will in the Northern  District of Georgia.   I thank the President for nominating Michael and making this  appointment. To the Members of the Senate, I urge you to join me in  voting for Michael Brown for the Northern District of Georgia to be our  next judge there. He will be a great judge on the bench. It will be a  great decision for us, and it will continue the growth and improvement  of outstanding jurists confirmed by this Senate in this year 2018.   I yield back.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   