 Mr. Speaker, it is always an honor to stand in  the well of the House. I consider this an extraordinary privilege.   Mr. Speaker, there are seminal moments in time, moments in time that  can impact the rest of time; seminal moments, sometimes where wrong is  placed on the throne, where might is used to justify wrong; seminal  moments in time, but, Mr. Speaker, might cannot make wrong right.   Might cannot make wrong right; it can only prolong wrong.   Seminal moments in time, where might is used to justify wrong.   Might did not make slavery right. There were those who used false  religiosity to try to justify slavery. They had the might, they had the  power, they could impose their will, but might will not make wrong  right.   Might did not make segregation right, to force people to go to  separate areas, to use a level of power to impose an indecency upon a  people. Might can never make wrong right.   Mr. Speaker, might has not made invidious discrimination right. It  still exists today. No matter how much power we have, we will not make  it right simply because we have the power to try to justify it with the  might that we have.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, might will not make bigotry emanating from the  Presidency right. It will not.   There are many who want to just let it go, let it go, the bigotry,  put it behind us.   Bigotry emanating from the Presidency impacts this country. It gives  this country a stained image in the world.   The President represents this country. He represents every one of us.  We may differ with him, but he is the standard-bearer. The bigotry that  emanates from the Presidency is something that we all have to concern  ourselves with. We can't just say it is all over with, let's let that  go.   Yes, it has happened and it continues to happen, and might will not  make it right.   He has power, but his power is not going to cause his invidious and  harmful commentaries to become right.   I am here today to simply say this, Mr. Speaker, that while the  President has the power, impeachment is the remedy.   A President who has said that there were some good people among those  in Charlottesville; a President who would ban Muslims from the country;  a President who has said LGBTQ persons shouldn't be in the military; a  President who has called the sons of some professional athletes--called  their mother's dogs, SOBs; a President who has said that in----    Mr. Speaker, this type of language has been  accepted on the floor of this House. People address language to the  Presidency----    Mr. Speaker, the Presidency is about the  people. It is about the people's House. And the people have a right to  address this invidious discrimination emanating from the Presidency. I  am not going to stand for it. Others may stand for it.   You know that there is bigotry emanating from the Presidency, yet you  would not want me to stand here and address it. I will address it.   This President has exhibited a kind of bigotry that this country  ought not tolerate.   When he said that there were some s---hole countries as he was  addressing his immigration policy, he was putting his bigotry into  policy. And that is something we all should concern ourselves with, the  fact that the President's policies are based upon his bigotry.   Impeachment is the remedy.   