 Madam President, I also rise to make some comments about  C.D., or as we all know him, Dick Spangler. I met him about 11 years  ago--when I first got into the State legislature--in his office, which  is just outside of downtown in Charlotte.  [[Page S5408]]  From every encounter from that point forward, I never left without  learning something more. It could be on any number of topics.   I appreciate Senator Burr and all the comments about his legacy. He  was amazing. He transformed the university system, made it one of the  greatest in the Nation. He was a huge Tar Heels fan. I remember when we  had a memorial service for a former University president, and C.D.--or  Dick Spangler--spoke. Everybody had been saying this is a celebration,  this is a celebration.   He got up and said: Folks, this is a very important memorial service,  but a celebration is what you do just after the Tar Heels beat the tar  out of Duke.   He loved the Tar Heels, and he loved the university system. He loved  a modern North Carolina, an inclusive North Carolina, a North Carolina  as a leader, leading on the integration of schools. I think what I  remember most about Dick were those experiences I had in his office. It  was easy for me to get to. Oftentimes, I would go there on a Monday  before I would go to the airport to come here.   Every Monday for about 30 years, he had lunch for all of his  employees, and he would be there. He would serve them lunch, and they  would spend time together. I had the opportunity to do that on a few  occasions. There were a couple of special times, after, we met in the  conference room, and he would coach me on how I should present myself  or on issues that were important for education and any number of  things. He was truly a mentor.   He said: Would you like to see my shop?   This office out on Morehead Street is an unassuming office, just as  humble as the off-the-rack suits this man wore all of his life or the  old beat-up station wagon he would drive to the office. This was an  amazing experience. You go into this office in the back, and it is  nothing but a workshop. He loved fabricating metals, fixing the  clockworks on grandfather clocks. He loved creating tools to teach kids  how to learn. In fact, he gave me a homework assignment, which was  basically a pyramid of ping-pong balls, and I had to use geometry to  figure out the dimensions of the pyramid. He was always trying to get  people to learn and get people to engage.   He engaged politically all of his life. Senator Burr said that you  knew what was on his mind. If you were doing something in the  legislature that was at odds with what he thought was in the best  interest of the university system, I guarantee you, you were going to  spend quality time with Dick Spangler, and you were more than likely  going to embrace his opinion or his position because, in reality, he  always made the university system better.   There is one quote I want to read. I think this was during an  inaugural address. This is classic Dick Spangler: ``Some unpopular  ideas, of course, don't deserve to be popular, ever, but they deserve  to be aired.''   He believed universities were a place where all ideas should be  considered, not because they have merit but because someone has a  deeply held belief and should hear about them, and you should have  discourse. That is something we can continue to learn from to this day.   I join Senator Burr and offer my condolences to Meredith, Anna and  her husband Tom, and their other daughter, Abigail. He has left a great  impression. His earthly presence is no longer here, but his legacy and  impact in North Carolina will live for decades to come.   He has a daughter who has clearly been raised right because Anna  serves on the board of governors, has served on the board of governors  in the university system. She is actively involved in education  pursuits in North Carolina.   Dick Spangler is still living among us, and his works will continue  under his family's leadership and their belief in North Carolina.   Thank you for the opportunity to speak today.   To Meredith, to Anna, Abigail, and Tom, our thoughts and prayers are  with you. Thank you for blessing us and having some time to share with  Dick Spangler.   I yield the floor.   