 Mr. President, last week, the Senator from Delaware, Mr.  Coons, and I submitted a resolution commending the Department of  Justice for its investigation into the interference by the Russian  Federation in the 2016 U.S. Presidential election and maintaining that  the Russian Federation should be held accountable for its actions.   This simple resolution simply expresses support for our intelligence  community, showing them we are behind them, we agree with them, we have  trust in them, and we reject the words of a dictator, Vladimir Putin,  who denies that they interfered at all. The resolution denies the words  of a  [[Page S5259]]  dictator, Vladimir Putin, who maintains there was no Russian  interference in the election.   Russian interference in the election is not a debatable fact. This  occurred. We have evidence. Anybody who has seen simply what is public  recognizes that this happened. Any of us in this body who have sat  through classified briefings on this surely knows that it happened.  Forensic evidence digitally and otherwise is simply not debatable.   The reason for this resolution is that in Helsinki, it appeared our  President seemed to take the word of a dictator over the word of our  intelligence community. He later walked that back but then still  later--the next day--again talked about election interference as a  ``hoax.''   This resolution is nothing more than simply to say it happened, we  know it happened, and we stand with our intelligence community, which  has said over and over again consistently that there was election  interference.   Last week, I cited George Orwell's ``1984,'' where he said: ``The  party told you to reject the evidence of your eyes and ears.''   Today our President said, what you are seeing and what you are  reading is not what is happening.   We need to let the agencies of government know we in the Senate stand  behind them, that we understand there was election interference, and by  doing this--by knowing this--we can prepare ourselves better for  election interference that we know is coming because it is still in the  works.   As the Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats said, ``The red  light is blinking.'' This interference occurred, and it continues. So  by knowing the truth, then we can better prepare for what is to come.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Foreign Relations  Committee be discharged from further consideration and the Senate now  proceed to S. Res. 583. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be  agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Delaware for his  very  [[Page S5260]]  forceful articulation of the reason for this resolution.   Again, I repeat what was said by the President today: ``Just remember  what you're seeing and what you're reading is not what's happening.''   Continually, the topic of election interference is being muddied and  being further clarified and then further muddied. That is why it is  important for this body to stand up and say: We know what happened, and  we don't want it to happen again. That is what this resolution is all  about.   The Senator who objected noted that we have a lot to do in Congress  and we can't waste our time with resolutions like this. If this simply  passes, it is done. We have stated what we came here to state. But as  it stands now, since it has been objected to, we will bring it back. So  if we are really concerned about the agenda for the rest of the year,  let's simply agree to it and let the intelligence community know that  we stand with them. That is what we are doing here. Why object to it?   There is not one sentence in here, not one word that says anything  about whether the election interference by the Russians was  dispositive, if it had any impact on the election. That is not implied  in any way by this resolution. It simply states what is obvious, what  the Senator who objected acknowledged, which has been repeated again  and again by this body, by the House Intelligence Committee, and by  every intelligence agency that we have. Because there was such a  muddied statement in Helsinki, why not state once again here that we in  the Senate know what happened and that we stand with those in the  intelligence community who have brought this forward?   With that, I yield the floor.   