 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, again, this is a simple amendment which  would designate $300,000 within the operation of the National Park  System for the New England National Scenic Trail. This is an amendment  which was offered last year and was adopted by voice vote in an en bloc  amendment. Again, the language is absolutely identical.   By way of background, the New England Trail was designated as a  National Scenic Trail in 2009, making it one of the newest of the  Nation's 11 National Scenic Trails. The trail is 223 miles long and  winds through 41 communities in Connecticut and Massachusetts.  Amazingly, nearly 2 million people live within 10 miles of the trail,  making it one of the most accessible National Scenic Trails for one of  the most densely populated parts of the country.   It was passed in 2007. Congressman John Olver, Richie Neal, John  Larson, Rosa DeLauro, now-Senator Chris Murphy, and I introduced and  passed the law, the New England Scenic Trail Designation Act.   Unfortunately, the trail has been woefully underfunded for the last 5  years. The trail system has received an average of $127,000 in funding,  which is split three ways between the Connecticut Forest and Park  Association, the Appalachian Mountain Club, and the National Park  Service.   Of the approximately $43,000 each entity receives, the vast majority  goes to facility maintenance, volunteer coordination, community  engagement, outreach to youth, and the trail's landowner hosts.  Impressively, much of the work that is done is supported by volunteers  who put in more than 5,000 hours of maintenance activity annually.   I would just note that the managers of the trail have done their best  to leverage an impressive $1.53 million in non-Federal funding in 2015.  So they actually have been very efficient and creative in terms of  trying to leverage and maximize the support that is, again, far below  what the national park trail feasibility study recommended back in  2005, when they recommended an annual budget of $271,000.   Again, this is an amazing trail that goes through New England  landscapes such as long-distance vistas with rural towns as a backdrop,  farmlands, forests, and large river valleys. It also travels through  colonial historical landmarks and highlights a range of diverse  ecosystems and natural resources: mountain ridges and summits, forested  glades, and wetlands.   Again, I want to thank Chairman Calvert and Ranking Member McCollum  for their support last year.   I would urge passage of this identical amendment. It is supported by  my colleagues in the region.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, silence is golden, and I yield back the  balance of my time    Madam Chair, I rise as the designee of the gentleman  from Oregon (Mr. Blumenauer), and I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, this bipartisan amendment would restore $5  million to the National Park Service's Historic Preservation Fund to  achieve level funding from the 2018 fiscal year.   This amendment continues the same spirit of bipartisanship that  Congress displayed in 2016 when we reauthorized the Historic  Preservation Fund through 2023 and that Congress displayed last year  when we passed a similar amendment in this Chamber.   Since the Historic Preservation Fund's creation in 1966, Congress has  allocated more than $2 billion to communities across the country to  connect Americans to our history and to contribute to our sense of  place.   Historic preservation projects prioritize local workers, create more  jobs per dollar spent than other construction projects, and use fewer  carbon emissions than building anew.   The Historic Preservation Fund includes funding for State historic  preservation offices, which work with local communities to revitalize  historic locations and protect American heritage. Importantly, State  historic fund offices administer the historic rehabilitation tax  credit, which, nationwide, has leveraged $131 billion in private  investment and created 2.4 million jobs since its inception.   It is that kind of high return leverage that the Historic  Preservation Fund achieves. That explains why the program received the  funding level in the 2018 omnibus that Mr. Blumenauer seeks to restore.   I would note that the omnibus was a bipartisan and bicameral  agreement which the chair and ranking member supported.   Again, this amendment does not seek to raise spending above the 2018  omnibus, which cleared both Houses with a healthy bipartisan vote and  which was signed into law by President Trump last March.   Madam Chair, I urge passage of the Blumenauer amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, this amendment designates $100,000 in  funding to the United States Geological Survey so that they can create  a searchable map showing occurrences of an iron sulfide material known  as pyrrhotite nationwide.   Pyrrhotite is a material that has, unfortunately, shown up in  concrete quarries in New England and Canada. When it is mixed into the  aggregate poured into the foundations of homes, over a period of time,  because it is an iron material and exposed to moisture, it actually  rusts, expands, and cracks, basically causing a catastrophic collapse  of the foundation.   In Connecticut, there are estimates that as high as 19,000 homes that  have been infected with pyrrhotite material. It spread into western  Massachusetts and three rivers in Quebec. The whole community of  thousands of people have been devastated by the presence of this  material.   The Trump administration and the Treasury Department actually  recognized last November a property casualty loss tax guidance that  allows homeowners who basically have to spend about $200,000 to repair  their homes--because they have to lift the house, pull out the old  foundation, and pour a new foundation--to claim it as a property  casualty loss deduction.   Last month, Dr. Ben Carson from HUD came up and did a tour of these  homes. It is a devastating occurrence, and it has potential nationwide  consequences.   The United States Navy actually has a bidding process out right now  through its SBIR program to come up with a testing mechanism. They  calculate that they basically own about 300,000 structures throughout  the United States. They want to have a system for testing for the  presence of pyrrhotite.   I brought a picture, which shows the effects of the catastrophe. This  is a home where the house was lifted. The material of the foundation is  so badly compromised that the contractor can actually pull it apart by  hand, it is that serious.   This amendment would allow the United States Geological Survey to  create a searchable database nationally that would allow us to identify  this. The Office of Congressional Affairs contacted our office and  indicated that they do have the capacity to develop a national  pyrrhotite map, but it is not in their current plan. This amendment,  which is also supported by Mr. Larson from Connecticut's First  District, would direct that priority.   Madam Chair, I urge passage of the amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I thank the chairman for his consideration  of this amendment. It is a very serious problem and much appreciated in  the New England area. I thank the ranking member, Ms. McCollum, for her  support as well.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time   