 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to yet another short-term extension  of the National Flood Insurance Program, or the NFIP. This is our  eighth one--our eighth one since fiscal year 2017 began.   I think we owe it to the taxpayers and I owe it to the residents of  North Carolina's 13th District to fight for reform. We cannot support  another short-term renewal, especially considering the program is $20  billion--and I have even heard that it is even upwards of that--$20  billion in the hole. It is hemorrhaging money, Mr. Speaker. And it is  concerning that folks cannot even agree to or even support modest  reforms to one of the most flawed government programs we have ever  seen.   Mr. Speaker, I urge opposition of this extension and believe this  continuous kicking of the can down the road cannot go on forever. There  is still time to adopt even modest reforms, and I sure hope that we do  so.   I think Senator Mike Lee of Utah said it best when he gave his  description of a ``yes'' vote to extend the NFIP yet again with no  reforms back in the summer. He said: ``This is terribly discouraging.  It's not just this program; it's all that it represents. If we aren't  willing to adopt even modest reforms to a minor program like NFIP, how  will we ever address any of the far more vexing problems facing our  government?''   This Senator from Utah gets it, and, Mr. Speaker, I wish others would  as well.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Hensarling, and after those  kind words, maybe we all should just yield back. But I am going to hang  on for a few minutes and talk about some of the great things that we  have done on Chairman Hensarling's committee that I have been honored  to be a part of for these last 2 years and look forward to continuing  on. One of the things to mention in the 115th Congress is to highlight  the need to bring JOBS 3.0 across the finish line.   But before I do that, I have to say, Mr. Speaker, that I don't think  there  [[Page H9736]]  has been a harder working committee in Washington, D.C., over the past  2 years, from our leadership all the way down to the committee's staff  level, and it shows in our accomplishments. I am proud to have played a  small role in some of these victories.   One simply cannot start a speech like this without talking about the  tremendous work that went into the Financial CHOICE Act, which  ultimately became known as S. 2155.   As we all know, Dodd-Frank was enacted in 2010 in an effort to end  the so-called too-big-to-fail financial institutions. However, Dodd- Frank and Congress inadvertently created too-small-to-succeed financial  institutions, which punished our regional and community banks and  credit unions. It was unfortunate, but in the end, community financial  institutions were shut down, while the consumer and small business  owner were starved of the access to credit at a time when they needed  it the most.   However, with the passage and ultimate enactment of S. 2155, the  status quo that I just highlighted has changed, instead, for good.  Dodd-Frank reform was a win for North Carolina's community financial  institutions, small businesses, innovators, and the economy as a whole.  Under this bill, the consumer and small business will get access to the  credit they need, whether it be used to buy a home or finally start and  expand their businesses.   I think this bill, Mr. Speaker, is, arguably, the most important  legislative win this Congress has seen in a long time. It will benefit  all sectors of the economy, and I am so excited that we got this done.   On a more personal note, outside of Dodd-Frank reform, I have really  enjoyed the work that has gone on at the Terrorism and Illicit Finance  Subcommittee. Under the leadership of our chairman, Steve Pearce, my  bipartisan bill, H.R. 3321, the National Strategy for Combating  Terrorist, Underground, and Other Illicit Financing Act, is just one  example of this work. I was able to get this bipartisan bill signed by  the President and passed into law as part of the Countering America's  Adversaries Through Sanctions Act.   My bill directs the Department of the Treasury to develop a national  strategy to combat the financing of terrorism and related forms of  illicit finance involving all levels of government. H.R. 3321 will get  us closer to a coordinated strategy on disrupting these illicit  financial networks in the hopes that we are able to starve terrorist  groups like ISIS of the resources they need to carry out their radical  agendas.   I also want to highlight and think that we should be proud of the  balance we have been trying to strike with regard to fintech. I have my  own legislation on this front, for example, H.R. 6849, the Bank Secrecy  Innovation Act, which directs the Secretary of the Treasury to  encourage the use of technological innovations that improve financial  institutions' anti-money laundering programs.   Financial institutions currently have little incentive to invest in  innovative technology solutions to BSA compliance because of the  regulatory inflexibility. The Bank Secrecy Innovation Act will provide  financial institutions with greater incentive and certainty when  experimenting with technology to aid in BSA compliance by providing a  safe harbor against having the use of such technology be the basis for  regulatory penalty.   The application of innovative technology by financial institutions in  their BSA compliance programs will likely improve the detection of  illicit activity, leading to more efficient and higher quality  reporting of suspicious activity by financial institutions. Better,  more targeted reports likely will aid law enforcement in focusing their  limited resources on real criminal activities, while also reducing the  time that law enforcement must spend weeding out reports that are just  irrelevant.   As I said earlier, Mr. Speaker, there is still one more package of  bills that passed out of our committee and this body with strong  bipartisan backing that still needs to be pushed across the finish  line. I am talking, of course, about JOBS 3.0 and the capital formation  package that would further improve our economy and make it easier for  companies to go public.   This package included bills like mine, H.R. 3903, the Encouraging  Public Offerings Act, that I introduced with my friend on the other  side of the aisle from New York,  Gregory Meeks. It passed the House,  if you can imagine, 417-0.   It allows issuers to submit to the SEC for confidential review,  before publicly filing, draft registrations for IPOs. H.R. 3903 will  reduce the risk to companies that are just thinking about going public,  in order to make listing on exchanges even more attractive, which, in  the end, will only strengthen our financial markets.   Mr. Speaker, the legislation found under JOBS will make it easier for  startups and small businesses in North Carolina to attract the  investments they need to go public, grow, and create more jobs.   I also want to highlight, briefly, title 14 of JOBS, which protects  the American insurance standards. This strong, bipartisan language  found under title 14 will give U.S. negotiators the strong legislative  backing they need when they negotiate with international bodies like  the IAIS.   Now, as we try to bring JOBS over the finish line, I am hopeful that  we can keep this strong, bipartisan language in the bill. We must keep  it in whatever version of JOBS that we pass. The American  insuranc consumer needs it and also deserves it. So let's get JOBS  done.    Mr. Speaker, in closing, like my colleagues have said before, I want  to thank our chairman, Jeb Hensarling, for his principled leadership of  this committee and for seeing us through some great wins in the 115th  Congress. He has been a friend, a mentor, and somebody I respect in the  way he leads, and leads his family greatly, and I know that he will be  missed.   