 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the pending  legislation to address the opioid epidemic--a crisis the likes of which  we have never seen in America. All of us know that this crisis is a  nightmare. It is a scourge. The prescription drug, heroin, and fentanyl  epidemic is a human tragedy unfolding every day in homes, in alleyways,  in bathrooms, the back seats of cars, in nearly every city and town of  our country.   Preliminary estimates indicate that opioid overdoses claimed an  estimated  [[Page S6162]]  49,000 lives just last year, including nearly 2,000 people in  Massachusetts. That is more than gun violence. That is more than car  accidents. The opioid epidemic is the deadliest drug overdose crisis in  American history. A crisis of this proportion demands action at all  levels, and I am pleased that the Senate is taking a step in that  direction today.   I would like to thank Senator Lamar Alexander and Senator Patty  Murray and their staffs, as well as the leadership and staffs of the  other committees, who worked to create and refine the legislative  package we will be voting on later this evening.   This bill contains a number of proposals that will help families and  communities struggling day in and day out to respond to the opioid  overdose crisis. One of those proposals is my bipartisan Opioids  Milestones Act, a bill I authored with Senator Lisa Murkowski and  Senator Maggie Hassan to create a scorecard for our Nation's response  to the opioid crisis.   The Milestones Act will require the Federal Government to both set  tangible benchmarks for how we are addressing the opioid crisis in our  country and measure progress on key objectives every single year. When  people are sick, they get a treatment plan. The United States of  America needs a nationwide treatment plan for fighting the opioid  crisis, and that is what this provision will create for our country.  Those objectives include reducing overdose deaths, expanding treatment  availability, increasing the number of individuals in sustained  recovery, and decreasing emergency room visits for overdoses.   If we don't have a dashboard--a scorecard--to clearly and  quantifiably show our progress on this epidemic, we will continue to  fight the same battle over and over again. We urgently need to know  whether our policies and resources are being used in ways that have a  measurable impact on the public's health. The Milestones Act provision  in this bill will provide a national roadmap for ensuring that our  Federal and State resources pay lifesaving dividends. That is my goal,  that is Senator Murkowski's goal, and that is Senator Hassan's goal,  and it is in the bill.   This type of strategy was put in place to fight the HIV/AIDS epidemic  in America--another disease that was surrounded by stigma, inaction,  and the lack of research until advocates, scientists, healthcare  providers, and policymakers joined forces to chart a path forward and  to make measurable progress. While that war is not yet won, new HIV  diagnoses and deaths have declined dramatically over the past two  decades in the United States.   When America has a plan, America wins. That is why I am pleased that  this legislative package includes important bipartisan legislation that  I introduced with Senator Todd Young and Senator Tammy Baldwin to help  address increasing rates of infectious diseases like HIV caused by  injection drug use.   With more than 220 counties across the United States at risk of a  hepatitis C or HIV outbreak related to the opioid crisis, we cannot  afford to wait any longer to arm our States with the tools needed to  tackle the public health consequences of this epidemic. Massachusetts  had more reported cases of hepatitis C than any other State in 2015-- the same year we peaked in overdose deaths caused by illicit opioids.   The public health consequences of the epidemic are life-and-death.  One recent study published in the American Journal of Public Health  roughly estimates that 510,000 people could die over the next decade  due to opioid-related causes, which include overdoses as well as other  causes of death tied to opioids, such as HIV infections from sharing  syringes. That is what Senator Young and I are trying to deal with. We  are trying to deal with this issue so that we can create the tools that  help us to deal with this growing medical problem in our country.   This provision will help ensure that the Federal Government works  with States to improve education, surveillance, and treatment of opioid  use-related infectious diseases like HIV and viral hepatitis, but we  have more work to do to combat this crisis. If we are going to reduce  the supply of heroin, fentanyl, and illicit prescription opioids, then  we have to reduce the demand through treatment. That must include  increasing access to effective medication-assisted treatment, or MAT.   Only about 1 in 10 individuals with a substance use disorder will be  able to access treatment. That is unconscionable and demands immediate  action. That is why as part of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery  Act--or the CARA bill of 2016--Senator Rand Paul and I worked together  to include provisions that would, for the first time, allow physician  assistants and nurse practitioners to prescribe lifesaving medication- assisted treatment, like SUBOXONE, for individuals with substance use  disorders.   Since these provisions went into effect, more than 8,000 physician  assistants and nurse practitioners have registered to provide  medication-assisted treatment. That has resulted in more Americans  accessing this lifesaving care, especially in community health centers  and rural communities across this country. For doctors and medical  professionals, MAT stands for medication-assisted therapies, but for  those with an opioid use disorder, expanding MAT means more access to  treatment.    Nurse practitioners and physician assistants want to respond to the  demand side of the opioid crisis, and they are stepping up in a major  way to connect individuals to the treatment they need. Unfortunately,  the authority nurse practitioners and physician assistants have to  prescribe this lifesaving treatment expires in a few short years. If we  don't intervene now, a substantial amount of our current prescriber  population will no longer be able to treat individuals with substance  use disorder using this effective treatment. That will further strain  our already woefully inadequate treatment workforce.   That is why Senator Paul, Senator Hassan, Senator Collins, and I  introduced new, bipartisan legislation to provide permanent MAT  prescriber authority for nurse practitioners and physician assistants.  Our bill also extends this authority to other nursing professionals  already playing an important role in our fight against the opioid  crisis--certified nurse midwives, clinical nurse specialists, and  certified registered nurse anesthetists. These dedicated nursing  professionals are irreplaceable members of our healthcare community,  and we need to make sure they can provide treatment that saves families  from the suffering of addiction.   The legislative package we are voting on today in the Senate  unfortunately does not contain this bipartisan legislation on  medication-assisted treatment. This is a missed opportunity to build  upon our commitment to treatment. But the House-passed opioid  legislation does contain a version of our provision to make the  prescriber authority for nurse practitioners and physician assistants  permanent and to expand that authority to the other nursing  professionals. I will continue working with my colleagues to ensure  that this lifesaving provision makes it into the final opioid package  negotiated between the House and the Senate leaders.   The bill we vote on today cannot be the end of our efforts to help  solve the opioid overdose crisis. The opioid crisis knows no  boundaries, and neither should our efforts to combat it. Not only must  we expand access to treatment, we must also think about how we can help  to prevent addiction from taking hold in the first place.   Last week, I introduced bipartisan legislation with Senator Orrin  Hatch to help ensure that patients and their loved ones understand the  risks of prescription opioids. I have heard too many stories about  substance use disorders that began from an opioid prescribed to an  individual injured on the job who needed to feel well enough to return  to work the next day, or to help heal a sports injury. That is the  story of Cory Palazzi from Taunton, MA.   In high school, Cory was a varsity baseball and football athlete and  a member of the National Honor Society. He had a love for the game of  baseball. For him, the baseball diamond was the happiest place on  Earth.   In his junior year, Cory suffered a shoulder injury that required  surgery. After surgery, Cory was prescribed opioid painkillers and  became addicted to his medication. His painkiller addiction eventually  became a heroin addiction, and in 2013, Cory suffered a heroin  [[Page S6163]]  overdose, which has left him permanently disabled.   Cory and his family, Lori and Dave, have turned this tragedy into  triumph. Today, they share their story in schools and other  organizations to warn the public about the dangers of drugs and offer a  message of hope for those who are faced with addiction. We thank them  for their courage, for their strength, and for their commitment to  ending this crisis.   The Palazzi family know firsthand that prescription opioids are  dangerous, but because of the confusing names and ingredients, many  families may not know that they have just left the pharmacy with a  bottle full of danger. The path from one bottle of pills--for patients  who have had their wisdom teeth removed or suffered a sports injury--to  addiction needs as many roadblocks put in place as humanly possible.   The legislation Senator Hatch and I have introduced--the Lessening  Addiction By Enhancing Labeling Act, or the LABEL Opioids Act--would  require that all prescription opioid bottles dispensed to a patient  contain a clear, concise warning that opioids may cause dependence,  addiction, or overdose.   In the absence of legislation to ensure that providers across the  country receive uniform, mandatory education on safe opioid  prescribing, we need to give patients information on how to safely use,  store, and dispose of these dangerous medications. In the same way we  put warning labels directly on cigarettes for being addictive and  causing potential death, we need labels to caution patients about the  dangers of prescription opioids. It is important that everyone who  receives an opioid prescription understand the potential risks, and a  sticker on an opioid pill bottle is a powerful, consistent reminder of  that danger.   We must do all we can to put a stop to this dangerous opioid crisis  that has ravaged families and communities across the country for too  long. We are moving in the right direction, but today's vote should not  be the end of our work on this issue.   I thank my colleagues in this Chamber for their commitment, and I  look forward to working with them in the conference and beyond to make  sure we put everything in law nationally that helps to ensure that  children will have to look to the history books to find that there ever  was such an epidemic as this opioid crisis.   Once again, I thank Senator Alexander and Senator Murray for their  great work on this issue.   I yield the floor.   