 Mr. President, I am honored to follow the Senator from  Texas and to have shared time with President Bush, as he has, and  appreciate very much his service to this Senate and this country.   You know, the hardest thing they ever ask you to do in public office  is eulogize someone you don't even know. But because you are a Senator  and they think you have a name that everybody back home knows, they  think that would be a good idea. It is the hardest thing for a Senator  to do.   The easiest thing to do is to be asked to eulogize somebody you know  and love. You don't have to look up things and read things and do a  biography. But that, too, is also very hard. It is hard to hold back  the tears when you talk about the experiences you had with someone who  has gone on to a better place. That is the role I am in today.   George Herbert Walker Bush did so many things for me in my lifetime  that I can't begin to count them or recount them all for you, but I am  going to tell a few of the stories. You have all heard about how he was  in the CIA, how many planes he shot down, and how many times he did  whatever he did. We all know he has a resume that is equal to none. I  mean, nobody has one equal to his. We also know, those of us who knew  him--and I know Senator Cornyn of Texas did--as a public servant, he  was a passionate, compassionate, get-the-job-done, commonsense,  conservative leader who wanted to see not just the promises made but  the promises kept.   How did I meet George Herbert Walker Bush? I will tell you how I met  him. He was Vice President of the United States of America. He was on  Air Force One. He was Vice President under Reagan, who controlled Air  Force One. We were riding from St. Augustine, FL, to Atlanta, GA, to do  a fundraiser for me when I was running for Governor of Georgia. I knew  him by reputation and by name and obviously by being in my party, but I  didn't know him as a person.    He said: Why don't you fly down to St. Augustine and meet me there,  and we will fly to Atlanta for a fundraiser that night? Bring your  family. Let's have some fun and get you elected Governor of Georgia.   We had a ball. That was not hard. Winning the governorship was a  little bit more difficult, but it was a lot easier to try when the Vice  President of the United States came out and put his name on the line  for me. I really didn't understand how he could risk his career doing  that until I realized nobody cared who I was anyway, but he cared who I  was because I was a potential candidate for Governor, I was a  Republican, I was somebody he liked and admired, and I was somebody he  wanted to help and work with.   So my family and I piled onto Air Force One, flew into Atlanta,  Dobbins Air Force Base, and went to the Waverly Hotel. We raised three- quarters of a million dollars at that fundraiser. It was over in the  flash of an eye, but I can still smell the room, indelibly remember the  lights that were on, the banners we had, and the speeches made that  night because he was an overpoweringly impressive guy. When he stood  there and made a speech and Lee Greenwood followed him with how great  it was to be an American, you knew you were among royalty--a special  person.   He wanted me to work for him in his Presidential campaign. I said:  Mr. Vice President, I would be more than happy to do that. And I did. I  didn't run it. I was not the top dog by any stretch. Paul Coverdell,  former U.S. Senator, was his campaign manager. Fred Cooper, his  financier, was the one who raised the money. They did a lot to help him  get elected, but we did help him in Georgia get elected when he won  that race.   In 1989, when he was sworn in, he started out on a journey as  President of the United States, after he had already been CIA Director,  after he had already been Vice President of the United States, after he  had already every other thing you could be--from Congressman, to head  of the U.N. delegation, to everything in between. Now he was taking on  the prize job of them all--the Presidency of the United States of  America.   I polled well as I was running for Governor. In fact, halfway through  his first term, halfway through it, when they did a poll, I was doing  pretty good. I wasn't winning, but I was doing pretty good, and  everybody attributed it not to me but to the fact that the President  came down and helped me. And he was doing really well too. In fact, if  you will remember, George Herbert Walker Bush in 1991 had an 89-percent  favorable rating. When he lost 2 years later, he was down in the high  thirties. What happened? How could this guy who is so great and so  gracious, so wonderful, who did everything, fall so fast? I have  answered that question many times because I wanted to rationalize it  myself.   I watched that fall. I watched George H.W. Bush do what he thought  was right even though what he did might be wrong for him. I want to  explain that.   The speech he made in New Orleans to get the nomination in 1988--he  used a simple little line. He talked about shining cities on the hill.  He talked about a foundation. He talked about the Points of Light  foundation he started. He talked about helping others who didn't have  as much as they should and he wanted them to have. He talked about  giving a little back to your country. He gave the speech equivalency to  John Kennedy's Peace Corps speech or great speeches made by other  American Presidents. He was a caring man.   He also gave a speech in which he said: ``Read my lips: No new  taxes.'' I have never seen or heard anybody who took credit for giving  him that statement, because that statement probably led to his most  difficult time in his reelection campaign. But at the time he made it-- he made it because George Bush knew he might have to do that. He wasn't  going to continue to run for President without saying: Look, I don't  want to raise your taxes, but it is something we think might happen.  And it did happen, and it cost him the election. He did what was right  for the country, although it might not have been right for George H.W.  Bush. He was that kind of guy. He put the test on what is best for the  people, what is best for the country.   If you listen to or read many of the stories of the Iraq war when we  first sent troops in, George Bush was the first one to do that. I  remember riding home in my car from my office in Atlanta when the news  broke. The President was about to do a press conference. When I turned  the radio on, he was making the announcement about sending troops into  Iraq from Kuwait and going after Saddam Hussein to give up his weapons  of mass destruction.  [[Page S7273]]    We still have troops in Iraq and Afghanistan today. We are fighting  the ultimate war between good and evil, of terrorism versus the  American way of peace and prosperity. That is a war that was engaged by  George Bush not because he liked war but because he loved peace; not  because he wanted to fight but because he wanted to demonstrate through  strength that we can negotiate a settlement through diplomacy far  easier and with less damage.   George Herbert Walker Bush did everything he thought was the right  thing to do for the right reasons. Even if his final decision was not  good for him politically, he still did it if it was right for the  American people. You can ask no more of a politician. You can ask  anything you want to, but you can't ask anything more of them than to  do what is right regardless of the consequences. I love Mark Twain's  quote: When you are confronted with a difficult decision, do what is  right--you will surprise a few, but you will amaze the rest.   George Herbert Walker Bush was an amazing man, someone whose life  will indelibly be in my heart and my memory, for all the things he did  for me, my children, and my grandchildren, and all of the things he has  done for you and all of us as Americans.   To his son, 43--he is a great chip off the old block. He is probably  as good as his dad, but nobody will ever be nicer than his dad.   George Herbert Walker Bush, George W. Bush, the entire Bush family,  Barbara Bush--I send my sympathy and my support for you in this time of  trial. I thank you for the sacrifice you have made for our country and  for your family.   I pledge to you that I will try to always be as close as I can--I  will never make it, but I will do as much as I can to be as good or try  to be as good as George H.W. Bush was.   I hope that when I die and the papers report on that--if there is  any--they will be as kind to me as they have been to George Bush. What  they have done with George Bush is told the truth--not talk about any  failures, where there might have been a few; they talked about his  victories, his passions, and they talked about his love. Most of all,  they talked about a great country, the United States of America. It is  great today and will always be because of men like George Herbert  Walker Bush.   May God bless his soul. I thank him for the service he brought to our  great country.   I yield back.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   