 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman and the  ranking member for their bipartisan leadership.   I am pleased to join with my colleague, Congressman John Curtis from  Utah, in putting forth this important piece of legislation. I am  pleased to join as the cosponsor of Congressman Curtis on H.R. 6348,  the Small Business Access to Capital and Efficiency Act, which adjusts  the real estate appraisal threshold under the section 504 program to  bring them into line with thresholds used by the Federal banking  regulator. This bill also passed out of the Small Business Committee in  July.   The city of Philadelphia has a robust real estate industry which  employs appraisers, lenders, construction workers, bankers, and  numerous others. The point is the industry is responsible for jobs,  jobs, and more jobs. Currently, the Small Business Act mandates this.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this particular bill.  This is very important to our country.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the ranking member  for their support of this bill.   As I mentioned earlier, this bill is important for modernization and  moving toward the future. In the city of Philadelphia, we have a lot of  opportunities. It is most important that we rise in competitiveness  from where we are today. As the ranking member has stated very clearly,  this again just makes the opportunities more competitive.   I think it is most important in this environment today that we are  sensitive to small businesses because they are the backbone of our  future. It is important to understand that in a city like Philadelphia,  which has 26 percent poverty--one of the largest major cities in this  country--we need to add this to the toolbox. The importance of growing  businesses, particularly small businesses, is extremely important to us  all.   So I stand here today and join with my colleagues and ask that we  support this legislation that will be very important in the toolbox of  small businesses.   