 Mr. President, I want to thank my friend and colleague,  Senator Blumenthal, for his commitment to this issue. We started this  caucus to end trafficking 6 years ago, and during that time period  there has been some significant progress made here in the Senate and  the House. We have been able to pass legislation to help crack down on  trafficking.   Unbelievably, in this century in this country, sex trafficking is  increasing, not decreasing, despite our good efforts. We have increased  the penalties on those who purchase sex from underage children. We have  changed the dynamic of how the Federal Government and HHS look at this  issue and these girls who get engaged in trafficking and get trapped  into the system and to treat them like the victims they are rather than  as criminals.   We have done more to increase awareness of this issue. We have  required for missing kids, which are probably the most vulnerable of  all, that there be a photograph or another identifier, which,  unbelievably, for the most part there was not prior to that. We have  made some progress.   Senator Blumenthal and I have written legislation with regard to  Government contractors who overseas engage in human trafficking--and  our tax dollars go for that. So we have made some progress, but it is  still increasing.   Why? Senator Blumenthal talked about it. The experts are unified on  this. The main reason we see an uptick is because of the dark side of  the internet. The Senator quoted the statistic earlier about an 850- percent increase in reports of sex trafficking over the last several  years prior to 2015. The reason that was true was because we saw the  emergence of these companies like backpage.com, which probably has  about 75 percent of the commercial sex traffic on one site, and the  ruthless efficiency of the internet getting engaged on this issue. So  we have to address this issue.   Here is the tragic part of this. Not only are more and more lives  being ruined and there are more and more heartbreaking stories, but it  is because of a Federal law that provides immunity to these websites.  So it comes right back here, right to these desks, right to this  Congress, right to us as legislators to fix this problem, not to try to  smooth it over but to actually fix the problem, which is that some of  these online trafficking sites are immune from prosecution because of a  Federal law. It was a well-intended law that was written 21 years ago,  I think. It is the Communications Decency Act. Ironically, it was put  in place to make it a crime to send pornography to kids online, but it  has been twisted and used by these trafficking sites to provide them  the ability to say: You can't touch us; you can't go after us. That is  so because part of what the law says in trying to promote the internet  is that if you post somebody else's material on your site, you are not  liable. All we are saying is that if you know this involved  trafficking--and Senator Blumenthal talked about his experience as a  prosecutor; this is a high bar, a known standard--then you can't get  away with this. The standard we use, by the way, for Federal  trafficking is the Federal law. So we allow victims to have their day  in court, but they can't get it now.   The stories are really sad. Let me tell you one. We spent 18 months  investigating this in the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, and  what we learned was truly tragic. You had girls who were trafficked on  these sites. In one case a mom testified that her daughter had gone  missing for about 10 weeks, as I recall--missing. This is a 14-year-old  girl. What would you do as a parent if your daughter was missing for 10  weeks? You would go crazy. She tried everything, and someone finally  told her: There is this website called backpage.com; you might want to  check it out.   She did, and she was aghast at what she saw, but she was relieved by  one thing. She saw a photograph of her daughter, knowing, then, that  she was still alive. So she picked up the phone and called backpage.com  and said: I just saw my daughter. She has been missing for 10 weeks. I  saw her on your website. Thank you for taking down that ad that is  trying to sell my daughter for sex online. This is my daughter. She is  underage.   Do you know what the backpage operator said at the other end of the  line, according to this mom? They said: Did you pay for the ad, ma'am?  She said: No, I didn't pay for the ad. This is my daughter. They said:  Well, we can't take down the ad. We can't take down the ad.   What kind of evil is behind that kind of a business practice? Well,  what we learned, as we increasingly dug into this issue, is that it is  all about profit, and you can imagine this is a very profitable  business. Profits came first, to the point that people would place ads  with backpage that indicated that it was for an underage girl, and  backpage would then get to the purchaser of the ad and say: You know  what, we need to change your ad a little bit. You need to edit out this  word ``schoolgirl'' or ``cheerleader'' or ``Lolita,'' referring to a  novel about an underage girl. So they knew these ads were being run by  people who were advertising underage girls, and they not only ran the  ads but they sanitized the ads first.   That just shouldn't happen in this country. It shouldn't happen  anywhere in the world, but certainly not with a Federal law providing  protections for organizations like that.   That is all we are saying. We want Congress to pass a law that says  that if you engage knowingly in facilitating this kind of activity, you  are subject to liability. You have to be held to account. Is that too  much to ask?   Senator Blumenthal talked about it as a former prosecutor. We allow  State prosecutors to go after these sites, which they cannot now. They  have to use the Federal standard. So we are not trying to create a  whole new area of law. It is a Federal standard that has been passed by  this body.    When these victims go to court, they are rebuffed: Sorry, ma'am. In  one court last August, a Sacramento judge basically invited our  legislation. He said to Congress: The way that law reads, even somebody  who exploits women and children online has immunity. Congress, this is  your job.   So that is all this legislation does.   Senator Blumenthal talked about the House legislation. There was  strong House legislation that was introduced  [[Page S87]]  that still bears that same H.R. number. Then it was changed in the  Judiciary Committee. Look, I am glad that there is more awareness and  consciousness about this issue and that both the House and Senate want  to act, but let's not water this legislation down. Let's not take away  this core element of our legislation that simply says that under the  Communications Decency Act, we should have the opportunity to allow  people to sue and allow prosecutors to go after these evil websites.   We can set up new causes of action. That is fine. We can do more  things as we have done in this body. As I said, over the last 5 or 6  years, we passed a number of important bills to try to raise the  consciousness and to try to help on this issue, but if we don't deal  with this internet part, we will continue to see an increase, which is  a stain on our national character--that at this time in our Nation's  history, we are seeing an increase in people being sold for sex online,  often underage.   Another story came not from testimony before the permanent  subcommittee where we spent 18 months studying this, but it came before  the Commerce Committee, and Senator Blumenthal was there for part of  this. This woman came forward. By the way, you could have heard a pin  drop in that room when she talked about her 16-year-old daughter who  was sold on backpage.com and was sold to a man who murdered her on  Christmas Eve of 2016. This is what this mom said: My daughter never  should have been on that site; that should never be allowed. She is  right. It should never be allowed. How can we allow that to happen?   So Senator Blumenthal and I introduced this legislation. We had 24  cosponsors almost right away, and it was bipartisan from the start.  This is not a political or partisan issue. As of yesterday, I think we  had 64 cosponsors. These are thoughtful Members, including the  Presiding Officer today, who looked at this legislation. They have  heard the arguments from both sides. The other side of the argument is  from the tech community, some of whom are supporting our legislation,  some of whom are not. But for the people in technology who are  concerned about this, I just have to state: I don't get it. This is  very narrowly crafted for this issue. We are not trying to affect the  freedom of the internet--just the opposite.   If you don't start cracking down on this obvious crime against  humanity, which is what I believe trafficking is, I think we are going  to see much broader legislation to deal with the internet. This just  says: If you are violating a Federal law on trafficking and you are  doing it knowingly, you are facilitating it, you are assisting it, then  you have to be held liable and held to account.   In fact, we keep in the law a Good Samaritan provision that says if a  website wants to clean up its site, it is protected. The good guys  should be protected. We want them to clean up their site. We want to be  sure that we continue to have freedom of the internet, but we don't  want to allow--nor do I think it was ever intended in this law to  allow--criminal activity to occur that affects our children and our  constituents over the internet without any sense of accountability or  responsibility. It is narrowly crafted. It is focused on a real issue  that affects real people.   On Friday I was back home in Ohio, and I was at a drug treatment  center. I had an opportunity to meet some of those who are recovering  addicts. As often happens when I am in those kinds of settings, it  turns to what kind of treatment options are out there for trauma. Why?  Because there is a link between opioids--particularly heroin and  fentanyl--and trafficking. This is what has been told to me many times  by some of these women, sometimes underage: Senator, trafficking has  moved from the street corner to the iPhone, from the street corner to  the cell phone. That is a reality.   I met a woman on Friday who was going through treatment, and part of  it is to treat the trauma that is associated with this. Drug treatment  is one thing, but the trauma associated with sex trafficking, repeated  rapes is a course that is a deeper and even more difficult road to  recovery. I believe she will recover. She has a great attitude. She  gets it. She is going to have to focus on it and dedicate herself to  it.   I will just tell you that this is a real issue in our communities  today. It is affecting every single State in this body, and we cannot  continue to ignore the reality that while the internet has brought a  lot of good things to us and the internet has helped our economy to  grow, there is a dark side and this dark side of the internet is why we  think it is so important for us to address this issue and address it  now so that the next mom who is out there right now wondering, ``Where  is my daughter? She has gone missing,'' will not find that she has been  advertised online to multiple men, that her life is forever changed,  and that she will never achieve her God-given potential in life because  of the trauma she has experienced. That is happening right now today.   We have to pass this legislation. It will help. I am convinced it  will help. It will help to avoid the reality today, which is that these  websites in your communities don't care and they are not going to care  until we make them accountable.   This month is National Slavery and Human Trafficking Prevention  Month--January. President Trump just wrote a beautiful proclamation  about it. It was a call to action. President Obama did previously.  Thursday is the day in which a lot of the advocates will be here in  town talking about this issue. I just urge my colleagues and their  staff, if they are listening today, please sign up on this legislation  if you haven't already. To our leadership, let's get this to the floor  for a vote. This should not be an issue that we drag out. Let's deal  with it. We spent years studying this. We know what the issue is. We  know what the problem is. Then, to my House colleagues, let's work  together to actually solve this problem.    For those in the tech community who continue to oppose this  legislation, I ask you to look into your hearts and think about the  impact this is having on families all across the country. Yes, we all  want a better world, and that is part of what many of these internet  companies are professing to want, and many of them, by the way, have  spent considerable resources in fighting trafficking. But if you don't  get at this issue--it has moved from the street corner to the  smartphone. If you don't get at this issue, I don't believe we will see  the progress that all of us desire.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Lee). The Senator from South Dakota.   