 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Maryland for his  leadership and my friend from California on this.   Mr. Speaker, I can't think of anything that is more important than  what we are talking about here in Washington. There are three critical  foundations which our Nation was built upon: the freedom of speech, the  freedom of conscience, and the right to life.   Thomas Jefferson, the author of the Declaration of Independence and  our third President, said: ``No provision in our Constitution ought to  be dearer to man than that which protects the rights of conscience  against the enterprises of the civil authority.''   What he means by civil authority is government.   Mr. Speaker, as I stand here today in the well of the House Chamber,  Americans' freedom of conscience and our right to life is, once again,  under attack, and this time in California. This law at issue in  California is a classic example of government using its power to force  citizens to promote messages that conflict with their personal beliefs.   Pro-life pregnancy centers are a valuable asset to women, to men, to  the families, and certainly to those babies. Not only around the  country but certainly in Michigan, these centers provide, at no charge,  practical advice and resources, information, emotional support for  expecting mothers and those fathers and families in need. As leaders of  this Nation, we should be offering support, resources, and praises for  their efforts, not forcibly targeting these PRCs with unconstitutional  government mandates.    Through the work of my wife, Natalie, who served for a number of  years on the board of a local pregnancy resource center in west  Michigan, I have seen firsthand the overwhelming positive impact that  they have on the community. My sister-in-law still serves on that  board. This is real impact in real lives, to women and certainly to  their babies.  [[Page H1590]]    Now, maybe even more importantly, even after that baby is born, these  resource centers will oftentimes provide care and clothing and  education and emotional support. I know in my own church in west  Michigan we regularly have those dresser drives where we fill a dresser  for that pregnancy center, and we are providing those diapers and  providing that formula. We are there to help those mothers make it  through.   Well, the Federal Government should never force or attempt to coerce  medical professionals, employers, or resource centers to perform or  promote abortions against their beliefs. Our basic freedoms and  founding principles were established to protect us from that exact sort  of intimidation.   Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank my friends for leading this  effort, but these pregnancy resource centers work. We know that. They  offer compassionate care to those who need it the most and should be  treasured by the government and not targeted by them.   