 Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to a former  staff member of mine, William D. Duhnke III, who dedicated over 20  years of his life's work to the Senate.   Prior to his time on Capitol Hill, Bill Duhnke served in the U.S.  Navy as a naval officer and at the Commission on the Assignment of  Women in the Armed Forces. Bill received his juris doctorate from  Catholic University and a bachelor of arts degree from his home State  university, the University of Wisconsin. In 1995 Bill Duhnke joined my  personal staff to handle defense, foreign relations, and judiciary  policy. He quickly revealed his high work ethic and innate ability to  thrive when tasked with the most challenging of assignments.   After swiftly climbing the ladder in my office, Bill became my staff  director and general counsel when I chaired the Senate Intelligence  Committee and later the Senate Banking Committee, where he was general  counsel and staff director. He also served as my staff director when I  was the ranking member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, when the  Democrats were in control.   As a former naval flight officer, Bill always brought a high level of  respect and discipline to the workplace. Without hesitation, he was  able to spearhead tasks and get things done. Not only was he a trusted  adviser, but he was an esteemed manager across Capitol Hill, where he  was duly respected. Bill is exceptionally smart and was always well  versed on the issues at hand. I would be hard-pressed to recall a time  when he was unprepared. I can't think of one.   I am certain that Bill will continue to operate in this manner in his  new role as Chairman of the Public Accounting Oversight Board.   I have relied on Bill Duhnke's professional advice and leadership for  20 years, and I know he will be an asset as the Board works to improve  audit quality and promote public trust in our securities area. I  believe SEC Chairman Jay Clayton has made an excellent choice in  selecting Bill Duhnke to chair the PCAOB.   I have no doubt that Bill has stepped into his new leadership  position with ease. His intellect and experience ensure his future  success in this role, and I am confident that Bill will remain an  outstanding leader as he continues on this new path in his career.   It is my honor to offer my deep appreciation and gratitude to Bill  Duhnke for his decades of hard work and dedication to the entire  country. I am privileged to have had him on my staff for all of those  years.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   