 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Hensarling for his  tireless work in bringing this and so many other commonsense bills to  the floor. I also want to thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr.  Tipton) for his commitment to this issue.   The lack of consistency and quality in the bank examination process  has created serious problems for financial institutions and their  customers. Mr. Tipton's legislation aims to remedy many of the issues  we have heard about from the banks and credit unions in our  congressional districts.   H.R. 4545 will allow financial institutions to have supervisory  determinations reviewed by a newly established independent examination  review board. This will create uniformity among regulatory agencies,  while making the overall exam process fair and efficient.   The legislation includes several other key reforms, such as  imposition of a reasonable time limit on examiners to provide exam  results to institutions. It may seem like a simple request in the bill,  a simple provision, but, today, institutions may wait as much as a year  or more--in some cases, several years--to get the results of a single  exam.   How can you be expected to comply with regulations if the regulators  don't get back to you in a timely fashion with their feedback?   I myself spent several years as a bank examiner. The relationship  between banker and examiner was a collegial one. Examiners would work  with bankers to make sure they understood their rules and address the  issues that manifested themselves during the course of the examination.  If an institution failed to fix those issues, it then faced appropriate  repercussions.    Today's exam environment is completely different. Financial  regulators seem to play a constant game of ``gotcha.'' The only  recourse for a financial institution is to turn to an appeals process  that, quite frankly, has a predetermined outcome.   Mr. Speaker, something has to change.   To be clear, this bill does not prevent regulatory agencies from  conducting exams or imposing restrictions on financial institutions.  What it does is restore order to the exam process, which, for far too  long, has been politicized and abused.   This is an incredibly important measure and one that I hope will  receive support from all my colleagues.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for his work.   