 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my  amendment, which seeks to crack down on the practice commonly known as  sue and settle.   When Federal agencies settle lawsuits with outside advocacy groups  behind closed doors, the outcome is pretty much what you would expect:  costly new regulatory burdens with taxpayers picking up the tab.   That is exactly how sue and settle works. Federal agencies accept  lawsuits from outside advocacy organizations and, rather than defend  themselves, proceed to settle that lawsuit in a closed-door agreement,  resulting in new and more costly regulations.   It is bad enough that the taxpayer ultimately pays for these  regulations, but under current law, it is the taxpayer footing the bill  for attorneys' fees for these outside organizations. That is absurd.   My amendment prevents American taxpayer dollars from being used to  pay the legal fees of outside advocacy groups for settlements under the  Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Endangered Species Act.  Organizations can still sue whomever they want, but they cannot do it  on the backs of taxpayers.   Fortunately, we are making progress to end this practice. In the  House, we have passed this amendment several times before, and the  Trump administration has taken notice of our efforts. The Trump  administration sees this practice for what it is: an abuse of our  regulator process that must be reined in.   The EPA announced last fall that it will no longer pay attorneys'  fees as part of the settlement process and will ensure stakeholders  have input and a more transparent settlement process. This amendment  will help bolster the administration's efforts to stop this abusive  practice.   The Trump administration realizes that nowhere is the cost of these  settlements more painful than in the environmental regulatory context.  The result of these lawsuits is hundreds of new regulations and tens of  millions--even billions--of dollars in compliance costs.   If that isn't bad enough, as part of the agreements, agencies are  often required to reprioritize their agendas, allocating limited  resources to the priorities of these interest groups rather than  priorities designated by Congress or ones that have received public and  stakeholder input.   The American people are tired of our unaccountable Federal  Government, and we have the opportunity to do something about it. This  is a necessary step to rein in overregulation and bring transparency  back to the regulatory process.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    I support the Trump administration, but I also  support our duty under the Constitution to make sure we tell the  executive what to do.    Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. Gianforte).    Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. Calvert), who is the  subcommittee chairman.    Mr. Chairman, the sue-and-settle practice cuts  stakeholders and the public out of the regulatory process. It  undermines the Article I authority we hold here in Congress.   By restricting the payment of legal fees, we take away the incentive  for these environmental advocacy groups to sue the Federal Government,  and we protect public input in the rulemaking process.   Mr. Chairman, I urge a ``yes'' vote on my amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   