 Mr. Speaker, I would like to salute Chellie Pingree, my  cosponsor on this bill, H.R. 2504, for the great work that she has done  and that we have done together.   Mr. Speaker, I will tell you that the job of government is to help  our families, to help our small businesses, such that the kids and the  young adults in Maine can stay in our State, such that they can raise  their families and have a wonderful life.   The best part of the world is in the State of Maine. Now, Ms. Pingree  represents the southern part of our coast, Mr. Speaker, the southern  half, from Camden down to Kittery. I represent the downeast part of our  coast, from Lincolnville up to Eastport.   Now, in the downeast part of our coast, mostly we are the folks that  dive for the sea urchins and cucumbers. These are little critters that  are delicacies in the Far East. We might not eat them here in  Washington, but they are delicacies in the Far East. And in Chellie's  district, the southern part of the coast, they process these critters.   Mr. Speaker, this is very dangerous work. The folks that harvest  these sea urchins and cucumbers strap on tanks and go into deep, dark,  cold waters off the coast of Maine, and they are doing a great job  getting this product to market.   This product is incredibly perishable, so it is very important to get  them from the bottom of the sea floor in coastal Maine onto their  boats, down to Portland where they are processed in Ms. Pingree's  district, and then onto a truck, down to JFK, get them on a plane, and  get them to the Far East and sell as many of these critters as is  humanly possible.   This is where the problem comes in. As Ms. Pingree said, we already  inspect this perishable delicacy in Maine. We do not need, Mr. Speaker,  a second set of regulations that inspect them down in New York.   And God forbid that it is on a holiday and folks don't show up to  inspect them.    What happens to this very perishable product?   It sits in a warehouse on a tarmac where it is exposed to things that  would cause them to go bad.   So we need to do commonsense Maine stuff here, which is to eliminate  overregulation. We already inspect this product in Maine. We don't need  to do it again down on a tarmac in New York.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage everybody, Republicans and Democrats, to  work the way Chellie and I have on this, in a bipartisan manner, to  make sure our families in Maine have an opportunity to dive for sea  cucumbers and sea urchins and get them to market as quickly as  possible.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for giving me the time to speak on  this; I thank Ms. Pingree for the same. I really appreciate leadership  moving this through the floor here. I hope we have a very big,  bipartisan, unanimous vote on this, because it is commonsense Maine. It  is the right thing to do.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. Pingree. I appreciate her work on this.  Congratulations.   