 Madam Chair, I thank the chairman for  yielding me the time.   I rise in full support of H.R. 6147 and commend Chairman Calvert on  this much-needed legislation.   Back in 1977, Congress established the Abandoned Mine Lands program  to  [[Page H6382]]  use coal production revenues to fund critical reclamation efforts. Roll  forward about 30 or 40 years, and I want to highlight one important  part of the funding bill that is before us that will truly make a  difference in many hard-hit coal States, including my home State of  West Virginia.   A new AML pilot program is in this legislation. Back in 2016, and  thanks to the leadership of Chairman Hal Rogers and Chairman Calvert,  we worked on establishing this AML pilot program to use some of these  funds to help create job opportunities for displaced workers and help  diversify the economy.   In the last 2 years, the AML pilot program has brought $80 million to  West Virginia, bolstering our economy and creating new jobs. These  funds are being put to good use and play a proactive role in  diversifying our State's economy, and many other States'.   AML pilot funds, for example, are being used to support the Hatfield- McCoy Trail System, more than 700 miles of world-class ATV trails just  in West Virginia. I recently took part in a ride along on one of the  trails to see firsthand the economic benefits they have brought to West  Virginia. The trails being developed using AML pilot funds will attract  thousands of new visitors, bolstering job creation in Appalachia and  unleashing our tourism potential.   These funds are also being used to expand municipal water services,  which is critical for businesses and agricultural developments, as well  as public health. The Coalfield Development Corporation, for example,  is using AML pilot funds to build an aquaponics farm to grow  sustainable commercial quantities of fish and vegetables.   Simply stated, our towns and counties and States need resources to  provide for the future, and this bill does it. It helps us diversify  the economies. It helps attract employers and create much-needed jobs,  putting West Virginians and Americans back to work.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   