 Mr. Speaker, I rise today with deep hesitation in  supporting another clean extension of the National Flood Insurance  Program through November of this year. While I completely agree that  letting this program lapse in the middle of hurricane season is deeply  problematic, it is inconceivable to me that even extremely modest  reforms to this troubled program are not included in this legislation.   The House amendment to S. 1182 is a simple piece of legislation with  a simple extension. What is notable, however, is the fact that the  legislation contains none of the reforms passed by this House in a  bipartisan manner in November, nor does the legislation contain any of  the more modest reforms recently introduced by my colleagues from  California and Oregon, Representatives Royce and Blumenauer.   Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman from Missouri said, this will be  extension number 7 in less than a year. This is even after Congress  forgave that $16 billion in NFIP debt, all while fewer than 2 percent  of the 5 million policies that are out there have absorbed more than $8  billion in payments.    These numbers are staggering. Instead of passing clean extension  after clean extension, the Senate should--no, wait a minute--the Senate  must do its job and take up bipartisan reform that we passed in  November.   I urge my colleagues to be responsible and work toward crafting a  long-term reauthorization of this, a program that needs to shift  towards risk-based rates, increasing private sector involvement in the  program, and to address repetitive loss properties, all of which will  put the program on a more sustainable financial path.   I grew up in a floodplain in Michigan right along Lake Michigan and  the Great Lakes. This is real for those of us in west Michigan. But at  the end of the day, with this legislation, a ``no'' vote is not a lack  of willingness or interest to address this issue, as it may be  portrayed; but, equally, a ``yes'' vote should not be acceptance of the  status quo. Hopefully, by this bill moving forward, there may be action  in the Senate.   Frankly, at the end of the day, Members are being put in an  impossible no-win situation; not for us, Mr. Speaker, but for our  constituents, the taxpayers, it is a no-win situation.   