 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5036, the Financial  Technology Protection Act. Before I begin, I would like to thank the  Financial Services Committee Chair Hensarling and Ranking Member Waters  for their support in helping to guide this bill through the committee  process. I am very pleased that this legislation was passed through the  committee unanimously when it was marked up back in July.   I would also like to thank my colleague from North Carolina, Mr.  Budd, for his good work on this important legislation. This has truly  been a bipartisan effort.   Mr. Speaker, by a strange coincidence, I was actually elected in the  Democratic primary in Massachusetts on September 11, 2001, the day of  the attacks on the United States in New York, the Pentagon, and in  western Pennsylvania. Since my arrival here in Washington and  throughout my time in Congress, I have taken an active interest in  cutting off the flow of funding to terrorists and other illicit actors.   I am very pleased to say that many of my colleagues, Democratic and  Republican, have likewise approached this work with the deliberate and  relentless sense of purpose that has lifted us above the petty  squabbling that sometimes causes us to fall short of the high  expectations of the American people.   Over the years, this work has taken me dozens of times to many  countries in the Middle East, to Amman, Jordan, a major banking center,  where members of our committee urged and assisted that nation to  establish its first financial intelligence unit. It must, of course, be  noted that we had the robust and earnest cooperation of King Abdullah  of Jordan in that effort. He is someone who, I believe, has, over the  years, been the greatest friend that freedom-loving people have in the  Arab world.    Members of this committee also worked to expand geographic targeting  orders to help the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network crack down on  money laundering as part of the Countering America's Adversaries  Through Sanctions Act.   Similarly, in Afghanistan, Morocco, Tunisia, and throughout the  Persian Gulf, our committee has coaxed and guided our international  neighbors to adopt methods that secure the legitimate banking system  from terrorists and criminal exploitation.   From this work it has recently become clear to Mr. Budd and myself  that terrorists and criminal actors are increasingly relying on digital  currencies, including bitcoin, to fund their illicit activities.   For example, in August of 2015, a Virginia man was sentenced to 11  years in prison for providing material support to ISIS. He admitted to  using Twitter to provide instructions on how to use bitcoin to mask the  transfer of funds to that terrorist group. Also, in December of 2017, a  woman in New York was indicted for bank fraud and money laundering for  supporting terrorists. She is alleged to have spent about $62,000 in  digital currency to engage in a pattern of financial activity designed  to ultimately benefit ISIS.   I am very pleased that the legislation before us today helps address  this emerging threat in multiple ways.    As my friend, Mr. Budd, has noted, this bill establishes a  public-private sector task force to research terrorist and criminal  uses of new financial technologies, including digital currencies, and  then develops countermeasures to thwart such terrorist and illicit  uses.   The bill also establishes a fund to pay rewards to people who provide  information leading to the conviction of an individual involved with  terrorist use of digital currencies.   Finally, the bill creates a grant program for the development of  tools and pilot programs to detect terrorist and illicit use of digital  currencies.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I thank the chairman and ranking member, as  well as my Republican cosponsor, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr.  Budd) and urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this  important legislation.   