 Madam President, I rise today to discuss the legislation  before us, known as the VA MISSION Act of 2018--a significant change  for the healthcare delivery system at the Department of Veterans  Affairs.   The VA MISSION Act passed the House of Representatives last week and  is scheduled to be voted on in the Senate in the coming days. The bill  is a result of months of negotiations and discussions between  stakeholders, the administration, and the House and Senate Veterans'  Affairs Committees, of which I am a member.   While I appreciate the hard work of those involved, unfortunately,  the final legislation is not something that I am able to support.  Before I get into my concerns about the bill and what I believe to be  its fatal flaws, I want to acknowledge that there is a host of good  provisions in here that I do support.   The one on the forefront of many minds is the caregivers program  expansion. The caregivers program, a program that gives support and  assistance to certain veterans so they can receive home healthcare by a  family member, has always been limited to post-9/11 veterans. However,  there are many pre-9/11 veterans' family members who do the same work  as a caregiver recipient but are not compensated for that work. This  program is more cost effective over the long term than an alternative  long-term care accommodation. It is due time for this expansion to  occur for all families.   I also support section 101, paragraph (a), which expands extended  care services, such as nursing home care, through the community care  program. It is similar to a bill I introduced with the senior Senator  from North Dakota, the Veterans Access to Long Term Care and Health  Services Act. This provision will allow long-term care services to more  easily work with the VA in serving veterans.   Further, section 101, paragraph (k) of the VA MISSION Act establishes  in law that a veteran shall not pay a greater amount for receiving care  or services outside of the VA, compared to receiving care at a VA  facility. It is similar to the Veterans Equal Cost for Care Act, which  I introduced in Congress last year. This section makes certain that  veterans will know that VA policy will not change in this regard and  that the VA will not place additional financial barriers for veterans  to access care outside of the VA at a private provider in an effort to  incentivize in-house VA care.   Last, section 101, paragraph (d)(1)(D) of this bill, along with  section 104, requires the VA to develop appropriate access standards  when seeking healthcare. However, I remain concerned that the VA will  not implement it properly.   If the VA implements access standards similar to TRICARE, which is  the health program at the Department of Defense, then, these sections  could be good for veterans.   Let me get into my concerns with the bill. This bill makes  significant changes to the 40-mile rule under the Choice Program, and I  am concerned that it puts our rural veterans in jeopardy.   The Choice Act, which Congress passed in 2014, before I took office,  allowed all veterans who live 40 or more miles from a VA facility to  receive care at a local, private hospital or clinic. Under the VA  MISSION Act, this provision will end for all veterans except those in  the top five rural States after 2 years.   When the Choice Act was first enacted, giving rural veterans the  option to receive care in their communities, rather than at a VA  facility, they overwhelmingly chose to stay close to home and receive  private care. They voted with their feet.   Because of the law, many are getting better local, private care. I  believe veterans who use this type of eligibility successfully today  ought to be able to use this program in the future, no matter which  State he or she is from.   In fact, these concerns were addressed when the original legislation  was crafted in the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, and all veterans  who use the Choice Program today were grandfathered into being able to  use the 40-mile rule in perpetuity. Unfortunately, the proposal agreed  to in committee is not the one in front of us today.   I understand that the number crunchers did the math and concluded  that the bill discussed in committee was too expensive and they didn't  want to pay this much for the care of our veterans. So the provision I  offered was cut down significantly to be limited to the top five rural  States, including my own State of South Dakota.   While South Dakota was fortunate to be a part of the top five States,  this country has many rural States and many rural veterans who rely on  the Choice Program's 40-mile eligibility to get their healthcare.   There are roughly 750,000 eligible 40-mile veterans across the United  States. Of this portion, a little less than half, or 330,000 veterans,  have used this eligibility to receive healthcare.   In just 2 years, many of these veterans will no longer be eligible to  receive care outside the VA system based on the 40-mile rule alone, as  they do today. Instead, more veterans will have to work through more  gatekeepers and review processes to get their community care request  granted, if it is granted at all.   Just as important is the way in which 40-mile-eligible veterans  receive community care. Currently, when a rural, 40-mile veteran wants  community care, they get community care. There are little, if any,  barriers to access community care today. The VA can't decide for the  veteran where he or she should get the care. The veteran is in total  control of their care. There are no reviews, gatekeepers, or  consultations. The veteran just goes.   Under the VA MISSION Act, as it stands today, a VA clinician acts as  a gatekeeper for the veteran. Section 101, paragraph (d)(2) states that  a VA employee must consider certain criteria, some of which are  peculiar to a rural veteran, when consulting with a veteran on where  the veteran should go for healthcare. ``Consider'' is not a very tough  or obligatory word, and it leaves a lot of leeway for our Washington  bureaucrats to write rules in a way that may not put the care of our  veterans above all else.   My concern here is that when this bill is signed into law, rules are  going to start to be written, and the number crunchers are going to  influence every rule to meet the bare minimum of the required language.   Just in case anyone is interested in an example, let me briefly  remind the Chamber that the original Choice Act intended to provide  community care to veterans who live 40 miles or more from a VA  facility. How was that rule initially written? Community care was based  on 40 miles as the crow flies. That is right--as the crow flies. It  took intense pressure from the veterans organizations and Congress to  amend that rule to be based on driving distance, or better known as the  way almost every veteran travels to a VA facility.   Why was that rule written to determine community care as the crow  flies? Cost. Cost and nothing more. The VA wrote the rule in a manner  that complied with the bare minimum requirements of the law but not  with the spirit of the law. The VA did not write the rule in a way that  was in line with the way a normal veteran would access community care.  By writing the rule this way, the VA was able to restrict community  care access to veterans to control cost.   With so much ambiguity in the language as it is currently written, my  fear is that the same cost-first mentality will be used once this bill  is signed into law. We believe veterans should be in full control of  their healthcare, not a bureaucrat.   Additionally, under the Choice Act, the access standards have been  clear when it comes to the 30-day rule. It states that if you wait  longer than 30 days, you can use a private provider, period. Under the  VA MISSION Act, the standards are fluid, and the cut-and-dry 30-day  standard goes away. We know that this has been a widely used metric for  veterans' eligibility to receive care outside the VA. In fact, since  the Choice Act began in November of 2014, there has been roughly 1.4  [[Page S2826]]  million instances in which a veteran has been authorized for care  outside of the VA based on the 30-day rule.   Under the VA MISSION Act, there will be a new review process for  veterans who request to receive care outside the VA system, based on  meeting an access standard which has yet to be written. Again, if the  VA implements these access standards like TRICARE, this could be good  for veterans. But whether that happens is subject to rulemaking and  cost constraints.   Finally, I am concerned about title II of this bill, which is the  asset and infrastructure review provision that paves the way for what  is essentially a VA BRAC that could close out some of our most  vulnerable VA facilities, particularly in rural areas. I know that my  friend and colleague from West Virginia was just expressing some of the  same concerns. Of particular concern is a provision that would seek to  neutralize appropriations language that prohibits the VA from reducing  services in the Veterans Integrated Services Network 23 unless a series  of important criteria are made.   For years, the VA has incrementally sought to close the Hot Springs  campus in my home State of South Dakota. The VA has not conducted its  due diligence in deliberating over the future of the Hot Springs  campus, which provides veterans from three States and Indian Country  healthcare. This is a pocket of rural America where few healthcare  options exist.   This VA BRAC provision puts VA facilities like the one we have in Hot  Springs in jeopardy. The Hot Springs VA facility has consistently been  named one of the top VA facilities in the entire United States. If we  are truly putting the care of our veterans before all else, we should  be propping up facilities that have a track record of delivering  timely, high-quality care to our veterans.   With the asset and infrastructure review provision in this bill, I  worry about the future of rural VA facilities such as Hot Springs. More  importantly, I am concerned about our rural veterans' access to  adequate care, including mental health services, should these vital  facilities be closed in the future.   Some have been saying that even though the provision is in there, the  VA has provided assurances that places like Hot Springs are not in  jeopardy, despite the law allowing the agency to review and eventually  close facilities across the Nation if it determines it is necessary.   While the VA has some great employees, including its leadership, I am  reluctant to consent to the BRAC process because the appropriations  language requirements are what I view as due diligence by the VA before  any decision is made on the closing of campuses like those in Hot  Springs. In this particular case, the asset and infrastructure review  language intends to neutralize that appropriations language, and I will  not support that path forward.   At the end of the day, all we can count on is what we have enacted  through legislation, and this bill clearly allows for the VA BRAC to  occur.   My decision to oppose the VA MISSION Act is not one that I have made  lightly. I recognize the many good provisions in this bill that would  go a long way toward improving care for our Nation's veterans. I also  want to recognize the hard work that went into the final package. I  particularly want to thank Chairman Isakson, our Senate Veterans'  Affairs chairman, for making a truly honest effort to address the ideas  and concerns of all the committee members, including my concerns, which  were reflected when we passed our bill out of committee earlier this  year. Unfortunately, those concerns were not included in the final  package. That said, the fight is not over.   Even though we expect the VA MISSION Act to pass the Senate and be  signed into law before Memorial Day, there will be plenty of work to do  as the law is being implemented. I will continue working with my  colleagues, the administration, veterans groups across the State, and  other stakeholders to keep a close watch on the VA's implementation of  the VA MISSION Act to make certain the agency is putting the proper  care of our veterans above all else.   Now, this is something that you never hear in this body, but this is  an instance in which I would be happy to be wrong in my assessment. In  fact, I challenge the VA to prove me wrong. We were close to having a  really good bill with the VA MISSION Act by expanding the caregivers  program to pre-9/11 veterans, by expanding community care to include  community services, and in providing payment protections to rural vets  so they will not pay a greater amount for using community care than  they would for care at a VA facility, just to name a few.   I would have happily voted for any of these provisions as separate  measures, and I am grateful that our veterans will greatly benefit from  them.   I had hoped to get a place in the final bill where my concerns would  be able to be fixed, but at the end of the day, my concerns outweigh  the good, and I have to vote no.   I have the privilege of serving on both the Senate Veterans' Affairs  Committee and the Senate Armed Services Committee, and I cannot tell my  colleagues what an honor it is to fight every day to make sure that our  servicemembers and veterans receive the tools and the care they so  clearly deserve. They make incredible sacrifices so that we can be  free. We have a responsibility to take care of them when their service  is complete. I look forward to continuing to work to fulfill that  responsibility.   Thank you, Madam President.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   