 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Waters for contriving  this colloquy on Financial Services.   It is my distinct honor to join my colleagues in celebrating this  milestone in recognizing Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur's remarkable record  of service to her constituents, her country, and to every woman in  every corner of this country. I would add, every man and every child.   On the long, dark road to equality, role models are the street lamps  that light the path forward. For the last 35 years, Marcy Kaptur has  been a role model and a source of light for millions of young women and  young men. In other words, even after 35 years in this body, she is  still woke, just like the ranking member.   Ms. Kaptur has championed progress on several important issues:  protecting our water and our air from pollution, protecting consumers  from predatory financial institutions, honoring the incredible  sacrifice of our veterans--we have heard at length her work behind the  World War II Memorial--and supporting working families so they have a  fair shot in this economy.   But it is very much possible, and I would say very much probable,  that her greatest accomplishment has not yet been realized. I am  confident this Chamber will someday be filled with women--someday  soon--who are inspired to run for Congress by the longest serving woman  in history.   Marcy has taught me the value and the way to fight for the little  guy. I remember this one moment on a Sunday evening when I was catching  a few hours of a television show. I have very little time to watch TV,  but I had a moment to watch the John Oliver show. I don't even think  Marcy knew that she was the subject of that evening's broadcast. I will  just briefly say that it was about John Oliver totally disgusted by the  way little poultry farmers had been put at a disadvantage by the way we  had rigged the rules here in Washington.   Marcy was the hero of the show when they showed her standing at a  podium much like this in the Appropriations Committee room trying to  unrig the law so it was not so unfair to these poultry farmers. I  remember her so passionately standing there saying: All these people  want to do is earn an honest living.   I felt that deep in my gut. Here was a Congresswoman standing up for  the little guy against the big corporations.   John Oliver whipped the national audience into such a fervor, they  were so angry when they saw this happen, and here was Marcy standing up  for them. He then accused all the people who rigged the rules, who were  defending the rigged rules, of having--I can't even speak about what he  said on the floor of the House. I urge you to go see it for yourself. I  think you will be quite entertained.    I was so excited, the next morning, on Monday, I saw Marcy on the  floor and I said: Marcy, you were great on this show.   She said: What happened?   Then I explained to her. I said: You need to put this on your  Facebook page. You are going to get hundreds of thousands of new  followers. You need to put this on your website.   But her first concern was this. She said: Oh, I heard the John Oliver  show uses bad language.   That typifies Marcy Kaptur: decent, collegial.   Marcy has taught me many important lessons about the value of this  institution. I know she loves the Congress. I know she loves this House  of Representatives and wants to uphold the mores, uphold the norms,  norms that are so important in a democracy: it is important to be  civil; it is important to speak in ways that are respectful.   Marcy serves as that example to me. It is not just the surface  niceties, but the deep values of standing up for the little guy against  the big corporations and defending the American Dream for everybody.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Marcy for her service, and I look forward to  serving with her many more years.   