 Madam Present, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Will the Senator yield for a UC?    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that at the  conclusion of the remarks by the Senator from New Jersey, I be  recognized as in morning business for as much time as I shall consume.    Mr. President, arguably, the most significant bill to be  introduced and passed every year is the National Defense Authorization  Act. Yesterday, the leader moved to proceed to that bill, but then  there was some objection. Senator Reed and I have spent some time and  have been very concerned about getting this started. We passed this out  of committee in record time and share the commitment that this bill is  a matter fitting for the Senate's deliberative process. We want to have  an amendment process, and we proposed this, but there was some  objection to it yesterday.   I think an open legislative process is one of the hallmarks of the  democracy that we ask our servicemembers to protect and defend. They  are out there on the line. We owe them everything that is in an annual  bill. In fact, that bill has actually been passed every year. For the  past 57 years, we have had a national defense authorization act. What  we wanted to do this time, which would have been different from the  last time, was to have had an open amendment process--heard a lot of  amendments and had a lot of discussion on the floor. We intended to do  that but were disappointed that there was an objection to that  yesterday. That is why we have been working on satisfying those  objections, and I think we have done this.   I believe, by 12 noon or after the 12:30 vote, we are going to be in  a position to go ahead and ask that the majority leader restate his  motion to proceed and that it will be passed without objection. I am  looking forward to that. I think we need to get started. I don't need  to go into the arguments, as others are waiting for the floor right  now, but we want to get this bill started immediately.   It is not just to make sure we have the pay raises for our kids who  are out there risking their lives, and it is not just that we have to  keep up with the commitments we have made. We have gone through some  dry years over the last 10 years. When I go around the country and talk  to groups, there is this assumption that America has the best of  everything, but that is not true anymore. That is one reason there is a  sense of urgency on this.   Take artillery, for example. The two things you use to measure the  artillery capability of a country are those of range and rapid fire,  and we are out-ranged and out-rapid fired by both Russia and China.  They have other systems that are better than ours.   Right now, one of the most modern systems is hypersonic warfare. A  lot of people are not aware of this, but it allows us to go five times  the speed of sound with a weapon. We have been developing this for some  time. However, now we have found out that both Russia and China have  been ahead of us on this. This bill is going to put us in high gear and  make sure this development actually happens.   Our triad system, our nuclear triad, is also one on which we have not  been doing anything for the last 8 or 10 years, and now Russia and  China have gotten ahead. This is something we are not going to  tolerate.   We have the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for  Fiscal Year 2019, and we are going to get to it today. I will mention  that we are actually hoping for a couple of amendments to take place  this afternoon. These have to be agreed to and have been agreed to by  both sides. Boozman amendment No. 2276 is a study to suggest the  permanent stationing of our troops in Poland. The second one is the  McCain fellowship amendment, by Senator Reed, amendment No. 2284.   I, and I am sure Senator Reed--I speak for him too--would like to get  [[Page S3274]]  started on some amendments today instead of waiting around until  Monday. Doing so will put us a lot further ahead than we otherwise  would be. Our anticipation is to get this thing done by next week, and  I think we can do it.   I thank those who had some objection to moving to this bill. I very  much appreciate their working with us. I think it will be completed,  and I anticipate that the majority leader will have a motion that he  will make after the 12:30 p.m. vote today.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  resume legislative session and resume consideration of the motion to  proceed to H.R. 5515; further, that the motion be agreed to and Senator  Inhofe--myself--or his designee be recognized to offer the substitute  amendment, No. 2282, which is the text of the Senate-reported bill. I  further ask that it be in order for Senator Boozman or his designee to  call up amendment No. 2276 and for Senator Reed or his designee to call  up amendment No. 2284 and that the amendments be debated concurrently,  with the time equally divided until 2 p.m.; finally, that at 2 p.m.,  the Senate vote in relation to the Boozman and Reed amendments, in the  order listed, with no second-degree amendments in order to the  amendments prior to the votes.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, first of  all, I agree with Senator Paul's amendment and have agreed with his  amendment, and I have made it very clear for a long period of time.  Procedurally, I want to get to it, and it is my intention to have a  vote on it. That will have to come after we are on the bill. We need to  get on the bill first.   So I do object.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  resume legislative session and resume consideration of the motion to  proceed to H.R. 5515. I further ask that notwithstanding rule XXII, the  Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to  H.R. 5515 at 1:45 p.m. today.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Matthew  Starr, a fellow in Senator McCain's office, and Daniel Glickstein, a  fellow at the Armed Services Committee, be given floor privileges for  the remainder of the consideration of the National Defense  Authorization Act.   