 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business.    Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to  recognize Rex Buffington, who is retiring next year after 30 years as  the executive director of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service  Leadership.   Mr. Buffington had a tall order to fill in 1988 when he was named the  first executive director of the newly created Stennis Center. This  native of Meridian had been selected by John Stennis himself,  demonstrating the confidence the Senator must have had in the young  man. After all, the center would bear Stennis' name and would be  located at his alma mater, Mississippi State University. The center  would be a living tribute to his 41-year career in the Senate, which is  still one of the longest in our Nation's history.   Under Rex Buffington's leadership and guidance, the Stennis Center  has fulfilled its purpose as set forth by Congress. The center was  established by statute for the purpose of ``promoting public service as  a career choice'' and providing training and education to State and  local leaders, congressional staff, and students.   As part of the legislative branch, the Stennis Center is subject to  annual oversight, and it has always proved its value. A major success  of the center--and no doubt a credit to its longevity--is the reach of  its leadership development programs. The center truly offers something  for everyone, whether that person be a student body president, a Hill  intern, a veteran staffer, or a Member of Congress.   One of the center's best known programs is the Congressional Staff  Fellows Program, which counts among its alumni hundreds of senior level  staffers. These chiefs of staff, staff directors, and legislative  directors--representing different political parties, different parts of  the country, and both congressional Chambers--are given the opportunity  to discuss the challenges facing Congress and how it can work better  for the American people. Through this important dialogue, the program  not only brings a wealth of talent to the table but also opens the door  to future collaboration between staffers who might otherwise never have  met.   Rex Buffington is also a key supporter of the Stennis-Montgomery  Association, a collaboration between the Stennis Center and the G.V.  ``Sonny'' Montgomery Foundation, named after another graduate of  Mississippi State University. The association encourages greater  political participation among a group of MSU students of all  backgrounds and academic disciplines. When these students visit  Washington, I never fail to meet with them, and I never fail to be  impressed.   Another of the center's signature events is the annual Southern Women  in Political Service Conference. Since 1991, the conference has brought  together a diverse group of women in politics to learn new skills and  make new connections. Rex was certainly ahead of his time in  recognizing the need to bring more women to the table as important  policy decisions are made at every level of government.   Rex learned firsthand from the ``Senator's Senator,'' as Senator  Stennis was known, that a good mentor can have a profound impact on a  young leader's career. He created the Emerging Leaders Program to  connect senior congressional staff with those still early in their  careers--a nod to Senator Stennis' legacy of lending his time and  wisdom to new lawmakers.   In keeping with Senator Stennis' support for our Armed Forces,  culminating in his role as chairman of the Armed Services Committee,  Rex Buffington implemented initiatives to recognize military leaders  and give them opportunities to speak directly with Members of Congress,  often on an informal basis. As part of this initiative, I was  privileged to cohost a series of meetings with Senator Reed to bring  together Members of this body and senior members of the military.   Rex Buffington and his staff of eight--four in Starkville and four in  Washington--have encouraged young Americans to take part in their  communities and their government. This small but mighty team has helped  to build productive working relationships and lasting friendships  between Democrats and Republicans, House and Senate staffers, and those  at different stages in their careers. The Senate and House are better  because of Rex Buffington and the Stennis Center. Our work product is  better. Many of my colleagues would agree, and I mention in particular  my friend, Senator Coons from Delaware, who served with me on the  center's board of trustees. It is my understanding that Senator Coons  may be submitting remarks for the Record in honor of Rex's career.   I have no doubt that retirement will bring more opportunities for Rex  to serve the Starkville community and to spend time with his wife,  Anne, and their two children, John Gavin and Catherine. He certainly  will not sit still in retirement. I offer this unsung hero, Rex  Buffington, my sincere thanks for making the Stennis Center what it is  today, and I wish him all the best in his next chapter.   