 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Arrington for his  friendship. One of the things I get asked all the time as a freshman  is: What is it like in Congress? Do you actually know people on the  other side?  [[Page H7912]]    I always say that, actually, one of my closest friends in Congress is  Jodey Arrington. I really value the friendship we have formed, that our  families have formed, much at his initiative. I mean, he struck up a  conversation with my wife, and he has been so gracious as we have had  our own family.   It is one of the things I have enjoyed most about our class, to have  relationships that transcend the rancor and the partisanship. You get  to know people and know that everyone, in their own way, cares about  the country, and there are things that we can do in common.   I so admire Mr. Arrington's leadership from day one on term limits  and trying to find common ground on making sure that this is an issue  that isn't partisan, that you can be a Democrat, a Libertarian, a  Republican, and still have a belief in what Thomas Jefferson said, that  we should live under the laws that we make.   I still have a belief that these jobs weren't supposed to be a  career. They were supposed to be ones that were inspired out of  answering the Nation's call to service and then returning home to your  community.   I also want to recognize my friend  Mike Gallagher, recognize, of  course, his extraordinary service to our Nation as a marine, but also  his desire to cross the aisle. I was honored to host him in Stanford,  where he had great ideas on cybersecurity. I know Mr. Gallagher has  been championing political reform, term limits, and is sincere about  wanting to see progress.   Brian Fitzpatrick left, but I have a soft spot for Brian because we  are both Bucks County kids. We grew up in Bucks County, and Brian is  relentless, as Jodey Arrington has pointed out. We had that meeting  with the President, and Brian would chime in and challenge the  President whenever he wanted to push further for term limits, in a  respectful way, but wanting to really advocate for this issue as the  most important issue.   So I am really honored to work with Representative Arrington,  Representative Fitzpatrick, and Representative Gallagher on this. They  have made most of the points. I will just add a few more.   Representative Gallagher referenced the Economist article, which I  was shocked to see, where they had the turnover rate of European  monarchies. They showed that the turnover rate of the United States  Congress was less than European monarchies. I thought that is why we  fought a revolution, that we didn't believe in dynastic rule. We didn't  believe that people should just be in power for decade after decade.   Yet, the incumbent reelection rate remains at 95 or 98 percent. And  you wonder, you say, how is it possible that our approval ratings are  at 10 percent as a body, and yet 95 or 98 percent are getting  reelected?   Sometimes, when I talk to friends, I say, it is as if there is a  company that is going bankrupt and all the presidents and vice  presidents are fighting over who gets to be CEO.   Sometimes I think that is what the American people think. We are here  fighting about who gets control, who gets to chair a committee, and the  institution isn't working.   They are saying: Why don't the men and women fix the institution  first? That is what term limits will do. I have seen it in my own  class. I have seen how people of both sides of the aisle--and let's not  be Pollyannaish about it. We probably vote differently on 95 percent of  the issues. But I have seen that people in this class have come here  with a sense of wanting to restore our democracy, of trying to fix  something and make it functional, because we all heard that out on the  campaign trail.   I get the loudest applause in one of the most liberal districts when  I talk about working on legislation with a Republican like we did on  the VALOR Act or writing an op-ed together and reaching across the  aisle. That is what people are hungry for.   I believe that, if you have term limits and if you take the careerism  out of it and if people know they are going to have about a decade to  have an impact, you are going to encourage more efforts to find that  common ground, more efforts to be willing to compromise when it makes  sense for the Nation to look for some overlap in issues.   So I am committed to this. I really respect Jodey, again, in his  leadership in pursuing this. It is not easy to make change, and a lot  of times, after we do one of these things, it is easy to say: Okay. It  is out in the press. We have had a meeting. We made the point.   But Mr. Arrington has been so persistent about getting us back  together, continuing to fight for this, and I echo the call that we  should have a vote on the House floor, whoever the Speaker is, to make  sure that the American people have their voices heard, and we can get a  vote on term limits.   