 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk, and I  rise to speak in support of the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, today, I offer an amendment to prevent a  person from operating an unmanned aircraft or an unmanned aircraft  system in the national airspace if that aircraft is equipped or armed  with a dangerous weapon, unless that equipment is authorized by the  Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration. I have introduced  this important language as the No Armed Drones Act since the 112th  Congress.   In 2015, an 18-year-old in Connecticut built a multirotor drone  mounted with a .45-caliber semiautomatic handgun capable of firing live  ammunition while flying. This individual demonstrated how easy it was  for a private citizen to create and operate an armed drone in his  YouTube video entitled ``Flying Gun.''   Police did not arrest this person, saying that no violation of law  had occurred. According to the then-chief of police in Clinton,  Connecticut, where the drone video was made, this appeared to be a case  of technology surpassing current legislation.   In response to this and other drone incidents, government agencies  are developing counter-drone technology to redirect rogue drones.  Police say their greatest fear, with the increase in the use of  recreational drones, is their weaponization. In addition, North Dakota  has allowed law enforcement to fly drones armed with ``less than  lethal'' weapons since 2015, something many in law enforcement say they  are not comfortable doing.   The use of drones for regular business operations is increasing, and  that is a good thing. Farmers use drones to inspect their crops,  security companies use drones to conduct surveillance over guarded  properties, home repair companies use drones to assess damage on  structures, and drones are even beginning to be used for home delivery  services. While these abilities may prove convenient to our daily  lives, we must not let the civilian applications of drone technology  advance to weaponization.   Outside of the United States, terrorist groups in the Middle East  have used small drones as weapons. There is real concern that homegrown  extremists in the United States could do the same thing. It is  imperative that we take steps to protect the public before death by  armed drone becomes a headline.   There is no statute in the United States Code that affirmatively  states that an unmanned aircraft system may not be used in the national  airspace as a weapon. This amendment today protects the public from  drones that have been weaponized, both lethal and nonlethal, by private  citizens by preventing a person from flying an armed drone in the  national airspace without FAA authorization. A person who violates this  requirement may be fined a civil penalty of up to $25,000 per violation  under the statute.   I offer this language as an amendment to the FAA Reauthorization Act  of 2018 in order to align current legislation with available  technology. It is time we take a preemptive, rather than a reactive,  step to protect all Americans.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank the gentleman for calling this Special Order hour to honor the  life and legacy of his constituent, Barbara Pierce Bush, whom we lost  last week. I am certainly proud to stand with my colleague from Texas  to honor the life and the legacy of our former First Lady Barbara Bush.    From Rye, New York, to west Texas, to the West Wing, Mrs. Bush served  her family and her country with integrity, strength, and grace. She,  indeed, was a member of the Greatest Generation and spent her life in  service to others.   It is incredible to reflect. She was only the second woman in our  Nation's history to be both the wife and the mother of a United States  President. Mrs. Bush joined Abigail Adams in an exclusive club of those  who have advised our Nation's Chief Executives long before they reached  the Oval Office.   In her capacity as First Lady, Mrs. Bush used her influence to enact  positive change. Although her name was never on a ballot, the American  people chose Mrs. Bush as a leader and as a role model.   Just yesterday, the Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee marked up  more than 50 bills that offer solutions to what is currently a  significant crisis in our country dealing with deaths caused by  opioids, a devastating epidemic that has touched literally every  neighborhood in our Nation. Combating this crisis requires not only  legislation, but compassion and understanding.   But years ago, in her work to help the most vulnerable, Mrs. Bush  epitomized such compassion. I actually mentioned this at the start of  yesterday's markup in committee. A significant part of Mrs. Bush's  legacy will always be her simple embrace of a child with HIV/AIDS at a  clinic at a time when the illness was not well understood and, I dare  say, the illness was feared by most people in the country. This simple  act, this simple embrace, to reach out and pick up a child at an HIV/ AIDS clinic, helped to destigmatize HIV/AIDS in American culture. It  was a seemingly small, but a powerful, gesture in 1989.   Then Mrs. Bush paved the way for acceptance of patients with HIV/ AIDS, their families, and they were moved out of the shadows and could  begin to look at treatment options. The world is vastly different today  for the patient with HIV/AIDS because of that simple act of compassion  evidenced by Mrs. Bush.   As Congress now considers how best to end the opioid crisis and other  human dignity issues before us, I hope we can remember and follow Mrs.  Bush's unwavering dedication to always do what is right.   I am certainly proud to join my fellow Texan from Houston honoring  his constituent tonight and expressing our condolences to former  President George H.W. Bush and the rest of the Bush family and  celebrating the wonderful life of former First Lady Barbara Pierce  Bush.   