 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Chabot for his leadership  for the part of our country that is the engine of our economy, small  businesses, of which 47 percent of our American workers are a part. So  we appreciate his leadership.   I also want to thank the ranking member for her support of this bill.  I appreciate the bipartisan effort to get this bill done. In fact, they  both summarized the benefits of this bill very well.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4754, the Change  Order Transparency for Federal Contractors Act.   This bill is a commonsense, preventative measure designed to protect  small businesses from loss by providing them with critical information  up front, prior to submitting a bid on a Federal construction project.  Ultimately, and this is the bottom line, this legislation is about the  Federal Government paying its bills on time.   Currently, small businesses are flying blind. Before they bid, they  have no knowledge of an agency's change order process or history of  payment. Construction is an inherently complex industry that inevitably  requires changes to the original plan. Construction contractors must  deal with this inevitability, but without knowledge of their customer's  business practices, they cannot formulate accurate offers or  sufficiently plan their operations prior to bidding. As a result, they  may unknowingly place their business in jeopardy by working with an  agency with a poor track record of timely payment.   This is not a hypothetical problem. In our committee, we have heard  businesses over and over again go through this problem. We have to  address it. Actual businesses should not have to worry about being paid  by the Federal Government on time.   While large contractors may have the resources and capital to absorb  some of the loss, small businesses struggle to stay afloat as they wait  for payment. In addition to financing the cost of the changed work,  small businesses are forced to pay their own bills while waiting for  the agency to act. This includes payroll, material costs, and even  taxes. This problem is compounded and made even worse for small  subcontractors, who are often the last in line to receive payment.   H.R. 4754 will provide prospective Federal construction contractors  and subcontractors with the information they need prior to submitting a  bid. Agencies would be required to publish, as part of their  solicitation, detailed information about their change order processes  and timely payment data. This information could preserve the role of  small contractors as part of our industrial base by making Federal  contracts more attractive to small businesses and make the process more  competitive. A more competitive bidding process for Federal contractors  would benefit both small businesses and taxpayers.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense  legislation.   