 Madam President, I listened to the distinguished Senator  from Illinois. The Democrats never do anything wrong, do they? They are  always right. I have to tell you, they do a lot of things that are  wrong, and they are not always right. And this is a situation where  they have literally pushed everybody in this country into the corner.  Republicans want to do DACA. They want to take care of these young  people. They have even interfered with that. I could go on and on.   All I can say is, I get a little sick of hearing some of these  arguments that are made like they are holier than thou. They are not  holier than thou; they are more political than thou.   I think it is time that we work together and get some things done  here that make a difference in people's lives and especially in these  young DACA kids' lives. We can do that, but we can't do it by just  Democrats saying: Well, we are just going to give them everything they  want. We are not going to worry about U.S. laws or immigration laws or  anything else, for that matter.   It is incredible to me. I have put up with this all these years in  the Senate, and they get away with it because the media in this country  is primarily focused on them and basically supports them. And they  admit it. That is the thing that is really mind-boggling--the media  admits it. And the reason they do is because they know they would be  laughed out of town if they didn't admit it.   All I can say is, we have a desire to resolve these problems in a  reasonable and good manner. The majority leader has indicated that time  after time. Politics always takes preference with our friends on the  other side. They are good at it. They are really good at it, even  though, if you really look at the  [[Page S318]]  facts and you look behind what they are saying, it is a lot of bunk.  Not all--I have worked with really top-notch Democrats in this body to  do some of the most important legislation in this country's history  when they were willing to sit down and really work with you. But  politics rears its ugly head almost every time in such a way that it is  almost impossible to get anything done around here. I have to admit, we  have some on our side who fit that mode, as well.   I just wish we could do a better job. There are some of us who would  do a better job if we knew that there was a way of bringing both sides  together.   Having said that, we are now just a few hours away from a government  shutdown, unless, of course, enough Senators can find a way to come  together in order to avert it. Unfortunately, it appears that our  Democratic colleagues would prefer a shutdown to compromise. The  Democrats have activists and pundits cheering for that result. They  have their Members in line to vote against the alternative. They have  set the stage for a grand demonstration of their commitment.   But for the life of me, I can't see what they are committed to with  this latest gesture to their political base. First of all, most of them  don't object to the substance of the House-passed continuing  resolution. That bill would keep the government open and address a  number of bipartisan healthcare priorities. I don't know any Democrats  who are against those. I am sure there may be some, but the rest of  them, I think, are pretty much for it.   The bill before us includes what would be the longest extension of  the Children's Health Insurance Program in history. CHIP has given  children and their families access to quality healthcare. Maybe I have  a right to speak on CHIP since I am the author of the CHIP bill and I  believe in it. I believe it has done so much good for our young people  in this society. I really resent it being played politics with all the  time, which our friends on the other side just can't resist.   CHIP has given children and their families access to quality  healthcare coverage for over two decades. It was founded on the belief  that the health of our future is too important to be dragged down by  the political bickering of the present. Approximately 9 million  children depend on this critical program. It is important to me. After  several months of uncertainty, those 9 million children deserve the  peace of mind that comes with a long-term CHIP extension.   As I noted here on the floor the other day, as chairman of the  Finance Committee, I have been working with my Democratic counterparts  on a bipartisan CHIP extension bill for months now. The committee's  ranking member, Senator Wyden, and I introduced our initial bill  earlier, last fall. That bill would have reauthorized CHIP for 5 years.  It was promptly reported out of the Finance Committee with near- unanimous support. Then the Democrats decided to pretend that bill  never existed.   As we worked through a crowded legislative calendar at the end of  last year, my colleagues were well aware that efforts to reauthorize  CHIP were ongoing. Yet many of our colleagues accused Republicans of  neglecting vulnerable children.   I was leading the fight as one of the leading Republicans, as  chairman of the Finance Committee, the author of the original bill, the  one who has always voted for it. I just want a bill that works and not  the political brouhaha that it always becomes whenever some of the  Democrats think they can score some political points. The attacks on  this front were fierce and usually high volume. I was personally  attacked by colleagues in committee, here on the floor, and in the  media. All kinds of vitriol was thrown in my direction both here in the  Senate and out in the political intelligentsia. No one needs to worry  about me, Madam President. I can take it and throw it right back, if it  is necessary. But for months, colleagues have been coming to the floor  or going on TV--pretty much anywhere with a camera--to accuse  Republicans of wanting to take away health insurance for vulnerable  children. Total BS. Yet they do it all the time because they, with  their friends in the media, know they can get away with it in spite of  the wrong they are doing.   Throughout all of this time, they conveniently neglected to mention  that bipartisan efforts with regard to CHIP were moving forward, even  though they clearly knew that such was the case. In fact, one of the  harshest critics was an original cosponsor of our bill and a Senator  who voted in support of our bill in committee.   This new bill before us would reauthorize CHIP for 6 years--something  that has never been done before. A 6-year extension would be the  largest and longest in the history of the program. We had already done  that in the Finance Committee. In all other respects, the bill is  identical to the one the Finance Committee reported with broad  bipartisan support.   So where are our colleagues today? Is Senator Wyden, who coauthored  the committee's CHIP bill, prepared to vote for an even longer  extension of the CHIP program? Apparently not. Are other Democrats on  the Finance Committee, including those who publicly touted their  support for the committee bill, prepared to vote for this extension?  Apparently not. What about those Senate Democrats--both on and off the  Finance Committee--who have been on their own righteous crusades with  respect to CHIP? Are they prepared to vote for it today? Apparently  not.   What has changed? Do they oppose something in the broader bill? No.  Most Democrats have supported the other healthcare elements in the  package, including delays on the medical device tax, the health  insurance tax, and the so-called Cadillac tax from ObamaCare. The bill  would accomplish those goals as well. Think about that.   What about the Democrats? Have they championed those causes? Are they  prepared to vote in favor of this bill? Apparently not. The question  is, Why? Why are Democrats willing to filibuster this continuing  resolution and shut down the government? What crazy, rightwing fantasy  have we inserted into the bill? Of course I am being sarcastic. There  is really nothing wrong with the substance of the bill, or at least  very few of our Democratic colleagues are complaining about what is  actually in the bill. Instead, they are complaining about what is not  in it. The Democrats think they have struck political gold with  immigration this week, so they are holding everything hostage so that  they can stage another ``righteous'' crusade on the floor and in TV  interviews.   It should go without saying that I personally would like to see a  legislative fix for the so-called Dreamers--undocumented immigrants  brought to the United States as children. This is an important matter  that needs to be addressed. Not only are there myriad elements to our  Nation's immigration system that are in dire need of reform,  immigration isn't something that can be solved with a few roundtables  with the President and some quick negotiations behind the scenes. It  certainly isn't something we can or should try to solve under the  threat of an imminent government shutdown. Unless you have been hiding  in a cave or trapped under something very heavy for the past 15 years,  you know that immigration reform--even piecemeal reform--is an  extremely difficult lift. There are Members of both parties willing to  work on this. The President has indicated his willingness as well. But  some don't want to go the reasonable route, so here we are.   I get that there is an adage in this town that no one should let a  good crisis go to waste, and I certainly understand the desire to  strike when a political iron is hot. And in the eyes of most Democrats,  that time is now. However, if they filibuster this legislation, they  will be filibustering authorized funding for the Children's Health  Insurance Program. They will be voting to prevent this bipartisan  effort--the one we have been talking about for years now--from moving  forward; the one they have been harping about for years now from moving  forward.    There is another political adage that goes around this town, one that  horribly misquotes Napoleon. That axiom goes something like this: Never  interrupt your opponent when they are making a mistake. Truthfully, I  don't consider my Democratic colleagues to be my opponents, but a  number of people, unfortunately, view Congress that way.  [[Page S319]]    Setting those semantics aside, by urging my Democratic colleagues to  vote in favor of this bill, I may very well be ignoring Napoleon's  advice. Still, my colleagues have to know that if they vote to block  this legislation, they will unequivocally be voting against a  historically long-term Children's Health Insurance Program extension-- the longest it has ever been, and I have had a lot to do with that.  They will be voting to prolong the very crisis--that is their word, not  mine--that they have been lamenting for the past several months. If  they don't know that, the CHIP's advocates and stakeholders throughout  the country know it, and the families and children who depend on CHIP  will know it as well.   There is no reason for my colleagues to pit their righteous crusade  on immigration against their righteous crusade for CHIP. This is simply  a matter of priorities. Today, the priority should be to keep the  government open and to ensure funding for CHIP well into the future.   As I said, offering my colleagues this advice may amount to stepping  in the way of an opponent's mistake, but the politics on this issue  must stop. The right answer in this case is pretty obvious. The right  vote is one in favor of the House-passed continuing resolution.   I urge all of my colleagues to join me in voting for this bill.   Look, I get so tired of the cheap politics that are played. When they  are played on a bill like CHIP--virtually everybody is going to vote  for it. Everybody agrees with or wants to agree with or has claimed  credit for it. That makes you wonder what is going on.   I think I have the right to speak on this because I am the original  author of CHIP. I wrote the original language. I was the one who got  the committee to go for it. I was the one who went to Ted Kennedy-- representing the Democrats--to come on board, and he did, and it  brought both sides together. I am sure he is up there wondering, what  is the matter with my side down there? And he ought to be.   It hasn't been easy to do all that, but we did it. It works. It has  helped millions of children. It will help 9 million children now. It is  something everybody in this Senate ought to be for and ought to quit  playing games with. Unfortunately, some people think they can score  points by playing games with something like CHIP. It is not only wrong,  it is abysmal.   I love my colleagues. There are some I love more than others, but I  love all of them. I have to say, the ones I love more than others are  those who really are honest and deliberative, who really want to do  what is right while they are here and who are willing to work with  others to get there, who are willing to work in a bipartisan manner to  be able to bring these things to pass.   I understand the differences between the two parties. I understand  the politics that are constantly being played around here. But if we  are going to play politics, play it on something other than CHIP. Play  it on something that deserves the political ramifications. CHIP does  not.   CHIP is something that we all know works and works in the best  interests of our children. It is something that we as Federal employees  can all work on and do, that we go home and feel really good about it  and know we have done something really worthwhile. I can say that  because I am the original author of the CHIP bill, and I have been for  it ever since. I was the one who got Senator Kennedy to come on board  and to help with it, and that brought a lot of Democrats on board, as  well, because if Kennedy was on board, they could be on board. I was  the one who got a lot of Republicans on board, like he was getting  Democrats. In other words, the two of us made this system work--and not  just the two of us but people in the House and other Senators here in  the Senate. A lot of people deserve a lot of credit for the CHIP bill.   Now we are sitting here arguing about something that we shouldn't  have to argue about. It is disappointing to me, and I am disappointed  in the politics that are being played around CHIP. There are better  arguments on other bills than there are on the CHIP bill. Everybody  knows that CHIP is going to pass one way or the other, so naturally our  friends on the other side--maybe even some on our side--want to hang  whatever they can on the CHIP bill, knowing that the American people  want it, that Senators want it, that the House of Representatives has  proven that they want it, and they might be able to score a few  political points.   Well, I want the two leaders to get together and get this matter  resolved, and let's quit playing these silly games that are so often  played around here. I don't mind them maybe on the bills that are  lesser in import and nature, but to do it on the CHIP bill, my gosh, it  is incredible to me.   This is the greatest country in the world, but we do have some really  stupid people representing it from time to time. With that--I probably  have gone too far saying that, but it is true, and it is disappointing  to me.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Maryland.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam President, let me start by agreeing with the  Senator from Utah that we should extend the Children's Health Insurance  Program. We should do it for 6 years. I want to commend the Senator  from Utah for his work in creating the CHIP program, along with Senator  Kennedy. It is good work, and we need to extend it.   We also have an obligation as Senators, on a bipartisan basis, to get  together and put together a budget for the United States of America. We  are now 4 months into the current fiscal year, and we do not have a  budget that provides the resources necessary for the Department of  Defense. We do not have a budget that provides resources to fight the  opioid epidemic. There has been a lot of talk here in the U.S. Senate  about fighting the opioid epidemic, but we have no resources to do  that. We need a budget to get that done.   So, yes, we should extend the Children's Health Insurance Program. We  need to do that. But we also need to do our job--which we should have  done back on October 1, the first day of this fiscal year--and actually  adopt a bipartisan budget for the United States of America.   The tragedy right now is that at midnight tonight the government will  shut down unless the Senate Republican leadership comes to its senses  and supports a bipartisan budget agreement--a bipartisan agreement,  which is really in plain sight right here in the U.S. Senate.   Look, the American people understand very clearly that Republicans  control the White House, Republicans control both Houses of Congress,  and with that comes a responsibility to govern for the good of the  entire country and not focus on narrow, partisan interests. Instead,  what we have here as the clock ticks is dysfunction and chaos.   Yesterday I heard the Republican leader, Senator McConnell, say on  the Senate floor that he would not support a bipartisan agreement,  reached by Senators right here, unless he knew where President Trump  stood on those issues. Then, in the same breath, he indicated he did  not know where President Trump stood on those key issues.   The Senate is a separate and equal branch of the U.S. Government with  its own constitutional responsibilities. We have a bipartisan agreement  here on so many of these issues. We should not now be outsourcing our  constitutional duties to a White House that, according to Senator  McConnell, doesn't know where it stands on these issues.   Senator Lindsey Graham had it right when he said that we don't have a  reliable negotiating partner at the White House. And, in the last week,  we heard President Trump's own Chief of Staff, General Kelly,  acknowledge that the President was ``uninformed'' on some of the issues  being debated here.   So let's do our job as the U.S. Senate, with our own responsibilities  under the Constitution, and not say that we have to wait on a  dysfunctional White House and not say that we have to wait on a  President who once tweeted out that we need ``a good government  shutdown.'' There are no good government shutdowns, and we should be  doing everything we can to avoid one at midnight tonight.   So let's actually do our job here, and let's come up with a budget  for the United States for this fiscal year.   A small business could not survive without putting together its  budget. It does great harm to our country and to  [[Page S320]]  our government when this Congress cannot get its act together and put  together a budget in time. We have now been kicking the can down the  road month by month since October 1. That is why Senator Graham said  this morning: ``I am not going to support continuing this fiasco for 30  more days. It's time Congress stop the cycle of dysfunction, grow up,  and act consistent with the values of a great nation.''   Amen to that. That is our constitutional duty. That is what we need  to do in order to protect our military and other vital investments  important to our country and our economy.   Here is what the Pentagon's chief spokesperson said about continuing  resolutions: They are wasteful, they are destructive, and the longer  they go the worse it is.   She went on to say that these continuing resolutions erode our  defense capabilities and have negative consequences for them.   Why in the world do we want to kick the can down the road another 30  days when we can get it done right now and avert a government shutdown?   We need that budget to support our military. We also need it to  support the critical investment in our kids' education. We need a  budget plan that is going to provide veterans the healthcare they  deserve. We need a budget that is going to fight the opioid epidemic-- one that keeps community health centers open. The Social Security  Administration has faced hundreds of millions of dollars of cuts. They  are not going to be able to do their job in making sure folks get their  Social Security benefits on time if we continue to strangle their  budget.   The sad thing is, we have known about all of these issues since last  September. I am glad we have come to some resolution on the issue of  the Children's Health Insurance Program. We have known about that since  last September. But we have also known about the need to fight the  opioid epidemic. We have known about the need to fund community health  centers. We have known about the need to make sure our veterans have  the healthcare they deserve. And we have known about the need to  address the DACA issue--the Dreamers--because it was last September  when President Trump revoked the DACA Program, effective a very short  time from now. That program had made sure that Dreamers could be here  legally in the United States, contributing to our country. So when  President Trump took that action, he manufactured the crisis we are in  now.   But he also said: OK, I am going to revoke this legal status--this  program--but I want Congress, on a bipartisan basis, to come up with a  long-term solution. That is what he said back then, and he said the  same thing just a few weeks ago. I think the Nation saw him on TV, when  he invited a bipartisan group of Senators and Members of the House to  the White House, and he invited everybody to come up with a solution.   A number of our Senators, on a bipartisan basis, took the President  up on his request. That is when Senator Graham and Senator Durbin and  two other Republicans and two other Democrats came up with a plan,  which now has very broad support, including the support of seven  Republican Senators. So they did exactly what President Trump asked  them to do, and they addressed all of the issues that President Trump  outlined.   I think we know what happened after that. Senators Graham and Durbin  went to the White House to present their bipartisan agreement to the  President, and, meanwhile, he invited some other Senators over. They  sabotaged the deal, and the President made repulsive, racist remarks at  that meeting. So the President, who had asked Senators to come up with  a solution on a bipartisan basis, when they did what he asked, threw it  back in their face.   Why is the Republican leader, Senator McConnell, now saying to the  Senate that we can't do our job here until I know what is going to  happen at the White House? Why should we be outsourcing our  constitutional responsibilities to the White House when we have an  agreement which, if it were put on the floor of the Senate today, would  pass? It is a bipartisan solution.   I really believe it is time for us to do our job here, Republicans  and Democrats alike.   Here is what President Trump said at the time of the last government  shutdown. That is when we had a 16-day shutdown because some of the  Republican Senators didn't want to fund the Affordable Care Act at the  time and shut down the government for 16 days. Then Citizen Trump said:  ``It always happens to be the top. I mean, the problems start from the  top and have to get solved from the top.''   This is what Citizen Donald Trump was saying about President Obama at  the time of the last shutdown.   He went on to say: ``The president is the leader, and he's got to get  everybody in a room, and he's got to lead.''   How times change when Citizen Trump becomes President Trump. You have  a White House in chaos, dysfunction. Senator Graham himself said it: an  unreliable negotiating partner.   Yet, the Republican leader wants this Senate to outsource our job to  the President of the United States and says that we are going to shut  down the government here because we don't know what President Trump  thinks about all this. That is a dereliction of the duty of the Senate,  and we need to do our job today and avoid a government shutdown.   The answer is in plain sight. Let's get to work. Let's get it done.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   