 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that  would direct the VA to establish an opioid abuse kit for community  healthcare providers.   We are fortunate to live in a time when, because of medical  advancements, members of the military are surviving combat injuries at  unprecedented rates. However, our duty of care for military veterans  does not stop there.   As our Nation welcomes home thousands of veterans from missions all  over the world, we must be better prepared to provide those who suffer  from chronic pain with the help that they need. It is the  responsibility of this Congress to do our part to ensure they are  receiving the level of healthcare they deserve.   According to VA data, despite the number of opioid prescriptions at  the VA declining--and that is the good news--since 2012, the number of  veterans with opioid use disorders has spiked 55 percent between 2011  and 2016.   Additionally, the American Public Health Association found that  veterans are twice as likely to overdose on prescription opioids as the  general population.   The Veterans Health Administration has taken initial steps to combat  the growing opioid crisis by rolling out its Opioid Safety Initiative  for VA health settings, and the VA has also begun to publish toolkits  for its community health providers so they better understand why  veterans are looking to them for help.   My amendment provides the resources for the VA to take their efforts  a step further. It would direct the VA to utilize the opioid safety  resources already available at the VA and create a similar opioid  toolkit for healthcare providers at civilian facilities who help  veterans with opioid use disorders. This is even more important, Mr.  Chairman, because of the establishment of the Veterans Choice Program.   The toolkit will provide safe prescribing practices provide  additional resources for effective pain management, and it will  ultimately save lives.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join with me in support of this.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms.  Wasserman Schultz).    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for her comments, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I know the gentleman from Texas and I will  work together on this going forward and, hopefully, this amendment will  move us in that direction further.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment that would  direct healthcare providers with VA affiliation to continue their  efforts at continuing education courses in specific areas to manage  pain, opioids, and substance abuse disorders.   Nationally, about 30 percent of Americans have some form of chronic  pain. However, the percentage of veterans who report chronic pain is  significantly higher. Over 50 percent of elderly veterans report  chronic pain, as do 60 percent of veterans returning from current  conflicts. In fact, chronic pain is the most common medical problem  experienced by returning combat veterans over the last decade.   Of course, pain is not a standalone problem. We are increasingly  aware of the mental health, the hidden wounds consequences stemming  from time in combat. Veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder or  brain trauma are more likely to report physical pain and, in turn, are  more likely to receive a prescription for opioids. Likewise,  approximately one out of every three veterans seeking treatment for a  substance use disorder also have PTSD.   My amendment addresses this challenge by helping those who provide  healthcare services to veterans to learn the latest pain management  techniques, understand safe prescribing practices, and spot the signs  of potential behavioral health conflicts and challenges, including  substance abuse disorders.   Further, my amendment recognizes that VA healthcare providers already  need continuing education credits to maintain their State-issued  professional licenses. The amendment does not add to the total number  of credits that prescribers already have to take. It simply makes sure  that appropriate time is spent learning about this important issue.   My constituents are fortunate in Massachusetts because we have State  laws that deal with this and require that kind of continuing education  on this matter. However, in the other part of my district, in the  southwestern portion, most of the veterans in that area go to the Rhode  Island veterans center and, in Rhode Island, this is not covered by the  State.   Healthcare professionals in Providence, Rhode Island, already have  pain management education available, but there is no guarantee that  they are taken. There is a recommendation, but no guarantee. My  amendment simply makes sure that our veterans get that guarantee. I  urge my colleagues to join in support of this amendment.    I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Wasserman  Schultz).    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.   MR. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition,  although I will not oppose this amendment.    Mr. Chairman, it is another area where we can keep  working together to help veterans, and this amendment will bring us  forward in that task.   I yield back the balance of my time.   