 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Virginia, the  vice ranking member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee,  for yielding time and for doing such a phenomenal job on our committee.   Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 50, the Unfunded  Mandates Information and Transparency Act. This legislation would  obstruct the regulatory process with new requirements that would make  it more difficult to promulgate regulations that protect the health and  safety of Americans.   This bill also would give regulated companies the ability to weigh in  on rules before other stakeholders. That is simply not right.   Under this bill, gun manufacturers could influence a gun safety rule  before child safety experts.   Under this bill, banks could shape rules related to obtaining lines  of credit before consumer advocates.   Under this bill, a coal company could weigh in on a clean air rule  before doctors, scientists, and other public health experts.   This is a gross distortion of how this process should work, and it  would put the interests of polluters and other corporate offenders  ahead of the American people. I simply say that we are better than  that.   This bill also must be viewed in the context of the broader assault  on regulations underway by President Trump and his allies in Congress.  Using the Congressional Review Act, Republicans in Congress have  repealed 16 health, safety, environmental, and consumer protection  rules.  [[Page H6183]]    They repealed a rule that prevented individuals with severe mental  illnesses from gaining access to guns. Give me a break.   They repealed the stream protection rule, which required monitoring  of streams and groundwater for toxic contaminants dumped by coal mining  companies. Yes, they did that, too.   They repealed the fair pay and safe workplaces rule, which required  that American tax dollars be spent only on companies that comply with  the workplace health, safety, and civil rights laws by which all  private businesses must abide.   The bill before us today is yet another attack on regulations, one  that Republicans have passed many times before but have never been able  to enact.   This bill would amend the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, which was  enacted as part of Newt Gingrich's Contract with America. Even in the  context of the extreme agenda of the Contract with America, Congress  included several limitations in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act. This  bill would repeal those limitations.   This bill also would put independent agencies in jeopardy of  political interference. The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act currently  exempts independent agencies from its reporting requirements. This bill  would remove that exemption.   That means independent regulatory agencies like the Securities and  Exchange Commission and the Consumer Product Safety Commission would  have to submit their rules to the Office of Management and Budget for  review, which could undermine their independence.   Section 12 of the bill would require an agency to perform a  retrospective review, including an additional cost-benefit analysis of  any existing rule, if requested by the chairman or ranking member of a  committee. The Congressional Research Service found that there is a  tenable argument that section 12 is unconstitutional.   CRS said: ``It could be argued that imbuing certain Members with the  authority to demand that an agency prepare a report under section 12 is  an action of sufficient legislative character and effect as to trigger  the bicameralism and presentment requirements of Article I.''   These flaws are reason enough to oppose this bill, but the most  important reason is that we rely on agency rulemaking to protect our  children, protect our workers, and protect our economy.    The Coalition for Sensible Safeguards, a group of more than 160 good  government, labor, scientific, faith, health, and community  organizations, sent a letter to Congress strongly opposing this bill.  Here is just a portion of what the letter said: ``The costs of  deregulation should be obvious by now. The Wall Street economic  collapse, various food and product safety recalls, and numerous  environmental disasters demonstrate the need for a regulatory system  that protects the public, not corporate interests.''   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill.   