 Madam President, last month, we lost a true Georgia  original.   Mac Collins was a friend of mine. He was a Member of the U.S. House  of Representatives for 12 years. He was born in Flovilla, GA, in 1944.  At the time, Flovilla had a population of 240 people.   Mac always liked to say he was a graduate of the school of hard  knocks. Together with his wife, Julie, he started a trucking company  many years ago. Mac started with a single vehicle that he often had to  repair at night. Julie kept the books, answered the phones, and  sometimes helped load the trucks. The Collins family had a simple  motto: ``Can't never could.'' They never gave up, and their hard work  paid off. Today, Collins Trucking hauls timber and goods across the  South and Midwest and is still a family owned and operated business.   Eventually, Mac turned to public service. He won a seat on the Butts  County Commission and a few years later became Butts County's first  Republican county commission chairman.   Eventually, Mac was elected to the Georgia State Senate, where he  served from 1988 until 1982. Back then, I think you could count on one  hand the number of Republicans in the entire State. He was elected to  the U.S. House of Representatives in 1992 and served for 12 years. He  fought to make America more competitive by changing its archaic Tax  Code. He worked on veterans issues and served on both the critical U.S.  House Ways and Means Committee and the prestigious Intelligence  Committee. Mac was serving in leadership as deputy whip during some of  our Nation's most trying days in the aftermath of 9/11.   Throughout his years of service, Mac Collins never forgot his roots.  For Georgia Republicans, he was definitely a pioneer. For all  Georgians, regardless of their political beliefs, he was a champion.  Max's example of entrepreneurship and servant leadership serve as a  shining example for us all.   Mac is survived by his wife, Julie, four children, a dozen  grandchildren, and three great-grandchildren. Bonnie  [[Page S7966]]  and I join all Georgians--and Americans, for that matter--in lifting up  their family in our prayers during this time and in honoring Mac  Collins' very impressive legacy of service.   When Mac Collins passed away, Georgia and America lost a true  statesman, a leader, and my friend.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as we come to a close of the 115th  Congress, this will be my last speech in this Congress. It is an honor  to be in this body. It is a privilege that I take very seriously, as I  know the Presiding Officer does as well.   Today, I come to talk about a topic that I told this body in my  maiden speech was the reason I ran for the Senate, and at the end of  each year, I try to remind us all of where we are on this topic--the  financial crisis that the United States faces today. It is intertwined  with the global security crisis that we heard about in a speech just a  minute ago. They are very much interrelated.   Today, we have $21 trillion in debt. What makes that so important is  that just this week, just recently, the Federal Reserve increased the  Fed fund rate one-quarter point. To most people, that really doesn't  sound like a big deal, but this is the ninth increase in just the last  couple of years. Just this one-quarter point increase means $50 billion  of new interest that the Federal Government is obligated to pay each  year, every year. Over the last couple of years, those nine increases  together represent a 2.25-percent increase. So that 2.25 percent  increase in the interest rate means an additional $450 billion of new  interest expense liability the Federal Government has incurred over the  last couple of years. To put that in perspective, we only raise about  $2.2 trillion in total Federal income tax. We spent about $700 billion  on our military and only $200 billion on our veterans.   This is a train wreck, and it is a crisis of full proportion. Yet  here we were just last night passing our 186th continuing resolution  since 1974 when the Budget Act of 1974 passed. That is one of our  problems. Combine that with 8 years of lethargic economic productivity,  and you end up with a burgeoning debt crisis.   It is projected by the Congressional Budget Office that, at current  interest rates, with no other interest rate increases, the interest on  the debt will grow--by 2023, just 5 short years, we will be spending  more on just interest than we will on national defense. That cannot  happen. The world bond markets probably won't let that happen. And here  we are in 2018.   How did we get here? In 2000, at the end of the Clinton  administration, this country had $6 trillion of debt. In 2008, at the  end of President Bush's administration, we had $10 trillion of debt. In  2016, at the end of President Obama's tenure, we had $20 trillion of  debt. In that 8 years, America added more to the debt than all other  Presidents combined prior to 2008.   Today, the rate of growth continues. We are at $21 trillion. In my  office, we have a debt clock that actually shows real time how this  debt clicks forward every day, every minute. It is a sobering thing to  watch because this is a legacy we are giving to our children and our  grandchildren, and there is no reason to let this go forward. We can  solve this today.   Under the Obama administration, over those 8 years, the Federal  Government borrowed a little less than 35 percent of what it spent as a  Federal Government. Let me say that again. It borrowed almost a third  of what it spent. To put that in perspective, the discretionary part of  our budget--we spend about $4 trillion a year, including all of our  mandatory expenses, but only 1.3 of that 4.3 is discretionary.  Discretionary spending is about 25 percent. So if you are borrowing 33  percent and your discretionary spending is 25 percent and all of your  first money that comes in goes to pay for the mandatory expenses--like  a car payment, a house payment, insurance payments--automatically  deducted, that is exactly what happens in the Federal Government. What  we have is a situation where every dime--during those 8 years--of  discretionary spending was by definition borrowed money.   Today, we are not borrowing quite that much, but the problem  continues that most of our domestic discretionary spending is borrowed  money. This is not lost on leaders around the world. Our near-peer  competitors in Russia and China pay attention to this. They saw we cut  our military spending over those 8 years ending in 2016 by 25 percent.  That is one reason we see a very active China right now in the South  China Sea. It is also why we see Russia being very active in the Middle  East. It is because of our inactivity and our withdrawal from the  global stage, and that was driven largely by the political position  that administration was in at the time, but I also believe it is  because of the Federal crisis we have relative to our national debt.   Today, if you look at the sources of our income and the uses of that  income and our expenses, just on the Federal budget side, we raise  about $2.2 trillion.   The first three line items that we dedicate money to or allocate  money to is a subsidy for the Social Security trust fund. Now, this is  the first year that has really happened. It was never supposed to  happen. The trust fund was supposed to sustain itself forever,  indefinitely. It was supposed to be self-sustaining.    The second item is the Medicare trust fund. Now, the Medicare trust  fund has to be subsidized by the general account of the Federal budget.   The third is this unlimited entitlement we have called Medicaid under  the Affordable Care Act. It is an unlimited expense depending on what  different Governors decide to do and what the Federal Government has to  do in terms of matching funds that go to those States.   Those three line items--just those three--account for more than 50  percent of all Federal income tax dollars we collect--over 50 percent.   The Social Security trust fund is projected to go to zero--the  balance in that trust is supposed to go to zero in 12 years. The  Medicare trust fund is supposed to go to zero in 8 years. This is a  situation that is exploding before us. Discretionary expenditures have  leveled out. Those are being fairly controlled. What is not being  fairly controlled are all the mandatory expenses--the Social Security,  expense of Medicare, Medicaid, pension benefits for Federal employees,  and the interest on the debt. The fastest growing of all that is the  interest on the debt, as I mentioned earlier. We have added $450  billion of new interest expense just in the last 2 years.   I believe there is a way forward. We have been talking about it.  President Trump said job No. 1 when he got elected was growing the  economy. Why? Well, one of the benefits--we put people back to work, we  have confidence going again, and we get the economy going, but it also  raises more dollars for the Federal Government.   The Congressional Budget Office said that if we grow the economy 100  basis points more than we were growing during the Obama administration,  which was only 1.9 percent over 8 years, that that 1 percentage point  of growth adds $300 billion a year. Well, we are growing much faster  than that now. We are growing at almost twice the rate. The GDP is  growing at almost twice the rate it grew during the Obama  administration. What that means is that we have lowered the curve over  the next decade of this debt cycle--this ever increasing debt cycle--we  have lowered the curve by as much as $3 trillion, by some estimates.  That is the first step.   The second step is this budget process we are working on to try to  fix it. We formed a joint select committee this year of equal numbers  of participants from Republican to Democrat,  [[Page S7979]]  House and Senate. While we didn't pass a bill coming out of that  exercise, we did agree on several things that will allow us to avoid  putting pressure on the end of the year that leads to these continuing  resolutions and these omnibuses that are generating more and more debt.   The third thing is, we are done with Agencies' excess spending. This  year, the Department of Defense has provided--the first ever in U.S.  history--its own internal financial audit. There was a law written in  1981 that said this was required, but nobody has ever forced that to  happen. Secretary Mattis and President Trump have forced that to  happen. Over the next couple of years, we will be digesting exactly  what they are finding in that internal audit. We can't get a turnaround  if we don't know what is going on with the outflows, and that is  exactly what we are doing in the Department of Defense.   So make this known, that President Trump says: Yes, we have increased  spending to get our readiness back, to recap our military, and to  develop the capability we need to protect this country. But at the same  time, he is holding the Department of Defense accountable for every  single red cent it spends, and the first step of that is this internal  audit.   As a member of the Armed Services Committee and the Budget  Committee--this is in the wheelhouse of those two committees, and I can  state that every single member, Democratic and Republican, is  interested in that audit and how it can make us much more productive  and efficient in terms of how we spend taxpayer money.   The fourth is, after 8 years of arguing about the healthcare  insurance plans for the individual market, which is about 21 million  people, we need to start talking about the underlying cost drivers of  our spiraling healthcare costs.   Lastly, the fifth and final thing we have to do to address this debt  over the next 20 to 30 years is that we immediately have to save the  Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid Programs for our recipients who  need those benefits, but we also have to secure them for the future.   There are solutions out there. That is the good news today. The bad  news is, yes, the spiraling debt is still with us. It is absolutely the  No. 1 threat to our national security; there is no doubt about that. I  believe that, and Secretary Mattis believes that. Prior Chairmen of the  Joint Chiefs of Staff believe that. We have to get the political will  to face the American people and to tell us all that we have to have a  plan over the next 20 or 30 years that will absolutely bring this back  into reason.   One of my great colleagues in this body, a Democrat, Senator Sheldon  Whitehouse from Rhode Island, has an idea to go out in the future and  pick a certain date, agree on the debt as a percentage of GDP, and then  move backwards with a guardrail plan on a roadmap to today to allow us  to get there over time. I am in full support of that. He has been a big  ally in this effort to rein in the debt and to develop a budget process  that is sensible.   Mr. President, it is clear to me that after 4 years in this body, we  have made some progress on this but not nearly enough. In 6 short  years, one of our major trust funds, one of the major pillars of our  social safety net system, the Medicare system--that trust fund goes to  zero.   We deserve better than this. Democrats and Republicans both agree on  that. What we have to do now is translate that into cooperation on this  floor this next year; to talk about compromise, to find ways to get  through the extreme positions this town and the media really encourage  us to take.   Behind the scenes--behind that door right there--you know and I know  we talk in a different way than we do when we are in front of the  media. I believe, behind that door right there, lies the solutions to  most of these problems, where we can be cooperative and find common  solutions to these problems.   The last thing I will say is this. This country is not bankrupt. We  have about $130 trillion of future unfunded liabilities. If you just  look at the next 30 years, that is true. Fortunately, though, on the  other side of the balance sheet, we have some people estimate well more  than $250 trillion of assets.   The question is, Do we have the will to address the debt problem over  some reasonable period of time using our assets and our productive  capability to make this country stable and financially strong again?  Not only do the citizens of the United States deserve this and need  this, the rest of the world needs us. We are the most philanthropic  country in the history of the world. Yet that is jeopardized by this  intransigence that continues in this city.   I am an optimist, and I believe we will solve this. We have a good  many new Members coming into this body next year--some great Members  who are retiring--but it is time this moves up in our priority chain,  where this is the No. 1 crisis that we begin to deal with.   I believe the best days of America are ahead because this problem has  solutions, and we have plenty of resources to do it. It just depends on  the political will.   Let me say this too. I believe, with a Democratic-controlled House, a  Republican-controlled Senate, and a Republican in the White House, the  American people have sent a message to Washington saying: OK, guys, it  is time. This is one of the priorities.   We will see in this next year if the House decides to legislate or  they decide to investigate.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   