 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I can't beat the chairman's long years of friendship and  devotion and service with Ray. But we are down here to make sure that  we remind the American people that most of us know that we are only as  good as the people we have around us. That is why I wanted to come down  and join my colleagues to talk about our former Republican staff  director of the Energy and Commerce Committee, Ray Baum.   Now, I don't have the long years that Chairman Walden has, but I do  remember Ray coming to the city in 2011, as was noted, to be the senior  policy adviser of the Communications and Technology Subcommittee, which  I was fortunate to serve on. Right away, I personally noticed there was  something different, and this is before I really knew Ray very well.  But it all made sense when you found out that he had served in elected  office and he had been reelected.   He served as the majority leader, and then he moved on to the public  utilities commission. We love our staff and we love the people who  devote everything. But we all know, as elected officials, that really  the crucible of what we do is election and standing in front of voters  and being held accountable and responding to them.   So to particularly have a staff director, or what I would call a  chief of staff, the person who is trying to keep the trains running on  time, it is all important, but one who knows the trials and  tribulations of serving in elected office is very, very helpful. I  think the chairman mentioned that when he talked about Ray being on the  floor, being able to talk to Members and people in the leadership  alike, understanding when our colleagues were struggling.   I think the tributes earlier this evening by Ranking Member Pallone  and Congresswoman Eshoo also highlighted the fact that he had a great  relationship across the aisle, which is critical in getting that  bipartisan consensus to really move bills on the floor.   We have been very fortunate to serve on the Energy and Commerce  Committee. We have, I would argue, an almost unparalleled record of  success, bipartisan, major votes, because either we work together or we  have staff directors who are able to keep us focused on the prize, and  that is, getting by in so that there are not hugely contentious votes  on the floor. They are large bipartisan majorities which are not spoken  of very much in Washington today or covered because they just are not  newsworthy enough.   Chairman Walden mentioned Ray's great love, which is his family and  public service. But I think there is a third one that would call  someone from the West Coast to Washington, D.C. I think a lot of us  were able to observe and appreciate this relationship between the staff  director and the chairman that went over decades: trust, loyalty, and  support; so much that, as Ray continued to fight through this  challenge, something that kept him going was the fact that he loved  this institution.    He loved his Members that he was responsible for--that is all of us  on the committee--but he loved Chairman Greg Walden and he wanted him  to succeed. I think that is a great tribute to remember.   So I am here just to thank Kristine, his wife, and the children who  were named Rachael, Wyatt, Alexis, Mary, Andrew, and Elizabeth. I want  them to know, Mr. Speaker, that we appreciate the sacrifice they gave  to allow Ray to be part of this institution.   