 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to express my concern about the  continued deterioration of the situation in Yemen and to share my views  about the resolution that is currently before us.   The military conflict going on in Yemen has gone on for far too long  and has affected tens of millions of civilians who face displacement,  famine, and a widespread cholera outbreak. According to the United  Nations, more than 15,000 Yemenis have been killed or injured since the  war began in March of 2015. The humanitarian situation there has been  described as the worst in the world, with more than two-thirds of  Yemen's approximately 29 million people facing severe food shortages.  An outbreak of cholera has already infected at least 1 million people,  marking the worst such outbreak in decades.   Continued instability in Yemen also benefits our adversaries. While  we have sought to maintain pressure on al-Qaida in the Arabian  Peninsula, or AQAP, and ISIS, the lack of a functioning government or  state security apparatus inhibits our ability to go after these groups.  Additionally, it is clear that Iran has taken advantage of the current  situation to spread its malign influence and provide lethal support to  the Houthis, thereby further undermining regional stability and  security.   Unfortunately, we have yet to hear any strategy from the  administration as to how they would propose to use U.S. diplomatic  leadership to help bring about an end to the conflict in Yemen. We  still do not have an Ambassador to Saudi Arabia, and occasional visits  by White House officials are not a replacement for sustained diplomatic  efforts by our experts in the Foreign Service. I am encouraged, though,  by the appointment of a new United Nations Special Envoy to Yemen,  Martin Griffiths, and hope that the U.S. Government will seek to  support his efforts wherever possible.   While the primary conflict in Yemen is between an Iranian-backed  Houthi insurgency and a Saudi-led coalition, the United States is  involved.   As stated in a letter sent by Secretary Mattis to congressional  leadership last week, ``Since 2015, the United States has provided  limited support to Saudi-led coalition military operations to restore  the U.N.-recognized government of Yemen and preserve Saudi territorial  integrity from Houthi aligned forces in Yemen.'' Moreover, according to  Secretary Mattis, U.S. forces are not authorized to use force against  the Houthis but do support the Saudi-led coalition with ``intelligence  sharing, military advice, and logistical support, including air-to-air  refueling.''   Last week, the commander of U.S. Central Command, General Votel,  testified before the Armed Services Committee that our support to the  Saudi-led coalition is ``primarily defensive'' in nature and focused on  the Iranian-supported ballistic missile threat to Saudi Arabia that  originates in Yemen, maritime threats to international shipping in the  Bab el Mandeb Strait and the Red Sea, the defense of Saudi Arabia's  southern border, and counterterrorism.   However, General Votel also acknowledged that when the United States  provides aerial refueling to coalition aircraft, we do not know where  those aircraft then go; therefore, they could be going to conduct  offensive strikes against Houthi targets, which may result in civilian  casualties, which is a major concern for me. Even more troubling, if  these aircraft went to conduct strikes against targets outside of  [[Page S1815]]  Yemen, the United States would be complicit in a much more dangerous  and provocative activity.   I have significant concerns about persistent reports of civilian  casualties and damage to civilian infrastructure caused by the Saudi- led coalition in Yemen. Far too many of the strikes by the coalition  have killed or injured civilians and resulted in the destruction of  infrastructure needed to provide basic services to the population,  thereby exacerbating the humanitarian crisis.   It is also clear that more must be done by both the coalition and the  Houthis to facilitate the flow of humanitarian aid into and throughout  Yemen. The United Nations and humanitarian organizations continue to  express concern about their ability to access seaports and airports and  difficulties in distributing aid to vulnerable populations once it is  inside the country.   It is important that shipments into Yemen be subject to inspection by  the U.N. Verification and Inspection Mechanism to help prevent the  transit of illicit materials in violation of the U.N. arms embargo, but  all parties to the conflict in Yemen have a responsibility, including  under international humanitarian law, to allow access to aid by those  in need.   We are faced with a very difficult set of issues, and I certainly  understand and commend my colleagues, Senators Sanders, Murphy, and  Lee, for bringing this issue to the floor. The Saudi-led coalition  clearly must do more to end this war and must prosecute this war in a  way that limits civilian casualties and the humanitarian crises. On the  other hand, Saudi Arabia and the United Emirates, or UAE, remain  important partners for the United States, and we share many common  interests in the region, including in the fight against al-Qaida, ISIS,  and other violent extremist groups.   The resolution before us would establish a blanket prohibition on all  assistance to the Saudi-led coalition except for the purposes of  countering al-Qaida and associated forces. While I understand the  argument for this approach, I believe it would prevent us from exerting  influence to limit and hopefully end the conflict. Indeed, it may even  cause harm as both sides potentially act more violently.   We can and should engage if there is a possibility that we can help  minimize collateral damage by providing the coalition with training and  advice on best practices. General Votel testified last week that U.S.  assistance has contributed to improvement by the coalition on these  issues. Specifically, the Department of Defense told us that engagement  by U.S. military personnel has resulted in the introduction of a ``no- strike'' list. That is a process which actually puts targets off-limits  and ensures that pilots and others understand those targets. They also  caused a cessation--an ending--of the use of cluster munitions by  Saudi-led forces and the formation of a body to investigate  noncombatant casualties. These are positive steps, but it is clear that  much more must be done to minimize the impact of the war on Yemeni  civilians. I support our continued engagement for that purpose.   Both Saudi Arabia and the UAE face a significant threat from Houthi  rebels armed with ballistic missiles, apparently with the technical  assistance of the Iranians. There have reportedly been dozens of  attacks against Saudi Arabia since the spring of 2015, including  against civilian targets like the international airport in Riyadh,  which was attacked in December. I strongly support the right of our  partners to defend themselves against these threats and believe that  continued sharing of U.S. intelligence for defensive purposes is  appropriate, especially in light of the fact that tens of thousands of  U.S. civilians, military, and diplomatic personnel also face these  threats while living and working in the region around Riyadh and  throughout Saudi Arabia.   I also have concerns that ending all support to the Saudi-led  coalition may cause the conflict to escalate. As Secretary Mattis wrote  to congressional leadership this past week, restrictions on our  ``limited U.S. military support could increase civilian casualties,  jeopardize cooperation with our partners on counterterrorism, and  reduce our influence with the Saudis--all of which would further  exacerbate the situation and humanitarian crisis.'' Secretary Mattis  also expressed concern that withdrawal of our support would ``embolden  Iran to increase its support to the Houthis, enabling further ballistic  missile strikes on Saudi Arabia and threatening vital shipping lanes in  the Red Sea, thereby raising the risk of a regional conflict.''   Therefore, I believe that support by the U.S. military of the Saudi- led coalition in Yemen should not be absolutely prohibited but should  be explicitly limited to the following objectives: No. 1, enabling  counterterrorism operations against al-Qaida and ISIS; No. 2, defending  the territorial integrity of Saudi Arabia and the UAE, including  against ballistic missile threats; No. 3, preserving freedom of  navigation in the maritime environment around Yemen; and No. 4,  enhancing the training and professionalism of their armed forces, with  a primary focus on adherence to the law of armed conflict and  prevention of civilian casualties.   Our support for the Saudi-led coalition needs to be considered in a  thoughtful and deliberate manner. From a policy perspective, we should  distinguish between assistance that is provided for defensive or  noncombat purposes and that which could be used to enable offensive  military operations in the Yemeni civil war.   Let me be clear. I am not in favor of giving the Saudi-led coalition  a blank check. In fact, I believe we should no longer provide aerial  refueling assistance unless it is used to enable aircraft conducting  counterterrorism missions pursuant to the 2001 authorization for use of  military force or countering specific identified threats to Saudi  territorial integrity. Indeed, use of our military assets to support  Saudi-led coalition efforts or the efforts of other nations to conduct  other operations outside this narrow scope would raise very serious  legal questions.   Given its comprehensive approach, I do not believe the Sanders  resolution is the appropriate vehicle for these issues to receive the  careful and deliberate consideration they are due. I understand the  Foreign Relations Committee may soon take up this issue, and I urge  them to do that. I look forward to engaging further in those  discussions when presented with the opportunity.   The administration must make clear to both the Saudi-led coalition  and the Houthis that there is no military solution to this conflict and  that the time has come to reach a negotiated settlement. Congress also  has an important role in setting the policy framework for the use of  U.S. Armed Forces overseas and ensuring that U.S. military capabilities  are only used for authorized purposes. At the same time, we should not  take action that would unduly restrict our engagement with partners for  legitimate purposes and, in doing so, undermine our ability to help  bring an end to the conflict in Yemen, ease civilian suffering, and  defend the territorial integrity of our partners.   With that Mr. President, I yield the floor.   