 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for  allowing us to address ``We, the people'' regarding this very important  topic.   Mr. Speaker, over the course of the past 500 days, this Congress has  worked with President Trump to pass historic tax cuts and regulatory  reform. As a result, this is the strongest economy we have seen in two  decades.   Many of my colleagues across the aisle, whom I respect, continue to  posture otherwise, ignoring the facts. They have dismissed our efforts  as crumbs, saying that tax cuts are Armageddon. But outside of this  Chamber, outside of the small bubble that is D.C., the real America  exists and real Americans who get it.   People concerned with earning an honest living and providing for  their families, because of tax reform, those families are seeing new  jobs created. They are seeing real wage growth. They are seeing new  investments in their communities.   Mr. Speaker, I travel throughout the district that I represent. I  speak directly to the citizens that I serve. In Lafayette, Abbeville,  New Iberia, Lake Charles, everywhere we go, there are real people  telling real stories about how tax cuts are improving their lives.   Americans that I represent, they have shared their stories about how  they are using their tax cut to pay bills, to save for retirement, or  to buy new school clothes for the kids. Small business owners across  south Louisiana have shared how they are expanding operations and  investing in their employees. That is the real impact on families in  Louisiana and across America.   This body spent months debating the merits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act. I and many of my colleagues projected more jobs, more investment,  and a stronger economy. We were right. Those projections have become  reality: nearly 3 million new jobs since President Trump was elected; 1  million new jobs since we passed historic tax cuts; unemployment at its  lowest point in half a century; consumer confidence at a 17-year high;  small business optimism at an all-time high; and real GDP growth  projected at over 4 percent for 2018.  [[Page H4765]]    Let me share that I have read the Book of Revelation. This is no  Armageddon. This is a historically strong economy fueled by tax cuts  and regulatory reform.   Mr. Speaker, America is back. We are open for business, and Americans  will continue to benefit from the pro-growth conservative policies of  President Trump and this Republican Congress.   