 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I am here to speak about honoring Steve  Gleason with the Congressional Gold Medal.   Steve is well known in Louisiana and throughout the gulf coast and to  football fans across the country. He is a Washington State native, as  Senator Murray recently spoke, but he lives in New Orleans with his  wife Michel and son Rivers.   Steve played in the NFL for 8 seasons, mostly with the New Orleans  Saints. He is famous as a New Orleans Saint. On September 25, 2006, on  ``Monday Night Football,'' the first game back in the Superdome when it  reopened after Hurricane Katrina, the Saints were playing their  archrival and division opponent, the hated Atlanta Falcons. The  Presiding Officer probably likes the Falcons.   The Falcons were punting from deep in their own territory. Steve  broke through the line and blocked the punt. Fellow Saint Curtis  Deloatch recovered the ball for a touchdown.   The stadium erupted. There were 70,000 fans in the Superdome stadium.  I was watching on TV. Al Michaels was blown away. It was an incredible  moment, not just for the football team but because it was the first  game in the Superdome, having just been reopened after Hurricane  Katrina, which had almost destroyed the city and, indeed, the whole  gulf coast, and it had much more meaning.   The emotion was for the play but also for what the play symbolized  for the game. Steve Gleason's blocked punt symbolized, as Steve would  say, ``no white flags.'' New Orleans and the gulf coast were back, and  despite Katrina's devastation, we would not surrender.   Now Steve demonstrates that ``no white flags'' resolve in another  arena. In 2011, Steve was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis,  also called Lou Gehrig's disease. He cannot speak and, except for  moving his eyes and blinking, he cannot move. But Steve can still  think, and because he can think and because of what he has done with  his thoughts is why he inspires and why we wish to honor him with a  Congressional Gold Medal.   He has a difficult challenge, but his accomplishments addressing that  challenge are what is noteworthy. After his diagnosis, Steve and his  wife began a mission to show that patients with diseases such as ALS  cannot only live, but they can thrive.   Steve declared that there would be ``no white flags,'' and that  became the mantra of something he began: the Gleason Initiative  Foundation. This foundation helps to provide individuals who have  neuromuscular disease or other injuries with cutting-edge technology,  equipment, and services. It raises global awareness about ALS to find  solutions and an end to the disease. It has also helped hundreds of  people with ALS experience life adventures they never thought possible.   Steve's story and mission have been chronicled by national and local  media outlets as well as a 2016 documentary, ``Gleason,'' which shows  what his life has been like since 2011.   When first meeting Steve, you would expect to feel pity. Yet, as you  walk in and meet him and see what he has done, as he speaks to you  through the machines he has helped to develop, you feel inspired. His  perseverance and commitment to giving hope to others is amazing.   I will give a partial list of what he and his wife have done since  his diagnosis. He founded the Gleason Initiative Foundation, of which I  just spoke. Steve, in partnership with Microsoft,--and I have a poster  here showing Steve and the Microsoft team--developed eye-tracking  technology that allows him to communicate and to move.   So as Steve looks up--again, he can only move his eyes and blink his  eyes--he can look at this keyboard and if it says, ``Turn my wheelchair  to the right,'' he looks there and blinks his eyes and his wheelchair  will turn to the right.   He has prerecorded statements. So if you walk in, he will blink at a  prerecorded statement that says: ``Hello. My name is Steve Gleason. How  are you?''   If he wishes to say something spontaneously, he can blink, blink,  blink, and it will say: ``Well, let's discuss this further.''   It is not all just ``let's talk business.'' He has his iTunes on  there. He can blink and get his favorite song. There is a multiplicity  of functions that allow the man to live--and not just him, because  among other accomplishments Steve Gleason and his wife Michel have  achieved, he led efforts to enact legislation, the Steve Gleason  Enduring Voices Act, to make these devices available to those suffering  from neurodegenerative diseases. It was a bill that I was privileged to  introduce and that has passed into law.   Steve continues to challenge the heads of industry and medicine to  improve the technology and the science to find a cure for ALS. He  opened the Team Gleason House for Innovative Living, where up to 18  people can live as productively and as independently as possible.   A few years ago, Steve hosted a global summit, bringing together  researchers, patients, caregivers, and others in the ALS community. The  summit resulted in the single largest coordinated and collaborative ALS  research project in the world, called Answer ALS. It has nearly 2 dozen  research institutions, 1,000 patients, and 20 trillion data points that  will help to find unknown pathways to lead to new treatments or to  cures.    In recognition of Steve's work, in April I introduced legislation  with Senators Murray, Kennedy, and Cantwell to honor Steve Gleason with  the Congressional Gold Medal. Steve's story is so compelling that in  less than 2 months, over 70 of our colleagues joined to affirm Steve's  inspiring story and impact upon his fellow Americans to make him worthy  of the highest honor Congress can bestow.   Steve should be awarded this medal. He is an example of what makes  our country great. He has given hope to many. He gives hope to all  those who have ever received a devastating diagnosis, and his message  is simple: Your life still has meaning. Your best years can still be  ahead of you.   Steve is a role model, not just for those in the disability community  but for all Americans. I suspect that what  [[Page S3945]]  he may appreciate most about this honor is the attention it brings to  find solutions and cures for those with diseases such as ALS.   I would like to thank my colleagues, their staff, and everyone else  who has helped build support for this legislation including Microsoft,  the ALS Association, the NFL, and the New Orleans Saints.   I wish to encourage my colleagues in the House to cosponsor this  legislation and to pass it as soon as possible.   I would like to thank Steve for continuing to be an example of  commitment, perseverance, and inspiration.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Banking,  Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from further consideration of  S. 2652 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Andrew  Hampton, an intern in Senator Sullivan's office, be granted floor  privileges for the remainder of the day.   