 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my support for H.R.  1153, the Mortgage Choice Act. As a cosponsor of the bill and the vice  chairman of the Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit  Subcommittee, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support its  passage.   As we all know, community financial institutions continue to close or  merge at an alarming rate. We just saw an article the other day that  about 1,700 branches across the country have closed, and to go through  some of the towns in western Pennsylvania where you see the only branch  closed is striking.   As we all know, community financial institutions continue to close or  merge at an alarming rate. Bit by bit, families across America are  losing access to vital financial products like home mortgages.  Regulations like the qualified mortgage, or QM rule, make it even  harder for Americans to get a mortgage and realize the dream of  homeownership.   For small mortgages, points and fees can often exceed 3 percent,  which leads these mortgages to be designated as higher priced non-QM  loans. This discourages financial institutions from lending to  Americans with moderate incomes and first-time home buyers; that is  why, because loans aren't there.   Chairman Huizenga's bill wisely addresses this issue by excluding  several items from the calculation of QM  [[Page H911]]  points and fees. The bill excludes charges paid to an affiliate of the  lender for title examination or title insurance services and insurance  premiums held in escrow.   By excluding these items from the calculation, the bill will allow  more loans to qualify as QM, opening up more credit to potential home  buyers, and it will facilitate one-stop shopping. This is good for the  community financial institutions that many Americans rely on for their  financial service products. It will help our constituents back home  access the funds they need to accomplish the dream of homeownership.   Chairman Huizenga's legislation provides smart, targeted relief from  the unintended consequences of burdensome regulations. Again, banks  aren't making loans. We want to encourage those first-time home buyers,  the moderate-income home buyers to be able to have access to mortgages.  That is why I support this bill, and I again urge my colleagues to vote  for the Mortgage Choice Act.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   I don't think I heard my colleague correctly when he said that this  bill had something to do with encouraging first-time home buyers. It  has nothing to do with encouraging first-time home buyers.   As a matter of fact, if we proceed with this bill that is before us  today that they are supporting, it will discourage first-time home  buyers and home buyers in general because what they are doing is they  are increasing the possibility for more points and fees that have to be  paid when we have a cap now at 3 percent, which any reasonable person  would know makes good sense.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   