 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Lacy Clay for  [[Page H1349]]  yielding time, as well as Ranking Member Elijah Cummings and Chairman  Trey Gowdy for their support in bringing this bill to the floor.   I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4406, my bill to designate the  post office located at 99 Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the  Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Building.   The Tuskegee Airmen hold a historic significance as the first Black  military aviators to serve in the U.S. Army Air Corps during the peak  of World War II. At the time, racial segregation remained in the U.S.  Armed Forces as well as much of the country. These men were treated as  second-class citizens, and much of the military establishment believed  back then that Black soldiers were inferior to White soldiers. The  Tuskegee Airmen proved them wrong.   Collectively, they earned more than 150 Distinguished Flying Crosses,  and they flew missions in secondhand P-40 planes, which were slower and  more difficult to maneuver. Yet, in their more than 200 escort  missions, the Tuskegee Airmen had a better success rate than any other  escort groups of the 15th Air Force.   The Tuskegee Airmen were active in fighting against Jim Crow laws in  the South, and their success and bravery encouraged the eventual  integration of the U.S. Armed Forces. Many of the men who served in  this squadron dedicated their lives to fighting for racial equality and  civil rights.   Among the Tuskegee Airmen was a 26-year-old second lieutenant of  Dominican heritage named Esteban Hotesse. Mr. Hotesse immigrated to the  United States through Ellis Island at the age of 4 with his mother. He  went on to serve as a pilot for 3 years with the Tuskegee Airmen before  being killed during a military exercise in 1945.   Naming this post office after the Tuskegee Airmen is a fitting  tribute to honor their memory and contributions to this country. I am  proud to have sponsored this bill and look forward to the Tuskegee  Airmen's legacy living on in my district for many, many years to come.   