 Mr. Speaker, on Monday and Tuesday, no votes are  expected in the House.   On Wednesday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m.  for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.   On Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon  for legislative business.   On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business.  Last votes are expected no later than 3 p.m.   Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next  week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business  today.   In addition, the House will consider H.R. 3798, the Save American  Workers Act, sponsored by Representative Jackie Walorski. This package  of bills will reduce unnecessary burdens on employers by restoring the  40-hour full-time workweek, providing relief from the employer mandate,  delaying the Cadillac tax until 2023, and saving small businesses time  and money in compliance costs.   Mr. Speaker, the House also plans to vote on the conference report to  accompany H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and  Military Construction and Veterans' Affairs Appropriations Act of 2019.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, additional legislative items are possible in  the House, including WRDA, which represents a critical investment in  America's infrastructure. As soon as items are added to our schedule, I  will be sure to inform all Members.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Not at this moment, but I hope that it will be today. All the reports  are there. It is just finishing a very few items, and I expect it to be  done today.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his question.  Just as I announced, next week, the House is expected to send the full  year appropriations for three bills directly to the President's desk.  And just this week, we entered into conference with the Senate on six  additional bills. These nine bills make up 87 percent of the  discretionary budget and represents the most appropriation bills in  conference at any point in the last 20 years.   I am encouraged by the work our committees are doing, and I believe  that we are making good progress. As soon as further items are  scheduled for the floor, I will be sure to inform the Members.   But the gentleman's question is about a continuing resolution. I want  to focus on appropriations, because we have never been at this point in  the last 20 years, and I would like to get as many, if not all of them,  done before we depart, and we can deal with the continuing resolution  with whatever is left when that moment comes.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I have no changes to the schedule at this time, but I am always  encouraged. If we get all of our work done, there wouldn't be a point  to be here. But as of now, we don't have our work done, so we will need  to finish the job.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   As the gentleman knows, in the farm bill, we are still in conference  on that; and then additional items, I would like to deal with and get  done before we depart, yes.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I continue to monitor the conference reports.   I was talking to Chairman Conaway just this week, along with his  counterparts over in the Senate. They are making progress. But as we  know, I was hopeful that the first minibus, that we could have voted on  that today. But I do think the conference will finish up for us to be  able to vote on that next week.   So as these come together, as soon as they are done, I would like to  be able to vote and finish as much business as we can before the end of  the year.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his question.   I do not want to slow the conference for their work and others, but I  would like to see us finish that. And, of course, we do not want those  items to expire, so we would deal with that at the appropriate time.  But as of now, if we can solve them and vote for the continuation, I  would take that up first.   