 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Thank you, Mr. President.   The legislation we are considering today has been portrayed as  modest, not that big of a deal, that it doesn't matter that much, that  it is something narrow to help community banks and credit unions and  regional lenders like the three institutions in my State--Huntington,  Key, and Fifth Third--all pretty much things I support. Unfortunately,  that is really not the only thing this bill does.   I tried for months to work with Chairman Crapo, whom I respect and  admire--and I mean that. People say those things on the floor, but I  actually mean that. I tried for months to work with Chairman Crapo on a  commonsense package of reforms aimed at community banks and credit  unions and small and midsized financial institutions. We had a lot of  agreement on that. Then the creep began. Then the expansion began. Then  leaking into this process were all kinds of help for all kinds of  bigger banks.   These are the local lenders that we want to help to fuel home  ownership and small business in our community. I get that. These are  the community banks in Lakeview, Cleveland, Milford, Parma, and West  Chester, the banks that we lost when the big banks crashed the economy  a decade ago.   I know people in this institution--especially those who get lots of  money from Wall Street--like to blame Dodd-Frank for so many community  banks going out of business, but it was really what led up to the  crash, including the crash, that caused so many community banks to go  out of business.   Here is how this place works. I think most Senators understand this.  If they don't understand it, they don't want to understand it. When the  big banks and when Wall Street and the lobbyists--and there are  hundreds of them for big banks in this town--when the big banks spot  some legislation crawling through this body, when they see a bill in  front of the Senate or the House that might help some small  institutions, do you know what they do? They see an opportunity. They  see an opportunity to grab more for themselves. It is the history of  this country. We know what happens whenever Congress listens to Wall  Street and listens to the big banks and Wall Street and the big banks  get their way. Inevitably, the economy stumbles or, worse, crashes  because we have given too much to the big banks. They put too much risk  on the system, and in places like my ZIP Code in Cleveland, OH--ZIP  Code 44105--my ZIP Code in 2007 had more foreclosures than any ZIP Code  in the  [[Page S1425]]  United States of America. That is not because people in my ZIP Code  have anything about them that they deserved this; that is just what  happens in an economy when the big banks get too powerful, when Wall  Street runs Congress, and we see what happens.   Now we see Wall Street moving in, trying to grab more for themselves  despite the fact that some of these big banks wouldn't exist today  without taxpayer bailouts of a decade ago. We remember what happened.  This body bailed out the biggest Wall Street banks, which didn't  deserve it, to be sure. But we didn't bail out the big banks--at least  most of us didn't--to help the big banks, we bailed out the big banks  to help Main Street, to help the economy.   So these Wall Street lobbyists have swarmed into this institution to  grab more for themselves despite the fact that they wouldn't exist  today without taxpayer bailouts, despite the fact that Wall Street  banks are now making record profits, and despite the fact that the tax  cut this body just jammed through Congress--81 percent of the recent  tax cuts from the end of last year, 81 percent of that bill over time  will go to the richest 1 percent of the people in this country.   You have taxpayers bailing out the big banks, then you have this huge  tax cut go to the big banks, and now they want more. They want this  legislation that will weaken rules and make the big banks even more  profitable. They always want more. Understand, it is American history.  It is what we have seen in the last 10 years. It is what we have seen  since the Great Depression seven decades ago. The big banks always want  more, and it is always at the expense of everyone else. This  legislation gives them exactly what they want.   Listen to this. Not long ago, a bank lobbyist--one of the top bank  lobbyists working for the American Bankers Association--said: We don't  want a seat at the table, we want the whole table. They are about to  get it under this bill--the whole table.   This bill weakens stress tests for the 38 biggest banks in the  country, including Wells Fargo, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, HSBC,  Citigroup. You know these banks. These banks in the aggregate are  almost half of the assets of banks in our country--banks that together  took $239 billion in taxpayer bailouts. Now, $239 billion--that is 239  thousand million dollars. That is a whole lot of money.   Stress tests are the best tool we have to make sure another bailout  never happens again. This bill weakens these tests. It changes the  requirement from present law--semi-annual stress tests. So instead of  having these tests twice a year, they are now going to be periodic.  What does periodic mean? Well, we don't know. The bill doesn't define  it. Former Fed Governor Dan Tarullo, the architect of many of these  post-crisis reforms, has called this provision ``quite vague, with  little indication of what kind of test is contemplated for these  banks.''   We also know something else. When Congress writes vague laws using  words like ``periodic''--vague, versus specific--``semi-annual''--when  Congress writes vague laws, bank lawyers, who are really good, very  smart, and very well paid, can drive a truck right through those  loopholes. We know that.   Do we really want to give the current crowd in charge more leeway--a  White House that looks like a retreat for Wall Street executives? We  are talking about an administration stocked with former bank  executives. Are these really the people we want to give the  opportunity--are these the people we want to trust to interpret vague  words like ``periodic''?   This legislation weakens oversight of foreign banks operating in the  United States, many of which have a track record of breaking U.S. laws.  Think about that. We are not only deregulating a number of these large  banks in this country, we have singled out that we are going to give a  break to foreign banks.   Let me talk about the rap sheet of some of these foreign banks.  Santander, a Spanish bank, illegally repossessed cars from members of  the military who were serving our country overseas. Think about that.  We have somebody from Wright-Patterson Air Force Base who is serving  overseas. Santander repossessed her car or his car when he or she was  serving overseas. Yet we are going to give a break to that Spanish  bank?   Deutsche Bank, the President's favorite--President Trump, the  businessman Trump's favorite bank--Deutsche Bank manipulated the  benchmark interest rates used to set borrowers' mortgages. So we are  going to give Deutsche Bank a break? We are going to deregulate part of  Deutsche Bank?   Barclays, a British bank, manipulated electric energy prices in  Western U.S. markets. My constituents don't live in those areas that  were hurt by that, but a whole lot of people do in this country.   Credit Suisse, a Swiss bank, illegally did business with Iran. I know  what the Presiding Officer, the Senator from Arkansas, thinks about  Iran. Yet we are going to vote--he is going to vote--all of us are  going to vote for a bill that rewards a Swiss bank that illegally did  business with Iran? Is that the message we want to send? I guess it is.   UBS, another Swiss bank, sold toxic mortgage-backed securities. It  goes on and on and on. We are rewarding these foreign banks that have  defrauded our constituents and our government and clearly don't have  much regard for U.S. law, and we are going to give them breaks.   Again, we have heard from Governor Tarullo, we have heard from former  Fed Chair Volcker, we have heard from former Deputy Secretary of the  Treasury Sarah Bloom Raskin on this. They don't want to loosen foreign  bank oversight, and they are joined by Republican former regulators,  like Sheila Bair, Tom Hoenig, and others, who think this bill doesn't  make sense.   The bill also requires the Fed to further weaken the rules just for  the dozen or so banks with $250 billion in assets. It subverts the  Fed's independence; it subjects the Fed to pressure from FSOC and the  Treasury Secretary--the same Treasury Secretary who foreclosed on  40,000 Americans at OneWest. We are giving more power to help the banks  to a Treasury Secretary who, before he became Treasury Secretary,  played a major role in foreclosing 40,000 homes, including hundreds of  homes in my State of Ohio. It opens the door for more lawsuits when  banks try to avoid the rules they don't like.   The former Commodities Futures Trading Commission Chair, Gary  Gensler, wrote to the Senate last week that this change ``may subject  the government to additional lobbying and possible litigation from  individual banks seeking specially tailored rules.''   Back about 10 years ago, when President Obama signed the Dodd-Frank  law, that same day, the top financial service lobbyists in this town-- the day Obama signed the bill, the day the President signed Dodd-Frank,  the head of the top financial services lobbyists in this town said:  Well, folks, now it is halftime.   What did he mean? He meant, OK, we lost the first half, but we are  going to go to work to do everything we can to block and misinterpret  and reinterpret and eventually scale back and repeal as much of this  law as we can. They went to work on the agencies. This is the  culmination of their efforts. They now have a pro-Wall Street majority  in the Senate, a pro-Wall Street majority in the House, a President  whose office looks as if it is a retreat for Wall Street executives,  and they are ready to go to help Wall Street, even though--I don't know  when; maybe the Senator from Massachusetts knows--1 year, 2 years, 5  years, 10 years, 20 years from now, it makes a bailout more likely.   In fact, the Congressional Budget Office recently said that this bill  will make a bailout more likely and that it is a $672 million giveaway  to Wall Street.   This bill makes another change to big bank rules that now stops them  from borrowing more money than they can afford. The New York Times  described this provision as weakening rules ``aimed at keeping banks  from being able to take big risks without properly preparing for a  disaster.'' Just let that sink in, because Ohio families know how bad a  disaster can be; ``aimed at keeping banks from being able to take big  risks without properly preparing for a disaster,'' isn't that what we  want?  [[Page S1426]]    Don't we want bank regulators, don't we want bank rules to stop the  big banks from taking risks that could end up in a disaster? As I said,  my neighborhood knows what disaster is. As I said, in 2007, there were  more foreclosures in my ZIP Code in the first half of that year than in  any other ZIP Code in America.   Families in my State were hurt by this. People lost retirement  accounts, people lost their homes, people lost their jobs, plants  closed--all of that.   Wall Street lobbyists came out of that last disaster just fine. I am  thinking that probably none of them had their houses foreclosed on. I  know that nobody who tanked the economy went to jail. So folks in New  York and Washington, most of them are doing fine. They might not  appreciate what disaster means when we talk about the economy, but Ohio  families who lost their homes and their life savings know what that  means.   Do you know what else? For 14 years in a row, there were more  foreclosures in my State each year than there were the previous year.  OK, that is a statistic, and maybe you don't know any of those people.  Well, the fact is that every time that happened, people lost their  possessions. Their lives were turned upside down. Their kids may have  had to go to a different school. They probably lost their family pet  because they couldn't afford it. It was one thing after another for  those families. We don't think much about them.   Here is how to think about this rollback. Bank capital requirements  are like a dam that keeps the risks inside the bank. It keeps the risks  from flooding out into the rest of the economy. So if the banks are  going to take risks, you want to keep them contained in the bank so  that only the bank gets hurt, but this bill punches a hole in that dam  by loosening the rules on five of the biggest banks. Once the dam  starts to leak, it is more likely that bad decisions by those banks  could spill out and harm taxpayers and retirees and bank customers.   These banks have $5 trillion in combined assets. Should we feel safer  with a weaker dam around a potential $5 trillion flood of banking  assets? If that weren't bad enough, we have a team of lapdogs at our  financial agencies who think this bill is just a starting point. Think  about who they are. I don't come to this floor and attack individual  people, but I do come to this floor and point out the history of some  of these regulators.   Secretary of the Treasury Mnuchin was a bank executive who ran a bank  that foreclosed on thousands of customers, many of them unfairly or  possibly illegally. One of his top people, Mr. Otting, is the new  Comptroller of the Currency. Mulvaney is the new Director of the  Consumer Bureau, and he thinks the Consumer Bureau shouldn't even  exist. Those are the kinds of regulators we see. Randal Quarles is the  head of supervision at the Federal Reserve, and he said as late as 2006  or 2007 in the Bush Treasury Department that things were fine in our  country. These are the people we have entrusted to do the regulations,  to hold back this dam that they have weakened legislatively. They are  the ones who are charged with holding it back.    If we want to help community banks, let's help community banks. Let's  not try to sell it the same way this majority sold the tax cut bill.  They said that it was a tax cut for the middle class, but 81 percent of  the benefits over time went to the wealthiest 1 percent, so it wasn't a  tax cut for the middle class any more than this was a bill for  community bankers.   The community bankers will get some help. I want to do that. I know  Senator Warren wants to, and I know all of us on the floor want to do  that, but that is not what this bill really does. If we want to help  community banks, let's help community banks. If we want to help credit  unions, let's help credit unions. If we want to help regionals like  Fifth Third and Huntington and KeyBank in my State, let's help the  regionals like that.   Why do the biggest banks have to say: Give me more; give me more;  give me more.   Let's take Wells Fargo. What has Wells Fargo done to deserve an ounce  of leniency? This is a bank that created more than 3.5 million fake  accounts, including hundreds in my State. It is a bank that illegally  forced unwanted auto insurance on its customers and charged homeowners  improper fees to lock in their mortgage rates. So why would we want to  help them with this bill? Just last week, the bank disclosed yet more  problems with its money management unit. So why do we want to help  Wells Fargo with this bill? It is a bank that outsources jobs. Six  hundred call center jobs have been sent overseas by Wells Fargo just in  the last year. So why do we want to help that bank in this bill? For  those lucky enough to keep their jobs, it is a bank that mistreats its  workers, punishing them with a high-pressure sales culture, and some of  them lost their jobs as a result. Yet this bank, like the other big  banks--they want more, more, more. I don't know why, but this Congress  wants to give it to them, apparently.   What has the Senate done to respond to Wells Fargo's misbehavior?  Well, first of all, Republicans a couple of months ago passed a $1.5  trillion--that is 1,000 billion--tax cut, and one of the biggest  beneficiaries was Wells Fargo. What did they do with that money? They  say that they gave a little bit to employees. They say that maybe they  will invest a little more. What they really did--they announced that  they are going to buy back $22 billion of stock this year. When they  buy back stock, the price of the stock goes up, and executives and  shareholders are enriched. So the stock buyback investment--the $22  billion they are spending to buy back stock--is 288 times what Wells  Fargo will spend on pay raises for its workers. So it gives a little  bit to its workers. Whatever it gave to its workers, multiplied by  almost 300--that is what the executives and the shareholders are going  to get. So why are we doing favors for Wells Fargo in this bill?   I don't mean to pick only on them. It is not just Wells Fargo.   What has HSBC done to deserve special treatment? Since the crisis,  the Department of Justice prosecuted the bank for laundering money on  behalf of the Sinaloa drug cartel. In the midst of an addiction crisis,  we are going to reward a bank that illegally laundered money for a drug  cartel?   Why are we doing any favors for Citigroup? Last month, Citigroup  announced it had systematically overcharged almost 2 million of its  customers on their credit cards.   Why are we giving a single ounce of help to these big banks? They are  repeat offenders. Not only are they repeat offenders--and as we help  these big banks in this bill, we say we want to help the community  banks--these repeat offender big banks are banks that compete with our  local lenders and probably will put more and more of them out of  business as these bigger banks get more and more powerful.   The four biggest banks held 6 percent of industry assets in 1984. In  1984, 33 years ago, 34 years ago, the four largest banks in the country  held 6 percent of industry assets. Today, the four largest banks hold  51 percent of industry assets. So what we are doing is giving them  more--what we are doing is giving them more. Think about that. Thirty- plus years ago, the biggest banks held $1 of every $16 of banking  assets. Now they hold $1 out of every $2. Think about how many  community banks these big banks have been able to gobble up. This bill  will lead to more consolidation, more concentration, fewer customer  choices, less investor choice.   One article from American Banker talking about this bill said it  could ``kick-start bank mergers and acquisitions.'' What that means in  plain English is that big banks will get bigger. So we are helping the  big banks get bigger, and we are falling over ourselves this week to  help these banks because they just don't have enough. But we are doing  nothing for consumers this week. We are doing nothing for workers,  nothing for those tipped employees that the Department of Labor is  cheating out of their tips and basically legalizing wage theft. We are  doing nothing for middle-class workers. We are doing nothing for those  supervisors making $30,000, $40,000 a year, who are having their  overtime taken from them. We are doing nothing for them.   If we are trying to help our community banks and credit unions, why  give favors to their big competitors--to the big banks?  [[Page S1427]]    This isn't the weather. We can do something about the challenges Ohio  faces. We can stop these crises that tear apart families and entire  communities. We can do that by stopping this bill, to begin with.   Don't take my word for it. The Congressional Budget Office says that  the risk of another financial crisis is very low right now because of  the rules we passed in Dodd-Frank. Just dwell on that for a moment.  They said that the risk of another financial crisis right now is very  low because of the rules we passed in Dodd-Frank, but they went on and  said that this bill increases the risk of another bank failure and  another bank bailout.   All of my particularly conservative friends in this body always talk  about how they hate bailouts. They are always against bailouts. They  are against bailouts for middle-class families. Their voting record  doesn't really show that they are against bailouts for the rich, but  that is a whole other subject.   This bill that we are about to vote on this week, this bill that the  banking industry is salivating over, this bill that they just can't  wait to pass and get to the President's desk--and we know all the  advisers sitting around the President, all the people in the Oval  Office, all the people in the Cabinet room are all whispering in the  President's ear: Mr. President, you are going to sign this bill, and  this is going to be great.   The President said in his campaign: We have to go after Dodd-Frank.  All the big bankers in the country know this is going to be a great  thing.   We are spending all this time doing this to help the big banks but,  again, nothing for workers, nothing for middle-class employees, nothing  for consumers, nothing for infrastructure--all the things we ought to  be doing.   I am just not willing to ask taxpayers to take that gamble of  increasing the chances of another bank bailout. We don't have to. We  could amend this bill just to help the small community banks and credit  unions that we all agree should be helped. We could amend this bill in  a modest way to help the regional banks that have generally been good  actors in this equation. I am offering amendments this week that would  do just that.   We don't have to give the big banks more just because they come here,  just because they have the best lobbyists, just because they ask for  it. We don't have to be at their beck and call. Let's do this right  this week.   I yield the floor.   