 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today is a monumental day. Today is the  day the U.S. Senate votes on the future of the internet, the most  powerful platform for commerce and communications in the history of the  planet. Today, we show the American people who sides with them and who  sides with the powerful special interests and corporate donors who are  thriving under this administration.   Today, we vote on my Congressional Review Act resolution to save net  neutrality. Net neutrality may sound complicated, but it is actually  very simple. After you pay your monthly internet bill, you should be  able to access all content on the web at the same speed--no slowing  down certain websites, no blocking websites, and no charging you more  to exercise your 21st century right to access the internet. It is as  simple as that.   If that sounds like common sense, you are not alone. In fact,  according to a recent poll, 86 percent of Americans support net  neutrality. This isn't a partisan issue; 82 percent of Republicans  support net neutrality.   Every day, we are told that this country is more divided than ever,  that our differences outnumber our similarities. Well, the American  people agree on net neutrality. They agree that the internet is for  everyone. They agree that we cannot afford to blindly trust a few  internet service providers--AT&T, Comcast, Verizon, Charter--to put  consumers first. Yet, once again, the Trump administration has  neglected the will of everyday Americans and given a gift to the rich  and the powerful.   In December, the Trump Federal Communications Commission eliminated  the very rules that prevent your internet service provider from  indiscriminately charging more for internet fast lanes, slowing down  websites, blocking websites, and making it harder and maybe even  impossible for entrepreneurs, job creators, and small businesses--the  lifeblood of the American economy--to connect to the internet.   The Trump Federal Communications Commission picked clear winners and  losers when it repealed net neutrality. When the Federal Communications  Commission decision takes effect on June 11, Big Telecom will have new  tools to inflate profits, but Americans and small businesses that use  the internet to do their jobs, communicate with each other, and  participate in civic life will be left defenseless.   Don't be fooled by the army of lobbyists marching the Halls of  Congress on behalf of the big internet service providers. They say that  we don't need these rules because the internet service providers will  self-regulate. Blocking, throttling, paid prioritization--these harms  are alarmist and hypothetical, they say. Well, that simply is not the  case. These practices are very real, and in a world without net  neutrality, they may become the new normal. But don't just take my word  for it. Let's look at the facts.  [[Page S2690]]    In 2007, an Associated Press investigation found that Comcast was  blocking or severely slowing down BitTorrent, a website that allowed  consumers to share video, music, and video game files. From 2007 to  2009, AT&T forced Apple to block Skype and other competing services  from using AT&T's wireless network to encourage users to purchase more  voice minutes. In 2011, Verizon blocked Google Wallet to protect a  competing service it had a financial stake in developing and promoting.   There is no shortage of evidence that we need clear and enforceable  rules of the road so that these discriminatory practices do not become  commonplace schemes that consumers and small businesses must suffer  through without any options for recourse.   This isn't the first time Congress has had to step in to protect the  integrity of the marketplace. In the 1800s, we didn't have the  information superhighway. We had railroads. American farmers used  trains to deliver their products to consumers, and powerful railroad  trusts started charging certain farmers higher rates to move their  goods. Congress stepped in and passed the Sherman Antitrust Act to put  a stop to this price discrimination.   Today, we have left the steam engine era, and we have moved into the  search engine era. Internet service providers are the 21st century  trusts controlling the channels of commerce. And in 2018, many American  job creators aren't moving alfalfa seeds; they are moving kernels of  ideas for the next big app, the next new startup.   Net neutrality is about continuing the American tradition of  promoting competition and providing the level economic playing field we  need to continue to prosper in this rapidly changing global economy.  But net neutrality isn't just an economic issue; it is also central to  the health of our democracy.   Over the past several months and years, Americans all over the  country from all walks of life have mobilized and marched, fighting for  progress and change--Black Lives Matter, the Women's March, the ``me  too.'' movement, high school students demanding gun control, teachers  calling for fair pay. Today citizens of all walks of life are carrying  the torch of American activism, and they are doing it online.   In 2018, this is how the American people are organizing. This is how  the American people are doing the indispensable work of an active  citizenry. This is how the American people are speaking truth to power.   Asking individuals to pay extra to speak out for what they believe  in, allowing companies to stifle or even block access to certain  ideas--that isn't who we are as a country. It isn't consistent with the  values of nondiscrimination. Net neutrality is the free speech issue of  our time, and the well-being of our precious democracy depends on the  public having equal, unfettered access to the internet.   Today, the U.S. Senate will show its true colors. It will either heed  the calls of thousands of small businesses that have written in support  of this Congressional Review Act resolution and the millions of  Americans who have sent letters, posted tweets, and made calls  defending net neutrality or the Senate will give another present to the  rich and the powerful.   The Senate will either follow the example of Governors, State  legislators, and attorneys general all over the country who are  fighting to save the internet as we know it or it will let President  Trump, once again, break his campaign promise of putting average  Americans ahead of swampy special interests. It will either stand up  for the principles that have allowed the U.S. internet economy to  become the envy of the world or it will make another unforced error  that threatens our long-term competitiveness.   I urge my colleagues to make the decision our constituents--with one  voice--overwhelmingly are asking us to make. I urge my colleagues to  vote yes on this Congressional Review Act resolution to restore net  neutrality, to restore the principle of nondiscrimination, to restore  the protections for small startups, for individuals in our country so  that they cannot be discriminated against online.   This is net neutrality day here on the floor of the U.S. Senate.  Today is the day of reckoning, when the Trump Federal Communications  Commission is going to have their act judged by the U.S. Senate. My  hope is that before the end of this day, the Senate will vote to  overturn the Trump FCC and restore net neutrality, restore the  principle of nondiscrimination, restore the principle of equality,  restore the principle that small software and internet startups are  given the same protections that the biggest companies in our country  are provided.   Today is the day. Net neutrality is the vote that will determine  whether we are going to give those protections to every American.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Will the Senator yield?    I thank the Senator.   Mr. President, I wanted to follow up on that very important point  that the Senator was making, which is that these big companies are all  saying: You don't have to worry because we don't have any intention of  discriminating.   Then we say: Well, that is what net neutrality says, that you should  not discriminate, that you should treat everybody equally.   Then they turn around and say: Oh, you can trust us, but take the  rules off the books that we say that we agree with and that we are  going to abide by.   From my perspective, they are trying to have it both ways, but the  way they really want to have it is with no rules at all. Then, they  will be free to go back to displaying conduct which we know, in the  past, they have engaged in.   Does the Senator agree with that assessment?    Mr. President, I thank the Senator because, I think, that  is what he identified 12 years ago when he introduced a net neutrality  bill here in the Senate and what I had identified over in the House. We  worked together on it at that time, and the need just continues,  especially as we get deeper and deeper into this internet era. It is  almost like oxygen for somebody now, especially for young people, young  entrepreneurs. They need to know that they can gain access to the web  in order to start up their new software or internet companies, but they  shouldn't have to first raise money to pay exorbitant fees to the big  broadband companies. First, they should be free to innovate and not  worry that they be can be discriminated against.   Whether it is in Portland, OR, or in Springfield, MA, it is the same  principle for which we have been trying to stand up for all of these  years. It was the law until December of 2017, when Ajit Pai and the  Trump FCC took it off the books. That is what the debate is about  today: Are we going to put those rules, those nondiscriminatory rules,  back on the books?    Mr. President, by the way, whether it is Burns or the  Berkshires, there are rural parts in every State. We have them, as  well, in Massachusetts. They have the same right of access to a free,  unfettered internet as do the people who live in Cambridge, MA, or in  Portland, OR. The rural parts in every State are entitled to it. The  rural businesses, the farmers should all be able to rely upon--have a  guarantee--its being free, open, and that they are not going to be  discriminated against.   That is why I wanted to get up and thank the Senator for his historic  leadership on this issue. He was there at the dawn of this whole era,  and he continues to ensure that the internet is infused with the values  that, I think, our Nation wants to have reflected.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as we conclude this part of the debate, I  will just take note of the fact that the American Association of  Retired People today has come out in favor of the open internet order,  which is the restoring of net neutrality principles, which follows on  what the former head of the Gray Panthers, the Senator from the State  of Oregon, Mr. Wyden, raised today--the need to ensure that everyone  gets the full protection of net neutrality rules.   The votes we are about to cast are nothing short of the most  consequential votes on the internet in the history of this body. We  will take the important step to reaffirm the principles of  nondiscrimination online or we will allow a few companies to control  how we access the internet. We will stand up for the small app  developer with a bright idea to change the world or we give another  gift to the powerful corporate interests and their lobbyists in the  District of Columbia. We will take a stand to protect our online  economy or we will say goodbye to the internet as we know it.   In 2018, essentially every company is an internet company. In my  State of Massachusetts and in every other State, tech underpins the  economy of the United States today. In 2017, almost half of all venture  capital in the United States was invested into internet and software  startups. That is over $34 billion.   This is working. This is capitalism at its best. This is small  business being able to receive the capital it needs in order to start  new companies in our country. Small businesses are the ones that hire  new people who do innovation. That is what the venture capital industry  is indicating by pouring money into these smaller companies under a  regime of net neutrality.   So we found the secret recipe. When we take a democratized platform,  with endless opportunity for communication, and add American ingenuity,  the result is economic growth and innovation. What we are doing is  working. With net neutrality protections in place, there is no problem  that needs fixing.   This fight began when Senator Wyden and I introduced net neutrality  as legislation back more than a decade ago. I introduced it, Senator  Wyden introduced it, because we knew then the internet was the most  powerful and pervasive platform in the history of the world. Since  then, the importance of the internet has skyrocketed, and the movement  to protect it has followed suit. Millions of Americans are raising  their voices for net neutrality because they know the power of the  internet. They know it can categorize staggering commercial growth,  they know it can create endless connections, and they know it can  change the course of civilization in fractions of a second.   A vote against net neutrality is a vote to change the fundamental  character of the internet. A vote for net neutrality is a vote for  America's future. I urge each and every one of my colleagues to vote  yes on this resolution.    Madam President, I move to proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 406, S.J. Res. 52.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, Senator  Thune's bill is problematic both substantively and procedurally. There  have been no committee hearings on his proposal, and it is not yet ripe  for consideration here on the Senate floor. As a result, I object.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I thank the Presiding Officer, and I thank  all of my colleagues here today. This has been a very important debate  to have on the floor of the U.S. Senate. It is a debate over whether we  are going to continue to have a free and open internet. This vote is a  test of the U.S. Senate, and the American people are watching very  closely.   This vote is about small businesses, librarians, schoolteachers,  innovators, social advocates, YouTubers, college students, and millions  of other Americans who have spoken with one voice to say: Access to the  internet is our right, and we will not sit idly by while this  administration stomps on that right.   This vote is our moment to show our constituents that the U.S. Senate  can break through the partisanship and break past the powerful outside  influences to do the right thing--the right thing for our economy, the  right thing for our democracy, the right thing for our consumers, and  the right thing for our future.   This is common sense to Americans around the country, with the only  exception being telecom lobbyists and lawyers inside the beltway. How  do I know? Because 86 percent of all Americans in polling agree that  net neutrality should stay on the books as the law of the United  States.   The public is telling us loudly and clearly to vote for this  resolution. They are telling us they don't trust their internet service  provider to show up on time for a customer service appointment at their  house, so they certainly don't trust them to put consumers ahead of  profits.   They are telling us that once they pay their internet bill, they  expect fair access to the internet. They are telling us they are sick  of the special interests getting their way while the rest of us get the  short end of the stick.   So I ask each and every one of my colleagues today to heed the calls  of the American people to keep the internet open, to keep the principle  of nondiscrimination at the heart of what the internet has been and  must continue to be, not just for the most powerful voices but for  those who have the smallest voices inside of our society. That includes  entrepreneurs who just last year received half of all venture capital  in the United States which went to software and internet startups. That  is what we need. We need to understand how this incredibly chaotic  entrepreneurial system in our country works, and at the heart of it is  net neutrality.   Just 2 weeks ago, in Massachusetts, I had a meeting with 500 people  on net neutrality. I invited Tim Berners-Lee, the inventor of the  worldwide web.   Tim Berners-Lee was selected by Time magazine as one of the 20  greatest thinkers, scientists, and innovators of the 20th century. Who  else was on the list with him? Sigmund Freud, Edison, Henry Ford.   Tim Berners-Lee is the inventor of the worldwide web, the organizing  principle of the web. What he said is, the principles of  nondiscrimination are baked into the internet. It was his intent to  have it work that way so there could be no discrimination. What we are  talking about is a fundamental change. The largest companies now want  to implement fundamental change in order for them to ensure that  competitors cannot compete as well as they could if they could not be  discriminated against--that consumers have the protections they need so  they are not harmed, and so this innovation economy can continue to  unleash itself for the benefit of the United States, so we are, No. 1,  looking over our shoulders at Nos. 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 in the world.   The internet and its success is a story about the United States being  No. 1, not any individual company, and certainly not a small handful of  broadband companies. That is why the rest of the world envies what we  have in our country, this incredible engine of innovation which has  created millions of new jobs since the 1996 Telecommunications Act was  passed, since this digital revolution was unleashed. We must keep these  principles intact.   That is what we are debating here today on the floor of the United  States Senate. We are debating what the principles should be for this  organizing principle of our country for the 21st century, which is the  internet. From my perspective, the only way in which every American,  every entrepreneur, every new idea is going to have a shot at helping  to make our country better is if net neutrality stays on the books.   So this is a defining vote, the most important vote that we are going  to have in this generation, on the internet. The whole country is  watching. Eighty-six percent of all voters support net neutrality, 82  percent of all Republicans support net neutrality. If it is not broke,  don't fix it. It is working, and it works for the smallest voices and  for the largest voices. What these huge internet companies, the  internet service providers, want to do is change the rules, tilt the  playing field.   It was a long route to get to this era. We had one telephone company,  one cable company, monopolies going into people's homes. It took a lot  to get away from that era so that smaller voices, newer voices could be  heard. When that happened, it unleashed trillions of dollars of  private-sector investment the software and internet companies, these  innovators, were now able to gain access to. They could have done it if  the rules made it possible before we changed the laws in the 1990s. But  since then, they have--and they have reinvented, not just the United  States of America, but they have reinvented the whole world. There is a  vocabulary which has been created since 1996, words that now everyone  thinks are common: Google, Amazon, E-Bay, Hulu, You Tube. They didn't  exist. They didn't have a role in our society. We had to change the  rules in order to make it possible for them. There is a whole new  generations of companies whose names we do not know yet, but because of  net neutrality they will be known. They will be the job creators for  the next several decades in our country.   So I thank all Members who participated in this debate. There won't  be a more important one that we have, because it goes right to the  heart of our identity as a free and open society. I urge my fellow  Senators to vote yes on my Congressional Review Act resolution to  restore the net neutrality rules to the books.   Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of my time.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   