 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and the gentleman  from Michigan (Mr. Huizenga) for yielding time for me to speak on what  I think is a very important bill.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this bill, the bill  which is entitled Building Up Independent Lives and Dreams Act, also  better known as the BUILD Act. This bill is proof that, even in this  Chamber, we can rise above politics and let common sense prevail  occasionally.   I would like to first start by thanking my colleagues on both sides  of the aisle who have worked with me and my staff to make this a very  strong, bipartisan effort. I appreciate my colleague Mr. Sherman, who  just spoke, for negotiating reasonable changes to the bill and for  being an original cosponsor. I also want to thank Ms. Tenney, Ms.  Velazquez, and Mr. Budd for their work and for cosponsoring the bill as  well.   Mr. Speaker, the Dodd-Frank Act required the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau to combine the TILA loan estimate and the RESPA  closing disclosure forms into one integrated form, which, as you have  heard, is called the TRID.   While the TRID forms were well intended to help ensure that home  buyers receive essential information about the costs and terms of their  home loan, the TRID rule has some unintended consequences on nonprofit  organizations such as Habitat for Humanity.   The TRID rule is a whopping 1,888 pages long and is very complicated.  The forms include sections on balloon loans and adjustable-rate  mortgages, things that may be relevant to traditional mortgage lenders  but are not applicable to nonprofits that solely offer low-cost housing  to needy families. The complex and complicated TRID forms cause  confusion to Habitat home buyers, staff, and their volunteers.   Besides the complexity, the TRID disclosures require software for  lenders to be able to fill them out, which has been too costly for many  local Habitat organizations. The vast majority of the more than 1,200  local Habitat affiliates nationwide are small, community-based  organizations with very small mortgage portfolios and few, if any,  full-time staff.   These organizations have experienced challenges with the cost and  complexity of these new mortgage disclosure forms. To address these  problems, the BUILD Act relieves charities from the costs and the  complexity of the TRID rule but ensures that the terms of these  mortgage loans are disclosed.   Currently, all mortgage lenders making five or fewer loans a year are  exempt from TRID and, instead, use the same mortgage disclosure forms  that were in place before Dodd-Frank. The BUILD Act simply extends this  exemption to nonprofits which are eligible for tax-exempt charitable  donations and are making zero interest mortgage loans, regardless of  how many mortgage loans they are making per year.   The BUILD Act will allow local Habitat organizations to choose  whether to use the previous, simplified reporting or the more complex  TRID reporting. The BUILD Act is supported by Habitat for Humanity  International and the National Housing Conference.   In closing, I want to reiterate that the purpose of this bill is to  help nonprofits spend more time fulfilling their  [[Page H6007]]  mission of providing low-cost housing to needy families and less time  sitting in an office doing regulatory paperwork. The BUILD Act  recognizes that one size does not fit all when it comes to regulating  these charities and gives themselves the flexibility to choose which  mortgage disclosure forms work best for them.   Mr. Speaker, the BUILD Act passed the Financial Services Committee  with a unanimous vote of 53-0. I urge all of my colleagues to support  this bill.   