 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for her co- chairmanship of this caucus. Both Mr. Bilirakis and Mrs. Maloney have  been great champions on this issue, and I am honored and privileged to  work with them.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to join both of my colleagues in celebrating the  important relationship between the United States and Cyprus and in  highlighting the critical role our partnership with Cyprus plays in  advancing both of our nations' national security interests.   The Republic of Cyprus is a strategic partner to the United States in  the eastern Mediterranean region and an effective ally combating  threats posed by terrorism and nuclear proliferation.   Through information sharing, training programs, counterterrorism  activities, and increased cooperation on energy policy, our  relationship with Cyprus allows us to advance our Nation's interests,  defend against the rise of terrorism and regional actors who seek to  take steps counter to American interests, and to promote the ongoing  close cooperation between the United States and Europe.   The U.S. participates in a number of joint exercises with Cyprus,  including annual multinational search and rescue and crisis management  exercises, and we coordinate training programs for Cyprus in explosives  management and disposal, cybersecurity, counterterrorism, and maritime  safety and security.   We work closely with our Cypriot allies to combat the spread of  weapons of mass destruction and foster an effective international  nonproliferation regime.   In 2015, we joined Cyprus as members of the Proliferation Security  Initiative in cohosting a regional nonproliferation workshop focusing  on inspecting and identifying proliferation material. We are also  joining Cyprus in providing more secure sources of domestic energy for  Cyprus and all of Europe.   American companies are playing a valuable role in energy exploration  activities in Cyprus' exclusive economic zone in order to help provide  Europe with potential alternatives to Russian gas and oil. Yet, despite  this critical partnership between our two countries, the United States  has had in place an arms embargo against the island of Cyprus since  1987.   This policy was initially intended to prevent an arms race on the  island with Turkey, following Turkey's 1974 invasion of Cyprus and its  subsequent occupation of the northern territory, in order to provide  space for reunification talks. However, more than 30 years since the  embargo was first implemented, Turkey still has more than 30,000 troops  occupying the northern territory of Cyprus, reunification talks have  not produced intended results, and the U.S. is unable to maintain a  full security relationship with a key partner in combating terrorism.   On top of this, Turkey continues to threaten Cyprus' energy  exploration by continually harassing drilling vessels in the EEZ.  Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs, Wess  Mitchell, has said that this harassment cannot be tolerated.   We need to enact policies that strengthen our relationship with  Cyprus and counteract dangerous elements in the region which threaten  our national security interests and the interests of our allies in the  eastern Mediterranean.   Last year, I introduced legislation to lift the three-decade-old  embargo on Cyprus, which would allow us to strengthen the partnership  that we have built with the Republic of Cyprus. Our inability to  provide Cyprus with necessary equipment needed to defend its  sovereignty and its economic interests threatens our own national  security.   Lifting the arms embargo will allow Cyprus to better establish itself  as a frontline state for Western security interests, defend itself from  external threats, and ensure Cyprus is no longer forced to seek  assistance for its defense from countries like Russia. Cyprus is an  invaluable partner, and we need to make sure that we are treating it as  such.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for organizing this opportunity to  highlight the importance of the U.S.-Cypriot relationship, and I look  forward to working with them, with our State Department, and with the  Cypriot Government to continue to partner in important ways.   