 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, 47 days is how long it has been since  President Trump signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act into law, and what a  47 days it has been. We are already beginning to see what meaningful  tax relief looks like for middle- and working-  [[Page S680]]  class Americans. In just 47 days, well over 3 million American  workers--the people who get up every day and go to work and obey the  law and try to do the right thing by their kids--have received wage  increases, benefits increases, and/or bonuses.   I have heard a number of so-called experts say--and it has been my  experience that the experts are almost always wrong, but that is a  separate subject--that if Congress reduced the corporate tax rate from  40 to 21 percent and if Congress lowered taxes on subchapter S  corporations, LLCs, LLPs, sole proprietorships, and family farms, the  benefits would only be felt by the so-called rich. I, respectfully,  suggest that those 3 million Americans who have received bonuses and  higher wages and more generous benefits--once again, in just 47 days-- would not agree with the experts. In those 47 short days, over 330  companies have passed along their tax savings to their employees.   I am from Louisiana. One of my State's largest employers, JPMorgan  Chase, has increased its minimum wage and expanded benefits for its  hourly workers--real money in higher take-home pay. JPMorgan Chase has  also planned a $20 billion 5-year domestic investment that will benefit  those Americans who own homes, who own small businesses, or those who  would like to someday as part of the American dream.   Honeywell, another well recognized corporation, happens to have a  manufacturing plant in Geismar, LA. Honeywell was quick to increase its  401(k) match for its employees, which helps to ensure certainty for  people in their retirements. BancorpSouth, another company that does  business in Louisiana, gave raises to 70 percent of its employees right  off the bat--within the first 47 days. AT&T has 4,600 employees in  Louisiana. Those employees are going to see $1,000 in bonuses and many  other benefits of a $1 billion increase in investment by the company-- all as a result of the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.   There are other businesses with footprints in Louisiana--businesses  like Home Depot, Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation, Starbucks, Visa, American  Airlines, Capital One, Southwest Airlines, Bank of America, Apple,  Fidelity, Humana, Nationwide, Regions, Verizon, and FedEx, just to name  a few. They also made the list of companies that are passing along  their savings to the American worker.   Furthermore, in my home State of Louisiana, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act  is allowing small businesses to grow and reinvest in their employees  and in their communities. Thanks to the TCJA, or the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act--I hate acronyms, as does the Presiding Officer--the Gulf Coast  Bank & Trust Company, which is a bank in Louisiana--actually, in the  New Orleans metropolitan area--was able to raise its minimum wage to  $12 an hour, nearly doubling the federally mandated minimum wage. The  Gulf Coast Bank & Trust Company was also able to increase its  charitable contributions by $75,000. Maybe, to some, that $75,000 is  mere crumbs, but to the people of Louisiana, that is a lot of money.   Blessey Marine Services, in Harahan, LA, immediately took $1 million  of its tax savings and increased its employees' benefits.   The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act also allowed for a small brewery in  Hammond, LA, to expand. I live about 30 miles away from it. The brewery  is called Gnarly Barley. I love that name, ``Gnarly Barley.'' Gnarly  Barley is going to expand, hire more workers, and provide more benefits  to its existing workers. It is not as big as AT&T, but Gnarly Barley  and the people who work for it are just as important to my State and to  the country.   I would also point out that another Louisiana bank, IBERIABANK  Corporation, is giving 80 percent of its employees $1,000 bonuses. You  can call that a crumb if you want to, but in Louisiana, $1,000 is a lot  of money, and I think it is a lot of money to most Americans.   I could keep going, but I think you get the point. The Tax Cuts and  Jobs Act has promised just about every American family and just about  every American worker and nearly every American business, large and  small, a tax break, and they are already starting to see the effects.   I have said this before, but it bears saying one more time that you  cannot be for jobs if you are against business. You will never hear a  politician say he is against jobs or she is against jobs. Every  politician is for jobs, but you cannot be for jobs if you are against  business.   In order for businessmen and businesswomen to succeed, they need four  things. They need reasonable regulations, they need a well-trained  workforce, they need decent infrastructure, and they need low taxes.  That is what government is supposed to provide. Then government needs  to get out of the way and let the free enterprise system work. Our Tax  Cuts and Jobs Act has provided those low taxes, and I am very proud of  the bill.   Last September, I stood here and talked about the importance of tax  relief for American families, businesses, and industries and for the  overall health of our economy. I didn't know if I would see the day,  but, finally, we are on track to see better than average economic  growth. I am talking about 3-plus percent. We talk about 3 percent  growth as if it is the Holy Grail, but it is just average for the  American economy. Our burdensome Tax Code--it is clear now--was  hamstringing our job creators, limiting productivity, and keeping wages  about as low as they were, adjusted for inflation, in 1999.   The American economy needed a shot in the arm, and that shot in the  arm came 47 days ago. I think the outlook for our economy is better now  than, certainly, it has been in 10 years. I guarantee you that 47 days  from now, it will look even better because the Congress had the courage  to legislate what the American people already knew, and that is that  people can spend the money they earn better than the government can.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield to the Senator from Montana.   