 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, earlier this month, President Trump  announced his choice to fill the vacancy left by the retirement of  Justice Anthony Kennedy, and he told us that nominee would be Judge  Brett Kavanaugh of the DC Circuit Court of Appeals.   During this short period of time--just a little over 2 weeks--we have  seen some of our friends across the aisle attempt to tank Judge  Kavanaugh's confirmation before it really has a chance to get started,  certainly before they have a chance to meet him. Five of our colleagues  across the aisle announced their opposition to any Supreme Court  Justice President Trump might nominate--anybody; fill in the blank.  Then, once the President chose Judge Kavanaugh, 15 more fell into  lockstep with the first 5, so now we have 20 of our Democratic  colleagues, before they have even had a chance to meet the judge, who  have announced their implacable opposition.   I thought that would pretty much take the cake until I saw reported  this morning that one of our colleagues across the aisle said that to  support Judge Kavanaugh would make you complicit in evil. It is hard to  take statements like that seriously. To me, that is completely unhinged  and detached from any reality. This is the same judge who was confirmed  in 2006 by a substantial bipartisan vote to what many have called the  second most important court in the Nation. My advice to some of our  friends across the aisle who are engaged in this kind of super-heated  rhetoric is, get a grip. Get a grip.   The strategy we have seen on the other side hasn't worked too well.  They have targeted the nominee's character, but then they have had to  deal with the fact that this nominee is a standup guy and a good  father. Multiple fact-checkers debunked claims regarding his legal  views, as well as the timing of his confirmation, so it seems like our  colleagues have moved on.   Now it seems like it is all about the paper. It is all about  documents. We have heard from some of our colleagues requesting that  every email, every memo, every document that ever crossed Brett  Kavanaugh's desk be disgorged and produced in the course of this  confirmation proceeding. Ignore the fact for a minute that when he was  confirmed to the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, they didn't request any  of the documents from when he was Staff Secretary for the President of  the United States, but now, for some mysterious reason, they could well  be hiding the smoking gun they will use to derail his confirmation--or  at least so they are acting.   In the course of my legal career--I served for 13 years as a judge on  the trial court and appellate courts in Texas--I have seen phishing  expeditions before, and this is the very definition of a phishing  expedition.   I agree with our colleagues who say all relevant documents need to be  produced--and should be and will be produced in a perfectly normal part  of confirming a judicial nominee. But that is the key--the documents  need to be reasonably related to the confirmation process.   Our friend the minority leader from New York sees things differently.  There is no surprise there. Yesterday, he scolded me personally, as  well as other Republican colleagues. He said that we are guilty of  applying an enormous double standard when it comes to producing  documents in a judicial confirmation hearing. He compared the  confirmation of Justice Kagan to Judge Kavanaugh's.   Let's rewind the clock. It is true that Republicans wanted to see  Justice Kagan's documents and review them before holding a hearing on  her confirmation for the Supreme Court, but it wasn't the range of  documents we are talking about with Kavanaugh. Her situation was  dramatically different.   First, she had never served as a judge before, as Judge Kavanaugh  has. He has a vast judicial record--300 opinions, 12 years on the DC  Circuit Court of Appeals. He has a vast record when it comes to his  activities as a judge. You would think that would be a good place to  start. We thought it was important to review relevant records for  Justice Kagan at the White House because we didn't have judicial  opinions to review. For Justice Kagan, we needed materials to  understand her legal philosophy and style of reasoning, and we had to  use what actually existed at the time.   I will say that the Solicitor General files--she was Solicitor  General of the United States and represented the U.S.  [[Page S5323]]  Government in front of the Supreme Court. Virtually none of that was  touched. We recognize that those attorney-client communications should  be respected.   Second, for Justice Kagan's confirmation, Republicans and Democrats  alike agreed that not every single executive branch document was  relevant and important to her confirmation process. In that respect, I  will tell my friend the minority leader that is not a double standard;  that is the same standard. It should be the same standard.   Republicans and Democrats got together in the case of Justice Kagan  and agreed that records from her time at the Solicitor General's Office  were too sensitive and privileged and that they shouldn't be made  available to the Senate in connection with her confirmation. Instead,  the Senate decided it was more appropriate to focus on records from  Justice Kagan's time at the White House Counsel's Office and the Office  of Domestic Policy. So, too, we would say that Brett Kavanaugh's  documents that he authored, that he contributed to at the White House  Counsel's Office, subject to any privileges that might pertain, should  be fair game. So there is already well-worn precedent when it comes to  executive branch records--which should be on-limits and which should be  off-limits. We observed that in the case of Justice Kagan, and we would  argue that the same consideration should be applied to the Kavanaugh  nomination.   Third, in the past comment of mine Senator Schumer was referring to  yesterday, I was talking specifically about tens of thousands of  documents in reference to Justice Kagan. In the end, 173,000 documents  were produced on her behalf. By the way, that is nowhere close to the  ``gazillion'' that the junior Senator from Alabama has alleged was  produced during the Kagan confirmation. It wasn't a gazillion; it was  173,000. It might have seemed that way because that is a lot of  documents. The stacks of paper were stacked high. But the truth is,  much fewer than a gazillion were produced--173,000. Compare that to the  document production for Justice Gorsuch when he was confirmed. That was  roughly 182,000 documents. That is a high number as well, but it pales  in comparison to what our Democratic friends are asking for in the case  of Judge Kavanaugh.   The truth is, our friends across the aisle are picking numbers out of  the air, talking about potentially millions of documents. The senior  Senator from California has named 1 million as her magic number, and  that is the minimum amount of documents she said she expects to be  produced.   As I said, we all know that Judge Kavanaugh, in addition to serving  as a judge on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals and in addition to  working in the White House Counsel's Office, served as Staff Secretary  to the President. Many documents crossed his desk while he worked in  that job. But the effort to insist on every document that he touched  from the time he was at the Bush White House as Staff Secretary is  ludicrous. It is ridiculous. It is nothing less than a phishing  expedition designed to delay his confirmation until after the Supreme  Court reconvenes in early October.   Do our colleagues really seriously need to see every piece of paper  that crossed his desk? Is what President Bush had for dinner 14 years  ago relevant to how Judge Kavanaugh will serve on the Court? I am sure  there is a copy of the White House mess menu as part of those  documents, but those aren't his documents in the sense that he didn't  create them, he didn't contribute to them. He was sort of a traffic  cop--a very important traffic cop--in terms of the documents that went  across the President's desk.    Our friend, the senior Senator from Connecticut, for example, seemed  to suggest that every piece of paper that crossed his desk is  important. He said he wants to see any documents that have Judge  Kavanaugh's name on them, whether he was a direct recipient or a sender  or he was copied.   If somebody sent a document to him, how is that relevant to Judge  Kavanaugh's qualifications, something sent to him by somebody else that  he didn't contribute to and he didn't author?   Well, based on that rationale, if Judge Kavanaugh were cc'd on an  email about somebody's birthday party down the hall, apparently some of  our friends across the aisle think that information is absolutely  crucial to this confirmation hearing. Well, that is just not right, and  it is ridiculous.   Just as the Judiciary Committee quickly processed Justice Kagan's  nomination in 2010--somebody who spent a number of years at the Clinton  White House--I am confident we could do the same if we got together and  worked at it in the case of Judge Kavanaugh.   Under Chairman Grassley's leadership, the Judiciary Committee will  work to produce hundreds of thousands of documents for Members to  conduct a thorough review. I am confident of that.   We met with the White House Counsel yesterday to talk about the  strategy for producing the documents that are relevant to the  confirmation process, but there is no better evidence of exactly what  kind of judge ``Justice Kavanaugh'' will be than the opinions he has  written on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals.   The committee will receive thousands of documents that are relevant  and important to the confirmation process. Senators and their staff  will be able to review them, and Senators will be able to ask  questions. I guarantee Chairman Grassley will hold a full and fair  hearing before the Judiciary Committee when we convene for the purposes  of the confirmation hearing.   We will be able to ask--all of us--on a bipartisan basis, the hard  questions everybody wants to ask, and at the end of the process, which  I am hopeful will take place this September, the Senate will act, and  Judge Kavanaugh will become Justice Kavanaugh.   Beyond the document production, there is another wrinkle in the  confirmation process that has emerged, and it hinges on the nominees's  views on Executive power. I spoke a little bit about that yesterday,  but there is just another thing to mention.   I am referring to a 1999 transcript of a panel discussion in which  Judge Kavanaugh discussed the case United States v. Nixon, which forced  then-President Nixon to turn over the Watergate tapes. It was a  significant event in our Nation's history.   My friend the minority leader has provocatively questioned whether  Kavanaugh would have let Nixon off the hook. Well, no, he wouldn't, and  neither did the Supreme Court of the United States--just the contrary.  That is what we expect from the courts: independent legal judgment,  whether it is the most humble among us or whether it is the President  of the United States.   In a speech in a law review article, Judge Kavanaugh praised the  unanimous ruling in the Nixon case. His views have been further  confirmed by those who have worked closely with him over the years.  They have said that to Judge Kavanaugh, Nixon was one of the most  significant cases in which the judiciary stood up to the President.   So enough already. Enough with all the distractions, the  hyperventilation, the fishing expeditions, and let's get to work. Let's  keep this process moving forward on a bipartisan basis. Let's roll up  our sleeves. Both Justices Sotomayor and Gorsuch were confirmed in 66  days. If you applied that standard to Judge Kavanaugh, that would mean  we would vote on his nomination on September 13, but we will have  plenty of time to vet this nominee and to review the relevant documents  that have some bearing on his qualifications and his experience and  fitness to serve as a member of the Supreme Court.   I hope our Democratic colleagues will take advantage of the  opportunity to meet with Judge Kavanaugh and to talk to him for  themselves and see that he is an accomplished jurist and, perhaps even  more importantly, an entirely decent human being. He is one who will  faithfully and fairly apply the laws written and uphold our  Constitution.   I know the senior Senator from West Virginia has agreed to do that,  and I express my personal appreciation to him for breaking up this  boycott, which has, I guess, been commanded by the highest  authorities--the Democratic leader--to not meet with the judge until we  get all the documents we are asking for.  [[Page S5324]]    Well, in addition to the Senator from West Virginia, the junior  Senator from Delaware has also said he will meet with the judge, as has  the senior Senator from Indiana, and I appreciate that. I think they  will find a lot of comfort in meeting with the judge, and they will be  able to get some answers to their questions.   I look forward to continuing our vetting process and voting to  confirm Judge Kavanaugh this fall.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, is there an objection?    Madam President, there is an important difference between  legal and illegal immigration, and they shouldn't be confused. We  should all, as Americans, celebrate legal immigration. In fact, the  United States is the most generous country in the world. We naturalize  almost 1 million new citizens each year, many of whom serve in the  military and otherwise serve their newly adopted country and are  rewarded, in part, by an expedited path toward legalization, toward  naturalization.   As a result of the deadlock in the U.S. Senate, the drug cartels that  traffic in illegal drugs and other contraband--they traffic in  migrants, they traffic in children--are celebrating today because we  have a big problem that apparently we are unable to solve, and the  status quo is simply unacceptable. It is dangerous, it is deadly, and  it is killing people--not only the people who attempt the perilous  journey from Central America up through Mexico and into the United  States but also the drugs that are sold by these same criminal  organizations that are, in the words of one expert, ``commodity  agnostic.''    This is part of their business model. This is how they make money,  and they are celebrating today because the very reasonable solution  that our colleague from North Carolina has proposed has been rejected  out of hand with no real alternative being suggested.   This is the same mentality, I fear, that calls for the abolition of  ICE. You might as well ask for the abolition of the Austin Police  Department or the Dallas Police Department or the San Antonio Police  Department. It is an invitation to lawlessness. Unfortunately, there  are some who believe that the status quo is better than the very  reasonable, rational solution offered by our colleague.   Let me explain why objecting to this commonsense legislation imperils  the life and well-being of children. Under the current law, unless this  very reasonable solution is embraced, children are sent across the  border unaccompanied by their parents because the traffickers know and  the parents know that if they pay thousands of dollars to these  criminal organizations, their child will be transported from Central  America across Mexico and into the United States, and if they make it  here under the current law, the Border Patrol needs to process this  child--some of whom are 17 years of age and older, and for all  practical purposes they are young men.   They need to be handed over to Health and Human Services for  placement with a sponsor here in the United States. Recently the New  York Times pointed out that the United States had lost track of 1500 of  the children that had been placed with sponsors. Nobody knows what  happened to them because, under the current law, the government doesn't  have to do a criminal background check. The sponsor with whom this  child is placed doesn't have to be a citizen, and there is simply no  infrastructure in place and no system in  [[Page S5331]]  place to monitor the status of these children in the hands of these  adult sponsors to make sure they appear at their subsequently noticed  immigration hearing so that they can present a legitimate claim, if  they have one, to asylum or some other immigration benefit.   All President Trump has said is that we are going to enforce our laws  against illegal immigration. So if you come into the country as a  parent with a child, the parent, being legally responsible, is going to  be prosecuted. That is what the law calls for as passed by Congress and  signed by the President.   The child will be protected under the law that I mentioned earlier.  They will be placed with a sponsor if the parent or the person who  claims to be a parent is going to be prosecuted. Part of what we have  been struggling with is the refusal on the part of some of our  colleagues to actually try to solve this problem, to keep those  families together so that they can be kept in a humane, clean family  detention facility pending a hearing in front of an immigration judge.  If they have legitimate claims, then those can be rewarded.   The status quo guarantees that the criminal organizations that profit  from transporting people, drugs, and other contraband across the border  win. That is guaranteed by the status quo. It is also that we don't fix  the problem associated with unaccompanied minors or minors who come  with somebody who claims to be their parent.   So let's say we put the families back together, which is our goal.  Everyone agrees with that goal. We don't have detention facilities for  those individuals to be detained pending a hearing in front of an  immigration judge, so they are released and told to come back for a  hearing months, maybe years, in the future. Well, it shouldn't surprise  anybody that the vast majority of people don't show up for their  hearings. They simply use this flaw in our immigration system and the  status quo in order to exploit gaps in our legal immigration system,  and it is dangerous.   I regret that rather than embracing a solution, there has been an  objection to this very reasonable proposal, which would add additional  immigration judges and move these families to the head of the line so  that they can present their case before the judge, rather than just  releasing them into the vast American landscape. Many of them will  never be heard from again. I think it is a terrible lost opportunity.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).   