 Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, June 28, a gunman  targeted a cherished community newspaper and our Nation's free press,  killing five people.   The Capital Gazette is one of our Nation's oldest newspapers, having  served Maryland's capital city of Annapolis for 291 years. In fact, it  was one of the first newspapers to publish the Declaration of  Independence, although it appeared on page 2 because local news always  took precedence.   The Annapolis community, which Congressman Sarbanes and I have the  privilege of representing, is a tight-knit community. The men and women  lost in this horrific attack were friends, neighbors, and extended  family members.   We rise to honor the lives of:   Rebecca Smith, who was quiet but had a ``big heart'' and described  herself as a ``bonus mom to the best kid ever'';   John McNamara, who went by Mac, who loved covering sports as much as  playing them;   Gerald Fischman, the consummate newspaperman working 12 hours a day  or more, who editorialized about gun violence and became a victim of  it;   Rob Hiaasen, a giant in stature and in character, who generously  mentored young journalists; and   Wendi Winters, a prolific writer, mother of three Navy officers, and  an American hero who charged at the gunman and saved lives.   Those who were senselessly gunned down were members of our valued  local press cops. In America, we cherish and value our free and  independent press. It is a crucial pillar of our democracy. We should  not tolerate threats and hatred directed at the media and should  support those who bring us the news every day.   Today, we also honor the brave and swift action by first responders  who were on the scene within 1 minute of 911 calls.   Today, we honor the enduring courage of the Capital Gazette staff.  Their dedication and service to their readers and their commitment to a  vibrant, free press are a tribute to their profession and  professionalism and to the resilience of the Annapolis community.   Mr. Speaker, I would ask the House to pause for a moment of silence  to honor Rebecca, John, Gerald, Rob, Wendi, and all those impacted by  the shooting at the Capital Gazette.   