 Mr. President, yesterday President Trump joined  Republican Senators for lunch. He was very optimistic and very positive  about a lot of the developments in America's foreign policy in places  like North Korea. At the same time, we all recognize that the world  continues to be a very dangerous place. National security must be our  first responsibility. My goal is a nation that is safe, strong, and  secure.   To have safety and security at home, we need peace and stability  abroad. Republicans in Congress understand that. So does President  Trump, and so does Gina Haspel. That is why the Senate Select Committee  on Intelligence today approved Gina Haspel's nomination to lead the  Central Intelligence Agency. It was a bipartisan vote.   That used to be the normal way things operated around here--in a  bipartisan way. When you had a nominee who was undeniably qualified,  they got support from both sides of the aisle. It has become very  uncommon over the past year.   Democrats have decided to obstruct President Trump's nominees for  important jobs almost at any cost, but Gina Haspel got this rare  bipartisan approval from the committee for the right reason--because  she is the right person for this job. Now we will have a vote on the  Senate floor.   This should be one of the easiest votes for Members of the Senate to  cast all year. The Director of the Central Intelligence Agency is a  very important member of the President Trump's national security team.  She is the right person for the job.   She has been a career intelligence officer for 33 years. That goes  back to the days of the Ronald Reagan administration. She actually got  interested in the CIA when she learned that women could serve there  doing clandestine work all around the world.   She has served in Africa, Russia, Central Europe, and Asia. She has  held top jobs at the Agency's headquarters. She understands every  element of the work of America's intelligence community.   Since she is actually the acting head of the Agency today, I think  anyone would be hard-pressed to say she is not up to the job, because  she is doing the job. She has the faith and the trust of the men and  women in the field who keep us safe every day.   Let's not forget that she has also worked very closely with Mike  Pompeo. He was head of the CIA. Now he is Secretary of State. Having  two people in these important jobs who already have a solid, respectful  working relationship is extremely important for making sure that the  U.S. foreign policy is airtight.   No one else that the President could have nominated would have been  able to work as closely with Secretary of State Pompeo. She is an  expert on terrorism. She is an intelligence expert. She is a national  security expert.   She began her work at the CIA during the Cold War. So she has a deep  understanding of Russia and a deep understanding of our challenges  there.   I think it is clear that Gina Haspel is an absolute star nominee for  this vitally important job. I am not the only one saying so. The list  of people who have come out and endorsed her nomination goes on and on.  At least six former leaders of the Central Intelligence Agency have all  come out publicly to praise her qualifications and her abilities. CIA  Directors under President Obama, under President Bush, under President  Clinton--Republicans and Democrats alike--all agree she is the right  person for this job.   Look at what they have had to say. Michael Hayden was Director under  President Bush. He wrote: ``Gina Haspel is the person America needs at  the CIA.'' He said: ``She is someone you want in the room when big  decisions are being made.''   Listen to what Leon Panetta, who had the job under President Obama,  said. He said that he was glad she would be the first woman to head the  Agency because ``frankly she is someone who really knows the CIA inside  out.''   Look at John Brennan, who also ran the Agency for President Obama. He  said in an interview that she has the experience, the breadth, and the  depth--on intelligence issues and foreign policy issues over many, many  years.   It is clear this is someone who is very highly regarded by people who  know her, people who have worked with her, and people who have relied  on her judgment and her expertise. That expertise and that clear-eyed  judgment is more important today than perhaps at any other time since  the end of the Cold War.   Our Nation's adversaries are cunning, they are opportunistic, and  they are aggressive. We face challenges in dealing with Syria and in  dealing with ISIS. We have a lot of work ahead of us in Iran.   Next month, President Trump will be meeting with North Korea to try  to end their nuclear program. Now, I remain skeptical about North  Korea, and so do a lot of Republicans in the Senate, but this is the  best opportunity we have ever had to try to get nuclear weapons out of  North Korea. The President needs his full team in place.   This isn't a simple political game for Democrats to play for the TV  cameras. This is about the peace and security of the world and safety  and strength for the United States.   As a CIA officer for more than 30 years, Gina Haspel has had to make  tough decisions to keep our country safe. The decision we face to  confirm her nomination to be Director of the Central Intelligence  Agency is not a tough decision at all. I will vote loudly and clearly  in support of her nomination.   When she is confirmed, all Americans will be able to sleep soundly,  knowing she is on the job providing the security we all need.   Thank you.  [[Page S2708]]    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   