 Mr. President, building on Senator Hatch's comments,  we are grateful for his service to the U.S. Senate for more than four  decades and grateful he is a songwriter. Of course, he comes from a  culture and a faith that emphasizes music.   As a little boy in the East Tennessee mountains, I remember every  week listening on the Zenith radio to the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. I  think everybody in Utah and in the Mormon faith actually grows up  learning to sing and to enjoy music.   Orrin Hatch is not just a U.S. Senator, he is a genuine songwriter.  He has a gold and a platinum record. I know many national songwriters  who have cowritten with him, and they admire him greatly.   I can think of no more important tribute to him than the Hatch- Goodlatte Music Modernization Act, which should pass the House this  week and be on its way to the President. Then it will be, as Senator  Hatch said, the single-most important piece of legislation in decades  or in a generation that changes copyright law in a way that is fair to  songwriters.   Senator Hatch is correct. This has not been easy. It has taken  several years. There are a great many different people to it. The heavy  lifts and the unexpected developments were occurring all the way down  to about 30 minutes before it passed last Tuesday night.   It has been a great privilege to work with Senator Hatch and his  staff on this legislation whom I will have more to say about in a  minute.   The Senator from Utah has done a very good job of explaining what the  bill does, but the truth is, copyright law is complicated. About the  first 25 times somebody explains to you the law governing songwriting,  you will not have a clue what they are talking about. So let me tell a  couple of stories about songwriting that might help make it clear.   Right after World War II, two national songwriters, Pee Wee King and  Redd Stewart, were driving from Memphis to Nashville, back before the  interstates were created, and one said to the other: Well, Missouri has  a waltz and Kentucky has a waltz, why doesn't Tennessee have a waltz?  So on that drive--probably about a 5-hour drive then--they took a  matchbox, an old penny matchbox that held wooden matches, threw the  matches on the floorboard, and on the back of it they wrote the words  to the ``Tennessee Waltz.''   Now, the ``Tennessee Waltz'' was already a waltz. It was called the  ``No Name Waltz.'' People played it and sang it in different places. It  was just a random song, but they added these few words to it. Then,  that night when he got back, Pee Wee King wrote it on a lead sheet.  That is what you call a blank page of music. He took it in to Fred Rose  the next day, who was his publisher. Fred Rose was the publisher for  Hank Williams, Roy Acuff--all kinds of people. He made one change in  the words. Where it said: ``Oh, the Tennessee waltz, the Tennessee  waltz,'' he changed the words to ``I remember the night and the  Tennessee waltz.''   That song went nowhere for a while. It was performed around by Pee  Wee King until Mercury Records decided they had a song, a different  song, called ``Boogie Woogie Santa Claus.'' They wanted the hottest  young female singer in America to sing it so they flew Patti Page to  New York in about 1950. She sang ``Boogie Woogie Santa Clause'' on  Mercury Records, but they had nothing to put on the back of the record.  So somebody suggested they just throw on the back of the record this  ``Tennessee Waltz.''   Well, the ``Tennessee Waltz'' sold 5 million copies. It became the  most recorded song ever by a female artist. In many ways, it is the  Magna Carta of country music.   So the question is, How did that happen? What is the mystery that  causes a waltz that is just kicked around for a long time, has a few  words placed on it by a few songwriters driving from Memphis to  Nashville, to suddenly sell 5 million copies? Well, none of us really  knows. It is just a magnificent form of art.  [[Page S6295]]    All over my State of Tennessee, there are thousands and thousands and  thousands of teachers, taxi drivers, waitresses, people thinking of  songs, getting together and writing songs, hoping to have the next No.  1 hit.   I saw Bob DiPiero at the Bluebird Cafe a week ago Saturday.   I say to Senator Hatch, he was a guitar teacher in RiverGate Mall,  outside of Nashville, in the early 1980s. At about 3, he would take a  bus from downtown Nashville out to RiverGate Mall, and he would teach  guitar lessons to all of these kids after school until 9. Then, during  the day, he would write songs. He didn't do well at all until one day  he wrote a song with the lyrics: ``My baby is American made, born and  bred in the U.S.A.'' Well, everybody knows that song now, and Bob  DiPiero is a great songwriter. So I guess he makes a living off of  songwriting, but lots of people don't.   This bill is about songs that are played over the internet. The way  Bob DiPiero or Redd Stewart or Pee Wee King's descendants would get  paid for their creative work is whenever the song is played over the  internet, this Hatch-Goodlatte legislation says: We have a way to make  sure you get paid if you are the songwriter or you own the rights, and,  No. 2, we have changed the law to make it more likely that you will get  a fair market value for what you get paid--those two things.   I have asked several of the songwriters and the people in the music  industry: Do you really think this will make a difference? They, to a  person, say yes.   Will it make it as good as it was? No, it probably will not, but it  will be fair, and it will create an environment where not just Bob  DiPiero can get paid for ``My baby is American made'' but where a lot  more songwriters can make a decent living because they get paid and get  paid a fair market value for their work.   I will tell you another story I have repeated on the floor about  that. Unfortunately, I don't have a gold record, and I don't have a  platinum record, but I can play the piano. I am as grateful for music  as Senator Hatch is. When I was 4, my mother took me to the Maryville  College, and I began piano lessons, which I continued until I was 16.   Senator McConnell, the majority leader, who had a wonderful and  sainted mother who helped him recover from polio, once told me the one  thing he regrets about his mother is she allowed him to stop taking  piano lessons.   I said back to Senator McConnell: I don't ever remember ever having a  choice. I made a deal with my mother that I would practice 30 minutes  in the morning, and I would get to do what I wanted to in the  afternoon, and I had a wonderful time with music.   I say to the Senator from Utah, when I was Governor, I was trying to  think what could unite our State. The Presiding Officer probably had  thoughts like that when he was Governor of his State. All I could think  of that would unite our big, long State, from Memphis to Bristol, was  music, from Beale Street in Memphis through Music City in Nashville, to  the home of country music in Bristol, TN, where they brought a  recording machine in 1927 and called for the hillbillies to come down  out of the mountains. Among the hillbillies who came and had their  music recorded were Jimmie Rodgers and the Carter family. That was the  beginning of what we call country music, what you hear on the radio in  Nashville.   So as I was thinking about what united Tennessee, I thought, well,  music. I asked the legislature in our State in the 1980s--and they did  it--to appropriate some moneys for endowments for all of our community  orchestras. There are about two dozen of them. If we give the Nashville  Symphony or the Greenville Community Orchestra some State dollars, if  they matched it, then they would have a little endowment that would  support that music. I went around the State and played the piano with  all of those community orchestras and had a good time when people came  out to see the Governor make a mistake or miss a chord or that kind of  thing.   So music is terribly important to our State, as it is to Utah and as  it is to our country.   Ken Burns has a new film coming out. I think Ken Burns is America's  greatest storyteller today. I mean, we have other good ones, but today  he is. He has done more than 30 films. There is one about the Mayo  Clinic that is out today. There is the Civil War, National Parks, all  of those films--Vietnam more recently. His new film is the film he  thinks may be the most popular film of all he has produced, of the 30,  and it is about country music. It is about the stories and the lives of  the people whom country music is about.   I think of Jessi Alexander, whom I just heard play a song at the  Bluebird Cafe. She had heard on the radio about the father from Texas  whose son was killed in Afghanistan, and they asked him how he grieved,  and he said: I drive his truck. She wrote a song, ``I Drive Your  Truck,'' about that father and his son who had been killed defending  our country. It won the song of the year, as it should have.   So these emotional stories about life and death and whiskey and love  and romance and cheating and everything that goes into human nature,  these are the stories that make it into these songs.   Sometimes--sometimes--they are like the ``Tennessee Waltz.'' You put  some words with a waltz that has been around for a while, and out comes  5 million records sold.   Sometimes it is more like this story. I was coming out of the  drugstore in Maryville, TN, and I ran into an old couple in a pickup  truck. I walked by them, and I said: How are you all doing?   The older lady said: Well, we are just falling apart together.   So I told that story to Lee Brice and some songwriters who were at  our home for the weekend writing songs.   They said: We could do something with that, and they wrote a song,  ``Falling Apart Together.'' Lee Brice is a pretty well-known singer. He  and Billy Montana and John Stone wrote it. According to Nashville  tradition, they gave me a fourth of the royalties because that is what  they do. If you make any contribution to the song, you get a little  piece of the action.   I thought: Well, this is good. I can actually do that as a U.S.  Senator. That is legal. The Ethics Committee will approve that. So in  2016, the royalty I received for ``Falling Apart Together,'' which was  recorded by Lee Brice and is on one of his albums, was $101.75. You  can't make a living on that.   What Senator Hatch and the Senate has done, and the House is about to  do and it will go on to the President, is to change the law.   First, it will create an entity. Those two songwriters who wrote the  ``Tennessee Waltz'' after World War II, let's say their great- grandchildren now own all of the rights, and they are spread all over  the place. Let's say Spotify wants to play the ``Tennessee Waltz.'' Now  all they have to do is to go down to this new entity to get a license.  They have a right to do it, and nobody can sue them. It is the entity's  job to go find all of these 100 descendants and pay them the royalty.   Then we changed the law to try to make sure the royalties are a fair  market value. Now, in that case, if some company owns that, it might be  easier to find them, but that is why everybody came together to pass  this bill.   Specifically, the legislation will help make sure songwriters are  paid when their songs are played by creating a new simplified licensing  entity.   This new licensing entity will make it easier for digital music  companies to obtain a license to play songs and ensure songwriters are  paid when their music is played.   This new entity helps songwriters because it will collect royalties  each time a song is played, look for the songwriter, and hold on to  their royalties for 3 years until they can be found.   This new entity also helps digital music companies because it makes  sure songwriters get paid, which means fewer lawsuits.   Second, the legislation will help make sure songwriters are paid a  fair market value for their work by doing three things.   The legislation revises outdated songwriter royalty standards to  ensure songwriters are paid a fair market rate for their work. The new  royalty payments will be based on what a willing buyer and willing  seller would agree to in a free market--not the statutory below-market  standard of today.   The legislation allows ASCAP and BMI--the two largest performing  rights  [[Page S6296]]  organizations--to present new evidence about the fair market value of a  songwriter's works--like what the performer earns for their songs--to a  Federal rate court judge when there is a dispute about royalty rates  for songwriters.   The legislation allows ASCAP and BMI to have Federal judges in the  Southern District of New York randomly assigned to hear their rate  cases, rather than have all the proceedings occur before the same judge  each time. This should lead to better outcomes for songwriters.   This change in the law made sense in the internet world. Today, in  the world we live in, more than half of the revenues in the music  business are for songs played over the internet. The internet has  changed music just like it has changed everything else. This changes  the law to put us into the internet age. It changes some laws that have  been around for centuries, since the days of the player piano.   Since there are others who will be wanting to speak, I have had other  chances to talk about the bill. I have said most of what I wanted to  say, except for a couple of thank-yous.   First, Orrin Hatch is exactly the right leader for this bill in the  Senate for a variety of reasons. He is chairman of one important  committee and nearly ranking on another. Through his prestige and his  position in the Senate and through the respect we have for him, he was  able to ask Senators to step back and allow us to do this very complex  piece of legislation in a situation where any one Senator could have  blocked it--and many did for a while, until they were persuaded not to.    I want to thank Chairman Grassley and Senator Feinstein for moving it  through the Judiciary Committee expeditiously. This could not have  happened if Senator McConnell and Senator Schumer had not created an  environment in which we could do this. Senator Hatch mentioned Senator  Whitehouse and Senator Coons, who were among the lead Democratic  cosponsors. We had 82 cosponsors of this bill. We only have 100  Senators, and we had 82 cosponsors of the bill.   I want to particularly thank Senator Durbin, who may be a Democrat  from Illinois, but he loves to go to Nashville and go to the Grand Ole  Opry, and he jumped on early. He is the No. 2 Democrat, and he has been  a big help.   Doug Collins, Hakeem Jeffries, and Darrell Issa in the House of  Representatives were real leaders from the beginning, and, of course,   Bob Goodlatte and Ranking Member Nadler were as well.   I think it is important to join Senator Hatch in mentioning again  those music groups whom we sat down with more than 2 years ago and  said: Look, we have been here for a long time, and we could continue to  argue about what you disagree on or we could try to pass what you can  agree on. And for the last 2\1/2\ years, they have worked to  compromise, to agree on what they could agree on, and they have done  that in an important way.   I thank the Nashville Song Writers Association International--Bart  Herbison especially, but a whole bunch of them, including the National  Music Publishers Association, ASCAP, BMI, the Recording Academy, Sound  Exchange, Digital Media Association, Song Writers of North America,  Internet Association, Recording Industry Association of America, and  the National Association of Broadcasters, which came with a strongly  support recommendation in the end, which was a big, big help.   Senator Hatch was correct. The most valuable players in all of this  most likely have been the staff members on both sides of the aisle and  in both Houses who helped put the competing interests together--and  there were many--in a way that produced this bill.   I would especially like to thank Lindsey Garcia, who is sitting here  with me, and Paul McKernan, who worked on this for a long time, and  David Cleary and Allison Martin on my staff.   Chris Bates, Matt Jensen, and Matt Sandgren on Senator Hatch's staff  have been terrific and essential.   I thank Rita Lari from the Senate Judiciary staff. We were joking the  other day. When we first talked to her about this, she said: Are you  sure you can pass a bill like this? Most people didn't think it was  possible to get all of the competing interests here to agree.   Congressman Doug Collins and his staff have really been at the  forefront of this, including Sally Rose Larson.   Republican floor staff Megan Mercer was a big help.   A special shout-out to Reema Dodin, who works for Senator Durbin and  who was a consistent help but was especially helpful on last Tuesday  afternoon when we only had a little bit of time and we needed to get  some last-minute changes cleared in the Democratic cloakroom as well as  the Republican cloakroom.   This would be a good exercise for a chapter in a book on legislation  sometime. But it is going to be the Hatch-Goodlatte Music Modernization  Act, and the result is going to be that thousands and thousands of  songwriters in this country for the first time in a long time are, A,  going to get paid for their work, and, B, they are going to get paid  more of a fair market value, as they should.   I am deeply grateful for the opportunity to have worked on it, and I  thank all of my colleagues for working so well with Senator Hatch and  me to get it done.   I yield the floor.   