 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania  for yielding to me today to speak on one of my favorite topics.   Perhaps I look at the importance of SNAP through a different set of  lenses than some of my peers who sit among me. I spent nearly the last  30 years as a physician counseling and advising expecting moms.   Starting a family is a special and scary time for many of my  patients. Almost all of them would come to me with a list of questions  and problems. And despite the variety of their concerns, many could be  solved with proper and improved nutrition.   SNAP assisted many of my patients in providing nutrient-dense foods  for my mothers and children. The importance of nutrition in the weeks  prior to conception, during pregnancy, while breastfeeding, and within  the early years of infancy can never be overestimated.   In the United States, one in eight people identify as being food  insecure. To put that into perspective, of the 5,000 babies I  delivered, 625 of them are food insecure today. The thought of this,  alone, weighs on our hearts and makes them heavy, and that is why I am  so proud of this farm bill's nutrition component and why we worked so  hard to get it right.   Our farm bill increases nutrition education, incentivizes our SNAP  recipients to make healthier choices, and increases access to  nutritious foods.   And for those people who live in our Nation's food deserts with  limited access to grocery stores, we thought about you, too. We have to  incentivize retailers to want to invest in these underserved  communities. That is why we have extended and improved the Healthy Food  Financing Initiative that gives grants to retailers to open businesses  in areas that lack the access to healthy foods.    So I ask you today: How could anyone vote against a bill that looks  at the food insecurity problem in this country from so many angles  through the eyes of so many people?   We all know that food is health and that, truly, we are what we do  eat. This bill will help all Americans become more healthy and to stay  more healthy, and that is why I am so proud to support this bill and  look forward to its passage, getting it on through the Senate and on to  our President to sign.   