 Mr. Speaker, I think it is a measure of President George  H.W. Bush that we all think of him as a personal friend. It is  literally true that he had tens of thousands, possibly hundreds of  thousands, of men and women who considered themselves personal friends.   I felt I was very close to the President, although obviously not as  close as Mr. Williams, who went to Kennebunkport and really knew the  family.   I knew the President first as Vice President. When I was a White  House Fellow, it was Vice President Bush who had a reception in the  White House and gave my class their White House Fellow certificates.   As a candidate, one of the reasons that I am here today is because he  took a personal interest in me. We had an event that we had planned for  myself in Fort Worth, but the NRCC decided that I couldn't win, and  they gave that date and that time to Dick Armey. They did the event in  Denton, Texas, instead of in Fort Worth, for Dick Armey.   I was so mad that I crashed his event. I went up to the security  checkpoint and they wouldn't let me in. I asked to speak to the events  team, and the head of the events team was a gentleman named Ron  Kaufman. Ron knew me. He said: Well, Joe, that is pretty unusual. This  is really for Dick Armey.   But he went and talked to the Vice President, and the Vice President  said sure. So I got on the stage with Roger Staubach and Dick Armey and  the Vice President. I was only there for about 3 minutes, but my  picture and the video was in the TV market that night.   The Vice President asked me to go to Houston. I had Montgomery  County, and so I went. He flew, but I drove, and I got to be in the  rally that night.   When he was going to Texas A&M as President, I represented A&M. I got  invited to fly on Air Force One with Senator Gramm to Texas A&M, and I  wore my Texas A&M tie.   As we were sitting up in the Presidential cabin of Air Force One, I  noticed that the President had on a handwoven, beautiful silk tie, and  I noticed that Senator Gramm had on an old, cheap polyester tie.  Senator Gramm looked at me, and he said: Joe, you ought to give your  tie to the President.   I volunteered to give my Texas A&M tie to the President, which I did;  but then Senator Gramm took the President's handwoven silk tie, and I  ended up with Gramm's polyester tie. The President said: Well, Joe, you  are the junior man here. You just have to suck it up.   Later that week in Fort Worth, Senator Gramm and I were at a  fundraiser for the Republican women, and I noticed he was wearing the  President's handwoven silk tie. So at the end of the event, I stood up  and I said: Now, ladies, we need to raise some more money.   We auctioned off the President's tie. Phil Gramm had to be a good  sport, and I think we got $2,000 for it.   When Bush was President, he was a strong supporter of the Super  Collider project in my district. I invited him to come to Ellis County  to tour it, and he did. I got to ride on Air Force One, and I got to  ride on Marine One and show him the project. He had on a hard hat that  said ``President George Bush.''   When he went back to the helicopter, as he got out of the  Presidential motorcade, he threw his hat on the back seat. I said: Mr.  President, can I have that hard hat?   He said: Well, keep it for me until the next time I come down here to  open the SSC.   As we all know, he got defeated for reelection. President Clinton  didn't strongly support the SSC and it was killed, but I still have  that hard hat.   After he left office and a decision was made to put the Bush library  at Texas A&M, I put a bill on the floor that got $15 million to set up  the Bush Fellows at Texas A&M, and I am very, very proud of that.   The last story I will tell is that in my reelection in 1986, I was  the number one target in the State of Texas and one of the top 10  targets in the country. The Vice President called me and said: Would  you like me to do an event?   Of course, I said yes.   We did that event in Fort Worth. Fran and Eddie Chiles hosted it, and  we raised, I believe, over $200,000, which in that time and era, for  me, was a lot of money.   The Vice President spent a lot of time there and was very gracious to  my family and to my parents. He invited my mother and father to the  White House when he was President for the White House Christmas Ball,  and that was one of the highlights of their lives.   So to the Bush family, thank you for sharing the President with us  all these years.    As I said at the start, it is a measure of an individual when he has  so many people who consider themselves to be personal friends. My guess  is that President Bush has more of those types of individuals than just  about anybody else in the country.   God bless the late President Bush.   