 Mr. President, I rise today in support of bipartisan  legislation aimed at ensuring that those individuals who are on the  Department of Homeland Security's no-fly list are likewise not able to  have access to guns. I just met with several of the students from the  shooting at the school in Florida and heard the very compelling case  they have made to take this issue seriously and do what we can on a  commonsense basis to make it more difficult for those who shouldn't  have guns to have guns.   Regardless of what happened in Florida these past couple of weeks,  this is a measure we should have taken before. It has been brought to  the floor of the Senate, and it has received majority support here. I  think it is simply common sense that someone who is not permitted to  fly in this country and is considered by the Federal Government to be a  potential threat to national security should not be allowed to purchase  a firearm.   The no-fly list and the selectee list that we are talking about is  composed of those who are not allowed to fly. With the selectee list,  it is those who require additional screening. These are both narrowly  tailored, defined, targeted lists.   This restriction would affect just a small number of people, all of  whom would be afforded due process under the Constitution. Those who  find themselves on either of these lists would have the authority to  challenge that designation, and the onus would be on the government,  not the individual; the onus would be on the government to justify the  classification and to prove that they should not be allowed to purchase  a firearm. These are strong, robust, due process protections that would  make sure that these restrictions are constitutionally sound.   This bill also adds another layer of safety for citizens from those  who would do us harm, ensuring that anyone who has been denied the  right to fly cannot purchase a weapon without at least undergoing  additional scrutiny. It simply stands to reason that if we fear that  someone may use our commercial airlines as a weapon or to  [[Page S1233]]  harm those on board, we should not allow that same person to purchase a  weapon without additional scrutiny.   I encourage my colleagues to review this bipartisan legislation and  to join me, along with Senator Collins and a number of our colleagues  here--a bipartisan group of Senators--in supporting this commonsense  piece of legislation.   I hope we will have a debate on some of these measures. I will be  talking in the coming days about some of the other measures that we  ought to take to make sure that we don't put guns in the hands of those  who shouldn't have them.   My heart goes out to those in Florida, and my vote will go here to  measures that will make schools safer.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   