 Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee for Mr. Polis of  Colorado, and I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer amendment No. 37 on  behalf of my colleague from Colorado, Representative Polis.   Mr. Chairman, as we continue to see global temperatures rise and  extreme weather events like wildfires become more prevalent, it is  imperative that Congress take action to help reduce these threats.   This amendment would increase funds for hazardous fuels management  activities by an additional $10 million in order to mitigate the  threats of wildfires and help save lives.   This program reduces dangerously high fuel loads and helps restore  and improve the health and resiliency of our forests.   Managing hazardous fuel loads is critical to protecting the American  public from wildfires, providing for fire safety and preserving our  Nation's natural resources. Fuel treatments provide safer conditions  and more strategic options for firefighters.   In the 2016 fiscal year, the Forest Service funded and helped conduct  fuels treatment on more than 3.2 million high-priority acres  nationwide. This included 2.1 million acres on areas with populated  communities, high fire areas where the Forest Service could alleviate  the risk more effectively.   Assessments of fuels treatment effectiveness show that 91 percent of  treatments were effective in changing fire behavior and/or helping to  control wildfire.   Despite this progress, the Forest Service estimates that there are  millions of acres at high risk of wildfires, including some that are  adjacent to communities.   We must make investments in hazardous fuels programs that have  demonstrated effectiveness in reducing wildfire risk and continue to  prioritize treatments in the highest priority areas to protect lives,  property, and watersheds.   As the Representative for the central coast in California, I can tell  you that we are no strangers to wildfires. This year alone, my district  witnessed the devastating impacts of the Thomas and Holiday fires.   The Thomas fire became the largest fire in California history,  burning nearly 282,000 acres in Ventura County and Santa Barbara  County, and later triggering mudslides that tragically claimed the  lives of 23 individuals in my district.   If we can take action to prevent wildfires, we should. We know it  pays to be prepared. And we know that for every dollar spent on  mitigation activities, we save $6 in return.   Mr. Polis' amendment is a commonsense measure that would help provide  sufficient funds to ensure that we are protecting lives and property  from the threats of wildfires.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, this amendment offsets the $10 million  increase for fuels management by reducing from the forest products.   Unlike the forest products line item, which funds timber sales, the  hazardous fuels program is focused exclusively on reducing wildfire  risks and employs a wide range of tools, including prescribed fire,  mechanical fuels reduction, and thinning activities.   Increasing funding for hazardous fuels management can save lives. And  when we consider the priority of forest products versus the opportunity  to thin these fuels, I think the priority is clear, for saving lives,  for saving property, and saving our environment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   