 Mr. President, I rise today to honor the U.S. women's  hockey team for their outstanding victories in the 2018 Winter  Olympics. All told, the team won four games, including two 5-to-0 wins  over Finland and Russia, and finished as champions after a 3-to-2  victory over Team Canada. Their achievement stands as a powerful  example of hard work, perseverance, and collaboration.   North Dakota is proud to be represented among the talented members of  this team by two athletes, the Lamoureux twins, Jocelyne and Monique.  These sisters are natives of Grand Forks, ND, and alumni of the  University of North Dakota, where they played three seasons of NCAA  women's hockey.   This was their third trip to the Olympics with Team USA, having won  silver medals in 2010 and 2014 and, of course, now the gold in 2018.  They have a tremendous collegiate record and a tremendous Olympic  record now, as well. Across their Olympic careers, they have scored 13  goals and provided 17 assists, for a total of 30 points. They displayed  tremendous skill, tremendous work ethic, and a tremendous team spirit  as leaders of a great women's Olympic hockey team.   Jocelyne holds an Olympic record now, as well, having scored two  goals in less than 6 seconds in the match against Finland. However, it  was in the final game where the Lamoureux twins really shined. It was a  close game throughout. While Team USA started out with the lead, Team  Canada came back in the second period with a 2-to-1 lead. Remember,  Canada had won gold in the last two Olympics. It was Monique who  brought the game to a tie in the final period, and then Jocelyne scored  the game-winning goal in the shootout. How great is that? It was  unbelievable and exciting. It was such a great representation of  sportsmanship for our Nation, coming back after twice seeing Canada  take the gold, ending up with silver, and now coming back and winning  the gold. This ended Canada's four-time gold-winning streak in women's  hockey. Obviously, it was a joyous occasion--certainly for my State of  North Dakota but also for our whole country. It is uplifting and  positive--all the things you want the Olympics to be.   As they arrive home from South Korea, we congratulate Team USA for  their historic victory and thank them for representing our Nation with  their incredible dedication, tireless effort, and tremendous  sportsmanship.   I yielded floor.   