 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   We are approaching the end of spring, but there is still enough time  for a good spring cleaning. For families, that may mean doing yard  work, cleaning out a closet, or maybe even giving unused items to  charity. For Congress, it means tackling long-overdue budgetary spring  cleaning.   There are billions and billions of taxpayer dollars originally set up  to fund different programs and projects that cannot or will not be used  for their intended purpose. Tonight, the House will do something about  it. We will take a first step in cleaning up the Federal Government's  accounts by voting on the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary  Programs Act.   We aren't talking about taking spare change here. We are talking  about something more than just that. Tonight, we have the opportunity  to return $15 billion, with a B, to the Treasury.   As Members, we are charged with being good stewards of taxpayer  money. Mr. Speaker, it is a responsibility we all have and claimed on  this floor many times. It shouldn't be a partisan exercise.  Historically, it hasn't been.   Mr. Speaker, you can look at many Members who have been here for  quite some time. Congress accepted 214 of Ronald Reagan's rescissions.  The majority party on the floor was different than it is today. It  accepted 111 of Bill Clinton's rescissions.   President Trump's spending cut request is a straightforward and smart  way to trim a bloated Federal budget.   So, where do these savings come from, I know many of you might ask.  Have you ever heard of the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing  Loan Program? It is an Obama-era subsidy program to green-car companies  like Fisker Automotive, which defaulted on its $192 million loan. Just  think Solyndra, but for luxury cars. This failed subsidy program hasn't  issued a loan since 2011. Mr. Speaker, that is 7 years ago. Yet, it has  $4.33 billion sitting unused in an account.   Can any Member think of a good reason why that money should continue  sitting in that account, where it cannot and will not be used or just  be wasted on another non-related government program?   I would really love to hear the reason, but I doubt one will be  coming.   So, what else does this bill clean up?   It also brings back expired funds from CHIP. Before anyone claims  Republicans are cutting CHIP funding, which is children's health  insurance, Mr. Speaker, we debated this on the floor many times this  year where one side of the aisle, the majority, passed it. Not only did  they pass it while the other side in the minority, Mr. Speaker, voted  against it, we passed it and made history.   How did we make history?   We signed the longest reauthorization of CHIP, guaranteeing its  funding for 10 years, a full decade. A full decade, Mr. Speaker,  Members of this floor had the opportunity to vote for it.  Unfortunately, it wasn't one time, Mr. Speaker, that the other side  voted no, and it wasn't just two times.   But, thankfully, Mr. Speaker, for all the children across America  that use this program, Republicans were able to reauthorize it for 10  years--a decade--the longest ever. Republicans have made sure that CHIP  isn't going anywhere. We have removed any uncertainty about the  stability of the funding of that program.  [[Page H4878]]    The funds we are rescinding tonight were appropriated long ago and  will not be used for their intended purpose now. In fact, Mr. Speaker,  Democrats voted to rescind those exact CHIP funds just 2 months ago.  They know they can't be used for their intended purpose.   I would like to remind my colleagues that the minority whip said he  would not oppose ``money laying in an account that has not been spent  for 1, 2, 3 years.'' He even called it ``a reasonable thing to do.''   So instead of partisan rhetoric and doomsday speeches, let's see this  bill for what it really is: a smart approach to cleaning up unused  accounts in the Federal budget, which has been done many times before  under President Clinton and President Reagan.   Before tonight's vote, each and every Member of the House should  consider this question: If this body cannot be trusted to reclaim money  that will not or cannot be used for its intended purpose, can we really  be trusted to save money anywhere else?   