 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to enter into a  colloquy with Senator Leahy, Senator Isakson, and Senator Tester.    We rise today to speak about the VA MISSION Act,  bipartisan legislation that would make much needed reforms to the VA  Choice and VA Community Care programs. Among these reforms, the  existing VA Choice program, funded as a mandatory program, will merge  with a streamlined Medical Community Care program, funded with  discretionary dollars. I commend my colleagues for a job well done.   As chairman of the Appropriations Committee, however, I want to  express my concern that this legislation authorizes significant  discretionary spending for the VA without providing any way to pay for  it under the spending caps imposed by the Budget Control Act, BCA. The  Congressional Budget Office estimates this bill will cost $49 billion  over the next 5 years--roughly $10 billion per year. Without relief  from the caps plus an anticipated return to sequestration levels in  2020, this $49 billion could come at the expense of existing programs,  including those at the VA.   I am also concerned that the underlying bill only provides funding  for the VA Choice program through May of 2019, with no funding plan for  the new program which is expected to come online in fiscal year 2019.  These problems are not insurmountable. They do, however, require  funding above and beyond what was contemplated in both the caps deal  and the BCA. Fortunately, there is existing law and ample precedent for  adjusting spending caps to reflect changes resulting from a shift in  mandatory spending to discretionary spending.   I want to ask Senator Isakson and Senator Tester if it is also their  understanding that this funding deficiency could imperil other VA  funding and, if so, whether they will commit to assisting Senator Leahy  and me in enacting a solution when the Military Construction and  Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill comes to the floor that will  provide adequate resources for the programs authorized in this bill  without doing harm to existing programs?   