 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the subcommittee  chairman, Mr. Duffy, for his efforts, too, in trying to provide  significant reforms. I support their efforts in opposing this  additional reauthorization of the National Flood Insurance Program.   We have done this eight times in just over the year, and what have we  gotten in return? Some would say nothing. I would say, no, it has been  worse than nothing. You see, we forgave $16 billion in debt and got no  reforms in response to that.    Now the NFIP is $20 billion in debt again, yet we look at: Oh, but it  is just $20 billion.   In over 13 years, the interest on that is $5 billion. When are we  going to stop this insanity?   More disturbing, however, Mr. Speaker, is this House's failure to  stand up to even the most modest technical reforms that would benefit  the program.   During my time in this body, I have been proud to champion one such  bill, the Private Flood Insurance Market Development Act.   To me, it defies logic that this coequal Chamber would pass a bill  unanimously through the authorizing committee this Congress and then  unanimously through the whole House in the last Congress and, yet,  abandon its opportunities every time thereafter.   My legislation is simple. It is a technical correction that will  facilitate the growth of a private market alternative to the drowning  national program that we have today. It is bipartisan. It is  desperately needed.   Yet, here we are again with a clean reauthorization that makes no  progress and no promises that tomorrow will be any different. That, Mr.  Speaker, is a shame. It is a shame that we have once again folded in  the face of unjustified inaction.   When does it end? When do we say enough is enough?   Mr. Speaker, I do not want to shut down the NFIP. We don't need to.  All we need to do is for the Senate to accept just one of the many  eminently reasonable pieces of legislation that the House has passed,  to be included alongside the short-term extension. Even the simplest  reform would indicate that the Senate is serious about coming to the  table to negotiate a long-term reauthorization.   Anything would be better than the hollow promises this clean  extension puts before us today.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this legislation.   