 Mr. Speaker, I have written a letter to the President  of the United States, which I am sending today, that carries a simple  message on behalf of the American people: Mr. President, it is time for  you to resign the office of the Presidency for the good of the United  States and her people.   It has become clear to Congress and the American people, especially  those of us who do not exclusively watch sanitized versions on the  President's most supported media outlets, that, for decades, the  President led a vast criminal enterprise that went on to engage in  criminal activity during the 2016 campaign for the White House and  engaged in criminal activity since taking the office of President. The  fact is clear.   The President is the target of multiple criminal investigations on  several fronts:   Number one, the violation of Federal election laws, including the  failure to report payments and contributions as required under campaign  finance law;   Number two, the violation of tax, banking, and fraud laws related to  The Trump Organization and immediate business associates and family  members of the President;   Number three, apparent involvement and encouragement of the illegal  hacking of political opponents during the 2016 campaign and efforts to  derail investigations and inquiries since taking the office of  President; and   Number four, working and encouraging and collaborating with a foreign  government, Russia, to interfere in the 2016 election in order to help  the President's campaign, combined with efforts, while in office, to  obstruct justice in the investigation of the campaign.   Those are just four of the criminal conspiracies that point directly  to the President of the United States and compromise his ability to  continue leading the Nation.   I have only 5 minutes to speak, so I don't have the time to enumerate  the convictions in Federal court of close associates of the President's  business interests and campaign, nor the guilty  [[Page H7828]]  pleas, the plea bargains, or the immunity granted to the President's  employees, friends, and business associates, including those directly  managing his political operation and serving in his White House.   And, yes, the investigations are still going on, as are the  prosecutions, guilty pleas, and sentencing of the President's  coconspirators in each of these four criminal matters. And we don't  know; there may be many more shoes to drop from local, State, and  Federal prosecutors, because when you start looking under the rocks  piled around this President, you find ample evidence of systematic  fraud, criminal activity, and coverup.    For me, this has nothing to do with the President's racism, his  misogyny, his homophobia and Islamophobia. It is different than his  ties to and support for white supremacy or the voice he lends to the  wildest and most discredited conspiracy theories the dark right web and  talk radio can come up with.   And as ugly as it was to hear, even his stark admission of sexual  assault against women is separate from the systematic criminal activity  he has clearly engaged in, much of which he, himself, has admitted  unwittingly in television interviews.   His policies are clearly damaging to the moral fabric of the American  people, but this goes beyond the President's attacks on law  enforcement, his giveaways to big polluters and operations, his defense  of the superrich, his assault on Federal workers, the plundering of the  economy, and the lasting damage he is doing on a daily basis to our  most important international relationships with allies and foes alike.   Vice President Pence, with whom I served in this body, is someone I  disagree with on almost every issue of importance, especially his  offensive views on homosexuality, women's rights, abortion, race  relations, immigration, and almost anything else; but by comparison, he  is better, even if he is wrong on many, many policy issues. Therefore,  while I do not relish a Pence Presidency, at this point, I feel it is  an absolute necessity for the good of the country, for the good of our  people, for the good of the world, and America's place in that world.   Mr. Speaker, in my letter, I humbly ask, as a proud American,  patriot, public servant, a dad, a granddad, and a fellow human being, I  ask the President to resign immediately.   Please resign and spare the Nation from this ongoing nightmare. Don't  do this to us. Don't make us go down with you. Step aside, sir, for the  good of our country and for the good of the world.   Mr. Speaker, I will include in the Record my letter to the President  of the United States asking him to resign.   