 Mr. Speaker, I thank my ranking member and the chairman  for yielding. I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for  their bipartisan efforts here.   I rise in support of H.R. 4986, the RAY BAUM'S Act. In the first  place, this bill will help ensure that the incentive auction repack can  move forward in a timely fashion and that Americans can have access to  their local broadcasting stations during this period of time.   On the other hand, I am very proud that this bill includes a  bipartisan provision that Congressman Kinzinger and I worked on.   This provision will move us forward in closing the digital divide for  our Nation's veterans. Access to broadband internet service is critical  for the more than 20 million veterans across our country, with the  highest population of veterans residing in California.   Having a broadband internet connection helps veterans apply for jobs  more easily, obtain necessary vocational training, communicate with  family and friends, keep up with current events, access healthcare  services, and get important information about their benefits and  military records.   Without broadband internet access, it is difficult to fully  participate in today's society. Veterans face many challenges when they  return home, and not having internet access makes what is already an  incredibly tough transition process even harder. This is particularly  likely to be the case for low-income veterans and veterans living in  rural areas.   Although we lack specific data on the number of veterans with  broadband internet access, we know that Americans who live in rural  areas are less likely to be connected. This is also the case for  Americans who live at or below the Federal poverty level.   We must find ways to ensure that veterans, especially the more than  1.4 million veterans living below the Federal poverty level and the 5.3  million residing in rural areas, are not left behind.   This is why my provision directs the Federal Communications  Commission to examine the current state of broadband access for  veterans and what can be done to increase access, with a focus on low- income veterans and veterans residing in rural areas.   The findings and recommendations from this report will be important  for paving the way to get more veterans connected. I urge my colleagues  to vote for this bill.   