 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up  to 15 minutes as in morning business.    Madam President, yesterday marked the sixth anniversary  of the kidnapping of a brave young man named Austin Tice.   Back in 2012, Austin decided to put his law school studies on hold  and spend the summer in Syria as a freelance journalist. He was  frustrated with the lack of good information on Syria's civil war--a  war that, by some estimates, has claimed more than one-half million  lives and displaced millions more, having created a refugee crisis  affecting neighboring countries, like Jordan, Turkey, and Lebanon, and  having destabilized the entire region.   In spite of the violence and political turmoil and as a strong  believer in the freedom of the press, Austin wanted to let his fellow  Americans know what was going on in that terrible civil war, which  continues to this day. So he didn't wait around for someone else to  act; he went to Syria himself, and he reported on the civil war.   As with most things he tried, Austin proved to be a very successful  journalist. But then, in August of 2012, just days before he was  planning to leave Syria, he was taken hostage, and little has been  heard from him since. That is why I am again today renewing my call for  Austin Tice's immediate release by his captors.   Over the last several years, I have had the privilege of meeting with  Austin's parents a number of times, Mark and Debra Tice, who have  worked tirelessly to locate him and bring him home safely. In fact, I  plan to meet with them again this afternoon to bring them up to speed  on my most recent conversations with National Security Adviser John  Bolton, whom I have asked to meet with the Tices and maintain the  continuity between the Obama administration and now the Trump  administration when it comes to efforts  [[Page S5600]]  to return him safely to his family and friends.   Of course, his family doesn't know Austin as a journalist, primarily;  they don't know him primarily as a decorated Marine Corps veteran, a  Houston native, and a seventh-generation Texan, either--all of which he  is. They, of course, know him as their friend, their brother, their  son.   Austin Tice has a family who is waiting for him, missing him, and  laboring to find any piece of information that will lead to his  whereabouts and return him home safely.   Today, on the sixth anniversary, I am here to say that the entire  Nation stands behind the Tice family. In solidarity with them, we call  for Austin's immediate release by his captors and urge the  administration to use all possible means to secure Austin's safe return  home. I am thankful to the Trump administration, as I am to the Obama  administration, and I have met with them both about Austin's case.   I know the former administration of President Obama and the current  administration of President Trump share my desire to see Austin come  home as soon as possible, but we need to take a step back and realize  why people like Austin are taken hostage in the first place. In many  parts of the world, authoritarian regimes and criminal nonstate actors  see a free press as a threat--an existential threat. They don't want to  risk a spotlight exposing human rights abuses, lies, corruption, and  graft. They want to inoculate themselves from criticism and bury the  truth so it never sees the light of day.   In places like Turkey, Syria, China, and elsewhere, journalists are  silenced and often jailed, sometimes even killed. We have seen this to  the south of our border in Mexico, too, with drug cartels and criminal  syndicates that don't like the scrutiny that a free press provides on  their illicit activities.   According to organizations like Reporters Without Borders, 2017 was  perhaps the most dangerous year on record for journalists, and 2018 is  not expected to be any different. We need to be aware of this and  constantly vigilant to do our part to ensure journalists' safety and  the flourishing of freedom of the press everywhere it can possibly  exist.   So, to Austin's parents, I pledge: I will never give up until we find  your son and bring him home safely. This week, we will pass another  milestone--6 years--but hope that in the near future, the next  milestone will be the day that marks Austin's return to the United  States and to his family.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from North Carolina  (Mr. Burr), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake), the Senator from  Oklahoma (Mr. Inhofe), the Senator from Utah (Mr. Lee), the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain), the Senator from Florida (Mr. Rubio), the  Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Tillis), and the Senator from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Toomey).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea'' and the Senator from Florida (Mr.  Rubio) would have voted ``yea.''   