 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the balanced  budget amendment, which, in my judgment, is one of the worst pieces of  legislation I have seen since I have been in the Congress.   First, it will act as a doomsday machine, destroying critical  programs like Social Security, Medicare, investments in our  infrastructure, investments in science and research, and investments in  our military.   Second, it represents wrongheaded economics. To manage the country  with a zero deficit is not smart economic policy.   Third, it is being presented to the American people in a deceitful  manner. To compare fiscal planning of the U.S. Government to how  hardworking families in this country should manage their own personal  finances is misrepresenting how we should think about our government.   And fourth, it is being done entirely for political reasons: to  direct attention away from tax legislation that has materially  increased the deficit of this country.   If we wanted to have an honest conversation about the fiscal  situation of this country, which is terrible and projected to be worse,  we would focus on three numbers: The first number we would focus on, or  the first percentage, is our debt as a percentage of our economy; the  second ratio we would focus on is how much we think our economy could  grow each year; and the third number we would focus on is the  percentage of our deficit as expressed relative to our economy.   If we actually wanted to work together, if the majority and the  minority wanted to work together and put together a fiscal plan for  this country that was responsible, that represented smart economics,  allowed us to invest in our country, and put us on a trajectory where  the debt, as a percentage of our economy, would go down over time and  return to normal levels, then we  [[Page H3165]]  would be talking about how do we come up with a budget that had  deficits on an annual basis of minus 1.5 to 2 percent.   That wouldn't put us in a position where we have to slash so many  important government programs because this government has insufficient  tax revenues. In fact, our tax revenues are the lowest as a percentage  of our economy that they have been in 50 years.   But if we actually wanted to have a real conversation about putting  this country on an appropriate kind of long-term fiscal trajectory, we  would work towards 2 percent deficits. Because if, in fact, our economy  could grow at 2.5 percent a year, then, by definition, the debt as a  percentage of our economy would go down; and it would go down by  setting realistic goals that don't represent inappropriate cuts to core  government programs like Medicare and Social Security and our defense  spending and our investment in our country, in our kids, in our  infrastructure, and in our research.   That would be a conversation that represents smart economic policy.  It would be an honest conversation with the American people. It  wouldn't be done for political reasons, and it would materially improve  the fiscal trajectory of this country.   