 Mr. Speaker, my home State of Michigan requires a  balanced annual budget. We actually have  [[Page H3170]]  a rainy day fund. A rainy day fund will ensure when tax revenues fall  because of the economy, we can pay our costs to run the government.   Every household needs to balance its budget and live within its  means. Imagine that. A novel concept. This Federal Government should do  the same thing.   Mr. Speaker, the current U.S. national debt has topped $21 trillion.  We could make a big stack of that here. I am not sure we could count  that high or have the time to do it today. We are coming to the edge of  a fiscal crisis, unless we take aggressive steps to rein in our debt,  our spending.   I spent 35 years in business. I full well know that in order to be  successful, you can't just spend whatever you think you need and hope  it all works out.   I have heard colleagues on the other side of the aisle say, ``What?  We brought this to the floor without hearings?''   We need to have hearings about not spending more than we have? I  can't imagine that. Think about that.   We talk about if we actually reduce our spending, we are going to  pillage programs? On the other side of the aisle, they talk about just  increase taxes.   I went to the school of economics and public policy. The reality is,  look at what has happened in Greece and other countries. You can't, by  raising taxes, simply think you are going to get more revenue. In fact,  it goes someplace else frequently. The answer is not spend yourself  into oblivion and hope to raise taxes.   That is why I stand here today in full support of H.J. Res. 2, the  balanced budget amendment. I cosponsored it, I support it. It brings  needed financial discipline to this Congress, because it is abundantly  clear to me in 16 months here, we are unable to control our spending  unless someone puts the reins on us, puts us, frankly, in handcuffs,  because we find a way to spend more money than we ever hope to have.   It is time to stop. We owe it to the American people, we owe it to  our children and grandchildren; otherwise, frankly, we are going to  shackle them to debt for their entire lives.   