 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New  Jersey and all of our colleagues here tonight for standing for the  sanctity of every human life.   Mr. Speaker, I was born on January 30, 1972, 357 days before Roe v.  Wade became the law of the land. Before I came to Congress, for almost  20 years, I defended religious freedom and the sanctity of human life  in the courts and the court of public opinion.   We often summarized our conviction on this issue by stating, very  simply, what I have said in this Chamber now many times, that this is  part of the very foundation of our Republic. It was the British  philosopher, G.K. Chesterton, who said one time:   ``America is the only nation in the world that is founded on a  creed.''   He said that creed is articulated with ``theological lucidity in the  Declaration of Independence.''   What is the creed?   We hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created  equal and that they were endowed by their Creator with certain  unalienable rights. Among these are the rights to life, liberty, and  the pursuit of happiness.   The Founders understood that this is essential to who we are as  Americans, but, more fundamentally than that, who we are as human  beings. They understood that because we are made in the imagine of a  holy God, every single person has inestimable dignity and value. And  our value is not related in any way to our race, our socioeconomic  status, where we came from, where we went to school, how talented we  are, or what we may be able to contribute to society. Our value is  inherent because it is given to us by God.   It is for all of these reasons we fight for the sanctity of every  human life, we cherish our children as a heritage from the Lord--as the  scripture says--and we defend the defenseless. It is our solemn  obligation before the Lord, and I pray that we are always faithful in  doing so.   Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Rodney Davis).   Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for  yielding. Chris Smith is one of the leaders in the pro-life movement  that we have had not just here in the House, but in our country.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today because I want to commemorate the 45th  anniversary of Roe v. Wade. Every year in January, families, religious  leaders, and students come to Washington, D.C., and march from the  National Mall to the Supreme Court. To me, the March for Life means  having renewed hope and faith in our Nation's young people, as I see  hundreds, many from perishes just like mine, come to our Nation's  Capital to stand for human life.   I want to recognize all of the groups from Illinois, who are  traveling to participate in this week's March for Life event, including  the 250 young people and chaperones from my Diocese in Springfield,  Illinois. As a father of a daughter and twin boys, I want to thank our  youth for their commitment to life.   Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Smucker).   