 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Torres for her  leadership and Ms. Cheney for her hard work on the Rules Committee.   Mr. Speaker, in 1965, when President Lyndon Johnson signed the Higher  Education Act, he said that it meant ``that a high school senior  anywhere in this great land of ours can apply to any college or any  university in any of the 50 States and not be turned away because their  family is poor.''   Unfortunately, 53 years later, the promise of an affordable education  is out of reach for millions of students. In May of this year,  America's outstanding student loan debt surpassed $1.5 trillion.   With the cost of college education and the debt needed to afford it  growing each year, Americans are demanding action to lower the crushing  costs of higher education; and thus it is imperative that we pass  a comprehensive update to the Higher Education Act which deals with the  full menu of Federal policy that will keep higher education affordable.    Unfortunately, the majority has failed to bring HEA to the floor in  that long overdue rewrite, and today we are only left with the  Financial Counseling bill that we are going to vote on, which is just a  sliver of what we need to do to build America's future workforce.   In 2008, the last HEA was negotiated under then-Chairman George  Miller and passed the House and Senate with overwhelming bipartisan  support. Fast-forward to last December, the majority introduced the  misnamed PROSPER Act, a misguided attempt to update HEA that guts $15  billion from Federal student aid and diverts taxpayer money to low- quality, predatory programs.   Unlike 2008, this bill squeaked out of the Education and Workforce  Committee on a party-line vote. Fortunately, that bill has not seen the  light of day ever since.   In the absence of any movement on a long overdue update of HEA, I am  pleased to report that committee Democrats stepped into this vacuum and  introduced the Aim Higher Act, a comprehensive approach to higher  education. Under the Aim Higher Act, every student will have the  opportunity to earn a quality, debt-free degree or credential that  leads to a rewarding career.   This bill makes a number of changes to higher education to make  degrees more affordable and easier to pay off. It provides 2 years of  tuition-free community college to every high school graduate through  Federal-State partnerships, incentivizes States to reinvest in their 4- year public colleges and universities, and makes Federal financial aid  more generous to keep pace with increased tuition costs.   Additionally, knowing that 4-year college isn't for everyone and that  our workforce needs are changing, our bill allows students to use their  Pell grants for quality, short-term certificate programs that provide  an accelerated path to the workforce.   As I mentioned before, our student loan debt is at the highest level  it has ever been, $1.5 trillion. That is the highest amount of consumer  debt outside of mortgages. This debt burden is a drag not on just the  student graduate or a family, it is a drag on our entire economy that  impacts when or if a buyer can buy a home, start a family, get a small  business off the ground, or change careers.   Today, many interest rates for student loans are often far higher  than other consumer borrowing, yet, like other forms of debt, student  loans cannot be refinanced as interest rates drop, saddling 25 million  borrowers with thousands of dollars in extra debt. Our bill fixes that  and will allow students to refinance their loans to more affordable  rates.   Looking at the nationwide shortage of teachers and primary care  doctors, our bill preserves the effective Public Service Loan  Forgiveness Program, which the PROSPER Act abolished, to encourage  talented individuals to pursue careers in high-need fields.   It also expands the program to address challenges in our farming  communities, where the average farmer age is now 58 years old and new  farmers entering the field have drooped by 20 percent.   The Aim Higher Act isn't just focused on cutting the cost of higher  education; it is also focused on improving the quality of higher  education. It cracks down on predatory institutions that waste student  and taxpayer money by peddling expensive, low-quality programs.   Our veterans who have earned their GI Bill benefits through service  and sacrifice are frequent targets and victims of fraudulent schools,  as Mrs. Holly Petraeus, the wife of General David Petraeus,  crisscrossed America a couple years ago as a representative of the  Consumer Finance Protection Bureau to warn veterans of these rip-offs.   And finally, the Aim Higher Act gives students the tools they need to  [[Page H7837]]  graduate on time. We invest in campus childcare for student parents,  subsidized housing for homeless and foster youth, faculty training for  students with disabilities, and community centers to help student  veterans transition to civilian life.   Policy is defined by priorities. Instead of spending limited  resources on a tax cut for those who don't need it, we believe that we  should invest in our children and in the future of our economy. That is  what the Aim Higher Act does.   Mr. Speaker, I hope you will join us in pushing for a higher  education system that puts the promise of quality, debt-free degrees  and a rewarding career within the reach of all Americans.   