 Mr. President, the events of the last 36 hours,  particularly the issue that now dominates the media coverage in  America, and our political debates on the floor cause me to come today  to the floor of the Senate to speak for a few minutes to my  constituents in the State of Florida but also to anyone else who  clearly should care about this issue across our country, for it is one  that impacts our Nation in ways that I don't think have been fully  vetted or are clearly understood by enough people.   The idea that the Russian Federation, at the command of Vladimir  Putin, interfered in our election is something that most Americans are  now familiar with. It has been a topic of ongoing conversation,  discussion, debate, argument, and dispute, pretty much since the fall  of 2016 and to the present day. It has morphed into something that has  become domestically more of a partisan issue. It is hard to believe. If  you were able to get in a time machine and go back just 5 years and  tell someone that Russian interference in our election would become a  partisan issue, along the lines in which we see it play out now, few  would believe you.   I will spend very little time today talking about the past and saying  ``you guys did this on the other side of the aisle before we did'' and  vice versa because it isn't constructive and means nothing to the  future.   It wasn't long ago, in a major Presidential debate where the  Republican nominee, Mitt Romney, pointed to Russia as the greatest  geopolitical challenge of the United States, that he was roundly mocked  not just by President Obama, who was running for election and  subsequently won, but by many in the press. I don't say that for  purposes of drawing a ``you guys were wrong back then'' kind of  argument. I say it solely for purposes of understanding how far we have  come and where we are today.   By the way, I wouldn't necessarily agree with that statement. I  believe, by and large, that the greatest geopolitical challenge for the  United States and the world in the 21st century will be whether China's  rise is peaceful and productive or not.   When the story of the 21st century is written, there will be some  chapters in that book about Vladimir Putin and Russia, and it is a  topic that increasingly dominates our domestic debate today in ways  that I think require more careful examination and understanding if we  are to make from it good public policy and good decisions for the  country.   I think it begins with something that I talked about last week; that  is, understanding the nature of this conflict. It begins with a man,  Vladimir Putin. I don't know the man, but I know enough about him and  have certainly learned enough about him to make some pretty clear  assessments that I believe in deeply. The first is that this is a man  who was raised in the Cold War Soviet Union, where people were trained  to be suspicious about each other, and who then went on to a career in  the intelligence agency of that country, the KGB. The result is that he  is, by nature and by all accounts, both a suspicious and a paranoid  individual, as someone probably would be if they spent their whole life  lying to other people. You begin to assume that everyone is a liar.  This is a man who made his living by deceiving westerners and  manipulating them.   He also grew up in a society where neighbors spied on each other and  kids turned their parents in, and you never really knew who the other  person you were talking to was. But if you were reported as someone who  was against the government, your career, your ability to go to school  and the quality of life for your family would be deeply impacted. There  is no way that you grow up in a society like that and in an environment  like that and, then, later on, go and work as a spy and it does not  somehow frame the way you operate or think for years to come.   The other thing that is pretty clear--for reasons I don't fully  understand because I don't know him, I don't know his family, and I  don't know his upbringing--is that he takes everything deeply personal.  Any sort of effort against Russia is not a geopolitical decision or  something that he can depersonalize. He seems to absorb all these  things as a personal attack on him. As a result, he, I think, has come  to view himself as Russia--as the embodiment of the Russian Federation.   You add to all of that his views as a leader, and it is interesting  because, if you go back to Vladimir Putin 15 years ago, he wasn't  nearly as confident or as bold as he is at this moment. There are a lot  of reasons for it, but this is a person who accidentally became the  leader of Russia. He is kind of almost the guy who stumbled into the  role because of a series of circumstances. He was hardly known before  he started his career as Prime Minister but went on to the Presidency,  nonetheless. He is someone who wound up in this position almost by  accident, but since then, he has solidified his hold.    There is the Vladimir Putin from the first time around and the  Vladimir Putin from the second time around, but one thing is abundantly  clear from his public statements, and that is that he viewed the end of  the Cold War as a disaster for Russia, and not for the reasons some  people think. It is not an ideological rationale, but because Russia,  which already has a deep and long history in its geopolitics of feeling  ignored by Europe and Asia and disrespected by the world--at the end of  the Cold War, Russia was a nation that faced incredible challenges.  [[Page S5008]]    Imagine for a moment that you are in the government or living in the  Soviet Union and you oversee this incredible empire that covers all of  this territory and have all these nations within your sphere of  influence, and overnight, it all evaporates. Overnight, all of the  countries in your periphery begin to join NATO. They start having  elections. They start becoming allies of the United States. Your  territory shrinks. One day, Ukraine is part of the Soviet Union; the  next day, it is its own country.   Then add to that, over the next 12 to 15 years, the sort of emergence  of the United States for much of that period of time as the world's  sole superpower, while Russia was struggling to have an economy or even  be relevant in the global discourse.   Then you come to see that Vladimir Putin viewed that period of time  in world history, up to the present day, as an example of the strong  America and strong West abusing a weak Russia, because this is  ultimately how he views life and how he views the world. It is a battle  between the weak and the strong, where the strong prey on the weak. You  know who he wants to be. So because of all of that and because he is  paranoid and because he is suspicious, he believes the United States,  for example, was behind the protests in 2011 that broke out on the  streets against his rule. He believes the United States is behind  everything that is happening in Ukraine. All of this leads him to the  two goals he has, and there are two goals that have become crystal  clear, especially beginning his second time around as President.   A lot of people forget that he was President, he left, and his  handpicked successor served for a period of time. Then he came back for  the second time. It is the second Putin we are now dealing with.   Since that time, two things have become pretty clear about his goals.  The first is that he wants to reestablish Russia once again as a world  power, like the time when the Soviet Union was on par with the United  States of America. He can't do that economically. A lot of people don't  realize this, but Russia is the 9th or 10th largest economy in the  world. To put it in perspective, the Italian economy--Italy is a great  country--the Italian economy, with less territory, less oil, fewer  people, is bigger than the Russian economy. It is about equal to the  Spanish economy. I would dare say--for example, my home State of  Florida has an economy now at about $1 trillion. Russia is at $2  trillion. There are States in this country that have a bigger economy  than Russia's. So he is not a global economic superpower. The only  thing that makes him a global superpower is the fact that they possess  thousands of nuclear weapons and conventional military capabilities  that are significant and have improved as he has invested in them. He  quickly realized: The way I am going to become relevant in the world  again is not through my economic or diplomatic prowess; the way I am  going to become relevant in the world again is I am going to use my  conventional weapons, my conventional capabilities, along with some  asymmetrical ones, to inject myself in the discussion in different  parts of the world and show people that Russia and Vladimir Putin are  strong again.   That is what he has done. It actually began back in 2008 with the  invasion of Georgia--we now commemorate the 10th anniversary of that-- but it also plays out in his intervention in Syria or the annexation of  Crimea. I believe he would have moved forward into Kiev and broader  Ukraine had there not been the EU and U.S. sanctions against him as a  result.   The first objective is to make Russia a world power again. The second  objective, which he thinks is tied to the first, is that he has to make  America weak. Vladimir Putin is a strong believer in zero-sum  propositions--not in the idea that somehow we can both be better off or  that there can be a win-win but a true believer in the idea that in  order for me to be stronger or us to be stronger, you have to be  weaker.   It plays out that in order for Russia to be stronger, America, which  he views as his greatest geopolitical competitor, has to be weaker.  That is why they chose to interfere in the 2016 election.   Let me say this: I don't think Vladimir Putin interfered in our  elections; I don't believe he interfered in our elections; I know it  for a fact. By the way, so does everyone who has looked at this issue  and knows anything about it. There is zero doubt about it. What I think  we are missing in our debate is the why and the how.   The why is not what people think. He may have had a personal  preference in an election, but his interference and his efforts to  interfere in our elections began well before the President of the  United States descended down those escalators in New York in the summer  of 2015. They intended to do this long before that period of time.   His No. 1 objective was to ensure that no matter who was elected  President of the United States, that person would assume office under a  cloud of nagging and persistent controversy. He wanted to weaken them  internally because, as an intelligence officer, he understood the power  of being weakened from within. He understands it so much that he  jealously protects his image in Russia, he guards it, disclosing very  little about himself or about his personal life. He never puts himself  in a position to appear vulnerable. He only shows pictures of things he  wants people to see and actually allows no dissent--to the point where  a substantial number of the people who opposed Vladimir Putin are not  out of politics or even in jail; they are dead. Sadly, the world is  littered with story after story of a Russian opposition figure found  dead in his hotel room, strangled, fell out of a window, poisoned. It  happens over and over again. These things are not a coincidence.   He wanted to weaken whoever was the next President of the United  States. No matter how this election turned out in November, whether the  President was named Trump or Clinton, we would be dealing with a  President right now under a cloud of controversy because he had it  lined up either way.    The second thing he wanted to do as part of the first part is  undermine confidence in our institutions--I mean all of our  institutions: our elections, the media, our political figures,  everything. It has extended to important institutions like the FBI and  our intelligence agencies. He undermined confidence so that no one  could be believed. And the President is under controversy. Divide us  against each other so that there are no authorities in which we trust.  Some of this, by the way, was already happening in our country, but  they had the nuanced understanding of it to be able to exploit it.   The third, as part of the first and second, is to really drive  divisions--not just to weaken the President and undermine confidence in  our institutions but look for ways to do so by exacerbating preexisting  tensions in our society.   These were the aims of the Russian interference campaign beyond  everything else. It was not about electing one candidate or another; it  was about these things. It would be hard to see what happened yesterday  and the reaction to it and not conclude that this effort succeeded his  wildest expectations. Today, the President of the United States has  operated for the better part of a year and a half under a persistent  cloud of controversy.   On the one side, his political opponents are intimating that his  Presidency is illegitimate, that his election was not real. I heard  words like ``treason'' thrown around yesterday.   On the other side is complete denial that there was any interference  and the undermining publicly of important institutions in this our  country, such as the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which, by the  way, is made up of thousands of employees, the vast and enormous  majority of whom are patriotic Americans who keep us safe every single  day. Undermining confidence in our institutions is tied to the point I  just made, not to mention the fact that, increasingly, Americans get  their news and information from someone who tells you what you already  believe and confirms your bias even further, which drives our  divisions.   There is no way you could see what was happening in this country over  the last year and a half--which was already happening, by the way, and  for which all of us in American politics are somewhat responsible--and  not conclude that Vladimir Putin's plan to undermine the Presidency, no  matter who it  [[Page S5009]]  was, to undermine confidence in our institutions, and to drive  divisions in our country has been wildly successful, at a very low  price.   Interestingly, yesterday one of the interviews that he did--I think  it was Mr. Wallace at FOX News who asked him about this, and his  response was that none of the things that were leaked are untrue, as if  to almost say with a wink, even if we colluded--or not colluded--even  if we hacked and even if we did all these things and interfered, so  what? We didn't lie. These are all true things.   So what have I heard in response to some of this? I will not spend a  lot of time addressing some of the arguments made by the President's  opponents. There is an ongoing investigation being conducted by Mr.  Mueller, which I believe should reach its conclusion naturally as he  continues to do his work. I have said this, and I will repeat it: It is  in the best interest of the President of the United States and of our  country for Mr. Mueller to do his work without interference and be able  to conclude it. No matter where you line up or whom you voted for, we  should all want to know the truth. That truth will ultimately have to  be proven in a court of law.   From his history, I have no reason to believe that Mr. Mueller will  not conduct a full, thorough, and fair investigation. Ultimately, it is  truth and the light of the truth that will help us overcome a lot of  these controversies we find today. Until that has happened, any  accusations are unfair, unwise, and counterproductive.   But one of the arguments I have heard from people on my side of the  aisle is that this is not a big deal because everybody does it. And if  by ``everybody does it'' you mean everybody spies, yes, virtually every  nation on Earth has an intelligence agency, and some do a better job  than others. But do not be misled--everyone does not do what we saw in  2016. Our problem in 2016 was not that the Russians spied on Americans  or that the Americans spied on the Russians or that the Chinese spied  on us; our problem in 2016 is that the Russian Federation, under the  command of Vladimir Putin, weaponized information. One thing is to  gather information; another thing is to strategically leak it in an  effort to influence the domestic politics of another country. And that  is what Vladimir Putin ordered done for purposes of undermining the  next President, whoever it was, and undermining confidence in our  elections and our institutions.   They hacked into emails. They released these emails through a third  party. It was picked up in the media, it was reported, and then we  fought about it. That is what they have done. They have done it in  other countries for years. They did it somewhat in the Cold War. They  did it in 2016. And they will do it again. Let there be no doubt--they  will do it again. Then after they released all this stuff, they used  their army of bots and trolls to drive this information online, on  platforms, particularly trying to drive it to certain groups and people  to divide us even further against each other.   One of the most dangerous things they did, which is now open record  in the indictment issued last week by the Mueller investigation, is  they probed the electoral systems of our States and counties. A lot of  people are saying: They didn't get in the ballot box. Absolutely. I  tell you with full confidence that the reason President Trump won had  nothing to do with Vladimir Putin--nothing. But I think we are wrong if  we think all we should be worried about is the ability to change votes  at the ballot box because if they can somehow change people's  registration and enough people on election day go to vote and are told  ``You aren't allowed to vote,'' their trolls will be ready to drive  that news out there on election day. Then come election day, no matter  who won, the other side will say that there were these weird things  that happened down there in some county or some State, so the election  is not valid.   Imagine that for a moment. Imagine an election in 2000 in my home  State that was decided by less than 600 votes. Imagine that in a  Republican county, a bunch of Democrats went to vote on election day  and were told: You can't vote today because you are not registered. If  that happened to enough people, the Russian trolls would jump all over  it. They would start driving it on the news. It would be featured on  cable news that day.   That night, if they lost, they would be arguing ``The election was  rigged. The electoral officials in the Republican county rigged the  elections''--all driven by the Russians, and vice versa, by the way.   That is the danger, that we can one day potentially elect a President  of the United States who swears into office with a substantial number  of people believing that the election was stolen, undermining not just  the President at that point but our very system of democracy. That is  what they did. Anyone who tells you that everyone does that is lying.  Everyone does not do that. The United States does not do these things.  I am a big critic of the Chinese, but the Chinese don't do these  things. I have other problems with them. The Belgians don't do this,  and the Japanese don't do this. Only one country in the world has  weaponized information in this way in order to interfere in an  adversary's election, and that is the Russian Federation under Vladimir  Putin.    The other argument I have heard is: What is wrong with better  relations with Russia? Nothing is wrong with better relations with  Russia. I will tell you right now that the world would be a better  place, a more peaceful place, and our lives would be a little easier.  We would be stronger if, somehow, we had a partner in the Russian  Federation with whom we could work to deal with things like terrorism  and the proliferation of nuclear weapons and Iran and all sorts of  issues--North Korea. We all wish we had that.   The reason that isn't happening, frankly, is not because of us. It is  because of Vladimir Putin. For Vladimir Putin, better relations are not  what he is interested in. He is not seeking a partnership with the  United States. What he is seeking is geopolitical, perceptional  equality. He wants to be viewed as being on par with America, both as a  leader and his country as a whole, and he believes the only way he can  do that is to pull himself up and tear us down. I, frankly, have to  tell you that it is very difficult to have better relations with  someone who believes that the only way for him to be better off is for  you to be worse off. As long as the Russian Federation is led by  someone who has total control of his government and has these views, it  is going to be very difficult to have better relations.   That does not mean we don't meet with Vladimir Putin. Anyone who says  that the meeting, alone, is wrong is not being wise and is being  disingenuous. As 90 percent of the nuclear weapons on this planet are  possessed by the United States and the Russian Federation, that alone  is reason for us to engage with Vladimir Putin. We have to. We have no  choice. Yet we should engage with him with clear eyes and a clear  understanding of what he is up to and what he is trying to do. We  should engage with a very clear understanding that this is a man who,  throughout his life as leader of the Russian Federation, has never  passed up an opportunity to exploit the weakness of an adversary or a  competitor. Every time he sees weakness and the opportunity to gain an  advantage, he will take it, and any engagement with him in which that  is not understood is a dangerous one.   So I have no problem with having better relations with Russia.  Frankly, I am not one of these people who is over the top on Russia to  the extent of the threat it poses. It does have nuclear weapons, but we  have bigger threats than Russia. Yet it is a very significant one that  needs to be addressed.   Our moving forward is what, I hope, we will focus on. Mueller will  continue his work, and the Intelligence Committee, which I sit on, will  continue its work. Yet we are going to have an election in a few  months. We are going to continue to have elections every 2 years,  hopefully, forever, and there is no reason to believe that they will  not try to do this again.   That is why, earlier this year, along with Senator Van Hollen, I  proposed the DETER Act, which is the only thing that Vladimir Putin  understands--deterrence. The DETER Act says here is a list of  sanctions, and these sanctions will go into effect immediately if the  Director of National  [[Page S5010]]  Intelligence, after an intelligence assessment, determines that Russia  is, once again, interfering in our elections so that before he even  does it, he has a very clear understanding of what the price is going  to be.   Men like Vladimir Putin operate as cost-benefit analyzers. They weigh  the costs against the benefits, and then they decide what action to  take. There is no doubt, in 2016, he saw that the costs of what he did  were very low. He thought he could hide it. He thought, by the time we  would have figured it out, it would have been too late. He thought that  America would be in such disarray that it wouldn't be able to get its  act together and actually impose any additional sanctions. He saw the  benefits as extraordinary, so he took action, and he will do it again  if he doesn't think the costs are high enough.   My hope is, over the next few days and in a short period of time, we  will figure out a way, in working together as Americans on this issue,  to set aside all of the stuff about yesterday--that probe will  continue, and our work on the Intelligence Committee will continue--and  focus on the future.   No matter how you feel about 2016, who among us would say that if  Russia interferes in 2018--or in any year for that matter--it shouldn't  be punished? Who among us would say, if we had the opportunity to put  into law strong consequences for interference that could deter such an  attack, we wouldn't want to do it? That is why I hope that no matter  how you may feel about the other things that are going on that the  Senate can come together and work together to pass this law, because,  otherwise, we are leaving our Nation vulnerable.   I will close with something I said back in October of 2016, which is  that Vladimir Putin is not a Republican, and he is not a Democrat, and  he is not a conservative, and he is not a liberal. Do not ascribe to  him any of the attributes of American politics. He interfered in 2016  in order to create chaos and controversy, not to elect any particular  party or individual. By far, that was his strongest motivator, and he  will do it again.   I believe, if left unchecked, he will target Members of the Senate  who he thinks are his opponents. He will target Members of Congress.  Eventually, he will even target our debates outside of elections. I  believe, if left unchecked, he is going to take the next step and not  just leak information but will make it up. He is going to come up with  9 emails that will be real and will embed a 10th that will be fake. It  will be reported, and it might cost one an election or might cost  someone enough heartache that one has to resign.   Information is a very powerful weapon. If you go online, you will  already see the ability to produce these deepfake videos that look  real, videos that only an expert could tell are fake. They are of  people saying or doing things they never said or never did. Imagine  those being in the hands of a nation-state and being leaked 2 days  before an election. A nation-state is going to do these things. It is  going to happen if we do not deter it from happening and if we do not  prepare our Nation and the American people. If you think this is  chaotic, then allow that to happen without informing us and preparing  us and strengthening us and putting in place a deterrent against that.  Then you will know chaos--a chaos that will shake us to our core.   I hope that we can take this small but important step of coming  together as Americans and protecting our elections for years to come  against an adversary who is determined to tear us down in order to  build himself up. This is reality. This is the world and the threat we  face. The sooner we address it the safer our Nation and our people will  be.   I yield the floor.   