 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise because we will soon have a chance to vote on  legislation that would punish those who attacked American democracy in  2016  [[Page H7696]]  and would deter anyone who tries to do so in the future.   The bill I introduced with Mr. Connolly, the SECURE Our Democracy  Act, would slap tough sanctions on anyone found to interfere with an  American election from overseas. It goes back to 2015, so it would  include those who tried to put their thumb on the scale in favor of  Donald Trump.   We first introduced this bill in January of 2017, when it was  becoming clear that Russia had waged a cyber warfare campaign against  our election. Our updated version of this bill includes new  congressional oversight provisions.   Why?   Because even if this bill passes, we don't trust the President to do  the right thing, quite frankly. We don't believe he will do what it  takes to protect our democracy, even after his own administration has  told us over and over that Russia is at it again. After standing next  to Vladimir Putin and accepting his lies over the unanimous conclusion  of our intelligence community, how could we?   So when the next vote is called, my friends on the other side of the  aisle have a choice to make. Will they vote to say to Putin, to our  chief adversary, that we won't tolerate his attacks on our democracy,  or will they again cede Congress' oversight role and continue to cover  up for the President, who cozies up to Putin, who sides with him over  our allies, and who continues to deny what everyone else knows is a  fact?   Make no mistake: The next vote is our opportunity to punish the  criminals who interfered in our election, to send a message that there  will be consequences for anyone who does so in the future. After this  vote, every Member will be on the record, letting the world know where  they stand.   So I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle: vote to  defeat the previous question. Vote to show Russia and Putin that we  won't stand by while they continue to attack American democracy.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the Conference Report on  the National Defense Authorization Act for 2019. I support the NDAA  legislation and will vote for its adoption on the House Floor today,  but I have serious reservations about how the Speaker's protocol on  outside conferees was implemented for the conference on this bill. As a  response to this problem, I chose not to sign the conference report.   The Speaker's protocol is not new, but it has become increasingly  problematic for the Foreign Affairs Committee, on which I serve as the  Ranking Member. Every year, the NDAA includes more than a hundred  provisions that affect the jurisdiction of our committee. I take our  responsibilities to review and negotiate these provisions extremely  seriously. Unfortunately, under the Speaker's protocol, we are not  appointed as outside conferees on provisions the Speaker or  parliamentarians consider to be minor.   I understand the motivation behind this protocol. The conference  process has to operate efficiently. However, many provisions that are  deemed minor under the protocol are in fact far from minor. They extend  major programs or mandate congressional oversight of critical issues.  The Foreign Affairs Committee brings an important perspective that is  distinct from the perspective of the Armed Services Committee, and we  should have a formal role in all provisions under our jurisdiction.   If the committee of jurisdiction on foreign policy matters is not  allowed to have conferees on important areas of the bill, then our only  alternative is to claim sequential jurisdiction over the committee- reported NDAA and act on it prior to House consideration.   I want to thank Ranking Member Smith, and his staff, for working  closely with us during the conference this year. They included us fully  in the process, and we are deeply grateful for this cooperation. But we  need to ensure we are not just consulted, but also named as outside  conferees on the entire range of provisions that fall into our  jurisdiction. I strongly support the goals of the National Defense  Authorization Act, and I look forward to working with the Speaker and  the Office of the Parliamentarian next year to ensure that the Foreign  Affairs Committee is a full participant.   Mr. DeFazio. Mr. Speaker, today, I will vote against the Conference  Report for H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal  Year (FY) 2019.   The legislation includes several provisions that I strongly support,  including giving servicemen and women a well-deserved raise of 2.6  percent. Those who serve in uniform have made extraordinary sacrifices  for our country and have earned and deserve a pay raise. It also  includes $6.3 billion, the largest amount ever, for the European  Deterrence Initiative to help protect Eastern Europe from further  Russian aggression.   Despite these important initiatives, I have strong concerns with a  number of provisions included in the Conference Report. This  legislation authorizes more than $708 billion, including $69 billion to  the Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) fund, an account which is not  counted in the budget and is not paid for. It adds to the deficit and  is used as a slush fund by the Pentagon.   Unlike every other federal agency, the Department of Defense (DOD)  has yet to complete a financial audit; taxpayers deserve to know how  the biggest bureaucracy in the federal government spends their money.  In fact, a shocking report released in December 2016 exposed $125  billion in waste that the Pentagon tried to hide from the public.   I refuse to support increased bureaucratic waste at the expense of  American taxpayers and our men and women in uniform. A more accountable  and transparent department would ensure taxpayer dollars are directed  towards the needs of our troops and the benefits they deserve, rather  than buying unnecessary weapon systems and giving the president a blank  check to fund wars Congress hasn't authorized.   I have always advocated for maintaining Congress's constitutionally- confirmed prerogative to declare war under the War Powers Act and  limiting the President's authority to engage in armed conflict without  the consent of Congress. I strongly oppose the NDAA's continued  authorization of spending for wars that are not congressionally  approved. The Pentagon uses the 2001 Authorization of Use of Military  Force (AUMF) to continue to justify the 17 years our troops have been  fighting in the Middle East. President Trump has sent troops to Syria,  Yemen, and elsewhere without seeking a new AUMF, a violation of the War  Powers Act.   Additionally, the bill prohibits the closing of Guantanamo Bay, which  costs more than $100 million each year to house 41 prisoners and has  been used as a top recruiting tool by terrorists. The prison at  Guantanamo Bay has been a black eye for the United States, has eroded  relationships with our allies, undermined U.S. missions abroad, and put  U.S. citizens and our troops at risk of retaliation.   Congress can make responsible cuts to our defense budget without  jeopardizing the safety of our troops or undermining our national  security. Fiscal responsibility and accountability at the Pentagon  would allow for funds to be better spent supporting the basic needs of  our troops, meeting our obligations to veterans of past wars, and  ensuring our true defense needs are prioritized.   