 Madam President, I thank my colleague from New Jersey and  my colleague from Delaware for working together on this issue.   I rise today once again to speak in defense of Special Counsel Robert  Mueller and to speak of the importance of the investigation he is  leading and the attacks on our electoral system during the lead-up to  the 2016 election. One wouldn't expect that such an investigation would  be controversial, but somehow it warranted a tweet from the President  earlier this week--one of several tweets--calling Special Counsel  Mueller a ``conflicted prosecutor gone rogue'' and claiming that the  ``$30 million witch hunt'' is doing nothing but ruining lives. To be  clear, this is the same investigation that brought indictments for more  than a dozen Russian nationalists for attempting to influence the 2016  election. Why shouldn't we be up in arms about that? Why does that  warrant a tweet from the President--many tweets--trying to go after the  special counsel?   The findings of this investigation are too important to our national  security and the well-being of our democratic institutions to be halted  or watered down. Mr. Mueller must be able to preserve the work he has  done by completing this very thorough investigation, and his findings  must be made public. This legislation has been proposed to ensure this  outcome.   S. 2644, the Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act, serves  one purpose: to protect the integrity of the special counsel's  investigation and to prevent the executive branch from inappropriately  interfering in an independent investigation in the future.   This legislation passed out of the Judiciary Committee in a  bipartisan manner nearly 8 months ago. It has been awaiting action on  the Senate floor ever since. It passed on May 26. Since that time, the  Judiciary Committee has been busy. We have been busy here on the Senate  floor. We have processed more than 50 judges and passed them here on  the Senate floor. That is a good thing, but the priority now needs to  be to protect the special counsel.   Some of my colleagues have said that this legislation is not  necessary because there hasn't been any indication that Mr. Mueller  will be removed from office. But with the President tweeting on a  regular basis, a daily basis, that the special counsel is conflicted,  that he is leading the so-called 12 angry Democrats, and demeaning and  ridiculing him in every way, I believe to be so sanguine about the  chances of him being fired is folly for us. We have already seen the  forced resignation of the Attorney General the day after the election.  It is clear, therefore, that something has to be done to protect Mr.  Mueller's investigation.    Let me just say it wasn't just that the Attorney General was fired;  it is that the investigation--or oversight for the investigation--was  taken from the Deputy Attorney General, where it properly belonged and  where it was before. It was taken from him and given to somebody who is  in an acting capacity--somebody who has not been confirmed by the  Senate. Should we in the Senate be OK with that? I would argue no, we  can't be.   That is why a few weeks ago my colleague from New Jersey and my  colleague from Delaware came to the Senate floor to ask unanimous  consent to bring this bill to the floor. After our efforts were blocked  by an objection, we promised to come to the floor again and again, and  that is why we are here today. We will continue to do so until this  vital investigation is completed.   So I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 393, S. 2644; I further ask that the  committee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as  amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and that the  motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.   