 Mr. Speaker, I want to start by thanking the  gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Huizenga). He has worked on this bill for  some time, and I appreciate his commitment to the issue of access to  mortgage credit. His background is such that he understands this issue,  being in the real estate business and the retail development business.  So this is something he is passionate about and really has an in-depth  knowledge of.   I know Mr. Huizenga has seen in Michigan what I have seen in Missouri  and around the Nation: the regulatory regime governing the mortgage  market is growing overly complex and becoming, as a result,  inaccessible for far too many borrowers.   In a Financial Institutions Subcommittee hearing held earlier this  year, we had a situation where a credit union executive came in and had  a huge file about 3-inches thick. I asked him: Can you tell me how many  pages are in that file? He said: Congressman, we no longer measure by  the page; we measure by the pound. That is how out of whack our system  has become with regard to trying to make home mortgage loans.   These regulatory burdens associated with making home loans have  forced many institutions completely out of the market altogether. I  have a number of banks in my area that no longer make home loans  because of these overly burdensome rules and regulations and costs that  have to be passed onto the consumers.   The CFPB's qualified mortgage rule has had particular success in  limiting access to mortgage credit for many consumers who may otherwise  be deemed to be qualified borrowers. The Mortgage Choice Act seeks to  change some of this by increasing competition in the mortgage and title  insurance markets. This bipartisan legislation does so by clarifying  and recalibrating the points and fees limitations included in the Dodd- Frank qualified mortgage framework.   The current situation doesn't make sense, Mr. Speaker. If a consumer  chooses an unaffiliated title insurance provider, the transaction  doesn't count towards points and fees. But if that consumer chooses to  work with an affiliated provider, it does.   Despite what you may hear, this arbitrary stipulation in the points  and fees definition doesn't protect consumers. It punishes them by  limiting and, in some cases, eliminating mortgage and housing options,  pushing more and more loans farther and farther away from QM status.  Like too many of the rules handed out by the CFPB, it is the consumer  that loses.   Simply put, the goal of H.R. 1153 is to help low-and middle-income  borrowers as well as prospective first-time buyers realize the American  Dream: owning their own home.   I thank the gentleman from Michigan for his leadership on this issue.  I urge strong support for the legislation.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance  of my time.   