 Mr. President, I appreciate the deference of my colleague  from Hawaii. I also echo the comments about friendship with our junior  Senator from Alaska. This is a matter that is of deep importance to  Virginia, and I rise to talk about why we are here on a Sunday in  January, the second day of the shutdown of the Federal Government. When  I conclude my speech, I will seek unanimous consent for the reopening  of the government for 3 days as we find a path forward.   We are in shutdown mode because the Republican majority did not  prioritize completing a budget during the first year of the Trump  administration. As the party in control of the White House, the Senate,  and the House, they have a calendar set forth in law that we are  supposed to follow. The President is supposed to present a budget to  Congress in February. He didn't. The Houses are supposed to pass  budgets in their committees in the spring. They didn't. The authorizing  committees are supposed to write bills. Many of them did, but because  they didn't have budget numbers to write them to, they were sort of of  marginal effect. The appropriations committees are supposed to have  funding bills ready and passed to start the fiscal year on October 1.  The President was supposed to present a budget, and he didn't. The  budget committees, controlled by Republicans, are supposed to pass a  budget, and they didn't. The appropriations committees are supposed to  have bills that are ready to be in effect on October 1, the fiscal  year, and they didn't. Now, that is not unique to this particular  Congress, but it explains why we are here.   Why was there a decision to violate the statutory calendar and not,  frankly, even get to a serious consideration of the budget until  January, the fourth month of the fiscal year? Well, it is because the  majority decided that the priority of the budget was a low priority.  Instead of working on the budget and appropriations bills, what the  majority wanted to work on for the first 9 months of the year was the  ineffective and ultimately failed effort to repeal the Affordable Care  Act. That took us into late September, essentially a week before the  start of the fiscal year. The repeal of the Affordable Care Act was  more important, was a higher priority than getting a budget done to  fund governmental services.    When that effort was done, did the majority then race to do a budget  and do appropriations? No. They then took the next 3 months--now into  the new fiscal year with no budget--to do tax cuts and eventually  before December were able to pass a tax cut bill.   Finally, the majority turned to this issue of the budget and the  urgency of the budget in January, the fourth month of the fiscal year,  and they are using a gimmick--again, that both parties have used, a  continuing resolution--to evade the responsibility of actually doing a  budget.   Republicans, when they were focusing on other things and they didn't  want to focus on the budget--because it was about tax cuts and  repealing the Affordable Care Act--said: We can't do it by October 1;  give us until December 8. Then they said: Give us until December 22.  Then they said: Give us until January 19. The Democratic minority  reluctantly agreed, but it was the Republicans who said: We want to  push this budget back, back, back, back, back.   Nearly 2 weeks ago, there was a very important meeting that, frankly,  has not occurred in my time in the Senate. It was a request by our  Secretary of Defense, Secretary James Mattis, to come and speak to the  caucus lunches. I have been here since January of 2013; that has not  happened before. He came--I believe it was on the 8th of January, a  Tuesday--to speak to both the Democratic and Republican caucuses. I  know what he told us, and because I know the honor of Secretary Mattis,  I am sure he said the same thing to the Republicans. He said: Don't  give me another continuing resolution. He told us, as he has repeatedly  testified and as others have testified, that continuing resolutions are  destroying the military, they are destroying our readiness, and they  are destroying our capacity to meet the threats of today. He said:  Don't continue this continuing resolution mania. Give me a full-year  budget. Give me a full-year budget.   So when the Republican majority proposed yet another continuing  resolution until February 19, with no commitment about actually finding  a budget deal, many of us--both Democrats and Republicans--said that we  would no longer support the continuing resolution gimmick and that we  wanted to move expeditiously toward a full budget deal.  [[Page S407]]    I think this is very important because, again, this is President  Trump's Secretary of Defense saying: Do not give me a continuing  resolution; let's find a full budget deal.   As my colleague Senator McCain said in a written statement the other  night: A shutdown is bad and a continuing resolution is bad. We need to  move forward to find a full budget deal.   It was interesting that even as we were here on Thursday night and  the House was passing a continuing resolution to put it on the table  here, the Department of Defense--the Pentagon's chief spokesperson was  tweeting out: Stop. Don't do another continuing resolution. This is  wasteful. It is hurting the military. Work toward a full budget deal.   That is the position of the Department of Defense in the Trump  administration, that this CR is actually a bad thing.   That is why we are here--because we didn't heed the advice of the  Secretary of Defense; we delayed consideration of the budget until well  into the fiscal year.   And we are here for another reason. We are here because President  Trump announced in September that he is terminating legal protections  for hundreds of thousands of Dreamers. It was interesting that the  other night, the majority leader repeatedly called these Dreamers  illegal immigrants. They are not illegal. They are here protected by a  Presidential Executive order that has been upheld in courts. They are  legal. President Trump is threatening to take away their legal status  and make them illegal. But when the majority leader stands here and  calls Dreamers illegal immigrants, it really shows you the contempt  with which he holds these young people. To call people who have a legal  protection illegal immigrants, as he has done and as the President has  done, is deeply offensive.   The President's threat to end their legal status on March 5 creates a  huge hardship for them and is a matter of real urgency. When the House  passed the continuing resolution Thursday night, we asked the majority  for a vote. We said: Let's vote right now to defeat the continuing  resolution because the votes aren't here; even Republicans will vote  against it. The Pentagon was tweeting out, basically telling us the CR  was unacceptable. We asked for that vote Thursday night so we would  have the full day of Friday to find a compromise and keep the  government open, but the majority wouldn't let us vote Thursday night.  They wouldn't let us vote and then use Friday as a full day to find a  compromise to keep the government open. Instead, they postponed the  vote until 10 o'clock Friday, thinking that would pressure people, but  it failed, as we knew that it would.    When my Democratic colleagues stood on the floor twice and asked for  the short-term ability to keep the government open to keep negotiating,  the majority objected. So the government closed down as the majority  objected to those short-term agreements.   Why did the majority object to keeping us open over the weekend while  we debated? That is a question for them to answer, but I have a  surmise. My surmise is that they are OK with the shutdown.   I am only aware of two people who think shutdown is good. In  Virginia, we don't think it is good. Our military doesn't think it is  good. Our Federal employees don't think it is good. Those receiving  Social Security disability checks don't think it is good. Virginians  don't think it is a good thing. But I can find two people who think  shutdown is a good thing.   President Trump, in a tweet on May 2, 2017, basically said: Our  country needs a good shutdown in September to fix this mess. Well, he  didn't get exactly what he wanted. He didn't get a shutdown in  September. But can you imagine the mindset of somebody basically saying  that a shutdown is a good thing? This President--it is President Trump  who uniquely says--and he is the only person I know who has said it-- that a shutdown is a good thing. He actually tweeted out something  similar yesterday. He said: On my 1-year anniversary, the shutdown has  given me a ``nice anniversary present.'' That is what he tweeted out  yesterday. So we have President Trump on the record saying that a  shutdown is a good thing and that it is a nice present.   I have found one other person who has said a shutdown is a good  thing. I think it was on Friday, actually, that the Republican Director  of the Office of Management and Budget was on a radio show hosted by  Sean Hannity, and this is a direct quote from Mick Mulvaney, Director  of the Office of Management and Budget: ``In fact, I found out for the  first time last night that the person who technically shuts the  government down is me, which is kind of cool.''   ``The person who technically shuts the government down is me, which  is kind of cool.''   The reason we on this side are referring to this as the Trump  shutdown is because it is only President Trump who has said the  shutdown is good. It is only his Office of Management and Budget  Director who says it is cool to shut down the government. And when we  offered to our Republican colleagues to avert the shutdown Friday  night, they objected to it. They objected to it. So here we are.   We need to follow the advice of the Secretary of Defense and reopen  government and commit to finding not another continuing resolution but  a full budget deal--a full budget deal that deals with all of our  priorities, whether it be emergency relief in Texas or CHIP  reauthorization or education or defense financing. That is what  Secretary Mattis has asked us to do, and that is what we need to do. We  must also deal with the emergency created by President Trump with his  threat to take legal children and deprive them of their legal status on  March 5.   For that reason, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 36, which is H.R. 1301;  that the Schumer amendment that would provide for a continuing  resolution to fund the government through Tuesday, January 23, 2018,  which is at the desk, be the only amendment in order to the bill; that  there be 1 hour of debate equally divided between the two leaders; that  the amendment be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as amended,  be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    I do not modify my request. This is a vote that has been  noticed for later in the evening, and the colleagues who would be asked  to vote on it are not here. So I do not agree to modify my request.    That is correct. Had there not been objection, we would  have reopened the government.    It is, Senator. I believe Democrats asked for both a 1-day  and a 3-day extension to find a budget. That is true.    That is correct. I think the point the Senator has made  about locking up the amendment is important. The bill that came over  from the House, we should have been able to debate and potentially make  it better and acceptable to Members of both parties, knowing that those  votes were needed. But the majority leader decided to make it ``our way  or the highway'' and gave us no ability to offer amendments to improve  it.    That is correct.    They would not entertain either amendments, nor would they  entertain the 1- or 3-day extensions we sought to keep the government  open.    The Senator is correct. Again, I would remind the Senator  that had we voted down the continuing resolution Thursday, we would  have had an entire day Friday to find a bipartisan accord to keep the  government open. But the majority leader refused to allow us to do it.  He set the vote at the end of the day Friday to basically maximize the  chance there would be a shutdown.    I can't understand it, other than we are dealing with a  President who said he thought shutdown was good, and his chief budget  official thinks the shutdown is cool.    They actually would. My constituents in Virginia view the  gimmick use of a CR as essentially a slow-motion shutdown, and they are  asking us--Federal employees, troops, Secretary of Defense--let's  really do a budget and do it the right way.    That is true. The continuing resolution--they forced us to  wait until a 10 p.m. vote Friday night--did not include funding for  community health centers.    I thank the Senator.   