 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and Ranking Member  Pallone for his help on this bill.   The CONNECTIONS Act, as the chairman has stated, deals with state-run  prescription drug monitoring programs which are widely recognized as an  important tool in fighting the opioid epidemic. These programs enable  providers to better identify patients who may be at risk for abuse of  opioid prescriptions. This is a critical first step in preventing abuse  by those who may be vulnerable.   The bill will improve Federal support for state-run prescription drug  monitoring programs to empower those States to successfully implement  improvements and build off of their existing programs.   Now, the legislation facilitates more widespread use by the  providers. So what we are trying to do is, right now we have 49 of 50  States that have PDMPs or prescription drug monitoring programs. They  all are trying to talk to each other.   And particularly, when you have a district like mine, which kind of  forms a sort of a triangle in the southwest corner of Virginia, you can  get to West Virginia, Kentucky, North Carolina, and Tennessee all  within a single day, without any problem. And if you are a physician in  those areas, you need to know if your patient may have driven a few  miles across the line in an attempt to get more prescription drugs than  maybe they ought to be taking.   So what the PDMPs are supposed to do is to let the physician know  what is going on. But if our State prescription drug monitoring  programs don't have the ability to talk to one another or interact  efficiently, that creates a delay or a dilemma for the physician who is  trying to do the right thing and monitor what is going on and see about  those who may be vulnerable or about to step into an arena that they  really don't want to get into, but they are suffering pain and they  think this is the way to go. We want to stop that. We want to help the  physicians.   What this bill does is it allows the physicians and allows the PDMPs  run by the States to have more interactivity between the two or between  the three or four or five, as the case may be, as it would be in my  district.   So the PDMPs are especially valuable for districts like mine, as we  have discussed; and the pharmacies and doctors in other States who are  just a stone's throw away who can come back in and check to see what is  going on. This legislation will give these States that ability. It is a  good, bipartisan bill, and I do appreciate Ranking Member Pallone for  working on this with me in a bipartisan fashion.   I also appreciate greatly the leadership of our chairman, Chairman  Walden, for making this a major issue and allowing us to put forward so  many bills, both this week and next, that deal with this very serious  concern; and this is one step in the right direction to making sure  that we try to ensure that folks don't go down the path of abuse.   