 Mr. Speaker, this is an exciting, important debate. I  rise today to speak in support of H.R. 4263, the Regulation A+  Improvement Act.   Congressman MacArthur's bipartisan legislation would increase the  offering amount that companies can offer  [[Page H1637]]  under Tier 2 of Reg. A from $50 million to $75 million, adjusted for  inflation by the SEC every 2 years.   This type of legislation, modeled after the bipartisan JOBS Act,  typically enjoys strong bipartisan support in Congress. I hope that  will be the case again today.   Title IV of the JOBS Act directed the SEC to issue rules to update  Reg. A, which exempts small offerings of up to $5 million within a 12- month period from Federal registration. The updated exemption, now  known as Reg. A+, increased the amount companies could offer from $5  million to $50 million within a 12-month period of time, and preempts  State registration and qualification requirements to make it easier for  small- and medium-sized businesses to undertake Reg. A+ offerings by  avoiding the oftentimes prohibitively expensive complexities of  complying with up to 50 State regulators, all providing different  regulations.   Some opponents of this legislation have argued that it is unnecessary  because the SEC is required to review this threshold and has the  authority to increase it.   On April 5, 2016, SEC staff informed the Financial Services Committee  that the $50 million threshold would remain in place throughout 2018  because of a lack of information available on Reg. A+ offerings since  the rule was finalized in 2015.   However, during the comment period for implementing Reg. A+, the SEC  received a significant number of comments that Reg. A+ should be  expanded beyond the $50 million threshold. Furthermore, since the  amendment to Reg. A became effective, the rate of Reg. A+ securities  offerings has increased.   Last year, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce testified before the Capital  Markets, Securities, and Investments Subcommittee, noting this  legislation ``is a way to help make it easier for a small business to  access capital to get deals done. To do that, even with the bump up to  $50 million, people are still finding their sea legs. But in terms of  driving liquidity, we thought the $75 million number was important.''   Former SEC Commissioner Dan Gallagher has stated: ``The SEC should  have exercised our clear authority under the JOBS Act to raise the  offering limit to $75 million.''   Hester Peirce, now an SEC Commissioner, testified during a hearing of  the Financial Services Committee that, ``Prior to the JOBS Act's  changes to Regulation A, that provision languished unused by companies,  so it is important to revisit different avenues for raising capital  frequently to ensure their continued usefulness.''   Congressman MacArthur's legislation will help ensure that the SEC  focuses on its mission of capital formation, especially for small  businesses. This is vital if we are going to continue on the course of  economic growth.   And at the end of the day, after all of our debate on the merits of  this legislation, let's make sure we remember it is simply an inflation  adjustment for the amount of shares that can be issued under this  exemption. Congressman MacArthur is simply proposing to make this  financing tool available to more startup companies and their investors.  This should not be controversial.   I urge support for Congressman MacArthur's bipartisan legislation.   