 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his kind  remarks. I remember the first time we met. It was across the street,  and I approached him about wanting to serve on his committee. Little  did I know that I was headed back to graduate school. He gave me a  binder about 6 inches thick and said: Go study it. I had to look up all  the acronyms, about 100 of them, and memorize those to get started.   Mr. Speaker, Chairman Hensarling's leadership and the quality of  person he is, he got out in front. He enabled us to become leaders, he  enabled us to learn, to give focus, direction on important issues  relative to the security of this country, relative to the economic  freedoms of this country, and for that, I have the deepest sense of  gratitude and respect that he empowered us as he led us.   That is a great testament and a legacy I think that he will carry  throughout this United States Congress, and the model that he has been  for each of us as we have watched, not just his work ethic, but his  character and who he is and how that translated into the public policy  for the good of the American people.   So, Mr. Speaker, let me say in my deepest heart my appreciation and  my love for him and his sweet wife and his wonderful kids. What a  tribute it was to be there with him yesterday when they unveiled the  painting that will go in the Financial Services room, to the accolades  of the Vice President and Senator Phil Gramm and so many others who  were there to pay tribute to a great leader for our country. So I thank  the chairman.   And as Chairman Hensarling spoke to the issues relative to FIRRMA,  yes, we have great challenges from nation states who seek to exploit  our laws, who have sought to secure proprietary technology for their  own interests and objectives, and particularly, as Chairman Hensarling  mentioned, China.   China, since 2015, has acquired 50 technology companies,  semiconductor companies, many of them a part of our Department of  Defense. These are critical companies for our own national security.  They have been able to circumvent our laws through joint ventures,  through minority partnerships to be able to obtain this technology.   In fact, on one occasion, Chairman Hensarling and I were coming back  from Asia, and we stopped in Anchorage and we visited our base there,  and they showed us the Stealth F-22. And as the general was showing the  incredible aspects of this remarkable plane, the greatest aircraft we  have, he said: By the way, the technology of this plane, the engine was  sold to China by GE.   Companies have been forced, extorted in a sense, to gain access to  Chinese markets. This is wrong. It is morally wrong. It is ethically  wrong. It is wrong for our national security.   The FIRRMA bill, which Chairman Hensarling recognized and helped  pass, it wouldn't have happened without his total commitment and  leadership. So this country is more secure today because of what passed  regarding the FIRRMA bill.   The rules will be written over the next year or so. We trust that all  that was done will come out and close off these loopholes that have  allowed foreign entities to exploit our Nation's national security.   So this bill and our interests are even more secure as a result of  the jobs bill that the chairman has advanced for us today. It does  continue to ensure the security against predatory Chinese investments  by modernizing our securities laws to reclaim the U.S. IPO market, all  of this as China lays out its blueprint for dominance in the tech  industry.   This package would also cut down on the regulations that burden our  small business community. This is key to continuing the innovation and  economic growth we are seeking today.    This tax relief and jobs package would continue the innovation and  economic growth and would allow investors to have legal certainty by  allowing them to interact with entrepreneurs without fear of securities  violation.   Furthermore, the cost of initial compliance for an IPO filing now  exceeds over $2 million. This hinders small businesses that are ready  to go public but can't afford these regulatory costs.   So, Mr. Speaker, I commend this bill. JOBS 3.0 would lengthen ``on- ramp'' exceptions for IPO compliance, helping small business owners  navigate one of the most expensive aspects of securities law.   It also allows companies to test the waters before going public to  help give them time for their IPO to have a better chance of success.   These provisions are vital to encourage business growth and to  reassure the small business community. I strongly encourage the Senate,  therefore, to pass this bill.   So, yes, Mr. Speaker, what Chairman Hensarling has done through this  legislation has helped give greater financial empowerment and liberty  and freedom to the American people, that is what it is all about today,  is freedom. So my gratitude to him for the leadership that he has given  us.   Mr. Speaker, I also want to say a word of thanks to some other folks  who I have probably this last moment to address in this Chamber. As  Jesse Helms used to say, a wonderful man from North Carolina: That  turtle didn't get up on the fence post by himself. And that is true, I  think, for each of us in this Chamber, but I know it is true for this  Member of Congress.   What I have been able to do, by the grace of God and through the  enablement and empowerment of my chairman and others, will hopefully  last, but it happened because of people along the way who stood with  me, who supported my efforts.   Of course, I start with my family. I have the most wonderful family  in the world. I have ten grandkids I get to go home to, 10 years and  younger. I am Pitto to them, and that is all the world to me, and we  have a fun time chasing around.   But my team, my staff, enabled me to serve the Ninth Congressional  District of North Carolina, those people that I love, those eight  counties out  [[Page H9734]]  there that I am endeared to, but the people who really helped them were  the folks back home in my district, in my office. I speak specifically  of Linda Ferster, Chris Sullivan, Jamie Bowers, Graham Long, Robert  Becker. They were with me from day one. They stood with me the whole 6  years. Nobody flinched, nobody went anywhere. That team was so  incredible.   Robert Becker is one of the greatest leaders we have in North  Carolina for our veterans. He gets calls from all over the State and he  says: What do I do to help this veteran?   Linda Ferster has been working these issues in the bureaucracy for 18  years.   These are great, faithful people who have stood up for my  constituents in my district, and all the good that happened in that  district was because of them. And I just gave them a door to say: Go  through it and you go serve. And they served like they were  missionaries. They love those people. Every day they wake up thinking,  who can I help today? You know, whose life can I change in a positive  way today? And that is the nature of the service that my team provided,  the same type of leadership that I had up here in Washington.   My role in FIRRMA just didn't happen by myself. There are many people  on my team up here that supported that effort. Clark Fonda was a great  leader for me in that. There are other people outside Congress. Heath  Tarbert, the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, a remarkable  individual who served this country so well over such a key part of what  we did in this national security bill on FIRRMA.   So my heart is just filled with gratitude for the privilege of  serving the good folks in the Ninth District of North Carolina; my  gratitude for the body in this Chamber; my gratitude for being able to  serve on the Financial Services Committee under the leadership of  Chairman Hensarling. It couldn't be greater. I couldn't be more  fulfilled in the 6 years that I had here. I will always treasure and  remember this time.   So, Mr. Speaker, I thank you, I thank Chairman Hensarling. He is an  absolute important friend for me, and I hope we can continue to work  together for many years to come. God bless you.   