 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, first, I want to talk about our growing  economy. I listened to my colleague's comments, the Senator from  Wyoming, about the importance of the tax legislation. I couldn't agree  with him more. I think it is stimulating not just economic growth but  higher wages and more jobs. I also want to talk about the need for us  to connect to those jobs the Americans who are not currently employed.  Then I want to talk about some very shocking, new information we have  about why people are outside of the workforce.   We just had a good jobs report from April. It showed a steadily  growing economy. It showed unemployment at 3.9 percent. That is the  official number, but that is the lowest the official number has been  since the year 2000.   In my home State of Ohio, there was a recent survey done by PNC  Bank--it has been doing this for 9 years--that asked small- and mid- sized companies: What is your level of optimism about the future? They  said their business optimism has been at record levels for the past 9  years. So there is something going on that is very good in the economy.   If you talk to the small business community, the National Federation  of Independent Business survey shows the same thing, not just optimism  but also a sense that companies are getting ready to invest even more.  So there are some good things going on in our economy.   This week, the Ohio Chamber of Commerce issued its own report, and it  shows something interesting, which is that three out of four businesses  in Ohio are saying they want to add people--three out of four. More  than half of them said they want to add more than 25 people. I was just  home and had a lot of interaction with small business people over the  last week. I can't go to a business in Ohio where I don't hear people  talking about the need for a qualified workforce. They tell me, yes,  the tax bill is helping--no question about it. It is helping middle- class families throughout my State. Ninety percent of Americans are  getting paychecks that read Uncle Sam is going to withhold less money-- on average, $2,000 for a median-income family in Ohio just from the tax  cuts this year alone.   Again, small businesses are investing more. Companies are doing  everything from investing in people, with bonuses and higher pay and  better 401(k) matches, to investing in equipment and technology and,  therefore, in the productivity of those workers, which will lead to  better economic performance. So those things are happening.   On the regulatory front, I also think that much of what we have done  in Congress is beginning to help. This includes 16 different times when  Congress has said we shouldn't have this new regulation that was put on  by the Obama administration at the end of his term. Rather, we ought to  free up the economy more--over $60 billion, by the way, of relief to  our economy. That is helping.   I think it is also very helpful, as Senator Barrasso said, that with  regard to the administration, there is a new attitude, which is, yes,  we need rules and regulations, and let's make sure they make sense, and  let's make sure we partner with businesses and try to help them comply  with those rules and regulations rather than have an attitude of  saying: Let's try to find out how we can punish businesses for not  complying. I think that difference alone may be even larger than what  we have done in Congress, in terms of passing this legislation to  eliminate regulations, because that attitude change has helped,  particularly, small businesses in my State feel like, OK, they have an  opportunity now to be able to take a risk--to take a chance--to invest  in work. They are not thinking the Federal Government is out there to  get them.   I see that, and I am really happy to see it because it is not, again,  just about growing the economy. Over the past few months, if you have  looked at the numbers, for the first time in really a decade and a  half, we have seen wages starting to go up in my home State and around  the country. That is what we should all want.   Let me talk about something that concerns me greatly about the  direction in which we are going--again, positive. The economy is  picking up. Things are going well. Workers whom I talk to are happy  with the tax bill because it is helping them both directly with their  families and through the benefits they are getting at work. Yet what I  am hearing is, the workforce is really the challenge. When you look at  that, you come up with a shocking situation, in which the reason there  aren't people showing up for work is, we have a record number of men  and probably close to a record number of men and women--you would  probably have to go back to the 1970s to find these kinds of numbers-- who are out of the workforce altogether.   Now, what does that mean?   This means they are not working, and they are not looking for work so  they are not showing up in the unemployment numbers. The number of 3.9  percent--again, the best since 2000--is all good news, but that is not  the real number. I say that with respect because the Bureau of Labor  Statistics does the best it can, but it can't include the people who  aren't trying to find work. Those people are outside of the workforce.  What the economists call this is a low labor force participation rate-- in other words, the low percentage of Americans who are even showing  up. That concerns me a lot because, one, obviously, it is hurting the  economy. You have this huge pool of workers out there. There are 8.5  million men between the ages of 25 and 55--able-bodied men--who are in  this category. They are unemployed, yes, but they are not even looking  for work so they are not showing up in these numbers. When you add  women and men together, it is millions of Americans. So we need them in  the economy now because it is important for these small businesses I am  talking to in Ohio who are looking for people.    Even more concerning to me is what is happening to these people and  to these families, because they are not getting the dignity and self- respect that comes from work. They are not able to achieve whatever  their goal is in life, their piece of the American dream. They are  missing out. They are on the sidelines.   The 3.9 percent unemployment rate, by the way, is not a real number.  Why do I say that? Because if you go back to the normal labor force  participation rate--we are talking about people actually working in our  workforce in more normal levels--the unemployment number would be far  higher. How high would it be? Go back to the year before the great  recession when we had a more traditional workforce participation rate.  With that labor force participation rate attached to today's economy,  the unemployment number would not be 3.9 percent. It would be 8.6  percent.   If we were to talk about an 8.6 percent unemployment rate, we would  all be very concerned; wouldn't we? We should be very concerned because  that is the real number. We need a more concerted effort to get all of  those Americans back to work for all the right reasons.   So who are they? It is a complicated question. No. 1, there are  people who don't have the skills that meet the needs out there. So  today, in Ohio, if you go on OhioMeansJobs, our website, you will see  140,000 jobs being offered, and yet there are 250,000 people out of  work. You will see that a number of these jobs require a certain level  of skill.   People are looking for welders. People are looking for technology  expertise, including coding. They are looking for people in the  biosciences or the healthcare professions, where you have to have a  certain level of skill. What workers are finding in Ohio is that if  [[Page S2572]]  they don't have those skills, it is hard to get those jobs. So there is  a skills gap--there is no question about it--and we should be  addressing that.   In Congress we have a great opportunity to do that through some  relatively commonsense legislation. One measure is called the JOBS  Act--a great name. The JOBS Act says quite simply that if you are able  to get a Pell grant for college, shouldn't you also be able to get a  Pell grant for a short-term training program? This is because what  employers will tell you is that they don't need a 2-year training  program or somebody with a 4-year college degree. What they need is  someone willing to go through a training program to get the ability to  learn how to weld or the ability to learn how to code or even to go  through a commercial driver's license program. All these programs can  be accomplished in less than 15 weeks, and you can get people to work.  But guess what. You can't get a Pell grant for a course that is less  than 15 weeks.   So our goal with the JOBS Act is very simple. Let's level the playing  field. Let's give an opportunity to those young people who may not  choose to go to college, at least now, but who understand that those  jobs are out there. We are talking about good-paying jobs, making  $40,000, $50,000, $60,000 a year. They are waiting out there right now.  These jobs are open. Let's give them the ability--because they are low- income families, and they can't afford these training programs--to take  advantage of Pell grants as they would if they chose to go to a 4-year  college or university or a 2-year college for a number of years.   Senator Kaine and I have introduced this legislation with a  bipartisan group. We think it is something we ought to do right away.  Who are these people? People with a skills gap. That is one specific  idea--just one of many that would get people the skills they need.   No. 2, there is something I would call the dependency trap. These are  people who are on a government dependency program and they are not  working. When they look at going to work they see two things. One, they  see a reduction in their benefits. That is pretty obvious. But second,  they see an increase in their taxes. Now the tax bill actually helps  here, because it actually reduces taxes for those at the bottom of the  economic ladder.   Specifically, I will state--because I asked the Joint Committee on  Taxation about this, and they gave me an official response--that 3  million Americans who currently have income tax liability based on last  year's Tax Code--in other words, the code that was changed at the end  of last year--no longer have any income tax liability. That is good  because it will help with this transition from welfare to work, because  although people may be losing those benefits, some people will not see  that cliff where they have a relatively high tax to pay. That is good,  but we could do more to assure that people who are willing to make that  step out of welfare and into work are not penalized by this tax cliff.  I think the dependency trap is also part of the issue for this  unprecedented level of people who are outside of the workforce  altogether, and we need to address it.   I think there should be more work requirement programs for able- bodied Americans who are on these dependency programs. I think that  would help partly to give them the work experience to get the dignity  and self-respect that comes with work as they step into welfare-to-work  transition. So that certainly is another issue. So it is the skills  training and the dependency trap.   Another issue that I think is very clearly out there is that we have  a lot of people in America who are getting out of prison or jail. Some  of them have a record that makes it hard for them to get a job. Let's  be honest. We have record numbers of people behind bars. It started in  the 1980s, when we wanted to lock people up for lots of good reasons  because of the violence or serious crimes they were committing. But 95  percent of the people in prison are someday going to get out of prison.  When they do get out, we need to provide a better transition for them  to get to work. Why? Because right now more than half of those people  are back in the system within a couple of years. That makes no sense  for anybody, particularly for those who are subject to the crimes that  might be committed and to the taxpayers who are paying $35,000,  $40,000, or $45,000 a year, when you include incarceration, the  prosecution, and the additional costs that are associated with that.   So should we do more there? Yes. There is legislation supporting  that. I think it is called the Fair Chance Act. It says that when  somebody applies for a job with the Federal Government, for example,  they have to be allowed to go through the process even though they may  have a felony record. Why? Because you want to give them a fair shake,  not just take the resume and put it in the circular file and toss it  because you see a felony record. We have to give some of those folks a  chance.   I was at a great program in Ohio last week. It is called the Flying  HIGH welding school and the GROW Urban Farm. Their job is to teach ex- offenders a skill. They teach people how to work. A lot of them have  not had a job before. Specifically, they teach them a welding skill  that is badly needed in Northeast Ohio right now.   Their placement record is unbelievable, and their recidivism rate is  so low. They are not only placing people into jobs, but they are  working with businesses in what is called a junior apprenticeship  program, where the workplace is actually working with the welding shop  to give people work experience.   They are keeping people from going back into the prison system. They  have a great record doing it. They got a loan and grant money from the  Federal Government, including the Department of Labor. It is a program  that is working very well to give people the ability to get a job and  to get out of the trap. In this case, a lot of them have felony  records, and they are able to take care of their families and be  productive citizens. There are very encouraging stories there.   There is the skills training, which we talked about, and the  dependency trap, which we talked about. For the people who are coming  out of prison at very high numbers now and who have this background, we  need to be sure that those people are getting engaged and getting into  work.   Let me tell you what I think is the No. 1 reason we have these  historic levels of people who are on the sidelines outside of work. It  will not surprise some of you because you are involved with this, like  my colleagues here in the Chamber, including the chairman of the  Governmental Affairs Committee, who has now arrived and has been very  involved in this. It is the opioid crisis.   The numbers are shocking of those people who are out of work  altogether. They are on the sidelines, not even trying to get into  work. They are people who would lead our unemployment numbers to be  really more like over 8.5 percent rather than 3.9 percent. They are  millions of Americans, over 8.5 million men between the ages of 25 and  55--able-bodied men. Of those people, based on two recent studies,  about half of them are taking pain medication on a daily basis. When  asked in one of the studies, it was found that two-thirds of them said  it was prescription medication.   What does that mean? That means that we have a huge problem in our  country of opioid addiction, and that is keeping people out of the  workforce altogether, tearing apart those families and causing crime in  our communities.   The No. 1 cause of crime in my State of Ohio is the opioid epidemic.  People are involved in things they would never dream of except for the  fact that they have this addiction. It is shoplifting, thievery, and  fraud. It is an issue that affects every part of our community. The  point I wish to make more strongly is that it is affecting our labor  market in a huge way.   One study by the Brookings Institution says that 47 percent of men  are taking pain medication on a daily basis. That is not being over- reported--I will guarantee that--because of the stigma attached and the  legal consequences for some of these individuals. So I think that 47  percent has to be viewed as a relatively low number. But isn't that  shocking if it were 47 percent?   Another study by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, in the Department of  Labor, stated that 44 percent had taken pain medication the previous  day.   Now these numbers should be a wake-up call for us here in this  Chamber, and  [[Page S2573]]  it should be a wake-up call to everybody, including the business  community. As I go around my State, I am seeing firsthand what the Ohio  Chamber of Commerce reported this week: Three out of four businesses  want to add workers. Half of them want to add up to 25 workers, and  they can't find workers. You have millions of people at historic levels  who are outside the workforce altogether, leading to an unemployment  number that should be 8.5 percent, instead of 3.9 percent.   How do you get them back in? I think those three things we talked  about today are important, but, unfortunately, given the opioid  epidemic in my State of Ohio and spreading around the country, I think  this is probably the single largest problem that we face.   What are the solutions?   We have made major strides in the past year in this Chamber. We  passed the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. We passed the  Cures legislation. We are now working on additional legislation called  Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act 2.0.   We are doing things we have never done before in terms of funding,  recovery, treatment, prevention, and education, and we need to do more.  We have begun the process of turning the tide, I believe, by some of  this legislation.   We need to do more on the law enforcement side. We have legislation  called the STOP Act, which simply says that with regard to the most  difficult problem we now face in Ohio and around the country, which is  synthetic opioids--think fentanyl or carfentanil--let's at least stop  the Post Office for being a conduit for its coming into the country,  because that is what is happening.    All the studies show--including the study we just did in our  committee, spending a year studying this--that fentanyl is coming  through the Postal Service--mostly from China, by the way--and  poisoning our communities.   In Ohio, two-thirds of our deaths in Franklin County last year were  from fentanyl. Sixty percent of the deaths in the State of Ohio as a  whole the year before were from fentanyl. That is the biggest problem  we have right now.   Just as we were making progress on prescription drugs, then, heroin  comes along. Just as we were making progress on heroin, then, synthetic  heroin comes along. It is cheap and incredibly powerful. Three flakes  can kill you. It is being spread on other drugs, such as cocaine,  crystal meth, and marijuana, which last week law enforcement in Ohio  just confirmed. Can we do more? This is a big issue, but, yes, we are  starting to take some steps.   Where we perhaps have an opportunity that we are not taking advantage  of is to get the private sector and the business community to get  involved in this effort, because Washington can and should do more, but  the problem is not going to be solved in Washington. It is going to be  solved at the local level, in our communities, in our families, and,  ultimately, in our hearts. We can get the business community more  engaged, as an example, by pointing out statistics: If you are looking  for more workers, you are going to have to deal with this issue.   Many workers are not able to pass the drug test. So that is something  the business community does understand. In fact, I just left a group of  employers from Ohio about an hour and a half ago in my office, and I  asked them the same question I asked of employers in our State: How  many people can pass the drug test who show up? The answer was that  about 30 percent can pass. Another said: 50 percent are not passing.  These are different kinds of businesses. The second is a more heavily  manufacturing business. So there are people with lower incomes or lower  wages and, therefore, lower income individuals. But the point is that  it is a huge problem passing the drug test.   What I say to them, which is what I will say today, is that it is  bigger than that. There are millions of Americans not even showing up  to take the drug test. They are sidelined, and we have to deal with  this opioid epidemic.   So what should the business community do?   I have three ideas. One idea is to roll up your sleeves and get  involved in your community on projects that do work. There is one in  Columbus, OH, called the Maryhaven Addiction Stabilization Center. The  business community got engaged. They took $1 million from the CARA Act.  They leveraged that for foundation money. They have a place where they  have a great success rate getting people from overdosing and the  application of this miracle drug Narcan, which can reverse the effects  of the overdose, and then go into treatment. Unfortunately, in most  parts of the country, of the people who are revived by Narcan, the vast  majority go back into the same environment. Here they have been able to  figure out a way to have those who are overdosing get to a central  location where, right there, where the detox center is, there is a door  you walk through with 50 beds to get people into treatment. They claim  an 80-to-90-percent success rate in getting people into treatment. Do  they stay in treatment? Not all of them.   But that is the first big gap I see in the system. People fall out of  the system. Narcan is applied by the first responders. They do the best  they can, but it is not their job to get them into treatment. People go  back to their community and overdose again and again. Talk to your EMS  personnel and police officers. I assume they will tell you the same  thing they tell me.   The business community was involved in that thinking. Let's look at  this as a business process. How can we help to change this obvious  problem we have in the current way that people who overdose are treated  and taken care of? Every business ought to roll up its sleeves and get  involved in a creative, innovative project like that.    Second, over the years, back in the 1980s and into the 1990s, there  was significant private sector participation in a prevention and  education program. Now, locally in my State of Ohio, some businesses  are starting to think about how they can do this more effectively, I  believe, nationwide. Columbus is coming up with some very good ideas.   We need significant investment from the private sector in a national  messaging program, a prevention and education program. Back then, it  was TV ads. You may remember the ``Just Say No'' program and other  programs on prevention under President Reagan. Some of those ads were  very effective. Some of you may remember the ad ``This is your brain.  This is your brain on drugs,'' with fried eggs being cooked in a pan,  which is your brain on drugs. It is not going to be TV ads today. There  will be some TV. I hope it will be broadcast media in various ways. But  there will be a lot of online communication because that is where most  people are getting their information, particularly younger people. It  should be a concerted effort that is based on good research, good  science.   What is the prevention message that works out there? Part of the  prevention message that works with some young people I talked to is the  fact that all these street drugs are subject to the possibility of  fentanyl being included in them. Some people are taking drugs they  would never think were dangerous and yet becoming addicted through  fentanyl. So there is now a danger out there, with any street drug, of  ruining your life.   But there is a broader prevention message that we need private sector  help. This place, again, has authorized more money for this. There is  $10 million in CARA 2.0 for a prevention and education program. That is  good, but it is going to take more than that. The business community  and the private sector have a strong interest in this for so many  reasons. One, as we have talked about today, is to have the workforce  they say they desperately need.   There are other opportunities for the business community to get  involved. Walgreens recently took a step that I thought was very  important to limit the number of days on prescription drugs. Every  single business that has a healthcare program has an opportunity to be  involved in this and say: Let's limit prescriptions. Probably 8 out of  10 people who overdose from heroin or fentanyl today started with  prescription drugs in terms of the opioid that got them started with  their opioid addiction. There still is overprescribing with regard to  prescription drugs. Have we made some progress? Yes.   Our new legislation, by the way, CARA 2.0, has a 3-day limit on  prescription drugs for acute pain--not chronic pain but acute pain from  an accident, an injury, or a procedure that  [[Page S2574]]  you might have. We have that in there because the Centers for Disease  Control has new guidance out that shows that after the third day, the  chances of addiction rise significantly. For the vast majority of pain  associated with acute procedures, 3 days is plenty. In fact, for many  acute episodes, no opioids at all are needed as long as you use other  pain medication.   That is something every business that provides healthcare can do.  Every business that has a pharmacy can say: Let's limit those  prescriptions ourselves. They don't need a government program to do  that. There doesn't need to be a government edict or mandate to do  that. They can just do it.   I know this issue of the workforce is frustrating to a lot of  employers out there. I know that the benefits of a great tax bill are  creating more economic opportunities. A better regulatory environment  is providing real relief and is growing the economy in such positive  ways. Wages are starting to go up. We see economic growth numbers that  are very encouraging, showing that, in fact, this legislation is  creating more economic growth and therefore more revenue, higher  wages--the things we all hoped would happen. The investment is  happening. We are not going to be able to take advantage of all of that  if we don't have the workforce out there.   When we have millions of Americans--8.5 million men between 25 and  55, able-bodied, as an example--who are on the sidelines, not even  showing up to look for work, we are not going to be able to fulfill our  potential in this country for our economy and for them and for their  families to achieve their God-given purpose in life, to have the  dignity and self-respect that come from work.   We listed four very specific issues today, how we need to address  this issue of people who are sidelined, who are not in the workforce,  but the one that I think probably has the most impact is the final one,  and that is dealing with this opioid crisis. Unless and until we do  that, we will continue to see people fall between the cracks, and we  will see ourselves as a country not meet our potential.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   