 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6742, the  Secure Border Communications Act. Every single day the brave law  enforcement officers of the United States Customs and Border Protection  put themselves in harm's way in order to secure our borders and ports  of entry. This bill will strengthen interagency border security  communication and communication within U.S. Customs and Border  Protection by improving communication technologies for all CBP officers  and agents.   When agents or officers are in the field, secure communications with  other CBP personnel and law enforcement agencies is imperative to  mission success and officer safety. Currently, communication devices  and radios used by officers and agents are outdated and hinder  interagency communication. I never want there to be a circumstance  where a CBP officer or agent is operating in a remote area along our  border and is not able to call for backup or whose location is  intercepted by the cartels due to defective devices. We must not accept  that as a possibility; we must ensure that our agents and officers are  fully equipped with the proper technology.   H.R. 6742 will require the Department of Homeland Security to ensure  that CBP personnel are equipped with secure radios or other two-way  communication devices. These devices will allow officers and agents to  communicate between ports of entry and inspection stations, and with  other law enforcement entities operating in the same area of  responsibility.   I want to thank my friend and colleague, Chairman McCaul, for his  cosponsorship and leadership on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, we  are in the midst of a war on terror and continue to be the target of  radicals who want to do our country harm. Ensuring our law enforcement  officers operating along the borders and at our ports of entry are  fully equipped is essential to national security. Beyond the threat of  terrorism, securing our border is vitally important to preventing drug  and human trafficking. Improving communication is a critical component  of this mission. Mr. Speaker, let's take some decisive action to secure  our border. Let's pass this bill.   