 Mr. Speaker, I was in small business for 21 years. My  wife and I were small-business owners and operators and had to meet a  bottom line and pay the bills and all. I know our Speaker was in the  accounting world. To me, this is basic accounting and a small business  sort of set of principles.   You have money there that can't be spent because it is no longer  authorized to be spent. Much of it is being just accumulated. And then  somebody comes  [[Page H4877]]  in the backdoor and maybe tries to grab a little here and there and  spend it on things it is not authorized for or whatever.   But the long and the short of it is that I can speak specifically to  the Children's Health Insurance Program, because I have been a big  advocate for it. I have voted for it every time it has been up.   As chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, I led the effort to  not only fully fund children's health insurance for 5 years, but then  we were able to do it for 6 years. And, at the end, the package that  was sent down to President Trump that he signed into law fully funded  children's health insurance for 10 years. That is double the length of  time that had ever been done before.   In my own State, that is 122,700 children and moms who are going to  get coverage for health insurance. There is now certainty in this  program, more than in its entire history--double the certainty.   So that resulted in some funds that were left behind that have been  used when we get up against these cliffs and States maybe had  overpayments here or there. They needed all this sort of emergency  funding, and then there were some other programs, none of which is  needed now because we brought certainty to the Children's Health  Insurance Program, the longest extension in its history--10 years.   So the authority to use some of these funds expired last year. The  authority expired last year. You can't spend it. The remainder of these  funds simply aren't necessary, and they sit unused in a contingency  fund that has an ample balance.    There has been a question about would this affect enrollment, would  this affect beneficiaries. We asked the nonpartisan Congressional  Budget Office that question, and they said, ``CBO estimates that  rescinding the unobligated balances would reduce the budget authority  by $7 billion but would not affect outlays or the number of individuals  with insurance coverage.''   They also say that it does not affect what happens with the States.  That is because we did our work. We did our work. Republicans led on  this issue time and again. And it is now law. So the Children's Health  Insurance Program is fully funded, and kids will have access to  insurance and other coverage that extends 10 years.   So what we are doing here is taking surplus money that can't be spent  on these programs anymore and is not authorized to be spent on these  programs anymore and applying it toward deficit reduction. The lifeline  remains strong under this rescissions program. This is just good  business practices, and I think it is really important to do.   By the way, the other Republican proposals we have passed in this  House have resulted in one of the strongest economies in modern history  and 1 million new jobs since the tax cuts took effect.   Mr. Speaker, this is a good process. This is fiscally responsible. I  urge passage.   