 Mr. Speaker, when many of us were growing up learning how  to use our first spare dollars or our first credit card, our parents  and teachers always told us, ``Budget your money and don't spend more  than you have.''   This is a simple, commonsense life lesson we are all taught at some  time or another when we are growing up. It is a reality for any  individual who wants to have a sustainable future. It is unfortunate,  however, that the same rules do not apply for Congress, our Nation's  largest and most important spender.    The United States currently faces $20 trillion in debt, which will  lead us to a fiscal crisis if unabated. Year after year, our mandatory  spending levels increase, leaving little room for our defense,  education, and other spending priorities.   If we continue down this path, it is estimated that by 2040, spending  for mandatory programs will make up 81 percent of our annual budget.  This trajectory of runaway mandatory spending is skyrocketing our  national debt.   It is evident that this Congress has not taken the necessary steps to  balance the Federal budget.   It is time that this Congress make the tough decisions necessary to  reduce the national debt and practice restrained spending.   Representative Goodlatte's balanced budget amendment would require  the President to submit an annual balanced budget to Congress and  mandate that Congress cannot spend more money than it receives in  revenue.   The next steps we take to change our Federal spending behavior will  impact future generations of this country. We owe it to our children  and grandchildren, those who will inherit this great Nation, to address  our national debt.   I remain committed to reining in Federal spending and ensuring  Americans' tax dollars are spent wisely, and I am proud to be a  cosponsor of Representative Goodlatte's balanced budget amendment.   Let's pass this commonsense measure and finally prioritize fiscal  responsibility, and make smarter, more responsible Federal spending  choices for the people of this Nation.   