 Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word.    Mr. Chairman, earlier in this debate, we thanked  all the members of the staff who made this great bill a reality through  their good efforts: the professional staff, associate staff, and all  those who work in our personal offices. Again, I would like to do that  on all of our behalf.   Mr. Chairman, I especially thank Chairwoman Granger and Ranking  Member Visclosky for their leadership, and the involvement of all those  on the floor in the production of this bill. But, at this time, I would  like to offer special recognition to one in particular: the late  Stephen Sepp, the Appropriations Committee's resident budget expert.   Sepp, as he was known by all, died earlier this month, but he left  his mark on this bill and on our committee. His funeral was held today  at St. Peter's Catholic Church, in Olney, Maryland, and attended by  hundreds of Members and his friends from Capitol Hill and the  appropriations family.   Among many things, Sepp was the caretaker of the all-important 302(b)  sub-allocations. Through his careful work from his desk in the Capitol,  upstairs here, and from home, in the final months of his illness, he  ensured that the Congress provided adequate funding--may I say well  over $1 trillion--not just for the Department of Defense, but for all  12 Appropriations bills.   This, of course, required a deep understanding of the policy and  budgetary needs of each and every aspect of these bills, and a base of  knowledge and situational awareness of all the various political  factors at play. He expertly maneuvered this huge responsibility with  skill, savvy, and an immense amount of poise.   Sepp embodied strength, facing both professional and personal  challenges equally with grace and fortitude. In short, he made a  difference in the lives of all he touched--literally millions--as well  as the lives of Americans in every part of the country.   We extend our love to his wife, Diem; his two children; and family.  We will always remember him.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   