 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Hill for doing this Special  Order.   Mr. Speaker, I am going to give you, actually, a slightly different  recollection, because I am one of those who, over the years, since  almost 1982, had time around John McCain.   I want to start with the fact that I have had the pleasure of having  John McCain step in when I was running for office and endorse me and  help me and do things. And I have had the pleasure of having John  McCain step into one of my races to oppose me and work against me.   It was always a really interesting experience, because one of the  reasons I have never held hostility, and, actually, always really  appreciated him, it is something that rarely happens around this body.  Someone fusses at you and a couple of hours later calls you and says:  Hey, I thought about that. We need to talk it through. I think there is  a way we can fix it. Hey, I didn't mean that.   To have a U.S. Senator sometimes being frustrated with what you were  doing, and then a couple of hours later call you and say: Hey, I am  sorry. I was probably a little aggressive on that. I understand. Have  you thought about doing it this way?   This place never says sorry. This place never sort of has that type  of passion. And you heard over and over in the memorials in Phoenix and  here at the Capitol discussions of people who were very close with  Senator McCain, this sort of discussion of how human he was, how  passionate he was.   I want to make the argument of someone who knew Senator McCain most  of his life and interacted with him in and out throughout that life. It  is that humanity, that ability to at one moment put a finger in my  chest and fuss at me, and an hour later call me and say: David, how can  I help you? I want to help you get something done. Can I help you get  this done if you do it this way?   That humanity, that passion, is something that desperately is missing  around here. We have all become so careful in everything we say and  everything we do, because there is always the next moment we are going  to get beaten up by someone out in the community, or the press, or  those things.   Imagine this body if we all were like Senator McCain, where you just  sort of let your passion fly. If you went a little too far, you said  you were sorry. If it was something worth fighting for, you stood up  and you engaged in it. And then, a few minutes later, you went out and  had a hamburger with the very people you were debating.   Some of that is really missing around here, because we are so far in  our camps. I am not sure the public completely understands the power,  whether it be on the Democratic side or the Republican side, of when  the cameras go off, when the reporters aren't around, when we are  walking through the hallways, when we are in the elevator. There is  this great humanity around here.   I think that humanity was exemplified by my former senior Senator,  John McCain.   