 Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for all of  his hard on H.R. 4.   Mr. Chair, I am pleased that my amendment to codify the FAA's  Unmanned Aircraft Systems Integrated Pilot Program is included in this  en bloc package.   Drones are an innovation that I know our country is anxious to take  advantage of. However, it brings with it a need to rethink and redefine  some current policies. Aviation regulations that manage the flow of air  traffic at 30,000 feet, or even 1,000 feet, do not make sense when  managing the operation of a UAS 5 feet off the ground.   Congress should formally support this pilot program and learn from  the data gathered here. We must also recognize the importance of non- Federal bodies like States, municipalities, and Tribal governments to  be part of the drone oversight. This pilot program, which my amendment  codifies and which stem from a White House proposal, will help us do  just that, and it has been widely supported.   In fact, drone associations, traditional aviation groups, and large  companies wrote in support of the pilot program. We hope that by  Congress codifying the pilot program, the Department of Transportation  will now expand the pilot program to further participation.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, since 1991, Federal law has  stated that metropolitan planning organizations around the country  should have local elected officials on their boards.   In 2012, Congress passed MAP-21 and included a clause stating that  these MPOs that were not in compliance had 2 years to conform.   Now, in the previous administration, there was a Federal clause that  was used to grandfather the Twin Cities--Minneapolis-St. Paul-- Metropolitan Council into compliance without having elected officials.  So we now have, in the Minneapolis-St. Paul region, the only board in  the country that is entirely nonelected, the only MPO that has the  authority to independently raise taxes and is not elected.   Indeed, in Minneapolis-St. Paul, our metropolitan planning  organization has a budget that dwarfs all the others in the country. In  fact, it is larger than Houston; Dallas; Atlanta; Los Angeles; Phoenix;  Seattle; Washington, D.C.; San Francisco; Boston; Philadelphia; Denver;  Miami; Tampa; and Chicago combined.   Now, why does an entity of this magnitude not require local elected  officials?   Now, I know some defending the status quo are now making misleading  claims about this amendment, about our efforts here in Congress.   First, the Met Council does perform transportation work, and their  transportation advisory board does include elected officials. But the  Federal Highway Administration and FTA ruled in 2015 that the TAB is an  advisory body to the council; it is not the MPO. Even the previous  administration, the Obama administration, disagreed with the Met  Council's assertion that the TAB would be equivalent to a local elected  official.   Second, the defenders of the status quo are asserting that total  chaos will ensue if this amendment passes. It will be a complete mess.  Every other MPO was either formed in compliance with elected officials,  or local elected officials on its board, or it came into compliance  with this Federal law, and none gained widespread attention for chaos.   The defenders of the status quo, including the current council and  even the Governor of the State, now assert that, well, this is too  uncertain, that chaos would ensue. I would argue that having a 17- member board entirely appointed by the Governor is uncertainty.  Uncertainty is a board that changes course every time there is a new  election in the Governor's mansion.  [[Page H3672]]    Finally, the critics of my amendment have begun stirring up the  masses by saying this singlehandedly stops Federal funding for any  transportation project in the area, even up to $2 billion by 2021. But  in the past, when other MPOs have come into compliance, it hasn't had  this effect. It simply hasn't happened. Besides, the congressional  intent is that any MPO whose structure changes in order to adhere to  Federal law will be given a transition period, a very generous one.   The point is this amendment does not put in jeopardy any current or  future Federal investments and grants. In fact, my colleagues and I  from Minnesota have been working with the DOD to make certain our  region gets the Federal support we need. But it is vital, and it has  been vital for years in our region, that we determine our own  governance structure, that the local elected officials have a say.   If the Twin Cities Metropolitan Council thinks it would take too  large an effort to find common ground in order to pursue an MPO that  has elected officials, then that is the best indication that there is a  serious problem with the status quo.   Mr. Chairman, it is time to give citizens power over their regional  government. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Shuster).    Mr. Chairman, I would note that of all of the  opposition in this body, they are already in compliance with what I am  proposing for the Metropolitan Council. So, clearly, it didn't induce  chaos, and I yield back the balance of my time.   