 Mr. President, I think we have just witnessed here what  the problem is. This should not be a situation where Americans are  being hurt, and right now Americans are being hurt. We have heard it  from the Senator from North Carolina. We have heard it from my  colleagues from Connecticut, from Ohio, and from Hawaii. We all agree  that Americans right now are getting hurt. We don't have to do that,  but we have just heard one Senator--and I imagine other Republicans  agree--reject a simple idea.   Let's not hurt folks. Let's stay here for 3 days and just extend the  U.S. Senate. We can stay in our seats and get this work done and work  something out. It is an easy way to go forward, and nobody gets hurt.  That was objected to.   We said 1 day, a 24-hour period. Let's do 1 day. That was rejected.   The Senator from North Carolina made a suggestion that maybe we stand  up straight. I love that suggestion. He suggested that we stay through  the night instead of having people stressed and worried and some people  missing work and missing paychecks. Let's stay here all night. Let's  make everybody feel uncomfortable. I would work on that unanimous  consent as well. But it seems the Senator from North Carolina has  rejected his own idea.   This is what I don't understand, because I agree with the Senator  from North Carolina, who keeps commenting about the military, when the  military itself--the Secretary of DOD, through the spokesperson--has  said a 4-week CR, if I remember the quote exactly, would be wasteful  and disastrous. So military leaders are saying what we are doing is  wrong.   Let's not kick the ball down the road for four weeks and instead stop  hurting people and get the work of the Senate done. I am willing to  stay here all night. It is not like the Senator from North Carolina is  not willing to stay here all night.   So we stand together today to say: Let's minimize the damage of this.  Let's do what we can to not hurt people.   That brings up the unanimous consent that I would like to propound.  If 3 days is rejected, if 1 day is rejected, if just staying here  through tonight and working on this as a Senate, facing discomfort,  facing exhaustion is worth it, then let's take some of the worried  people in the U.S. off the table.   That is why I have an amendment to permanently extend the Children's  Health Insurance Program and provide funding for community health  centers. The reason why I say this is because, somehow, our children-- the most vulnerable children in our country--have been pushed into a  political debate, which is a political debate because nobody denies  that they are in favor of providing healthcare for our children.   This program expired 112 days ago. For those of you who think that  this is  [[Page S424]]  going to cost us money to provide health insurance for children, it  doesn't cost any money. The CBO actually said it saves the government  money. Why? Because it is something that every one of the 100 of us  knows--that when you protect children, neonatal children, babies, when  you give them healthcare, you actually save long-term healthcare costs.   So here is something that would provide millions and millions of  dollars of savings and take vulnerable children and States who are  worried about providing for those children and that anxiety out of this  political debate. If we can't do something for our most vulnerable  children, I don't know what that says about our body. This is a moral  moment. It was 112 days ago that this bill expired and, somehow,  suddenly, that has been put into a 4-week CR at a time of a political  debate. It seems to me that we are trying to use our children as a  political pawns.   There are so many kids that are being affected by this--9 million  nationwide, 159,000 kids in New Jersey, about 47,000 in Hawaii, and  about 197,000 in Ohio.   I believe this is something that is just common sense. It should be a  matter of just conscience.   So I would like to make sure that the children in this political  fight are not hurt. I would like to make sure that our community health  centers in both rural spaces and urban spaces, all over our country-- our community health centers that serve 25 million people nationwide,  300,000 veterans--are not hurt. We are concerned about the military,  and we should also be concerned about our veterans, and 7.5 million  children in our community health centers.   Let me say again that America's community health centers serve 7.5  million children. Let's fund them both, move them off the table, not  inject them into a political debate to be used as pawns for leverage to  do something that the U.S. military and the Department of Defense has  criticized--what we are doing right now, what the proposal is, four  weeks.   So I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 36, H.R. 1301; that the Stabenow-Casey- Brown amendment at the desk, providing for permanent extension of the  Children's Health Insurance Program, a 5-year extension of the  community health centers program, and extensions of other expired  Medicaid, Medicare, and health extenders, be considered and agreed to;  that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed;  and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table with no intervening action or debate.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Is there objection?   The Senator from North Carolina.    Will the Senator yield for a question?    Will the Senator yield for a question?    The Republicans control the White House with Donald  Trump, they control the Senate, and they have the majority of the  House. You have had much more experience than I have. For 112 days,  this program serving our children has lapsed--112 days since the month  of September, since the program lapsed. States have had to take action.  There have been crises. There have been problems.   I simply ask this. In your experience, if the Democrats were in  control of this body, would that bill have come to the floor probably  before 112 days?   