 Mr. Speaker, it is not every day that I get to speak on  behalf of someone who has changed the lives of millions of people  across the globe, but today, I do.   Billy Graham, who passed away last week, was known as America's  pastor, and rightly so.   When I was spending time this week in the district, someone who is a  baseball fan came up to me and said: Do you know who's got the most  saves in Yankee Stadium?   I said: ``Sorry, I don't know my baseball history that well.''   He said: It was Billy Graham, in 1957.   I had to laugh to think that it was truly God who did the saving.   But let's think for a minute about Billy Graham. He was born in 1918  on a dairy farm in Charlotte, North Carolina, just south of my  district. His crusades in the 1950s attracted thousands of people and  shaped the beliefs of a generation by introducing many to the  evangelical faith.   In July of 1957, Graham invited Martin Luther, King., Jr., to preach  in front of his audience at Madison Square Garden on the issue of  racial justice. This was just months after the Montgomery Bus Boycott.   Graham was a White pastor from North Carolina, and King was an  African American pastor from Alabama. But both of them knew that the  Lord doesn't see skin color and that the love of Christ could heal any  racial division. Mr. Speaker, in today's polarized political culture,  we could learn a thing or two from their friendship.   Throughout his life, he met with 12 Presidents, dating back to Harry  Truman. President Eisenhower called Graham ``one of the best  ambassadors our country has,'' and John F. Kennedy brought Graham in  before his inauguration to express his worry over the moral and  spiritual condition of the Nation.   Aside from his role in the civil rights movement and vocal opposition  to communism, he uplifted the souls of millions of Americans. By  introducing them to the love of Christ, Graham gave hope to the  hopeless and love to those who were in need.   Mr. Speaker, while our economy now is growing and wages are rising,  Americans have still become increasingly more isolated, more lonely,  and more depressed. This social crisis needs to be addressed but can't  be solved by a bill that we pass in Congress or an executive action by  any President.   We have gotten to a point in our country where too many people put  their hope in elected officials. These people will most certainly be  let down, because elected officials, like everyone else, are fallen,  imperfect, sinful people.   Graham knew this, and he knew that the only person who would not let  us down is Christ himself, and that we should trust in him for the  forgiveness of our sins and have everlasting life. This is now the life  Billy Graham will enjoy forever.   