 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to offer an amendment aimed at  helping to ensure the integrity of the budget enforcement process in  future years. Before I do so, I would like to again acknowledge the  hard work the Appropriations Committee has put into the fiscal year  2019 spending bills.   We have made significant progress so far this year, particularly  considering that this is the first Labor, Health and Human Services,  and Education appropriations bill to be brought to the Senate floor for  amendment in nearly 11 years. I commend the committee and its leaders  for their efforts and the spirit of cooperation that has made this feat  possible.   As it stands now, this appropriations bill is subject to a point of  order under section 314 of S. Con. Res. 70, the fiscal year 2009 budget  resolution authored by former Democratic Senator and Budget Committee  chairman Kent Conrad. That point of order aims to prevent mandatory  spending increases on appropriations bills. My amendment remedies this  violation while maintaining the proposed increase to the maximum award.   The amendment I am offering relates to the budgetary effects of the  substitute amendment's proposed increase to the maximum discretionary  Pell Grant award for the award year 2019-2020.   If anybody has been able to follow that so far, you ought to be on  the Budget Committee. Now I am going to give a lot more detail that  will be equally as difficult, because it needs to be a part of the  record to show why we need the amendment that I am talking about in  order to avoid a point of order and to get the increase for this year  that is being requested.   As former chairman of the HELP Committee, I understand how important  Pell Grants are in making college more affordable and accessible,  especially for students from my home State of Wyoming. That is why I  want to be very clear that my amendment would not cut Pell Grant  funding for the 2019-2020 award year or prevent future increases in the  maximum annual award. My amendment simply deals with how we account for  such increases in the Federal ledger.   First, a little background may be helpful on the Pell Grant program,  which has one of the most complicated funding profiles in the entire  Federal budget. The Pell Grant program is funded by a mix of annual  discretionary appropriations, a so-called mandatory add-on award, and a  permanent mandatory funding stream. My  [[Page S5739]]  amendment deals with the interaction between the discretionary and the  mandatory add-on funding streams.   Each year, the Appropriations Committee includes a provision in the  Department of Education spending bill specifying the maximum  discretionary Pell Grant award for the upcoming award year. The  substitute amendment would increase that maximum award for the award  year 2019-2020 by $100 to $5,135. CBO estimates that this change, which  follows a $175 increase to the maximum award provided in fiscal year  2018, will increase mandatory spending on the add-on by $39 million in  fiscal year 2019. It is pretty complicated. There are a lot of dollars,  a lot of different places.   Even though the substitute specifies the maximum discretionary award  is $5,135 for award year 2019-2020, under scoring rules--that is how we  keep track of how much money we are going to owe--the CBO has to assume  this maximum award extends through 2028. That means the $39 million  annual mandatory cost of this provision also extends through 2028,  giving it a 10-year score of $390 million. The substitute amendment  includes an offset for the $39 million cost in the first year but  leaves the remaining $351 million in mandatory spending scored to the  fiscal year 2019 bill unpaid for. Again, under scoring rules, once that  $350 million in estimated future spending is incorporated into the  baseline, it will not be subject to budget enforcement in future years  and will never need to be paid for. That is a problem we face regularly  around here, and this is the problem my amendment aims to address.   My amendment would maintain the maximum discretionary award for 2019- 2020 to $5,135, preserving the $100 increase proposed by the  Appropriations Committee, while it would prevent the estimated $351  million increase in estimated future year spending from being rolled  into the baseline where it could escape enforcement or even notice in  future years. It would require Congress to offset future mandatory  spending increases just as the substitute amendment would do for the  first year. If we can do it now, we should be able to do it in the  future.   Let me repeat. My amendment would not reduce the maximum Pell grant  for the 2019-2020 award year or prevent future increases to the maximum  award. In fact, it would maintain the proposed increase to the maximum  Pell grant for the 2019-2020 award year.   Let me repeat. As it now stands, this appropriations bill is subject  to a point of order under section 314 of S. Con. Res. 70 of the fiscal  year 2009 budget resolution, which was authored by former Democratic  Senator and Budget Committee Chairman Kent Conrad and passed. That  point of order aims to prevent mandatory spending increases on  appropriations bills. My amendment remedies this violation while  maintaining the proposed increase to the maximum award.   This is just a good-government amendment, and I urge my colleagues to  support it. Let's not be spending into the future until we know where  the money is coming from. Let's go ahead and make the award for this  year, and let's find a way to pay for it next year.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   