 Mr. President, as President pro tempore of the U.S.  Senate, I ask my colleagues to join us in voting swiftly and  unanimously in support of Mike Pompeo's nomination to serve as the next  Secretary of State.   Frankly, I am embarrassed by the naked partisanship that was on  display during Director Pompeo's confirmation hearing. The Director  deserves better than this. That his nomination was nearly sent to the  floor without recommendation is an utter disgrace.   This is a graduate of West Point and a man who served our Nation  honorably as a cavalry officer in the U.S. Army. This is a talented  litigator who graduated from Harvard Law School, where he served as  editor of the Harvard Law Review. This is an accomplished businessman,  a former Member of Congress, and the current Director of the Central  Intelligence Agency. This is a man who is qualified to serve in every  respect. Yet some of my colleagues wanted to block Director Pompeo's  nomination on the grounds that he supports our President. Give me a  break.   To these colleagues, I say: Enough. Enough of the partisan games.  Enough of the political grandstanding and self-serving sanctimony.   Delaying this nomination undermines not only the reputation of this  esteemed body but the very safety of our Nation. Obstructing Director  Pompeo's confirmation would be a significant break from the bipartisan  process that has characterized these kinds of nominations in the past  and over my past 42 years.   For example, when President Obama nominated Hillary Clinton to serve  as Secretary of State, Republicans and Democrats set aside their  differences without delay, confirming her nomination almost unanimously  with a vote of 94 to 2. Just 4 years later, the Senate did so again  when we confirmed John Kerry with a vote of 94 to 3.   As Republicans, did we disagree with Secretary Clinton's and  Secretary Kerry's views on a wide range of issues? Absolutely. But did  those disagreements prevent us from confirming two preeminently  qualified nominees? Absolutely not.   As a case in point, when Secretary Kerry was confirmed in January  2013, the Syrian civil war was raging, and many of us strongly  disagreed with the Obama administration's policies in the Middle East.  To my frustration and that of all my Republican colleagues, it seemed  that Secretary Kerry's Syria policy differed little from his  predecessor's, but rather than turn our dissenting votes into  destructive votes, we voted almost unanimously for his confirmation.   There was an understanding at the time that you paid deference to the  President's nominees, even if you disagreed with them on certain  policies. Today, that custom is under siege. It is under threat. If we  are not careful, in the future, then partisanship will sure get the  best of all of us.   The partisan abandon with which some approached Director Pompeo's  nomination is something that I fear the Founding Fathers would never  have imagined, much less condoned. If we continue down this perilous  path, a dangerous precedent will take root, making any nomination under  any President at any time all but impossible.   Our role as legislators is to challenge the views of our nominees and  to hold them accountable. It is not, however, to discredit, defame, and  destroy the reputation of a sitting Cabinet official. Nor is it to  prevent from serving a man who is so manifestly qualified to serve. To  engage in such political games at a time when our Nation faces growing  threats abroad is not only irresponsible, but it is dangerous.   So I say to my colleagues one last time: Confirm Director Pompeo.   He has proven himself as Director of the CIA--one of the most  demanding, high-pressure jobs in government. He knows the world and its  secrets better than virtually anyone. Moreover, he understands the  scale of the threats facing the United States. I know that. I think I  am still the longest serving member of the Senate Intelligence  Committee. Perhaps most importantly, he has earned the love and trust  of the people he serves, boosting the morale of the Agency and  reinvigorating its sense of purpose and mission. We are in desperate  need of someone who can do the same at the State Department.   Already, Director Pompeo has demonstrated he has the diplomatic skill  to lead the State Department, setting the stage for negotiations  between President Trump and Mr. Kim by establishing a back-channel line  of communication with North Korea. He has also helped foster good  relations with our foreign partners--a necessary skill for someone  serving as our Nation's top diplomat.   Simply put, there is no reason under the Sun that Director Pompeo  should not receive every last vote in this Chamber.   The way we treated Director Pompeo by nearly sending him to this  floor without a recommendation was shameful. Indeed, the reputation of  the Senate would have been tarnished were it not for the last-minute  intervention of a few of my colleagues--in particular, Senator Chris  Coons, for whom I have great admiration. He thinks for himself.   I wanted to recognize Senator Coons today and thank him for his  leadership. In a display of both compassion and bipartisanship, Senator  Coons switched his ``no'' vote to ``present,'' ultimately allowing  Director Pompeo to secure a favorable recommendation. Senator Coons did  so as a gesture to Senator Isakson, who could not be present for the  vote because he was delivering a eulogy at his best friend's funeral.   This simple act of bipartisanship reminds me of the Senate I used to  know--the institution that lived worthy of its name and reputation as  the world's greatest deliberative body. Senator Coons' vote brought us  back from the precipice overlooking a partisan abyss. It was a timely  reminder that this body is at its best when we put comity and respect  ahead of partisanship. Senator Coons' gesture was characteristic of the  person I know him to be--a class act, a loyal friend, and a true  gentleman of the Senate.   May we all take a cue from yesterday's bipartisan display. Our  treatment of Director Pompeo in committee was embarrassing, to say the  least, but now we have a second chance. Now we have the opportunity to  set things right by voting unanimously for his confirmation. I urge all  my colleagues to do what is best for the Senate and the Nation by  voting in favor of Director Pompeo's nomination.   Let's get rid of this total partisanship around here. I think both  sides are to blame, in some respects. I don't mean to just be picking  on Democrats here today, but when somebody with the quality of Director  Pompeo is seeing this type of treatment on the floor of the U.S.  Senate, my gosh, what are we becoming? All I can say is, it is not  right.   This is a chance to reform and make it right. I hope we will do that.  If we don't, we have to find a way of getting together. We have to find  a way of supporting whoever is President, who nominates people who are  qualified and who are good people, regardless of whether we agree with  them ideologically.   The fact is, this Senate has become a very partisan body. There are  times to be partisan. There is no question about that, and all of us  have felt those times from time to time. My gosh, should we be this  partisan on somebody like Secretary Pompeo, who clearly is one of the  finest nominees I have seen in the whole time I have been in the U.S.  Senate?   I hope my colleagues on both sides will vote for him and give him the  respect, the support, and the help he is going to need in this  position. We all know he is going to be confirmed. The question is,  Will he be confirmed with the support of all of us Senators who really  think of these things and who really care for our country, who really  believe in bipartisanship, who really believe that regardless of  differences of politics and opinion, class acts like Mr. Pompeo should  be supported?  [[Page S2366]]    I yield the floor.   