 Madam President, I rise to talk about why we are here, but  I will just begin with a definitive statement: There is not one of the  49 Democrats in this Chamber who wants the government to shut down. And  I will conclude with this, but I will just state that if the government  of the United States shuts down, it is for one reason and one reason  only, and that is that the majority leadership does not want to work  weekends. I will come back to that in a minute.   Why are we here? We are here debating on a House continuing  resolution drafted without Democratic support or consultation at the  eleventh hour and sent over to us on the last day of a spending  authorization period.   Most folks in the Chamber know--but those watching on television may  not--we were supposed to have a budget and an appropriations bill by  October 1. That did not happen. So the leadership suggested that we  agree to work and find an appropriations bill and a budget by December  8. That didn't happen. Then there was the suggestion that we delay  until December 22, and that didn't happen. Then there was a vote on  December 22 to delay until January 19--today. Apparently, that is not  going to happen.   The request today is that we pass a continuing resolution that would  put this matter to the 16th of February, and we would then be in the  fifth month of the fiscal year without a budget deal. Why would we want  to do that? What we should want to do is not budget by continuing  resolution, but actually do a budget deal.   For folks who aren't schooled in the insider phrases we use, a  continuing resolution is like driving your car looking in the rearview  mirror. We ought to be driving our car looking through the windshield-- look forward with a budget that looks forward--but a continuing  resolution is: Well, we are unwilling or unable to make a decision, so  let's just do what we did yesterday. That is no way to operate the  government of the greatest country on Earth.   What we need to be about is finding a final budget deal. What is  wrong with continuing resolutions? I think a pivotal moment in this  discussion--as we are sort of looking at how it has developed--occurred  about 8 days ago. I am on the Armed Services Committee. I am the father  of a U.S. Marine. The Secretary of Defense, General Mattis, came to  talk to both the Democratic caucus and the Republican caucus lunches.   I don't know what he said to the Republican lunch, but I know what he  said to us. The Secretary looked us in the eye--this was, I think, on  January 8--and said: Do not give me another continuing resolution. The  pattern of continuing resolutions has hurt the Nation's defense. Do not  give me another continuing resolution.   When the Secretary of Defense looks at us and tells us that, I take  that seriously.   Yesterday, we had an Armed Services hearing, and four Trump  administration nominees for key positions dealing with research,  acquisitions, installations, and energy were before us. Because they  each have experience working with the DOD or other Federal agencies, I  asked each of them: What do you think of continuing resolutions?   To a person, these men and women said: They are horrible. We  shouldn't live under continuing resolutions. Don't do them. Do a  budget.   When they were done testifying, I said: The interesting thing is that  you are actually here on the day when the House is going to be voting  on a continuing resolution that is directly contrary to what Secretary  Mattis asked of us and what you are testifying to today.   Last night, as we were on the floor awaiting the House message to  come over with the continuing resolution, the Pentagon's chief  spokesperson tweeted: Continuing resolutions are wasteful, and they  hurt the military. Don't do another continuing resolution. We need a  full budget for 2018.   This morning, Secretary Mattis spoke, giving a national security  speech, and he was asked about this budgetary debate. He said: ``The  value of the American military is grossly enhanced by the sense that  the American model of government, of the people, by the people, for the  people, can function and carry out its governmental responsibilities.''  He continues to say that the right thing for our troops is to do a full  budget, not a continuing resolution.   So to hear my colleagues stand up and say that the Democrats want to  shut government down: No, we don't. We want to do what the Secretary of  Defense said we should do.  [[Page S333]]    We want to do what a veteran told me yesterday in Arlington. I had a  veterans' roundtable. I was listening to their concerns about VA and  mental health--issues we care about. One veteran said: I am a veteran,  but I want to talk to you about being a Federal employee. I am a  Federal employee in civilian service. I live in Quantico. Don't make us  live under continuing continuations. The uncertainty of it is just too  great. Find a final budget deal.    That is the task that is really before us right now, on January 19.  Can we find a final budget deal? What should we do? It is not that  hard. The deadline tonight is completely artificial. There is nothing  magic about January 19.   What we should do is commit, as Senators and House Members, to stay  here and get a final budget deal done. There are a series of discrete  items. There are the budgetary numbers for defense and other important  priorities--healthcare, education, transportation, mental health. There  are emergency relief packages for the hurricanes and wildfires of the  last few months. Those are important.   There are a number of healthcare priorities like the CHIP program.  That is important.   I would argue that a resolution of the issue with Dreamers is  important. Why do I say it is important? Because President Trump told  us to do it in September. He said: I am going to end the Dreamer  program in 6 months. I will end DACA in 6 months. I disagreed with  that, but what I did agree with was when he said that this was for  Congress to fix. He put a burden on our shoulders to fix it in  September.   It is 5 months later, and there is a bipartisan proposal on the  table. President Trump said: Send me a proposal, and I am going to sign  it. You work it out, and I am going to sign it.   We now have a proposal that I believe is ready to be voted on and, I  believe, would pass in both bodies.   What we should do is avoid the short term--avoid the continuing  resolutions that the Secretary of Defense has told us not to pass,  follow his advice and stay here at the table over the weekend and into  next week, and find a final budget deal. That is how we can best serve  our constituents.   I think there is only one person who has talked about shutdown with  glee and with interest that it happen--the President. This is a tweet  from May: ``Our country needs a good `shutdown.'''   I remember the tweet well because I am on the Budget Committee, and  we were having budget hearings then. We had a Trump administration  nominee before us for a key position--OMB, I believe. I asked him: Do  you think there is such a thing as a good shutdown of the U.S.  Government? I have been asking that question to many witnesses before  the committee. Most say: No, there is in never such a thing as a good  shutdown of the U.S. Government. That is what we believe, and I think  that is what our Republican colleagues believe. There is no such thing  as a good shutdown of the U.S. Government. We all believe that.   In this instance, we don't even need to entertain the thought. If we  are willing to stay over the course of the next few days to try to do  what Secretary Mattis asked and find a final budget deal, I believe we  can find one, especially if the President were to say: Congress, stay  at your job. Find a final budget deal. It has to be bipartisan, and I  will support it. If the President were to say those things, we could  find a deal. That would be the best thing for all concerned.   Instead of kicking it down the road for a month, we might have to say  that we are going to kick it down for 3 days or 4 days or 5 days while  we negotiate. Let's put the pressure on to negotiate and not do this  month-long extension that we have done since October 1, which has  gotten us nowhere.   That is what I meant when I said that the only reason this government  would shut down over this is if the leadership decides they don't want  to work on weekends. Federal employees work on weekends. Go out to  Dulles and look at TSA employees doing their jobs as people are  traveling around. A whole lot of folks who are my constituents in  Virginia, our neighbors in Richmond, work on weekends. I know my Senate  colleagues work hard in their districts. We work on weekends.   We can work on weekends here. We can scrap some plans for the  weekend. We can commit to finding a final budget deal that would meet  what Secretary Mattis asked us to do. We should do that.   No one wants to shut this government down. There is only one person  who has been talking about it with glee. But even today, when President  Trump asked Senator Schumer to come and have a dialogue, I think that  was a tacit admission that he now realizes it would be a bad idea. If  it is a bad idea, let's just stay here and get a budget deal done. That  is what the folks sent us here to do, and I know we can do it.   I yield the floor.   