 Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 4080.    Mr. President, I rise today to urge my colleagues to  support amendment No. 4080 to S.J. Res. 54. I introduced this amendment  this morning, and I am proud to report that Senators Shaheen, Collins,  and Coons are now cosponsoring this important bipartisan amendment.   Amendment No. 4080 would amend S.J. Res. 54 by simply defining the  term ``hostilities'' to include ``in-flight refueling of non-United  States aircraft conducting missions as part of the ongoing civil war in  Yemen.'' In other words, this amendment would prevent the resumption of  U.S. air refueling of Saudi coalition aircraft in Yemen--those very  aircraft that, in too many instances, have been responsible for  indiscriminate bombing and violations of international human rights  law. That is all this amendment would accomplish. It does not define  the term ``hostilities'' more broadly for the War Powers Resolution or  in any other instance.   Before discussing the amendment in more detail, allow me to zoom out  for a moment and explain how I see the broader picture related to Saudi  Arabia and Yemen.   The civil war in Yemen, as so many now know, is an unmitigated  national security and humanitarian disaster. The longer the civil war  continues, the more influential Iran and various terrorist groups will  become in Yemen. Meanwhile, approximately 14 million people are on the  verge of famine, and it is getting worse by the day.   Famine and the indiscriminate targeting of civilians by the Saudi-led  coalition will only push more Yemenis toward Iran and toward its  proxies, giving terrorists increasing opportunities to threaten  Americans, our partners, and our interests. So it is essential to  America's national security interests, as well as our humanitarian  principles, that the administration use all available leverage to end  the civil war in Yemen without delay.   The only way to end this civil war and make significant and durable  progress on the humanitarian crisis is through an inclusive political  process. Everyone agrees on this. It is positive that the parties to  the conflict are talking in Sweden as part of the U.N. envoy-led peace  process. We want that process to succeed. I know the administration  supports these talks, and I commend them for the encouragement of these  talks. There are many potential pitfalls in the peace process, though,  so we have to do all we can to support this effort here in Congress.  [[Page S7489]]    Since March of 2017, I sought to underscore the importance of the  humanitarian crisis in Yemen and to provide this administration  leverage that it can use to pressure the Saudis to support an urgent  and good-faith effort to end the civil war and to stop using food as a  weapon of war.   In that effort, I have used every available tool at my disposal as a  member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. That has included,  for example, a resolution that was passed by the Senate, legislation  passed into law, subcommittee hearings, letters, and even a hold on the  nomination of our former Secretary of State's top lawyer at the  Department of State. That was before the administration understood, as  they do now, the importance of having a negotiated political settlement  between all the parties.   But as I have provided additional leverage to the administration over  a period of time, we have to acknowledge that the civil war has  continued, the world's worst humanitarian crisis has deteriorated  further, Iran's influence has only increased, and the Saudi Crown  Prince has, unfortunately, been left with the impression that he can  get away with almost anything, including murder.   To be clear, with or without amendment No. 4080, S.J. Res. 54 may  never become law. Even in that case, I believe adoption of amendment  No. 4080 today would send an even stronger message at a critical moment  to our Saudi partners that we expect them to do everything in their  power to end this civil war.   Some may argue that no additional pressure is needed. I have heard  that argument. I reject that argument, and here is why. On October 30,  Secretaries Pompeo and Mattis called for a cease-fire in Yemen within  30 days. Those 30 days--for those who are checking your calendar--came  and went on November 29. Yet the Saudi coalition has continued  airstrikes.   I have a hard time believing that if Secretary Mattis picked up the  phone and told Riyadh to knock off the airstrikes in Yemen, the Saudis  would ignore him. If that call hasn't occurred, there may be a problem.  If it has and the Saudis have ignored that demand, then, that may be a  problem. Either way, we may have a big problem on our hands.   It is not in our national security interest to sit idly by as the  Saudis ignore the clear demands of our Secretaries of Defense and  State, especially when we are members of the coalition. Our taxpayers  are funding these military exercises that are exacerbating the worst  humanitarian crisis in generations and that are destabilizing a country  where Iran, al Qaida, and ISIS have a foothold.   Let's support our Secretaries of State and Defense. Let's support  them in their efforts. Let's give this administration yet more leverage  vis-a-vis the Saudis.   The number of innocent people confronting famine is growing by the  day. Innocent people are being bombed. Iran and terror groups are  benefiting from the status quo. The Saudis have ignored our  Secretaries' call for a cease-fire. My question to my colleagues here  on Capitol Hill who are still undecided about how they might vote with  respect to this amendment that I am bringing up is this: What are we  going to do about it? What are you going to do about it today, because  you have an opportunity to do something about it?   I will say that today, even if this resolution does not become law,  we can take an important step and send the right message to Riyadh.  There is no doubt that the Houthis have engaged in absolutely abhorrent  behavior in Yemen, and, then, it takes two sides to negotiate.   We don't have much leverage over the Houthis. We have significant  leverage over the Saudis, and we must utilize it. If S.J. Res. 54 does  become law, my amendment would ensure that it accomplishes its stated  purpose with respect to air refueling.   Some may continue to argue that the United States is not engaged in  hostilities in Yemen. It is a war. Our taxpayers are providing funding.  There is intelligence support and logistical support and refueling of  aircraft carrying bombs, but some will argue that we are not engaged in  hostilities in Yemen. In other words, this Senate joint resolution,  absent my amendment, risks leaving the status quo in place in Yemen.  With my amendment, the legislation would ensure that the administration  cannot resume refueling of Saudi aircraft conducting missions related  to this civil war.   To those principled colleagues--and there are a number of principled  colleagues on this issue--who are conversant on the issue and have been  studying it for a great deal of time, I have great respect for them. I  know there is at least one who is concerned about any precedents we may  be creating relating to the War Powers Resolution or other situations.  Let me be clear. My amendment explicitly says this definition for  hostilities only applies to this resolution we are considering today  and only to this case.   I will also reiterate that my amendment would not restrict U.S.  refueling on our own aircraft and would not restrict refueling of other  aircraft for missions focused on al-Qaida and associated forces. We  have it covered. Either way, Senators looking to send the right message  today to the Saudis and those looking to change the situation in Yemen  should support amendment No. 4080.   For a very quick word on the War Powers Resolution--the underlying  resolution--here again, principled and serious people are on both sides  of the War Powers Resolution debate, and I see merits on both sides of  that argument. The President is indeed the Commander in Chief. That  said, the Founders also establish clear article I constitutional war  powers and responsibilities for Congress.   For me, today, in this situation, and only with respect to Yemen, I  believe a reasonable reading of the Constitution leaves plenty of room  for a ``yes'' vote on this resolution. Our humanitarian principles and  national security interests require it. With that, I urge my colleagues  to support amendment No. 4080 and to support passage of the underlying  resolution and send a message to Riyadh.   I yield the floor.    I thank the chairman for the clarification so that I can  further clarify for the record that this amendment only applies for  purposes of this resolution and in the section I offered it.   Let's say in Mali, for example, that our country in the future were  involved with refueling operations of our partner or our ally's  aircraft. This wouldn't apply. This would establish absolutely no  precedent.   We have had national security legal counsel look at this. We have  taken a belt-and-suspenders approach. No reasonable reading of this  could construe this to establish any legal precedent that ought to  cause concern for anyone concerned.    My intention is to only address the situation in Yemen,  and that is precisely what this amendment does--nothing more, nothing  less.   Back to the example of Mali and French aircraft, there would be  absolutely no application of this amendment to that conflict, to the  refueling of those aircraft or to our own aircraft. That is why we have  doubled up on clarifying precautionary language, so that no one could  conceivably construe that in any legal analysis that makes any level of  common sense or legal sense, because the two don't always seem to be  consistent. But we have had attorneys look at this, and it applies  narrowly only to this context.  [[Page S7490]]    I will entertain any more questions, but I feel as though I am  restating this. It is a very important matter. So I am glad the  Chairman gave me an opportunity to answer it.    I thank the Chairman.   