 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support my bill, H.R. 5445, the 21st  Century IRS Act, a bill that will improve cybersecurity and taxpayer  identity protection, as well as modernize the information technology  system at the IRS. I am grateful today for the bipartisan support. This  is a very important issue.   One of the most common, heartbreaking issues I have had to deal with  on a recurring basis since I have been elected a member of elected  government is identity theft. That is why I wrote the Michigan Identity  Theft Protection Act while serving in the Michigan Senate.   I am disheartened to say, however, that since coming to Congress,  those stories of identity theft have only become more frequent and are  often compounded by problems in dealing with the IRS, many of which  center around the delays due to their outdated technology.   Take, for instance, my constituent, Lance. Lance filed his 2015  Federal return in March of 2016. In May of that year, he was notified  that his refund was being held until the IRS could verify certain  items. Over the next 8 months, Lance tried multiple times to get  additional information from the IRS. Finally, in January, they told him  that his case had been closed, yet he had not received his refund.   Over the next 6 months, his case was reopened and went from being  flagged for identity theft, then cleared, only to be flagged again.  Finally, after 18 months of back and forth with the IRS, Lance received  his refund of tens of thousands of dollars.   While we want to be vigilant in protecting taxpayers' identities,  these unnecessary delays are bad for everyone. I know I am not alone in  this Chamber. Most of us, if not all of the Members of this body, have  heard a distressed story from a constituent about how they had their  tax refund stolen.   That is why my legislation will codify a current public-private  partnership, whereby the IRS engages with States and industry to find  ways to reduce identity theft tax refund fraud. This will provide them  with additional tools to proactively identify trends and schemes as  they come about. By heading off ID theft at the beginning of the  process, we can eliminate the need for the IRS to chase down  fraudulently paid refunds and reduce the burden on the unfortunate  taxpayers who have had their identities stolen.   Mr. Speaker, another source of delay at the IRS and angst for our  constituents comes from the severely outdated IT systems at the IRS.  Take, for instance, another constituent of mine, Tom from Oakland  County. Tom had a return audited, and the auditor mistakenly entered  his income by misplacing a decimal point by two spaces and recorded  Tom's income as being 100 times its actual amount. This resulted in the  IRS telling Tom that he owed a tax bill 18 times his income for that  year.   After my office and the Taxpayer Advocate's Office got involved, the  IRS fixed the issue but told Tom that he might still receive collection  letters until the computer system was able to update with the correct  information. This uncertainty coming from the IRS is simply  unacceptable. The outdated technology at the IRS is not the fault of  the taxpayer.   Now, to address this issue, this legislation includes an important  provision that my colleague, Mrs. Walorski, has worked on for a very  long time. It provides much needed accountability by setting forth  clear guidelines, processes, and responsibilities for the IRS officials  who are responsible for maintaining and modernizing the IRS IT.   It also includes a provision put forward by Mr. Renacci, which would  allow businesses to file their 1099 information through a taxpayer- friendly internet portal. This will ease the compliance burden for  taxpayers and businesses and allow the IRS to get tax information in a  timely manner, which will improve the quality and accuracy of the  security checks.   In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, we live in a world of constantly emerging  threats and sophisticated criminals who are probing and trying to gain  access to the IRS, and, ultimately, the taxpayer's information. The  21st Century IRS Act will help move the IRS in the right direction with  meaningful and bipartisan solutions.   