 Mr. President, I would suggest that the War Powers Act  does specifically say that the President has the very power to enter  our troops into combat. It shouldn't be necessary to say.   People are asking me questions and calling up and asking: Where are  we on the NDAA? I want to make a few comments about that and then give  an exact status as to where we are right now.   We said it before, but we can't overstate this: This NDAA bill is  going to pass. We know it is going to pass. It has passed for 57  consecutive years, and it is one that has to pass because this is the  most important bill of the year.   Last night, we adopted a managers' package of some 45 bipartisan  amendments. This is on top of some 300 amendments that we already have  gone through in the committee.   I want to say with my counterpart here--Senator Reed--that we are in  total agreement on the procedures we should be following. We are in  agreement on an open amendment process. Both the Democratic and  Republican leadership are committed to an open amendment process. We  have been trying to set that up, and we have not been shortchanging or  shortcutting anyone's ability to be heard on their amendment, because  we have already gone through 300 of these in committee, and then it  passed unanimously to the floor. That is something that doesn't happen  very often.   I hope that we can have more amendments throughout this process. We  are working to get consent to do that. I think we can make it happen.  We want an open amendment process. Everybody wants that.   I recently got back from visiting with American troops around the  world--Afghanistan, Poland, Kuwait, just to name a few. When I meet  with these troops, I go and talk to the enlisted guys in the mess hall.  You can find out a lot more by sitting down and eating with the guys in  the mess hall in Afghanistan than you can having a hearing in  Washington, DC. One of the things I learned last week was that our  troops want to know if we are really doing all we can.   The proper authorizations, reports, trainings, things like we  established in this bill would be improved by an open amendment  process. The open amendment process is the hallmark of our democracy.  It is very significant, and it is something we need to be doing, and we  are all in agreement on that.   Now, the NDAA is also a message to our allies around the world. They  don't want to have to hedge their bets. It wasn't too long ago we were  in the South China Sea, and we saw where China is actually building all  of these islands out there. I contend, it is illegally building them  because they don't own the land. It is almost as if they are preparing  for World War III. All of that is going on right now. So it is a very  hostile world out there.   We saw the progress the President made yesterday with Kim Jong Un.  That was nothing short of a miracle that they are sitting down and  visiting, that they have agreed on certain denuclearization prospects.  I think they have done a great job, and I am anxious to give this  President the authority to continue in his work.   While we continue to work out the amendment process, I ask my  colleagues to come down to the floor.   Let me say where we are right now. Senator Corker is blocking the  consideration of all amendments, unless he receives a vote on his  amendment. I appreciate very much the friendly attitude he has had  toward this. He feels very strongly, but there is a blue-slip problem  with this; that is, it is not going to be considered by the House  because it is a revenue issue we are dealing with, and that is why it  is a blue-slip issue. I know Senator Corker did want to correct that  last night, and he attempted to do it. I have not heard that he has  been able to successfully do it, and I don't believe he has.   There are several already who have said, in the event Corker tries to  bring it up for a vote, they will block that vote. So that vote would  be blocked.   Senator Paul and Senator Lee have amendments that are similar to each  other. Each one is blocking unless he receives a vote. So we have  Senator Lee saying, unless he gets a vote on his amendment, he is going  to block anyone else from having an amendment or getting a vote; in  other words, no amendments. Senator Paul, the same thing, no  amendments. Now, their amendments are similar to each other, but there  are some slight differences, but that is where they are right now.   However, Senator Graham and Senator Grassley have said, in the event  Senator Paul or Senator Lee puts their amendment forward, they would  stop their amendments from coming up. So that is where we are. We have  the Corker amendment, and it is one that has a blue-slip problem. We  have the indefinite detention amendment by Paul, and both Graham and  Grassley have said they would object if that comes up for a vote. So we  can't have a vote on that. There is nothing we can do except get them  together to decide.   This significant bill we are talking about is the most significant  bill of the year, and we can't move on it until--and, I agree, there is  a problem. I have talked to a lot of our Members who are fairly new  Members, and they talk about the Senate process and that one person can  stop everything from happening. Well, it has been that way a long time,  and this is where we seem to have to pay dearly for it. I have to say  this also because many times on legislation we have on the floor, it is  Democrat versus Republican, Republican versus Democrat. Well, Senator  Reed and I don't have any disagreement. We disagree on some of the  issues we are going to be dealing with as we debate amendments--and  that is going to happen this week--but we both agree the other has the  chance to present his best case and try to win on the issues.   So that is going on, and this is one of the rare cases where I guess  all the problems we are having objecting to amendments are all coming  from the Republican side. I hope our Republicans will get together with  each other and determine what areas they actually will be objecting to.  That is where we are right now.   Let me, one more time, commend Senator Reed for the cooperation we  are getting between the Democrats and Republicans on this, the most  significant bill of the year.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, we just  heard a very lengthy explanation of an amendment that no one had seen  until about an hour ago--at least I don't know of anyone who has.   I think the Senator from Tennessee has every right to do what he can  to get his amendment heard, and there are opportunities other than the  Defense Authorization bill. One of the problems--and I have worked on  these Defense authorization bills for years and years--decades--is that  they know it is going to pass. It has passed for 57 consecutive years.  So a lot of people who want to put in things that are nongermane and  very often controversial want to put them on that because they know it  is going to pass.   Senator Corker's is not the only amendment that is a problem  amendment for this. There are two other nongermane amendments, one by  Senator Lee and one by Senator Paul. They say: If I don't get a vote on  my amendment, then I am going to stop all other amendments from coming  up, so nobody gets to have an amendment.   At the same time that they are saying that about the Paul amendment  and the Lee amendment, we have other Members, such as Senator Grassley  and Senator Graham, who are both saying: We are going to make sure you  don't get a vote on that. So, whatever the case is, you have opposing  parties saying: If you get a vote on something I disagree with, I am  going to stop all amendments from coming forth. In a way, they can do  that, and I can see that happening right now.   I would ask my friend--because I am going to object; I am going to  object not just because of the underlying bill but because it is an  amendment that changes the underlying bill.   I have had occasion to talk to two Members of the House who will be  part of our conference committee, who strenuously object, not so much  to the content of the amendment but to the fact that this is being put  on. It will force the House to go back in and reconsider their bill,  according to our friend who just advised us of that. So I don't want to  do anything that is going to either jeopardize or delay the passage of  the Defense authorization bill.   I just got back from Afghanistan, Kuwait, and places all over the  world where our troops are, and they all know that this is the week  that help is on its way.   We have suffered in this Chamber for the last 10 years. During the  Obama administration--I don't say this in a negative way about him, but  I will say that he didn't have a strong national defense as a top  priority, and he had a policy in which he said: We can't do anything  about sequestration in defense unless we do the same thing for the  nondefense programs.   What does that tell you? It tells you there is no priority for  defending America. That is not what our Constitution says. That should  be a priority.   As a result, we have a lot of systems that have gone down. As General  Dunford, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said: We are losing our  competitive edge. We are losing it. Actually, he said that 2 years ago,  so we have lost it in some areas.    Artillery is a good example. Right now, artillery is measured by two  means--one by rapid fire and one by range. Both China and Russia now  have better artillery than we have in the United States. Most people  don't believe that. They don't know what has happened to our military.   Hypersonic is the new weapon that operates at five times the speed of  sound. This is something we have been working on. We are racing against  our peer competitors--China and Russia--and they are ahead of us. They  are ahead of us in the area of the nuclear triad. We haven't done  anything to our nuclear program in the last 10 years, and they are  ahead of us.   So all these things are happening. The troops know it is out there.  They know their pay raise is in this bill. They know their benefits are  in this bill. They know it is a good bill. It should pass unanimously  in the U.S. Senate. But if you start putting something on it that, No.  1, doesn't belong on it in terms of germaneness, and, No. 2, is going  to cause a pause that could be detrimental to our fighting troops  [[Page S3742]]  and for getting the bill done, then I wouldn't want to do that.   So I would like to join Senator Corker in finding another bill. I  will do all I can to help him to get that on as an amendment, but not  to the Defense authorization bill. I think this would cause a lot of  damage. The House agrees with this. I can't let that happen. For that  reason, I object.    Mr. President, first of all, I appreciate the comments by  the Senator from South Dakota. I think the point is, this is the most  important bill of the year.   I want to make only a couple of comments, and I was hoping to make  these comments while the Senator from Tennessee was still here. One is  that I have a disagreement because he mentioned that this bill--the  most important bill of the year--is very often not considered until  November or December. The absolute deadline is the end of December. I  can remember getting within 2 or 3 days of that deadline in the past,  and, if that happened, then our flyers wouldn't get flight pay or there  would no longer be any hazard pay. There were a lot of things we would  have to give up that we couldn't afford to give up.   We made a commitment--and it wasn't just me by myself; it was with  the Senator from Rhode Island, who is handling the bill on the  Democratic side--that we wanted to have amendments. We preferred not to  have nongermane amendments, and that would be my goal, if I am around  here next year when we do this, to lay groundwork so that we don't have  nongermane amendments. As I said, this is a bill that will pass.  Normally, for things that don't pass any other way, if they can get  them on as amendments, they can get them passed.   We have the same situation happening right now, not just with Senator  Corker but also with Senator Rand Paul and the Senator from Utah. That  wasn't going to work either way. The problem I had with Senator  Corker's change was it was a very long change that changed the  underlying bill, and, as was pointed out by the Senator from South  Dakota, that would mean we would have to go back over to the House. I  don't feel comfortable doing that when we have all of those kids out  there who are looking at pay raises and wondering what is really  happening in Washington. Is there really not the support we anticipated  that they all had?   I am sincere when I say this; he isn't here now, but I said it when  he was here. If Senator Corker wants to get this done, and I know he  does, I will help him. We have a lot of time to find another bill that  might be more germane, but it would not be on this bill that we really  can't afford to jeopardize. I feel strongly about that. We were  attempting to help him get a vote initially, and then, when he changed  the underlying bill, that meant we would have to go back to everyone.  He mentioned his coauthors, and we don't know how many of those  coauthors would still be supporting his amendment if they knew it was  changing the underlying bill.   Those are the problems we have here, and I think we want to get on  with, as rapidly as possible, getting these amendments opened up so  that people can vote on the amendments and hopefully get the bill done  this week. I don't know if it will be this week or not.   Senator Corker was also implying we are doing something for this  President with this amendment, and I wish to remind everyone of the  fact that there are several things the President--our new President-- had in mind. He wanted to privatize air traffic control. I almost  singlehandedly stopped that, and that was one of his main objectives.  Also, he wanted to have a BRAC round in this bill that is on the floor  now, and we stopped that. Many of the provisions that he wanted we have  taken out of the bill.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, first of all, let me state how much I  appreciate the passion the Senator from New York has on this issue. She  has been so outspoken on this in committee, and I think most of us  agree that there are problems out there that need to be addressed.   In 2014, a congressionally mandated, independent panel of experts  determined that there is no evidence that removing the authority to  convene courts martial from commanders would reduce the incidence of  sexual assault, increase reporting of sexual assaults, or improve the  quality of investigations and prosecutions in sexual assault cases in  the Armed Forces.   The Department of Defense opposes this amendment on the grounds that  doing so will endanger military readiness and combat effectiveness  without promoting the goal of eliminating sexual assault.   I don't know what the intentions of the Senator from New York are on  this amendment, but in all fairness, I have to state that I will be  opposing it. We did consider this in committee, and I have never seen a  stronger advocate for a cause or an amendment than the Senator from New  York. For some of us who have been in military service--I do have a  problem with taking away the authority that has always historically  been with the commander and feel that would not be to the benefit of  the overall system.   Two years ago, Congress passed extensive military justice reform,  which will come into effect next year. I think that is correct. Rather  than imposing additional reforms, I think we ought to allow the DOD to  work on implementing the previous legislation to see if that resolves  some of the problems that are articulated very effectively by the  Senator from New York.   I yield the floor.   