 Mr. President, I call up substitute amendment No. 3695.    I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment  be dispensed with.    Mr. President, today, the Senate begins debate on an  appropriations package that I believe is absolutely essential to the  strength and security of this Nation. The package before the Senate  marries the two largest fiscal year 2019 appropriations bills; that is,  the Defense bill that funds all national security and the Labor, HHS,  and Education bill. Each of these bills carries the near unanimous  support of the Appropriations Committee, which is quite unusual.   Senator Blunt, the chairman of the Labor, HHS, Education, and Related  Agencies Subcommittee, and Senator Murray, his ranking member, worked  together to produce a strong, bipartisan bill that balances many  competing priorities. I commend both of these Senators for their hard  work, and I want to take this time to thank them for their continued  efforts in this regard. If they haven't been here yet, Senators Blunt  and Murray will soon come to the floor to discuss the particulars of  the Labor-HHS division of this package, so I am not going to get into  the details of that bill, but as chairman of the Appropriations Defense  Subcommittee, I want to provide my colleagues here this afternoon with  an overview of the funding it contains for America's military.   Secretary Mattis, the Secretary of Defense, as we know--a decorated  general who commands deep respect on both sides of the aisle--has  warned us that ``failure to modernize our military risks leaving us  with a force that could dominate the last war, but be irrelevant to  tomorrow's security.'' Think about that for a minute. We cannot allow  that to happen.   I think we must rebuild America's military to where it will be second  to none in the world. We have to defend this Nation first and foremost.  Here in the Senate this afternoon, I am pleased to report that this  bill takes a big step in that direction. I will explain why.   It provides an additional $67.9 billion for overseas contingency  operations. The fiscal year 2018 Defense bill, enacted earlier this  year, contained the largest increase in military spending in 15 years.  The bill now before us does even better by providing an additional $16  billion above the 2018 level. This funding sustains U.S. force  structure and improves military readiness.    It also provides critical resources for a wide range of priorities  that are essential to maintaining our technological superiority in an  increasingly complex and competitive national security environment.   The bill before us includes substantial investments in the areas of  basic research, hypersonics, directed energy, artificial intelligence,  microelectronics, missile defense, cybersecurity, and our test and  evaluation infrastructure, among many other priorities.   Just as important, the package before the Senate today provides our  men  [[Page S5686]]  and women in uniform with the largest pay increase they have seen in  nearly a decade, and they certainly deserve it. As we debate this bill  over the coming days, the sacrifices of these brave men and women  should be on the top of the minds of all of us. In light of their  sacrifices, I believe it is our duty to ensure they are the best  prepared and best equipped military in the world.   The American military is the most feared fighting force the world has  ever known, and we want to keep it that way. This bill ensures that  continues to be true. That is how we defend this Nation.   I thank the vice chairman at this time of the Defense Subcommittee,  Senator Durbin, for his valuable input in crafting this bill. Together,  I believe we have produced a balanced bill that meets the Pentagon's  objectives and includes the contributions of Senators from both sides  of the aisle. I am proud to present this legislation to my colleagues,  and I urge their strong support.   I also want to recognize the vice chairman of the full Appropriations  Committee and his work on the committee, Senator Leahy, and the leaders  of both sides, including Senator McConnell and Senator Schumer.   At the outset of the appropriations cycle, the four of us met and  agreed to work together in an effort to return the Senate to regular  order. Since that time, the Appropriations Committee has passed all 12  bills before the July 4 recess, all with strong bipartisan margins--the  first time, as the Presiding Officer knows, it has been done in 30  years.   The first minibus contained three bills and passed the Senate by a  vote of 86 to 5. It is now in conference with the House. The second  minibus contained four bills, two of which had not seen the light of  day on the Senate floor in many years--Interior and FSGG. That package  passed by a vote of 92 to 6. Hopefully, it will soon be in conference  as well.   By August, the Senate had passed more appropriations bills than our  counterparts in the House. That had not happened in the last 20 years.  None of this would have been possible, as the Presiding Officer knows,  without the partnership of Vice Chairman Leahy and the leadership of  Senators McConnell and Schumer. I thank each of them once again.   Our work continues, starting now. We have a great opportunity to  extend the success we have generated thus far. It has been more than a  decade since the Senate passed a Labor-HHS appropriations bill, period,  and it has been a dozen years since the President was able to sign a  Defense appropriations bill into law before October 1. These two  records, I believe, must be broken.   We must not only provide the resources necessary to rebuild our  military, we must do so before the end of the fiscal year. There is no  time to waste when it comes to our national security. With the  confirmed cooperation of my colleagues, I am confident we will continue  to get our work done in a deliberate and timely manner. I thank all  Senators for working together to produce regular order in the  appropriations process.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   