 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I, for one,  really appreciate the Senator's attempt to solve this issue. Our hearts  are very similar. But a temporary solution, such as the one the Senator  from Arizona has proposed, is not a solution, as he just said. It is,  rather, another failure of Congress to provide real border security for  the American people. It provides only 25 percent of what we need to  secure that border for the next 3 years. Does anybody really think that  is acceptable?   Something the President and the American people have in common is  that they want border security. In addition, Members of this body and  the administration have spent a great deal of time over the last year,  as a matter of fact, talking about a potential DACA solution. I am  happy to report that people on both sides want this DACA situation  solved permanently. I think the Senator from Arizona and I have the  same desire there.   Further, as a result of recent decisions by Federal district courts,  current DACA recipients are free to continue renewing their status  unless and until the Supreme Court overturns those lower court  decisions. It will likely be over a year before the Supreme Court would  even hear such a case.   It is my opinion that we should take that time right now and continue  working on a permanent DACA solution, as well as the other legal  immigration issues that we know are within reach, rather than settling  for a temporary solution that does not address the problem. That  permanent solution should also be one that ensures we are not back here  in the future dealing with the same issue again.   The bill the Senator from Arizona is now proposing would only take us  further away from fulfilling our congressional responsibility, with a  3-year delay. I will be happy to work with the Senator from Arizona and  any of our colleagues in this body to try to address any of the  concerns he and they have with the Secure and Succeed Act, which we  just voted on a couple of weeks ago. That bill is exactly what the  President said he would sign into law. Therefore, Mr. President, I  respectfully object.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   