 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend Rep. Lee and my  other colleagues tonight who have gathered to pay tribute to our former  colleague Rep. Ron Dellums, who passed away on July 30. I rise to join  them in remembering Ron, who was my friend and with whom I served in  this House for many years.   Ron Dellums's entire career was spent in service--to his community,  his city, and his country. As a U.S. Marine, he proudly wore the  uniform of our nation at a time when the peace of the world was  threatened by cold war. As a city councilman in Berkeley, he drew on  his family history of labor activism to fight for better conditions for  working families. As a Congressman, he led the fight for sanctions  against apartheid South Africa and chaired the Armed Services Committee  as our military challenges were changing from a Cold War to a post-Cold  War environment. He was a founder of the Congressional Black Caucus,  which today is the conscience of the Congress. Later, as Mayor of  Oakland, Ron worked hard to make neighborhoods safer, improve local  schools, and bring new infrastructure funding to the city.   Ron fought with tenacity for the causes he believed in. One of those  was human rights and the equal dignity of all people. When a  presidential veto threatened to block his anti-apartheid legislation,  he rallied support to override it. As Chairman of the Armed Services  Committee, he earned the respect of his Committee colleagues and  military leaders, and he worked diligently to transition our military  to meet the threats of the twenty-first century. It came as no surprise  to those of us who served with him that when he retired in 1998, praise  for his service and leadership came from both sides of the aisle.   I was deeply saddened to learn of Ron's passing. Our nation lost a  faithful public servant and a champion for working families and those  working hard to make it in America. I mourn with the people of  California and my colleagues in this House who served with Ron. I mourn  with his wife Cynthia and the Dellums family. I mourn the loss of a man  who gave service his all and contributed so much to the nation he loved  and this institution he so faithfully served.   