 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Florida (Mr. Ross) for  introducing this important measure being considered today.   Mr. Speaker, the Dodd-Frank Act introduced into our Nation's capital  a new culture of regulatory burden where a select few Washington  bureaucrats dictate how our Nation's financial institutions should run  themselves. While I support the necessary regulations from our Nation's  fiduciary rule makers that upholds the goals of safety, soundness, and  fair play, far too often our regulators have overstepped their  boundaries and entered into dangerous territory of overregulation.    Section 113 of the Dodd-Frank Act gave the Financial Stability  Oversight Council immense deliberate power to declare nonbank financial  companies as systemically important to the financial stability of the  United States.   Once that determination is made, these nonbank financial institutions  become subject to extraordinarily stringent prudential supervision and  regulation by the Federal Reserve. This is a power that should not be  taken lightly.   FSOC's systemically important designation carries with it a  significant regulatory burden, a new public perception, and a new  regulator.   Mr. Ross' legislation would require the FSOC, when deliberating on  whether or not to designate a nonbank as systemically important, to  consider the appropriateness of imposing new burdens on the  institution, as opposed to pursuing other forms of regulation to  mitigate identified risk to the financial stability of the United  States.   Mr. Speaker, Mr. Ross' legislation would help end the culture of  overregulation in Washington and alleviate the intense burden that has  been imposed on many institutions that have unsparingly received this  designation.   This is not to say that FSOC's power to designate institutions as  systemically important should not be used, but rather that FSOC should  exercise its authority judiciously and in its intended manner.   Mr. Ross' bill ensures that the FSOC's designations going forward  will be prudent, shrewd, and most important, necessary.   The good news out of Washington is that the culture of overregulation  is changing. A new era has been ushered in that thinks twice before  regulating, thoughtfully revisits the necessity and effectiveness in  past regulations, and considers the burden of future regulations.   Much of this has to do with the changes in leadership at the  regulatory agencies and the good work being pursued there. But changes  in who creates and enforces the regulations aren't enough.   In order for our small towns to be able to prosper, our small  businesses to grow, and our families to succeed, we must continue to  pursue legislative changes to regulations that sustain  [[Page H3126]]  this new era of regulatory cautiousness and predictability.   By pursuing legislative fixes to regulatory problems, we can provide  the certainty required by our financial sector, both big and small, to  once again provide a bright future for the American economy and for  American families.   Mr. Speaker, Mr. Ross' legislation being considered on the floor  helps to cement that certainty, and I encourage my colleagues to  support the measure here today.   