 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, a lot of our colleagues have been coming  down to the floor today and had come down yesterday to talk about two  things that are actually very connected. The first is the VA MISSION  bill, which we just passed, that is going to significantly transform  how we treat our veterans and how we make sure our vets are getting the  care they have earned and deserve. Also, appropriately, as that bill  has just passed the Senate and is heading to the President's desk, we  are talking about Memorial Day and the Memorial Day  [[Page S2912]]  weekend that is fast approaching--a very important, sacred time for our  country and, certainly, for my State, the great State of Alaska.   What I would like to do is to talk a little bit about the bill and  then reflect a little bit more on the importance of Memorial Day as we  move forward into this weekend.   One of the things we all do is, certainly, with regard to legislation  like this is to look at the national implications. We also look at how  our own constituents will be impacted and make sure their interests are  served when there is broader, national legislation that we have been  working on for months. Many of us had been working on this bill for  almost a year. The Presiding Officer and I are on the Veterans' Affairs  Committee, so we were very focused on it.   In my State, we proudly claim more veterans per capita than in any  State in the country, but we also have unique challenges. Alaska is a  very, very big place. With regard to enabling our veterans to get the  healthcare they need and the services they need from the VA, it can be  a challenge. So one of the things that we worked hard on was to make  sure that if a veteran lives in a big State in a very rural part of  America, they will still get the benefits they have earned as a  veteran.    There are a number of things in the VA MISSION Act, which we just  passed, that focus on the unique elements of Alaska. I will give a  couple of examples that are now in the legislation that will be signed  by the President in a couple days.   The bill requires access to community care--non-VA care--where the VA  does not operate a full-service facility in the State. Well, there is  no full-service VA facility in Alaska. So what this enables our  veterans to do is to get care from other medical service providers,  particularly our veterans who are in some of the more rural parts of  the State.   It has a specific Alaska fee schedule for the reimbursement of  providers because healthcare costs are structurally so much higher in  my State, as are transportation costs. There is a fee schedule that the  VA uses in this bill just for Alaska. It continues to allow the VA to  have Tribal sharing agreements with members of Tribal organizations  that, again, have a very far reach and provide excellent care to so  many Alaskans, both Natives and non-Natives.   By the way, Alaska Natives serve at higher rates in the U.S. military  than any other ethnic group in the country. There is incredible  patriotism from those constituents in my State, whom we are all very  proud of.   The bill creates standards for timely payments to community care  providers. One of the big challenges we had in the VA was that non-VA  medical providers provide care for veterans, and then the VA does not  reimburse them for months. This causes enormous challenges, including  collection agencies calling the very veterans who got the care and  services. This is completely unacceptable. We are trying to change  that, and this bill will do it.   Finally, a bill that I had with Senator Tester from Montana is called  the Serving Our Rural Veterans Act, which is now part of the broader  bill. What this does is create VA residency programs in States such as  Alaska and Montana that don't have medical schools and where there are  very few residency programs. Studies show that after doctors do their  residency, well over 50 percent of the doctors stay in the States where  they do residency programs. That is a great advantage if you have a lot  of residency programs, but we don't. What this bill does is set up a  pilot program by the VA to work with Native health organizations, DOD  health organizations, IHS health organizations, and establish residency  programs through the VA so that we can get doctors in Alaska who will  do service for our veterans and then stay.   Those are just a few examples of how this bill helps not only  veterans nationwide but certainly helps the veterans in my State. Of  course, the implementation of this bill is going to be key. One thing  that concerns me, to be frank, is that right now there is very little  leadership at the highest levels of the VA. As a matter of fact, we  have had four secretaries in 4 years. We need to start putting  established, secure leaders in the VA to start implementing this  important piece of legislation. We will continue the oversight role in  Congress, but this is a good start.   More importantly, this bill also sends a strong message to our  veterans throughout the country that the Senators in this body,  Democrats and Republicans, have focused on them and have their backs,  as do Americans all across the Nation.   This is what I want to talk about for the remainder of my remarks  this afternoon, on the eve of Memorial Day weekend--looking at and  reflecting for a little bit on the Senate floor about the ebb and flow  of how we, as Americans, have treated our veterans and memorialized  their service because that is what this weekend is all about.   We know and we continue always to lionize and celebrate our World War  II veterans and the over 400,000 Americans who gave their lives  defending freedom. That is who we are thinking about this weekend.  During World War II, from ticker tape parades when they came home to  Honor Flights that continue today, this ``greatest generation'' of  Americans, both living and dead, has received the respect and honor  that all of our veterans should have, and with good reason. Their  sacrifice saved the world from authoritarian takeover, whether it was  from Nazi Germany or Imperial Japan. So we always had the ``greatest  generation'' up here in terms of how we view them, how we memorialize  them--the veterans, those who gave the ultimate sacrifice.   Then, just 5 years later came the Korean war, and the respect we gave  to the tens of thousands of veterans returning home from Korea started  to decline, something akin to benign neglect. Many in American society  during that time seemed as if they didn't want to be bothered by what  was going on in Korea or didn't want to think about the tens of  thousands who were killed in action, the over 8,000 who are still  declared missing in action, and the over 100,000 American  servicemembers wounded in the Korean war. This is reflected even today  in the name that many historians have given this conflict, the  ``Forgotten War.''   I have never liked that phrase. I think it is actually borderline  disrespectful. The better way to memorialize the sacrifice of our  Korean war veterans is in the words etched into the marble of the  incredibly moving Korean War Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC, just  a few miles from here. That memorial--for those who haven't visited, I  highly recommend you do; for those who are visiting Washington,  particularly on this weekend, it is great to go down there. But there  is a simple phrase there: ``Freedom is not free.''   Freedom is not free. If this weekend means anything, it is the  importance of that phrase on the Korean War Veterans Memorial. That  memorial also states: ``Our Nation honors her sons and daughters who  answered the call to defend a country they never knew and a people they  never met.''   If you want to see an example of American bravery and what it meant,  take a look at the difference between North and South Korea today.  There is a satellite photo that is very famous. It shows the Korean  Peninsula at night. The North is dark; even today it is dark. The South  is full of light, vibrancy, and energy. The reason that happened--the  reason that happens to this day is because of the bravery, the service,  and the sacrifice of American military members.   These are powerful words on the Korean War Veterans Memorial in  Washington, DC, and to me the rightful tribute to that war and our  veterans shouldn't be the ``Forgotten War''; it should be the ``Noble  War.'' Think about what our men and women did. As I mentioned, they  were sent overseas to ``defend a country they never knew and a people  they never met.'' To this day, our troops are on the peninsula right  now, keeping the peace--28,000 of them.   So we had benign neglect in the Korean war, and then what happened?  Well, then came the Vietnam war.   We all know what happened. Yet to this day, we really don't know why  it happened. Our country kind of went off-kilter, and in terms of the  honor and respect we showed our Vietnam veterans and their wounded and  fallen comrades, America hit rock bottom--  [[Page S2913]]  World War II, here; Korean war, benign neglect; Vietnam, disgraceful  conduct toward the men and women serving in the military.   We have all heard the stories; they are sad and tragic. We have all  heard the stories of young men and women who went to serve their  country and fight overseas in Vietnam, who came home to protesters,  were spit on, and called baby killers.   I remember hearing about one such episode from a senior marine  officer when I was a young marine infantry lieutenant. He came home  from combat and met his dad, who was a World War II veteran, at the  airport. He was in his service alphas--the green uniform that marines  wear--sea bag over his shoulder. His dad was with him. He came outside  of the airport, and protesters were there, and someone threw red paint  on him and his father.   Think about that. A dad and a young man who just came home from  fighting in Vietnam--and that is what he got. But here is the amazing  thing, and it is why our country owes such a debt of gratitude to our  Vietnam veterans. Instead of being racked and incapacitated by  bitterness and anger, these veterans did something amazing, something  remarkable. They set out to make sure that future veterans of America's  wars and their fallen comrades would receive better attention and  better treatment and better respect than they did. They made it their  mission in life that we as a nation would once again honor our military  as we honored the veterans coming home from World War II--at the  highest level. That is what they did.   Here is the amazing thing. They succeeded. They succeeded, and we  need to really be thinking about our Vietnam veterans and those killed  in action in Vietnam this Memorial Day.   Again, for those who haven't been there, if you want to go to a  moving memorial about America's war sacrifices and war dead, there is  nothing more moving than the Vietnam Veterans Memorial.   As someone who has seen what our Vietnam veterans have done for the  next generation of veterans, I have also seen this throughout my own  military career: When we come home from doing our duty, it is the  Vietnam veterans who are there making sure that the current generation  of American soldiers, American warriors, gets the respect and honor  that these veterans never got.   Let me give you one example. Many years ago, I was commanding a  Marine recon unit in Alaska. One of my soldiers--one of my sergeants,  one of my marines, a great marine--was killed. We had a memorial  service. It was a small memorial service for this young Marine sergeant  at Fort Richardson. It was outside. We were in our dress blues in a  very somber service. Four guys pulled up on Harley Davidson  motorcycles. They were older. They pulled up on their bikes, and they  just sat there through the whole service--a very, very powerful  presence.   At the end of the service they came up to me. I was a captain at the  time. They asked if I was the senior officer, and I told them I was. I  said: Thanks for coming. What are you doing here? Did you know my  sergeant?   They said: No, we just read about the service in the paper today, and  we wanted to be here to show our respect and honor for this young  Marine sergeant.   Think about that. Vietnam vets who weren't treated well at all when  they came home were making sure that one Marine Corps sergeant in  Alaska got the respect and dignity he deserved as a veteran. Our  Vietnam vets used their painful experience to become our Nation's  guardians of military respect, honor, and dignity.   So, right now, where are we as a country? Well, I think we are back  at that high level. I think we are back at that high level of not only  respecting members of the military--veterans, Active Duty, Reserves-- but certainly our wounded and fallen warriors. It is, in large measure,  because of the efforts, sacrifice, and courage of our Vietnam veterans.  So we can't thank them enough. As Alaska's Senator, I am so honored to  represent so many veterans and so many Vietnam veterans.   Here is what I think is important to talk about on the Senate floor.  As we move into Memorial Day weekend, let's resolve--not just as a  community, in places like Alaska, but as a country, as a Senate--that  we will always, always stay at this high level of respect for our  fallen, for our veterans and their families, and, particularly, for  those who have given the ultimate sacrifice and the men, women, wives,  husbands, and children they have left behind.   I think this is also important. Even though we are back as a nation  at this very high level--you always hear it; you always hear it; it is  always in the background--some start to question the service and  sacrifice of America's military. You have heard it a little bit when  ISIS was running amok in Iraq and Syria. You heard some people say:  Geez, we took these places with a lot of blood and treasure, and now  they have fallen to terrorists. Was that worth the cost of the young  men and women who died in those battles? Did our soldiers, marines, and  sailors die in vain?   I think it is really important to answer that question right here on  the Senate floor, and it is something I hope we can all agree on. No  American who has ever worn the uniform of our country to fight for  freedom and defend our Nation and die for this country--whether at  Valley Forge, Iwo Jima, Hue City, Ramadi, Fallujah--has ever, ever died  in vain. We always need to remember that, particularly as we are coming  upon Memorial Day weekend.   I wish to thank again all of the members of the military and their  families who protected our freedom for centuries and will continue to  do so. We are working hard in the Senate to make sure our veterans are  taken care of. The VA MISSION Act, which we just passed and which is  going to the President's desk for his signature, is part of that sacred  commitment we have to our veterans and their families. I wish to thank  them all as we come upon Memorial Day weekend.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   