 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, and, Mr. Speaker, this  proposed constitutional amendment will overturn Citizens United and  will put voters back in charge of Washington.   Over 90 percent of American voters want background checks on gun  sales; three-quarters want aggressive action on climate change; 85  percent want guaranteed paid sick leave; and 75 percent of the people  in our country think we ought to raise the minimum wage.   The problem is these are the priorities of voters instead of the  priorities of donors, and right now, in this House, donors call the  shots. Ninety-three percent of Americans believe that we don't hear  their voices. The cynicism is deep and it is bipartisan.   Only 5 percent of Republicans and 6 percent of Democrats believe that  their views are heard by their elected Representatives. Why? The  Supreme Court's disastrous Citizens United decision held that unlimited  election spending doesn't corrupt our political system.   The Citizens United decision was wrong. To American voters, our  Congress and our government institutions look like they are bought and  paid for.   In recent elections, just 150 wealthy families and the corporations  that they control have flooded our elections with hundreds of millions  of dollars. That money buys something. Unlimited money in our elections  too often determines who can afford to run and sets the legislative  agenda here in Washington.   Here is what needs to be asked: If your family can't answer a  politician's phone call when they ask for a donation, if they can't  afford billboards and television ad buys, how are their voices being  heard?   It doesn't matter whether a wealthy donor supports policies on the  left or right. Each side has its billionaires. Let's be clear about  that. But none of them should be able to spend unlimited resources in  our election.   Unlimited spending doesn't produce more speech. It produces louder  speech. It compromises the free speech rights of everyone else in  America. It corrupts elections when people are sent to Washington to  work on behalf of corporate interests rather than voters' interests.  And it leaves our elections vulnerable to attacks from foreign  adversaries.   Mr. Speaker, it is time to get big money out of politics; it is time  to get secret, dark money out of our elections; and it is time to get  foreign money out of our campaigns.   Mr. Speaker, my colleagues, for the sake of our democracy, it is time  to overturn Citizens United and put voters back in charge of  Washington.   