 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to mark  a milestone no Senator can be proud of and a milestone every Senator  should regret. That milestone is, it has now been 100 days since the  Congress failed to extend full funding for the Children's Health  Insurance Program. The Congress has always looked at this in a  bipartisan way. This is for the millions of families, for kids who walk  an economic tightrope with their families, the families who balance the  rent bill against the fuel bill and the fuel bill against the grocery  bill.   I have to say, there was plenty of time in the last Congress to carry  out the priorities of the multinational corporations. The people who  are well connected, the people who are powerful received permanent,  substantial, really massive new tax breaks, and yet the 9 million kids,  including 80,000 in my home State who count on CHIP to stay healthy-- what they received was a patch. They received something temporary. They  received something that didn't resemble the permanent, you-can-count- on-it tax relief the multinational corporations were celebrating at the  end of the year. It is a sad statement about the priorities of the  Congress at the end of last year and one I hope we will move now in the  bipartisan tradition of this program to pass on a permanent basis.   The CHIP program was created in 1997 through a simple idea: No child,  regardless of their income, family's status, or geography should go  without quality, affordable healthcare. It serves families who make too  much to qualify for Medicaid but also don't have access to affordable  healthcare through their employer. A lot of these families go back and  forth between CHIP and Medicaid, depending on whether a spouse is out  of work.   CHIP covers all kinds of essential healthcare for kids from  preventive services to dental checkups, to treatment for serious  illnesses. For families across the country, that is peace of mind, that  is the chance to go to bed at night knowing you aren't going to get  crushed by big medical bills in the morning. It means you don't have to  have those heartbreaking, right-before-bed conversations about what you  are going to do for your sick child, and it doesn't mean you have to  just plan on the unexpected emergencies with nowhere to turn. All of  that is at risk because of the ``negligence'' of this Congress, and I  use that word specifically.   I talked about the skewed priorities at the end of the year, but  right now States are stretching their Children's Health Insurance  Program dollars to the breaking point. They are trying to make sure  kids stay covered, and what we are faced with is termination notices  going out. We have to prevent those termination notices for these  families. As I said, Congress put a patch on all this, contrasting this  to the permanent relief of the multinationals, and the Congress sent a  small amount of money to the States to keep them afloat, but make no  mistake about it, it is not going to be long before bedlam sets in,  once again, and there are real consequences for children and families.   Now, I also want to note that I have been working closely with  Chairman Hatch for months now to get CHIP across the finish line.  Chairman Hatch knows what it takes. He created this program with our  friend Senator Rockefeller and the late, great Senator Kennedy. They  demonstrated that kids' health was an issue that transcends ideological  lines, and our country is the better for it today.   Chairman Hatch and I made an agreement in September that extends full  funding for 5 years, affirms key protections for kids and their  families, and gives States certainty they can  [[Page S51]]  count on to plan their budgets. I note that the leader, Senator  Schumer, is here. He has been very supportive of this bill. He sat next  to me and Senator Rockefeller for years and is supportive of the  children's health program.   The Hatch-Wyden bill passed with a strong bipartisan vote in the  Finance Committee. Again, I am highlighting the priorities where there  was time for the multinational corporations to get that permanent  relief, but there wasn't any time to put the CHIP bill--one that had  only one vote in opposition in the Finance Committee--on the Senate  floor. In the House of Representatives, they weren't pursuing it like  we did in the Finance Committee. They never could get past a purely  partisan approach, out of line with CHIP's long, bipartisan history.   Now, obviously after months of delay, it is time to act, and I want  to wrap up with a quick comment about what is going to happen if you  don't move and move quickly. Just last week, the Congressional Budget  Office announced that the cost of CHIP has plummeted from $8.2 billion  to $800 million. That is because premiums in the individual market are  set to skyrocket after the repeal of the Affordable Care Act's coverage  requirement in the Republican tax bill. Many of the families who  currently count on CHIP will have to get their kids' healthcare on the  private market at a higher cost. As if Congress needed more reasons to  act, the budget office has demonstrated what is now at stake for kids  and their families who are counting on quick action for affordable  healthcare.   There is a long history, as I have noted, of the Senate working on  the Children's Health Insurance Program in a bipartisan way. We started  building on that tradition in the Finance Committee with virtual  unanimity. Somehow at the end of the last Congress--and your priorities  can always be illustrated with what you find time to do--there was time  at the end of the year for the agenda of the multinational  corporations, but there wasn't time for the youngsters and their  families who walk an economic tightrope and depend every night, when  they turn the lights out, on making sure there is a way to pay for  healthcare if there is an emergency in the morning.   I want it understood that we are working day in and day out now to  quickly make sure kids and their families get the certainty and  predictability they deserve. They deserve the kind of certainty the  powerful got with the tax bill at the end of the year.   So we are going to be on this floor until this critical legislation  is passed. It needs to be passed quickly.   I yield the floor.   