 Thank you, Mr. President.   I want to start by commending the Senator from Alaska, Mr. Sullivan,  for moving this legislation forward and for his work and the work of  his staff over many, many months now.   I want to thank our staff, as well, and the staff of Senator Wicker  and so many other offices that I will not have an opportunity to name.  We are especially grateful for their bipartisan efforts, which every  once in a while work around here. I am grateful that Senator Sullivan  and his team have put in the amount of time that they have.   This legislation is part of broader Coast Guard legislation, the  Commercial Vessel Incidental Discharge Act. The so-called C-VIDA Act is  critically important to get done this year. As Senator  Sullivan mentioned, there is bipartisan support, and we should pass it  immediately.    When I introduced this legislation back in January of last year,  working with Senators Wicker, Sullivan, and others, it was included in  the larger Coast Guard Authorization Act. That was passed by the Senate  Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee in May of 2017. Since  that time, we have conducted extensive negotiations with our  colleagues--and that  [[Page S803]]  may be an understatement--to address important environmental as well as  enforcement concerns.   This legislation fulfills at least two priorities for Pennsylvania.  First, it allows us to be in a position to enact strong environmental  protection standards for our waterways in Pennsylvania, and second, it  supports our maritime industry. Currently, vessel owners and operators  are forced to comply with a patchwork of overly burdensome and  confusing Federal and State regulations for vessel ballast water and  incidental discharges. This act, the C-VIDA Act, would establish  uniform national standards and requirements governing ballast water  discharges and other discharges that occur during normal operations of  vessels. C-VIDA would provide the maritime industry with a consistent,  uniform regulatory structure while ensuring that there are  environmental protections in place to protect our Nation's ports and  waterways.   The national standard in C-VIDA ensures that vessels with the best  onboard environmental equipment are calling at our ports. That is  critical for Pennsylvania, which has coastal, inland, and Great Lakes  vessel traffic.   There have been concerns raised about the environmental protections,  as I mentioned, in the act and the lack of involvement of the EPA and  States in developing and enforcing these protections. Once again, I  want to commend the work of the staff. Staff from several offices have  worked very hard to address these concerns and to ensure that the EPA  is involved, that C-VIDA has strong environmental standards, and that  we update and revisit these environmental standards as science evolves.   Both ballast water and incidental discharge rules will be developed  with the Coast Guard in concurrence with the EPA and in consultation  with the States. State-specific incidental discharge standards would  remain in place until new Federal regulations are enforced.   The original bill eliminated State standards upon the enactment of  the legislation. Additionally, States would have coenforcement of these  standards with the Coast Guard. If a State believes there should be a  more stringent national standard, then the State can submit a petition  to the Coast Guard. If that standard is found to be technologically and  economically viable, the State standards will become the new national  standard. Senators in both parties have been working in good faith and,  as we can see, have made substantial changes to the original  legislation.   We have an opportunity to pass an important bill that vessel owners,  operators, and maritime labor all agree on. The maritime industry is  exactly at the point where we would want other industry sectors to be,  developing good business in a clean environment. They have asked the  Senate to enact a long-term regulatory framework, and we shouldn't let  this opportunity slip by.   I want to yield to Senator Wicker. As I said earlier, I am grateful  to have been working with Senator Wicker all these many months and our  staffs, as well, and, of course, with Senator Sullivan and all those  involved.   I yield the floor.   