 Mr. President, as the Presiding Officer knows,  President Trump has called on Congress to take up major infrastructure  legislation. Passing an infrastructure bill would create jobs, grow our  economy, and help keep families safe. Water infrastructure is a key  part of the President's call.   Drinking water systems, dams, levees, ports, reservoirs, and waste  water systems matter to just about every community in the country.  Infrastructure is an essential part of everyday life. Infrastructure  brings water into our homes and protects us from flooding caused by  catastrophic storms, like the one we had this past week on the east  coast.   Many of these aging water systems are in need of significant  attention. Several need to be repaired or fully replaced, while other,  long-awaited projects need to get started. The time to upgrade our  water infrastructure is now.   Last week, committee leaders from the Senate and the House of  Representatives reached a deal of historic proportion on comprehensive  water infrastructure legislation--now passed in the House and awaiting  passage in the Senate. The name of the consensus bill is ``America's  Water Infrastructure Act.'' As the chairman of the Senate Environment  and Public Works Committee, I worked closely with Ranking Member  Carper, Infrastructure Subcommittee Chairman Inhofe, and Subcommittee  Ranking Member Cardin to reach this deal with the House. This is by far  the most significant water infrastructure bill of this Congress and the  most significant water infrastructure bill in decades. It is  bipartisan, and it helps all 50 States.   The legislation does three big things: It grows the economy, it cuts  Washington redtape, and it keeps communities safe. America's Water  Infrastructure Act spurs economic growth by creating jobs and  authorizing vital projects. This bill authorizes projects that deepen  nationally significant ports, maintain inland shipping lanes, upgrade  aging dams, and increase water storage in the arid West. These projects  ensure that American-made goods can be shipped from the heartland to  the coast and around the world.   Access to a consistent water supply is key for America's ranchers and  farmers. They expect that their water will be delivered when they need  it. Ranchers and farmers will directly benefit from this legislation,  as crumbling irrigation systems will receive badly needed maintenance.   In my home State of Wyoming and across the West, water storage is a  serious issue. This consensus bill will increase storage capacity and  expand water reservoirs, such as the Fontenelle Reservoir in Wyoming.   The legislation cuts redtape by making it easier to get projects  through the Army Corps of Engineers' process. It will give State and  local leaders an increased role in prioritizing which Army Corps  projects are built. When a local partner takes over an Army Corps of  Engineers flood control project, that non-Federal partner will no  longer need to worry about obtaining new permits. The bill mandates  that the Army Corps transfer its authority to the local partner so new  permits--and the time required to get them--will no longer be  necessary.   We have also included important language to help smaller rural  communities leverage Federal dollars so they can complete needed  infrastructure projects. Leveraging Federal resources is an important  component of President Trump's infrastructure plan. Federal programs,  such as the Water Infrastructure Flexibility Act, can give taxpayers  the most bang for the buck. In the past, smaller rural communities have  had trouble accessing these dollars. The language in our consensus bill  will give these rural areas the chance to compete for these funds and  be able to participate in this very successful program. Cutting redtape  and increasing access to leveraging programs will help us get projects  done faster, better, cheaper, and smarter.    Finally, the bipartisan agreement will help keep communities safe.  The critical infrastructure projects included in this package will help  prevent damaging flood waters by maintaining dams, levees, and beach  fronts. It will also create a permanent program to prevent floods  caused by ice jams like we saw in Worland, WY.   The legislation allows the Army Corps of Engineers to more  effectively assist communities recovering from devastating storms and  surging rivers.   This bill isn't just about flood prevention. It is the most  significant drinking water legislation in decades. This bill invests in  repairing aging drinking water systems. For the first time since 1996,  Congress will authorize the Drinking Water State Revolving  [[Page S6213]]  Funds. These funds give States certainty that they can meet their  drinking water needs.   The bill is also fiscally responsible. The nonpartisan Congressional  Budget Office said America's Water Infrastructure Act will authorize  these important projects and reduce the deficit at the same time.  America's Water Infrastructure Act has received broad bipartisan  support from Democrats, Republicans, local governments, and  stakeholders. It originally passed out of the Senate Environmental and  Public Works Committee unanimously, by a vote of 21 to 0. After  reaching this consensus agreement, the House of Representatives passed  the updated bill unanimously by voice vote. Simply put, America's Water  Infrastructure Act is good for the entire Nation.   President Trump called on Congress to pass major infrastructure  legislation. America's Water Infrastructure Act answers that call. By  reaching this bipartisan agreement, my home State of Wyoming and the  Nation will see upgrades, reforms, and new initiatives that deliver on  the President's commitment to rebuild our aging water system. Now is  the time for the Senate to take up this important bill and send it to  the President for his signature.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   