 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Royce and Ranking  Member Engel for their leadership on this issue, H. Res. 1091, which I  introduced to commit the House to a determination that the Burmese  military's atrocities against the Rohingya minority in Rakhine State  were genocide and to call for the release of the two Reuters  journalists who have been unjustly imprisoned by the Burmese government  for their investigation into these atrocities.   On August 25 last year, the Burmese military began a barbaric  campaign against the Rohingya people in Rakhine State. This  premeditated operation resulted in 700,000 Rohingya fleeing from Burma  into Bangladesh. In September, Congressman Crowley and I wrote to then- Secretary Tillerson to raise our serious concerns about the violence.   Since then, sufficient evidence has been brought to light to fill in  many gruesome details of what exactly happened. Much of this evidence  is contained in two reports released in September.   First, the U.N. Fact-Finding Mission on Myanmar released its final  report that argued that the Burmese military had genocidal intent  against the Rohingya.   Second, the State Department released a report summarizing a survey  of Rohingya survivors in Bangladesh that it had commissioned. The State  Department's report is particularly disturbing. It calls the violence  extreme, large-scale, widespread, and states that ``the scope and scale  of the military's operations indicate they were well planned and  coordinated.''   Of the 1,000 Rohingya interviewed, about 80 percent witnessed  killings and the destruction of villages. In total, 400 villages were  burned to the ground. About half of those surveyed witnessed a rape.   I could go on, but the gruesomeness of the eyewitness accounts I  would rather not repeat in a civilized setting.   Senior administration officials and numerous Members of Congress have  all condemned these atrocities in harsh, unmistakable terms. In light  of this evidence, I am asking my colleagues today to join me in making  a legal determination by labeling these crimes what they were: genocide  and crimes against humanity.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I also urge the administration and the Senate to make  determinations similar to the one in this resolution so that we send a  clear, unequivocal message to the Burmese Government and to the world  that these barbaric and vicious atrocities will not be tolerated.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, as co-chair of the House Freedom of the Press  Caucus, I also want to draw attention to the second half of the  resolution, which condemns the Burmese Government's decision to jail  two Reuters journalists for trying to uncover the facts about the  massacre in Rakhine State.   Tomorrow marks the anniversary of their arrest, so it is especially  timely that we are considering this resolution and calling for their  release.   