 I say to the Democratic leader, it is a pleasure.    Mr. President, I want to thank Senator Shelby and  Senator Leahy for their leadership on this issue and for their strong  support of the VA MISSION Act. I understand their concerns regarding  funding, and agree that the important reforms included in this bill  require resources. I am committed to working with you to find an  appropriate solution as the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs  bill moves to the Senate floor. Our veterans deserve no less.    Mr. President, before the Senator from Montana leaves, I  wish to thank him for 3 years of dedicated service and the last 2 in  particular as we put together the pieces of shrapnel--which was the  original attempt to make Choice work--to be a streamlined program that  is going to work for all of our veterans.   Jon Tester has been a magnificent ranking member and a magnificent  leader. I appreciate very much the kind things he had to say about me,  and I say ditto to you.   I also thank Chairman Phil Roe, of Tennessee, in the House of  Representatives. He has been a stalwart.   The reason we are able to act today and tomorrow--as the House did  last week--and pass a bill before Memorial Day is because both bodies  have worked together, and the votes have been overwhelming. Our motion  to invoke cloture this morning was 91 to 4. The House passed this 3 to  1 when they passed it in final passage. So obviously there was a lot of  unanimity, but that should not be a disguise for the effort it took. It  took a lot of effort to get to where we are and a lot of people doing  that effort--a lot of Republicans, a lot of Democrats, a lot of staff.  There was a tremendous amount of staff time. We went from doing the art  of the impossible to making the art of the possible, with everybody  working together, leaving our political weapons at the door, and  putting our good heads together to make the Veterans' Administration  system better for our veterans.   My speech is not going to be long because Senator Moran and Senator  Tester have covered the types of examples the new Choice Program brings  for all our veterans--a real choice, a real opportunity to make the  private  [[Page S2821]]  sector a force multiplier for access to healthcare for our veterans but  also make our healthcare system for our veterans accountable-- accountable to the most important people of all, and that is our  veterans.   It does a few other things too. It creates a caregiver program for  the Vietnam-era veterans. That hasn't been talked about much on the  floor, but Patty Murray on our committee and Susan Collins from the  Republican caucus in the Senate have for years tried to get caregiver  benefits for Vietnam-era veterans and veterans of other wars which were  not covered previously. With the passage of this bill, they will be  covered for those basic essentials of life and necessities. They will  have that covered for them, and we will get it done.   Those veterans who came home from a terrible war in Vietnam with many  injuries we had never seen people survive before also need care we  never thought we would have to pay for before, but we are doing it now  with caregivers for that generation, which is my generation. I am proud  to say that we are finally looking after them and are seeing to it that  they are included and are working hard on doing so.   We have also made Choice accountable to the veterans, working for our  veterans and making our VA better at a lower cost to the taxpayers than  it would have been otherwise, were we providing that service solely by  the VA. You get choices, you get quality, you get better service, and  you get a better VA for our veterans.   There have been a lot of people who have made this happen. Senator  John McCain originally introduced the idea of Choice 4 years ago. He  founded it, and that is why his name is a part of the title of this  bill. We could not have done this without John. He is a great American  hero, a great colleague, and through our prayers and our blessings, we  wish for him to recover as he is in Arizona.   I want to thank Joan Carr, my chief of staff; Trey Kilpatrick, my  deputy chief; Jay Sulzman; Amanda Maddox; Ryan Evans; Sal Ortega; and  Kristine Nichols. My staff has been phenomenal. They have done a great  job. They put up with a lot. They have worked hard, and we got here  because of them.   Also, I thank the other unsung heroes of the Committee on Veterans'  Affairs who have helped Jon Tester and me and all our members to see to  it that we covered every item, dotted every i, and crossed every t: Bob  Henke, our staff director; Adam Reece, who deserves a special shout-out  and who, the last couple of weeks, has done double duty and done a  great job to get us to where we are today; Leslie Campbell; Maureen  O'Neill; Jillian Workman; David Shearman; Camlin Moore; Thomas Coleman;  John Ashley; Mitchell Sylvest; Heather Vachon; and Pauline Schmitt. We  could not have done our job as elected officials were it not for those  people who tirelessly worked long hours to see to it that we got it  done.   Here we are in the U.S. Senate. I am speaking with my First Amendment  rights. You are gathered in the Gallery today and watching this at home  on C-SPAN because of the First Amendment, gathering because of the  amendment that allows us to freely assemble without fear of retribution  by the government. Our Bill of Rights are the rights we operate under,  and we wouldn't have them at all were it not for our veterans.   Next Monday we will celebrate Memorial Day. We will give thanks for  every veteran who sacrificed their life and gave the ultimate sacrifice  for you and for me. It is not unreasonable to think back and say: You  know, had our soldiers not done what they did in World War I and World  War II, we might be speaking German or Japanese today rather than  English. Because they fought for us in the two great World Wars, they  secured and preserved our liberty and freedom, and we speak today as  free Americans, and we enjoy the freedom that only democracy could  give. That is what we owe our veterans. We owe them everything. Without  them, we wouldn't have the protections we have today.   As Memorial Day approaches, I love to tell my favorite story about  the great reminder I have of what Memorial Day is all about. It is all  about a veteran, Roy C. Irwin, from the State of New Jersey. I have  never met Roy; I never knew him. When I was in Margraten in the  Netherlands at the U.S. cemetery where over 8,000 Americans are buried  from the Battle of the Bulge, my wife and I spent an afternoon paying  tribute and respect at the graves of our veterans and our soldiers. We  walked down the road to look at the Stars of David and the crosses,  paused for a minute at each headstone, and gave a prayer of thanks for  the veterans who had sacrificed everything so that we could be there.   Then something happened to me that I have never forgotten, and it  could happen to any one of you if you ever go to one of those  cemeteries and visit. I came upon a headstone, a cross, and I stopped  and read it. It said: Roy C. Irwin, New Jersey, private, died, killed  in action 12/28/44. I froze in place; 12/28/44 was not just the day  that Roy C. Irwin died in the Battle of the Bulge fighting for us. It  was the day I was given birth by my mother in Piedmont Atlanta Hospital  in GA.   There I was, standing at the foot of someone who had died on the day  I was born. He gave his life so that I could enjoy mine.   Since that time, I have had 73\1/2\ years in which I have been able  to be a free citizen of the United States of America, all because of  lots of things but nothing more important than Roy C. Irwin and  thousands like him who volunteered to fight for our country, to call on  the forces of evil wherever they might be. They won our freedom,  maintained our independence, and saw to it that you and I could be here  today. I have always stopped to give thanks every Memorial Day for all  of those who pledged and gave the ultimate sacrifice so that I could be  here to make a sacrifice for you.   I look at our pages in the room today, and I think about my children  and my grandchildren. I am so happy they had the opportunity to grow up  in the United States of America and so happy you have the ability to  serve here today in the United States of America. Remember this: You  and I are both here because of one thing. This is a country full of  brave volunteers who, when the bell tolls, answer the bell and go fight  for America, fight for our freedom, fight for our peace, and fight for  our liberty.   So strike one for liberty when we vote on the final passage of the VA  MISSION Act. Vote for better healthcare for our veterans, the choices  of our veterans, caregivers for our veterans who haven't had them in  the past. Give thanks. And with your vote for that bill here, we will  have to continue to pay our debt to those who sacrificed or offered to  sacrifice the maximum sacrifice for us.   This is a great country for lots of reasons. You will never find  anyone trying to break out of the United States of America. You always  find them trying to break in. There is one big difference over any  other; that is, those who have fought and died so that we could be free  and American citizens forever.   May God bless our soldiers, may God bless our country, and may God  bless the United States of America.   I yield back my time.   