 Mr. President, I rise today on behalf of myself and my  good friend and colleague, also from Idaho, Senator Crapo, and we wish  to honor an exceptional business from our great State. That business is  Micron Technology.   Although Micron began in Idaho with just four employees, it will  celebrate its 40th anniversary this week as one of the world's top tech  companies, with thousands of employees worldwide.   Micron started as a semiconductor design company in the basement of a  Boise dental office in 1978. Soon after it broke ground on its first  fabrication plant in 1980, Micron introduced the world to the smallest  256K dynamic random access memory. By 1994, Micron's development of  solid state drives and other flash memory technology in its product  portfolio earned it a spot on the Fortune 500 list. Today, Micron's  team of more than 34,000 employees spans the globe from Boise, Silicon  Valley, and Virginia, to Singapore, Taiwan, Japan, and Europe.   As one of the top four semiconductor companies in the world, Micron  works with the world's most trusted brands and is the only pure play  memory company headquartered in the Western Hemisphere. Throughout its  40-year history, Micron has contributed to more than 40,000 patents and  continues to advance memory and storage technologies that enable  innovations in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and  autonomous vehicles. Micron's advancements have made the United States  a leader in technology and give the Nation a competitive edge in data  storage, security, and supercomputing.   In addition to its renowned technological developments, I am proud  that Micron is working to transform the communities where its team  members live and work, providing resources to educate the next  generation of scientists, inventors, and engineers.   In 2017, Micron was ranked 23rd in the Fortune Just 100, Forbes' list  of companies with the best and most just business behavior.   Last year, the Micron Foundation awarded more than 550 grants  worldwide and donated more than $10 million to education and community- related causes.   I wish to congratulate Micron on its long list of accomplishments and  thank the company for the opportunities it provides for Idahoans and  for all Americans. The advances Micron's solutions provide for  computing across our country are considerable. It is my pleasure to  recognize its 40th anniversary on October 5, 2018. We all wish Micron  the best of luck and continued success as a global technology leader  and world-class semiconductor company.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   