 Mr. President, today I would like to honor the late Senator  John McCain. I appreciate having this opportunity to celebrate the life  and accomplishments of John McCain and to mourn him as he has lost his  battle with cancer. His loss will be deeply felt by all of us here in  the Senate, not only by those of us who served with him, but also by  the many staff and individuals he has worked with over time.   Senator McCain was a true patriot who dedicated his life to serving  others. His dedication to his country and its defense was unmatched.  After graduating from the Naval Academy, he served for two decades in  the Navy. He was tested as only few men ever are after his plane  crashed in Vietnam. He showed incredible resilience and moral fortitude  during his time as a prisoner of war. After leaving the Navy, he  represented the great State of Arizona in Congress for 35 years, first  in the House and later in the Senate. His sense of duty, loyalty,  honor, and compassion were bedrock strong and served to guide him in  his long career of public service.   He rightfully earned his Maverick moniker during his long public  career with his iron strength of will to stand up and fight for what he  believed was right, no matter the political consequences. He was  renowned for his support of the military. John showed unwavering  support to freedom, democracy, and the country he loved. He found it in  himself to push to reopen ties to Vietnam, believing that was how we  could begin to heal the wounds of war. He was a lively speaker, a  straight talker, and a prodigious leader, but more than that, he was a  good man. 1 had the opportunity to work with John on several pieces of  legislation over time, and every time, I was impressed with his ability  to cut right to the heart of an issue. He always put what he thought  would be best for his constituents and America above any political  concerns or niceties. He was passionate throughout his long years of  service to the people of Arizona.   John was a man of faith. He had a quiet faith, one that was beyond  simple expression. It meant, when he did speak of his faith, it made it  that much more impactful. He once recounted how it was his faith in  God, faith in his fellow prisoners, and faith in his country that  helped him make it through his time as a prisoner of war in Vietnam. In  an interview John gave in 2008, he shared what it meant to him to be a  Christian, ``It means I'm saved and forgiven.'' During that same  interview, he mentioned a guard at that prisoner of war camp in Vietnam  who shared his faith one Christmas. ``He stood there for a minute, and  with his sandal on the dirt in the courtyard, he drew a cross and he  stood there, and a minute later, he rubbed it out, and walked away. For  a minute there, there were just two Christians worshipping together.''  His moral compass was guided strongly by his faith in God, and it meant  that he always did what he thought was right, rather than doing what  was easy. I know that his quiet devotion and many of his other  qualities earned him respect from Members on both sides of the aisle.   While America is remembering a war hero, veteran, Senator, and  Presidential candidate, his family is remembering a husband, a father,  a brother and experiencing a world that seems incomplete without him in  it. My wife Diana and I send our thoughts and deepest prayers to his  wife Cindy and the entire McCain family, as we mourn the passing of an  American hero.   How can I adequately praise the life of a man who has had such a long  and storied career, one with so many accomplishments? In an interview,  John talked about how he would want to be remembered. He wanted people  to remember him as a guy who ``served his  [[Page S5985]]  country.'' I intend to do just that. John McCain served his country. He  served it well. America will never forget that service.   Thank you. God bless you. May you find peace.   