 Mr. President, this weekend, Colorado will be  celebrating the opening of our new Rocky Mountain Regional VA Medical  Center in Aurora. I am incredibly proud that we will be reaching this  milestone this weekend after more than a decade of work and some  significant hurdles, trials, and tribulations along the way. I commend  my colleagues for the work they did funding this project.   The Rocky Mountain Regional VA Medical Center will be the crown jewel  of the VA system. It wasn't easy to get here. A lot of people had to do  a lot of work to make it happen, including the veterans, the leadership  organizations in Colorado, our colleagues across the aisle, Congressman  Coffman, Congressman Perlmutter, Senator Bennet--in fact, the entire  congressional delegation for a number of years--Senator Salazar,  Senator Udall, Senator Allard. They have all done incredible work to  make this weekend a possibility.   Hundreds of millions of tax dollars were used for this facility. It  did run over budget. It certainly ran over time. But we have learned a  lot as a result of this facility, and the Army Corps of Engineers will  now be taking over major construction projects like this. As a result  of this facility, we have made changes on how designs are being made.  It was a learning experience and unfortunately a costly one at that,  but it doesn't change the fact that this will be a crown jewel in the  VA system.   This is not the end of a project, it is the beginning of a promise to  be fulfilled--a promise to our veterans on the care they will receive,  a place where they will find healing, where they will find support, and  where they will find a return to good health.   To our men and women in uniform who currently serve, know that you  have a place in Colorado where you will find incredible care.   To those who have served our country, who live in Colorado, know that  with great pride, we open this facility this weekend.   But we have more work to do. We have work to do to make sure that it  is easier to hire doctors and fill the positions at the hospital that  have remained open for months around the VA system. It takes too long  to onboard medical professionals. We should cut down that time, figure  out how to cut through the redtape and the bureaucracy. If you are  qualified to practice medicine at Swedish Hospital in Denver, or any of  our other great facilities, why can't you just go to work at the VA  hospital as well? So these are things that we can do to do a better  job.    On Monday, I met with the Secretary nominee, Robert Wilkie, President  Trump's nominee to be the new VA Secretary, and I talked to him about  the work we have to continue to do to make sure that veterans receive  the best care possible. This Congress has passed legislation, such as  the Choice Act. We have made great reforms over the last several months  to reduce wait times and wait lists and to eliminate them and make sure  that we can provide that promise of care.   This weekend in Colorado there will be a great celebration as we open  this facility. So many people put in tireless years upon years of work,  from the leadership of the State to the leadership of Congress. I am  grateful that this weekend we celebrate as we open a facility that  begins to fulfill the promise made a decade ago for veterans in the  region.   I yield the floor.   