 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Royce,  Ranking Member Engel, and Mr. Deutch for all of their very excellent  comments towards our good friend and colleague Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, a  chairwoman in earnest who has been one of the greatest friends Israel  has ever known in this Chamber.   The gentlewoman has been tenacious in her fight against terrorism,  particularly as it relates to Iran, and against very considerable odds  has been able to promote legislation that has made a huge difference in  protecting the people of Israel from the ever-present threats, the  existential threats that they face in the region. I thank Ms. Ileana  Ros-Lehtinen. It is so fitting that this bill is named after her.   This bill authorizes, as we all know, enhanced military cooperation  between our countries; it further enshrines Israel's qualitative  military edge; it authorizes foreign military financing at an annual  level of no less than $3.3 billion, agreed to in the bilateral MOU  negotiated under the Obama administration, but, crucially, the bill  specifies that the assistance should be not less than $3.3 billion. It  is a statement that it is a floor and not a ceiling, so, over the next  10 years, at least that much and hopefully more because we know the  needs are overwhelming.   The bill's other provisions: it facilitates the transfer of advanced,  precision-guided missiles for Israel's use and lays the groundwork for  bilateral cooperation that will assist Israel in confronting an  evolving landscape of threats, including from unmanned UAVs.   The many facets of cooperation supported by this bill, from  international development to space exploration, are not just for  Israel's benefit. They also contribute to our national security. The  U.S. is safer when Israel is stronger. This bill translates that  fundamental principle into practical initiatives for fruitful  collaboration and mutual benefit.   It is fitting, again, that this act will be named after a great  American and a great friend of Israel, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his  leadership on this legislation on the issue itself; Eliot Engel, of  course, who has been a great friend, a part of this Bipartisan Task  Force for Combating Anti-Semitism; and you, Mr. Presiding Speaker, you  are one of the cosponsors. We have 83 bipartisan cosponsors, and this  is an idea whose time has come.   I especially want to thank Leader McCarthy for making sure the bill  got to the floor today, for his leadership and strong support for it.   Anti-Semitism, Mr. Speaker, is exploding. Just look around in any  country in the world, look at the human rights reports that are out  there, and it is a problem here in the United States as well. It is  exploding.   My first trip to the Soviet Union, now Russia, of course, was in 1982  on behalf of Soviet refuseniks. When I saw what that country was doing  to individual Jewish men and women and families, I became committed  then. I worked with Mr. Hastings on this for many, many years with the  Helsinki Commission, to try to combat this ever escalating scourge of  anti-Semitism. It is an age-old scourge. It is bad, and it is getting  worse.   There is a persistent anti-Semitism, as I think my colleagues know,  that historically has manifested itself throughout European history,  from pogroms in Russia, to the Dreyfus affair, to Nazism in the 1930s,  and, of course, the Holocaust right up until its modern-day iterations.   This has been joined, however, by two other streams of hate: one  emanating from the world of militant Islam and one that is sometimes  fomented by countries such as Iran. Strains of this new anti-Semitism  can be heard in the demand of the BDS movement--boycott, divestment,  sanctions--which always singles out Israel and rarely other countries  like China  [[Page H8152]]  who engage in pervasive human rights abuse.   My friend and former Soviet refusenik, Natan Sharansky, testified at  two of my hearings on combating anti-Semitism. He proposed what he  called a simple test to help us distinguish between legitimate  criticism of Israel from anti-Semitism. Sharansky called it the ``three  Ds: demonization, double standard, and delegitimization.''   First, demonization. When Israel's actions are blown all out of  sensible proportions, and when comparisons are made between Israelis  and the Nazis, which is absolutely sick and pathetic, this is anti- Semitism, not a legitimate criticism of Israel.   Second, double standard. When criticism of Israel is applied  selectively, when Israel is singled out, libeled, and slandered by the  U.N. Human Rights Council, for example, while the behavior or other  egregious violators like China, Iran, Cuba, and Syria are largely  ignored, that, too, is anti-Semitism.   The third ``D'' is delegitimization. In other words, Israel does not  have a fundamental right to exist.   In light of this, there is an urgent need for a comprehensive U.S.  Government approach.    Mr. Speaker, there is a need for a  comprehensive approach. In 2004, I offered an amendment that became law  to create the Office to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism, and also the  amendment that created the Special Envoy. And I do call on President  Trump to name that Special Envoy.   This elevates it to ambassador, so there will be additional gravitas  so that this individual, whoever he or she may be, will have the  ability to have direct access to the Secretary of State on the issue of  combating anti-Semitism.   The bill also prohibits the position from being double-hatted. We  know how that happens. All of a sudden, one person does all these  different kinds of portfolios and becomes the master of none.   It also requires, as Eliot Engel said a moment ago, that, within 90  days of enactment of this act and thereafter, we need this name and we  need this to be put forward so that we can get that person on the job  and doing this great work.   Again, I look around at people who are getting ready to speak, Peter  Roskam, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, 83 cosponsors, totally bipartisan, and  absolutely needed.   