 Mr. President, I rise today to fulfill a promise to  continue to advocate for a solution that will address the critical  issues of securing the border and protecting young immigrants impacted  by an uncertain future--those who are part of the DACA Program.   Last month, I again offered legislation to extend the DACA Program  for 3 years and to provide 3 years of increased funding for border  security--a so-called 3-for-3 program. I think this is a way we can  reach a compromise on this issue that will do two important things-- one, provide much needed funding to secure the border. Being from a  border State like Arizona, I can certainly understand that. We need a  more secure border. We need additional resources, including barriers,  technology, and manpower, and this legislation would provide that. At  the same time, it would provide protection for those kids--numbering  about 800,000 and many more eligible as well--who face an uncertain  future because we haven't been able to extend or to make permanent this  program.   By the way, these are kids who were brought across the border through  no fault of their own when their average median age, I think, was about  6 years old. It is not their fault that they were brought here this  way. For all intents and purposes, they are American--everything  without the papers. Many of them have now graduated from college and  face an uncertain future in the job market. Many of them are in school  looking to continue that education. Many of them serve in our military.  We have to do right by them and do what is good for the country, as  well, and I think this legislation would do that.  [[Page S2605]]    Unfortunately, some of my colleagues have repeatedly chosen to block  the measure. I am the first to admit that this solution is far from  perfect. We need to do a lot of other things with immigration reform.  We need to address long-term labor needs, as well as a more permanent  solution for those who are here illegally who weren't brought across  the border as children. But this is a compromise that can pass.   Given the action over the last couple of days in the House, where  there was a group of House Members--Republicans and Democrats--looking  to force that body to finally take action on this, it is again time to  have the Senate make another attempt. Therefore, I ask unanimous  consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of  Calendar No. 300, H.R. 1551. I further ask that the Flake substitute  amendment at the desk be considered agreed to; that the bill, as  amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.   