 Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge my colleagues to join me in  supporting this bill.   This is a broad package, including a host of strong policy proposals  supported by both Republicans and Democrats in both Chambers.   If I may, Mr. Speaker, I would like to touch upon two specific parts  of the bill.   As you know, my home State of North Carolina was devastated by  Hurricane Florence this past September. The damage is widespread, and  the recovery efforts will take years. Folks impacted are in need of  help, which is why I am grateful this package includes my legislation  that I introduced with Mr. Rice, providing significant tax relief to  individuals and businesses hurt by Hurricane Florence.   Better yet, we have expanded the scope of my bill to include  countless Americans who have been impacted by several natural disasters  that have befallen our Natio over the past year.   Specifically, this legislation will enact penalty-free access to  retirement savings and provide tax incentives for employers and small  businesses to ensure they keep employees on the payrolls.   It will also make it easier for folks to claim tax deductions for the  cost of destroyed property and will encourage people across the country  to donate to recovery efforts by suspending limits on charitable  contributions.   Altogether, this bill will lessen the tax burden on folks impacted by  natural disasters so they can use more of their money to recover,  rebuild, and get back on their feet.   This is one piece of a larger disaster relief package, and I am so  glad to see it moving forward in this overall bill.   The second provision I would like to briefly highlight is an  important one that will assist low-income taxpayers with issues  concerning the IRS.   Taxes are already a major burden on low-income individuals living  paycheck to paycheck, and the last thing they need to have to do is  worry about dealing with the bureaucracy of the IRS. So low-income  taxpayer clinics provide much needed relief guidance and support to  low-income individuals, providing them with representation for the IRS  or in court on audits, appeals, and other tax disputes. They provide  this for a very low fee.   So I am glad these provisions are included in the overall package,  and I urge a ``yes'' vote on the overall package.   