 Mr. President, I am proud to once again join the Senators  from Arizona and New Jersey on the floor to ask for a vote on the  Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act.   We have come three times now to ask for a vote--just a vote--on this  bipartisan legislation to protect the special counsel and support the  rule of law, a bill which passed the Senate Judiciary Committee by a  vote of 14 to 7, including with the support of Chairman Grassley, to be  considered on the floor.   Each time we have come here, there has been an objection from a  Republican colleague. Each time, we have heard a reason or an excuse-- something like: This legislation just isn't needed. The President is  not imminently going to fire the special counsel. To those who believe  this bill is still unnecessary, I could give a thorough survey of the  landscape of recent days, but let me simply summarize.   There have been a whole series of filings and actions and  developments in the Mueller investigation that have made clear that the  President or his National Security Advisor or his personal attorney  lied to the FBI or lied to the American people, misrepresented the  scope and depth of the President's business contacts in Russia during  the campaign or misrepresented to the FBI ongoing contacts with  Russians. This is an effective and ongoing Federal investigation that  must be allowed to reach its conclusion.   Meanwhile, the President continues to spread misinformation and  undermine the investigation into Russian attacks on our election. He  recently suggested, with no evidence, that the special counsel and his  team are bullying witnesses into lying about collusion, tweeting, the  ``Angry Mueller Gang of Dems is viciously telling witnesses to lie  about facts & they will get relief.''   I know many of us have begun to shrug our shoulders at the  President's tweets, ignoring the ways in which his messages publicly  undermine the rule of law or discredit and attack Federal prosecutors.  I know some Members of this body have proved willing to dismiss each  new piece of information the special counsel uncovers as if it is no  big deal.   Folks, this is not politics as usual. This is not something we should  be sweeping under the rug. This is about the integrity of our  democracy, our national security, and the President of the United  States.    It is critical that this body demonstrate our ability to come  together in a mature and responsible bipartisan way to do something  about it--not to sit by and watch a potential constitutional crisis  barreling toward us and refuse to step up and act.   Our job as Members of the Senate, sworn to uphold the Constitution,  is to take reasonable, responsible, preventive action to avoid this  sort of crisis that we can see coming. I am so grateful to my  colleagues, both Republicans and Democrats--Senators Graham, Tillis,  Booker, Grassley, Feinstein, and Flake--who have worked to craft this  bill, to get it a hearing, to get it a vote, and to get it to the  floor. Yet I am so frustrated with those who continue to block the last  step, a vote on the floor.   Just last night, we saw the broadest possible coalition of Senators-- from Senator Booker and Senator Lee to Senator Durbin, Senator Graham,  and Senator Grassley--come to this floor and lead a successful final  vote on criminal justice reform. If we can do that, overcoming decades  of divisive politics on race and criminal justice, why can't we do  this? This cannot wait. The moment to act is now. The American people  deserve an explanation as to why we can't act on this most important  point.   Mr. President, before I yield the floor to my colleague of New  Jersey, I want to conclude with a few words about my colleague and my  friend Jeff Flake. When we look back at the history of this time, with  the hindsight of history, it is my hope and it is my belief that  Senator Flake will be recognized as someone who put country over party  at a moment when it mattered. He follows a long line of Republicans  whose mettle has been tested by the turmoil of their times--names I was  raised on, such as Wendell Willkie, the Republican's nominee for  President, who agreed to support President Roosevelt's controversial  plan to send aid to Britain at a turning point in World War II, even  though it was the height of a Presidential campaign. Without his  support, the plan would have failed. FDR called him a godsend to our  country.   Margaret Chase Smith, of Maine, stood up to Joe McCarthy in 1950, a  decade later. When she issued her ``Declaration of Conscience,'' she  was just a freshman.   Last, Barry Goldwater, also from Arizona, along with Republican  leaders went to the White House in August of 1974 to make it clear to  the President that he had lost their support and needed to resign.   I am a proud Democrat, but I know that no party has a monopoly on  courage or conscience. Our system only works when Members of both  parties take risks for the good of us all. I have been deeply blessed  to serve alongside and to work with Senator Flake. It is my hope that  his example will inspire others in the Congress ahead to come together  and to meet the demands of our time--protecting the rule of law,  protecting the investigation of the special counsel. Taking up and  passing this law is exactly one of those demands on which he has stood  up and for which I am grateful for his leadership.   With that, I yield to my colleague from New Jersey.   