 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the National  Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019.   I thank Chairman Thornberry and all of the members of the committee  and certainly the group known as the  [[Page H4370]]  defense hawks in this body, who fought so diligently on increasing the  top line so that this number will make a difference and change the  direction of our national security.   I also thank our subcommittee ranking member, Ms. Niki Tsongas, for  her support and contribution to this bill. The bipartisan partnership  she and her staff demonstrated in helping to craft this bill is much  appreciated.   Niki has also served with me for the last 7 years as the co-chair of  the Military Sexual Assault and Prevention Caucus. Although this will  be her last National Defense Authorization Act, her work on the  subcommittee and the caucus on sexual assault prevention will be a  strong legacy.   Within the Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Force's  jurisdiction, this bill recommends authorization of over $97 billion in  needed modernization funding that is necessary for our comparative and  competitive advantage against strategic peer competitors.   The bill again recognizes the importance of fifth-generation strike  fighter capability and supports the President's budget request for 77  Joint Strike Fighters. This bill also authorizes the Department to  procure additional F-35 aircraft if funds become available through cost  savings and program efficiencies.   I also want to take this opportunity to highlight the many foreign  partners that compromise the F-35 program, which often gets overlooked  by many. These foreign partnerships strengthen our ability to better  operate with our allies in future conflicts.   The bill includes several oversight provisions to facilitate  mitigation efforts for physiological episodes occurring in military  aircraft, to include requiring the Secretary of the Navy and the  Secretary of the Air Force to certify that any new aircraft procured  will have the most current technological advancements available to  mitigate future physiological episodes.   However, much work remains to be done to improve overall aviation  readiness and safety. Going forward, our subcommittee will conduct a  more detailed review of the investigative and governance processes  related to aviation safety mishaps.   The bill provides an additional $623 million for the JSTARS recap  program. Based on our analysis resulting from extensive committee  oversight activity, we have concluded that completely walking away from  this program imposes an unacceptable level of risk to our warfighters.   The bill recommends funding to modernize 1.5 armored brigade combat  teams, which is absolutely necessary for our Army.   For the seventh consecutive year, this bill addresses sexual assault  in the military. The bill requires the Department to create a single  office responsible for sexual offender registration; expands expedited  transfer rights for victims of sexual assault; and further empowers the  Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense  of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces.    This bill also protects our servicemembers and their families by  closing a gap in the way the Department prescribes controlled  substances. The bill requires the Department to share more information  with State prescription drug monitoring programs to combat the opioid  epidemic.   Finally, I would like to recognize the role small businesses plays.  The Small Business Innovation Research Program is highlighted and is  bolstered in this.   Mr. Chairman, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill.   