 Mr. President, I was happy to welcome back our colleagues  this week from Thanksgiving and come back to work. A lot of stuff needs  to be done and have some fresh energy and maybe some fresh ideas, but I  hope my colleagues were able to get home for Thanksgiving and spend  time with their families. I like to say the thing I like about  Thanksgiving--it is my favorite holiday, and people ask why. It  [[Page S7166]]  has my six favorite F words: family, faith, friends, food, fun,  football, among others. What is not to like about that--especially  football that was played in Columbus, OH, on Saturday afternoon. I hope  all Americans were able to enjoy some combination of those things over  the holiday weekend.   You may be like me and many others across the country who took the  long weekend to unplug a bit by turning off our phone, maybe turning  off cable news, too, so we could reconnect with loved ones, but while  many Americans were recharging--enjoying a good meal with family and  friends, maybe watching a football game or doing some early Christmas  shopping--some major news broke over the weekend.   Last Friday, on the day after Thanksgiving, 13 Federal agencies  released a nearly 1,700-page report highlighting the devastating  impacts climate change will have over the next 80 years if we do not  change course now. The report was a dire warning to our Nation and to  our planet but one we might have easily missed while celebrating the  holiday with family and friends, and I am sure a lot of people did miss  it.   I suspect the fact that this major report was released on Friday of a  holiday weekend was not an accident. After all, the report, which was  put together by experts from over a dozen agencies within the Trump  administration, spells out the very real and very serious consequences  of climate change--a global crisis that our President has repeatedly  called a hoax. In fact, just yesterday the President said he is not  among the so-called believers who see climate change as a pressing  problem.   Luckily, we don't have to just blindly believe in climate change. We  can look at the facts. Despite the Trump administration's best efforts  to bury this report on a Friday afternoon, Friday evening, of a holiday  weekend, those of us based in reality are going to make sure the clear  facts in it are broadcast far and wide.   This particular report took not a year, not 2 years but 3 years to  write. It was written by more than 300 Federal experts, non-Federal  experts as well, who volunteered their time. It was only finalized  after an extensive public outreach and interagency review process. This  report wasn't thrown together to push any agenda. It is a scientific  report, and its conclusions should be important to every person, not  just living in my State or the 49 or 50 States but everybody who lives  on this planet because it has implications for every single one of us.   I would like to take a few minutes this afternoon to go over some of  the highlights of the report. Why don't we start with extreme weather.  People ask: What do you mean by extreme weather? I mean, measuring  rainfall by feet, not by inches. I am talking about fires in States on  the west coast, especially where the amount of land being consumed by  the fires is almost the size of my State of Delaware. I am talking  about the number of 500-year floods that are occurring every other year  or every year. I am talking about the number of category 5 hurricanes  that we have now compared to what it was 10, 20, 30, 40, 50 years ago.   According to the latest report--which was, again, released by the  Trump administration--climate change will continue to increase and  intensify extreme weather events in the years to come. Over the last 3  years alone, extreme weather events have cost the United States nearly  $400 billion in damages due to storm surges, due to flooding, due to  wildfires, and due to crop freezes and crop droughts. So it has cost  the U.S. Treasury $400 billion, and it comes at a time when our budget  deficits are going up. The budget deficit picked up between the last  administration and this administration, I think, somewhere--maybe $500  billion--a huge amount of money. Last year's deficit on this  administration was, as I recall, maybe $750 billion. I am told the  expectation for the budget deficit in this year is maybe as much as  $950 billion. It wasn't that long ago that the budget for our whole  country was less than that.   Why is $400 billion in damages from extreme weather important? We  don't have the money. We are borrowing this money, and these young  pages and their children will get to pay for that someday. That is not  fair.   More powerful and more frequent extreme weather events will increase  that figure exponentially and also have far-reaching impacts on people  in every corner of this country and well beyond the borders of our  country.   Say someone happens to live in the Southwest. In 2017, Phoenix, AZ,  set a new record of nearly 200 days with temperatures of at least 90  degrees Fahrenheit. Think about that, Phoenix, AZ, 200 days with  temperatures of at least 90 degrees Fahrenheit in 2017. By 2090,  Phoenix could be dealing with an additional 45 days--another month and  a half--every year, which would be about 245 days, which would be about  8 months out of the year where the temperature in Phoenix is 80 or well  above 90. That is another 6 weeks of extreme heat in addition to the  city's already recordbreaking temperatures.   Let's say somebody lives in the Southeast. Let's take Charleston, SC,  for example. Charleston, SC, experiences 38 days of tidal flooding  every year. By 2045, the city could experience 180 days of tidal  flooding every year--nearly five times the flooding that occurs today.   Let's say maybe somebody lives out West. By 2050, wildfire seasons  could burn up to six times more forest area every year. I will say that  again. That is hard to believe. By 2050, wildfire seasons could burn up  to six times more forest area every year. We have all seen the historic  and horrific devastation that fires in California have caused just this  year alone--in fact, in the last several weeks alone, tragic fires.   California is a big State. I used to live there when I was in the  Navy. Sometimes it is difficult to put into context just how big and  destructive these wildfires are. We have a poster here that I want to  refer to as a wildfire poster: This is Washington, DC, and the counties  adjacent to Washington, DC. It gives a little bit of context. Here is  the area that the recent Camp Fire in California burned in relation to  a city that all of us who serve here are pretty familiar with,  Washington, DC, and the suburbs of this city. The Camp Fire burned an  area over three times greater than Washington, DC. That is how big it  was. That is just one fire, in just one State, in 1 year. Imagine what  we are going to be facing with up to six times more forest areas  burning every single year.   Now, if the extreme weather conclusions don't make some of our  colleagues jump to action, maybe the information about the health  impacts of climate change will cause them to take some notice. This  report makes clear that increases in ozone and particle pollution will  result in an additional $26 billion every year in healthcare costs  across the country.   Here is a particularly startling statistic: Extreme hot and cold  temperatures in 49 U.S. cities are projected to result in more than  9,000 additional premature deaths per year. That is not in a far-off  developing nation. That is 9,000 more people dying right here at home  in the USA, but if our colleagues are still not swayed by this year's  impacts to American health, maybe they will be moved by the impact that  climate change will have on our country's already aging infrastructure.   I think this is probably highway transportation infrastructure, if I  am not mistaken. If we do not act, we can expect up to $26 billion in  damages to our roadways and our railways every year due to climate  change--$26 billion in damages to our roadways and our railways every  year due to climate change.   We have a poster here. There is a bridge. I am not sure where, but it  is one of many bridges. We have thousands of bridges around this  Nation. Increases in rainfall in inland areas--not on the coast but in  the middle of our country, the heartland--will threaten up to 6,000  bridges by the year 2090.   Here is a statistic we will not be able to avoid. It deals with sea  level rise. Since 1993, sea levels have risen by 3 inches. What we are  looking at by 2100, according to folks who worked for the last 3 years  on this Federal report from 13 Federal Agencies, we could be looking at  as much as 6 feet in sea level rise. If we do nothing, by 2100, we  could see sea levels rise by up to 6 feet. Those of us who lived  through Superstorm Sandy saw the absolute destruction that can be  caused by 3 inches of sea level rise. It is almost unimaginable to  think about nearly 70 inches.  [[Page S7167]]    Maybe that is still not alarming enough to get some people's  attention. Perhaps the impacts on our farmers and ranchers might sway  my colleagues. Let me mention something in that regard. According to  this report--the same Federal report--more frequent and intense rains,  combined with rising temperatures, are likely to reduce agriculture  production in the Midwest to 1980 levels. Roll back the clock to the  levels of production in 1980 in the Midwest--that is where we were.   I have a corn and soybean poster here. When it comes to crops that  agricultural communities depend on, such as corn and soybeans, which  are big in my State, farmers could see reduced yields of up to 25  percent.   Maybe some of our colleagues don't come from States with a large  agricultural sector, where it is important. Perhaps an economic impact  might move them to action.   Climate change could mean up to $500 billion in economic losses every  year by 2090. Let me say that again. Climate change could mean up to  $500 billion in economic losses every year by 2090. Additionally,  almost 2 billion labor hours are projected to be lost by 2090 due to  the impacts of extreme temperatures. That alone would cost an  additional $160 billion in lost wages.   Here is a stark statistic: Climate change could slash up to 10  percent of our gross domestic product by 2100. Let's put that into  context. Ten years ago, when we fell into the great recession--worst  recession since the Great Depression--we had half of the losses in  gross domestic product that we are looking at from climate change that  goes unchecked. According to this report, climate change could slash up  to 10 percent of our gross domestic product by 2100. That is more than  double the losses of the great recession.   Many of our colleagues were here during the great recession. We saw  what happened. Unemployment was over 10 percent. Banks basically  stopped lending. Access to capital was greatly impeded. Trade slowed  down dramatically. It was a miserable time. We fought very hard to get  out of it. We are now in the ninth longest running economic expansion  in the history of the country, and stuff like this is not going to help  extend that recovery. To refuse to act would be to willingly usher in  an economic calamity twice as painful as the great recession.   The numbers and facts don't lie. The reality of climate change is  scary, especially for coastal States like mine--the lowest lying State  in our country. Our State is sinking instead of rising.   The facts that this report so clearly lays out affect all of us. It  doesn't matter whether you are from a coastal State, like some of us,  or from a landlocked State, like our Presiding Officer--if you care  about public health or the environment or if you care about our economy  or national security, this report says that every sector of our economy  and every person living in this country will be affected by climate  change if we do nothing.   As I see it, we have a couple of options. We can take up this fight  and get serious about addressing and adapting to climate change, or we  can stick our heads in the sand, as some would do, ignore the facts,  and do nothing, dooming our children and our grandchildren to live in a  world that is less healthy, less safe, less stable, and less  economically vibrant. I say, let's fight. My hope is that our  colleagues will join us and not fight against one another but fight  against this threat we all face.   We have one planet. President Macron from France was down the hall  about 2 years ago and spoke to a joint session of Congress. There is no  plan B. We have the only planet. It is the one we have been given to  take care of by our Heavenly Father, and we need to take that  responsibility seriously.   All right. That is the bad news. That is a lot of bad news in 10  minutes. Before I yield to my friend from Florida, I will say this:  There is some good news too. The good news is, there are ways to  address these challenges--the economic challenges, the agricultural  challenges, the flooding challenges, the temperature challenges. There  is a way to do it. Among the smart ways to do it is to reduce the  emission of carbon in this country.   The good news is, we can do that by adding and creating jobs. Two  hundred million people went to work in this country today--roughly 200  million. Three million people went to work in jobs where they are  involved in renewable energy, energy conservation--things that help  save our planet and preserve the quality of life on our planet. There  are a lot more jobs we can add in that kind of work, including building  vehicles that run on batteries--and we are making great progress--and  vehicles that run on hydrogen and fuel cells. The only waste product  from those vehicles is water. You can drink it.   There are ways to address all these threats in a way that is  economically viable. We don't have to choose between all this doom and  gloom and a strong economy; we can address the doom and gloom and add a  lot of jobs, and we ought to do this. It is going to be a win-win. We  ought to seize the day.   I thank my colleague from Florida for his patience with me here  today. I don't know if I will have a chance to stand here this close  with him again before he prepares to head off into the sunset. He and I  were privileged to serve together in the House. He was at one time  treasurer and insurance commissioner of his State, and I was treasurer  of Delaware. We walked the path together for a long time, and he has  been a great servant of the people of Florida for many years. I have  always been proud to stand next to him, and I am especially proud  today.   I am happy to yield to my friend from Florida.   