 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, last week, I spent 4 days in Venezuela. I  had never been there before. I was given an opportunity to get a visa  to go to the country, and I jumped at the opportunity. Venezuela, of  course, on the north end of the South American continent, is a constant  source of concern in the United States and the region, and I wanted to  see for myself what was happening. No doubt, many are aware that  Venezuela has been suffering devastating economic and democratic  backsliding, but what I found was a country that is on the edge of  collapse, facing overlapping economic, humanitarian, and political  crises.   On the economic side, Venezuela has so many positive things. It is  rich in natural beauty, oil, minerals, and human talent, but it has  seen its economy run into the ground by mindless price controls,  multiple exchange rates, and gross mismanagement. Inflation is rampant  and expected to reach 13,000 percent this year, leading to what some  call ``a race for survival.''   Imagine walking down the main street of Caracas and seeing long lines  at every ATM. Why are they there? Because each day, the residents of  Venezuela must go to the ATM machine with their credit card or debit  card and take out the maximum withdrawal allowed. It is hundreds of  thousands of Bolivars, which sound like more money than you could  possibly need, but it translates into 20 cents--waiting an hour at an  ATM machine for 20 cents' worth of currency so that you can ride the  bus back and forth to work. That is what life is like in the capital of  Venezuela.   They have universally discredited and arbitrary price controls that  are eerily reminiscent of the failed policies in Cuba and the Soviet  Union. They have decimated local production and left basic goods  unavailable or unaffordable.   I went down the main street in Caracas and saw many shops but no  customers. Basic goods were available--shampoo or diapers, for  example--but they cost the equivalent of 2 or 3 months of salary. We  stopped and did a translation at one store that isn't under price  controls, and we found that a pound of hamburger costs $4, which  doesn't sound bad, except that that is the minimum monthly wage in  Venezuela--for a pound of hamburger. People waited in long lines.  [[Page S2051]]    Rampant inflation--hyperinflation, really--has made actual cash  scarce, and near worthless when it can actually be found. I have never  visited a country where I never touched their currency. They warned me  against it. They said: If you buy things here, as a tourist, you are  going to pay 20 times what local people pay. They have exchange rates  that are bizarre and change by the minute. These people live with this  every single day.   The government of Maduro stages raids into formal grocery stores to  impose arbitrary price controls, leaving the owners unable to stock  their shelves or run a functioning business. If there is a rumor that  there are eggs for sale somewhere in Caracas, there is a rush to that  location, and people wait for hours in the hopes that they can buy  eggs.   As a result, informal markets are springing up trying to meet the  people's demands. Yet even while I walked through these markets, I saw  long lines. From the second floor in the back, in the dark, there was a  long line waiting. I went to the front to see what they were waiting  for. They wanted to buy toilet paper.   Business leaders told me that they are being vilified by the  government, forced to sell products below cost and out of markets so  the government can be the exclusive seller of imported goods.   Listen to this. They also shared stories of workers fainting on the  job from hunger. Of particular concern, one of the largest employers in  Venezuela said they decided they had to start bringing fruit to the  workplace in the morning so their workers could get something to eat.  When they fainted, it was not only dangerous to them but to people  around them, and they wanted to keep their workers awake. Only one out  of three people in Venezuela eats three meals a day. There are children  fainting at school.    The government has run the state oil industry into collapse, treating  it as its cash cow and as a way to line their pockets. Currently, there  is little or no investment in the oil industry, the national oil  industry of Venezuela. There is little or no maintenance, and there is  a mass exodus of skilled personnel and engineers. What would an  engineer working for a Venezuelan national oil company earn in the  course of a year? Dramatically more than most Venezuelans--$1,700 a  year in annual income. What do they earn in other countries in Latin  America with the same skills? They would earn an average income of  $85,000 a year. Is it any surprise they are leaving?   It is also no surprise that the country is suffering a heartbreaking  humanitarian crisis, one that is notable for malnutrition and a  breakdown of basic public health. Brave and dedicated healthcare  workers--and I have met some; NGO leaders told me of a shortage of  vaccines with outbreaks of measles and diphtheria that haven't been  seen for decades. Malaria is at record levels.   When the public health officials gave me a briefing on the public  health crisis of Venezuela, they said that the maternal mortality  rate--the death of mothers--is at the level it was 50 years ago, the  early 1960s. The same thing is true for infant mortality--that high a  level. You have to go to South Sudan, Yemen, or Syria to find  comparable public health crises, and those three countries are all at  war. Venezuela is at war with itself. In fact, one expert said that the  outbreak of measles, diphtheria, and malaria was the worst he had seen,  certainly the worst in all of South America.   With Venezuelans flooding into neighboring countries, many of them  are spreading diseases that have been cured in so many countries around  the world. Basic diabetes, asthma, and HIV treatments are simply not  available. For 4 months now, HIV patients have not been given  medication.   A staggering number of hospitals cannot perform basic services. Many  do not have any capacity to perform a blood test. There are no x ray  machines available on a 24/7 basis. Many of them don't have  electricity. Some do not even have clean water.   Venezuelans are suffering malnutrition, and it is particularly acute  for children, who suffer for a lifetime due to stunted brain  development. One expert said that the rates of malnutrition have  affected more than 8 percent of the population. In some areas, the  percentage of people suffering from malnutrition is as high as 15  percent. You can see it on the streets of Caracas. When you look at the  public parks, you see these children--thin limbs, spindly legs and  arms, and you think to yourself: These kids are not getting enough to  eat.   It is hard to know precisely about all of these statistics because  the government has officially stopped collecting and releasing  information. They leave it up to private organizations.   What I found particularly cruel is the government's supposed effort  to help with hunger. A provision of a monthly food basket was linked to  having the right political identification card. Sadly, these food boxes  are imported. Someone is making a lot of money in that process, with  corrupt middlemen taking a cut at multiple steps along the way, all to  provide a politically manipulated lifeline that meets only 7 of the 12  basic food needs.   The regime has also linked these food rations to polling stations  during elections, which brings me to the third overlapping crisis, a  democratic crisis. Let me acknowledge that Hugo Chavez did, in fact,  win his initial terms in democratic elections. He tapped into public  disenchantment with the failure of traditional governing parties to  address the deep chasms of poverty in Venezuela. He even said ``I am  not the cause, I am the consequence,'' referring to his rise to power.  But his election, like that of so many other autocrats at heart, also  brought the steady dismantling of the country's democracy, a path  followed by the current President.   You see, in Venezuela, political parties that look threatening are  arbitrarily banned. Political opponents who appear to be popular are  jailed or exiled or just plain disqualified from running for office.  Government institutions, like the Venezuelan election commission, are  simply political tools of the regime. The rule of law has collapsed.   In 2015, the opposition won a sweeping victory in legislative  elections. What happened next? The President of Venezuela, Maduro,  installed an illegitimate rubberstamp constituent assembly to usurp the  legitimately elected National Assembly. It was his way of stopping his  opponents. The supreme court and national election council are stacked  with partisan cronies who do whatever the regime asks, regardless of  the law.   Now, with the country on the edge of economic collapse, the President  has called for a snap election on May 20--more than 6 months before it  traditionally would be held. He wants to move quickly, for fear that he  might lose. Maduro doesn't want to risk losing even under a rigged  system, so he is rushing forward with this election that doesn't even  come close to meeting established international standards.    What I found, and bears repeating, is that the critics of the  Venezuelan Government regime and their actions are not confined to the  United States or Canada. They include Central American countries like  Panama and South American countries, which have expressed their  displeasure with Maduro's actions, as well as the European Union's  displeasure. The parties and candidates still remain arbitrarily  banned. There is zero trust in discredited election commissions, and  registration and voting processes have been dramatically manipulated.   I met with some of the opposition leaders, and they told me what  happens when people try to vote. They have to go through an elaborate  process with a machine to register to vote. It is controlled. It takes  too much time. It limits the opposition from registering their voters.  There is little time for a legitimate campaign, especially with  government control of the media. Reputable, long-term election monitors  are nowhere to be seen, and none seem to be planned for the actual  election, either.   Under these conditions, how can any such election be credible? If  President Maduro proceeds with this May 20 election under these  circumstances, he is going to find Venezuela further isolated.   Amid these deeply troubling and ominous conditions, I nonetheless met  many brave and dedicated Venezuelans who are trying to endure and  reverse this horrible situation. Doctors, nurses, civic leaders,  business people,  [[Page S2052]]  politicians, and so many others are sharing food and medicine, running  for office and facing the threat of arrest or exile, documenting human  rights abuses in the shrinking media state, trying to run businesses in  a broken economy. It is an incredible act of courage each day.   I also met with former political prisoners, political opposition  members, and their families who are under constant threat or already  under some kind of arrest. I would name them here, but to do so would  put them in danger in Venezuela. I was moved by their dedication and  humanity.   I am haunted by the comments of one group of young idealists. Over  dinner Friday night in Caracas, they talked about the future. They  said: If we called the same group of five opposition leaders together a  year from now, we would be lucky if three showed up. Two of us will be  exiled or jailed between now and then. That is what they face by being  political opponents of the current regime. I fear how many of  Venezuela's most talented will be sacrificed under these conditions.   The regime is also tragically holding a U.S. citizen, Josh Holt of  Utah, on criminal charges. The charges are nonsense. I visited with  Josh Holt in his prison. The prison is known locally as hell on earth.  Josh and his Venezuelan wife have served 21 months, with no end in  sight, and they still haven't gone through the criminal process. He is  suffering, and he should be. It is understandable. He is clearly being  held as a political hostage. I appealed to the President and every  member of the government to release this young man and his Venezuelan  wife and her daughter so that they could come back to the United  States. Keeping Josh Holt as a political hostage will just isolate the  Maduro regime even more. I am one of a bipartisan group of Members in  Congress who will continue to push for his immediate release.   Lastly, I want to note that every time I go on one of these trips  overseas, including to some of the most far-flung corners of the globe,  I am always moved by the group of talented Americans working for us and  representing us; those are the men and women in our Embassies, without  exception. Under the Charge d'Affaires, Todd Robinson, our Embassy team  in Caracas is a point of great pride and outstanding public service.  The conditions under which they are forced to operate are  extraordinarily stressful.   There was some small hope that negotiations led by the Vatican and  regional leaders or most recently hosted in the Dominican Republic  could lead to some kind of path forward between the Venezuelan  Government and the opposition before it is too late, but all of these  have failed. Some hoped years ago that a group known as the Boston  Group--American and Venezuelan elected officials--might be the  beginning of a dialogue and might be continued to this day, but it is  increasingly difficult to see that possibility. I met some of the  Venezuelan Boston Group members. Several of them are deeply committed  to this administration currently in power. Many of them talk about  changes that need to be made in Venezuela. I haven't given up hope  completely that there may be some voices that can move this country  back to a civilized status.   Let me be clear in my concluding message to the Venezuelan  Government, specifically, a message that they should proceed with an  election that meets the following basic standards: All political  prisoners must be released, and all candidates and parties must be  allowed to compete. There must be at least 6 months for a legitimate  campaign. The national election council should be restructured and led  by a credible group of professionals on an evenly divided partisan  basis so that it isn't loaded for one party or another. There must be  no linking of food with voting or political party affiliation. The  National Assembly must have its powers restored. Credible international  and local election monitors must be allowed to observe preelection and  actual election processes, with full accreditation and access. Going  forward otherwise will only bring more suffering to the people of  Venezuela and more isolation to their nation.   Republicans and Democrats don't agree on much these days, certainly  not here in Washington on Capitol Hill, but we do agree that Venezuela  and the consequences of President Maduro's regime continue to lead that  nation down a negative path, a path of suffering.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. Duckworth)  is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. Duckworth)  is necessarily absent.   