 Mr. Speaker, I am concerned that the President of the  United States is engaged in a massive campaign of deception that  threatens to upend U.S. policy towards Crimea, shake confidence in U.S.  global leadership, and override the stated will of the United States  Congress.   This dangerous precedent set in Crimea cannot be overstated. Putin's  forcible and illegal annexation of Crimea, the first forcible seizure  of territory in Europe since World War II, undermines Ukrainian  sovereignty and threatens the stability of European borders.   Acquiescence on the part of the United States threatens the security  of sovereign nations. Who is next? Moldova? Georgia? The Baltic States?   It is the longstanding policy of the United States not to recognize  territorial changes effected by force, as dictated by the Stimson  Doctrine established in 1932 by then Republican Secretary of State  Henry Stimson.   We upheld that doctrine with the issuance of the Welles Declaration  in 1940, which stated emphatically that the United States would not  recognize the illegal annexation of the Baltic States by then the  Soviet Union. That policy remained in effect for 50 long years.   For more than 50 years, we stood by the Baltic Republics of Estonia,  Lithuania, and Latvia, sometimes in the face of ridicule. Today, they  are independent sovereign states and good members of NATO. The  collective wisdom of the previous and current administrations,  Congress, our European allies, and the American public is that similar  principles must be adopted with respect to Crimea.   Crimea was Putin's original violation in the Ukraine, and we have  limited credibility objecting to Russia's subsequent invasion of the  Luhansk and Donetsk if we do not stand firm with respect to Crimea.   The Obama administration established a nonrecognition policy toward  Russian sovereignty over Crimea and levied sanctions against  individuals and entities enabling Russia's occupation. Our allies in  Europe stood with us shoulder to shoulder in emphasizing and enforcing  those sanctions.   Congress codified President Obama's Crimea sanctions and has  repeatedly used the power of the purse to prohibit the use of  government funds for any action that would recognize the de jure or de  facto illegal annexation of Crimea.    And in the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act,  Congress reiterated its support for the Stimson Doctrine and its  application to the illegal invasions by Russia and occupations of  Abkhazia and South Ossetia in Georgia, Crimea, and eastern Ukraine, and  the Transnistria region of Moldova. Even the State Department for the  current administration has reiterated our nonrecognition policy and  enforced Crimea sanctions.   But through all of this, one man stands alone atop his bully pulpit  with opaque intentions and armed with an arsenal of half-truths and  downright lies. That person is the President of the United States,  Donald Trump.   I do not particularly care that Donald Trump personally admires  Vladimir Putin. Everyone needs a role model. However, President Trump's  willful ignorance of the crisis in the Ukraine has had him repeat  propaganda and support policies that are so foreign that they would  make Mr. Putin very happy.   It was candidate Trump who said both ``Crimea has been taken'' and  Putin is ``not going into Ukraine.'' I will not attempt to untangle the  contradictions therein. I trust President Trump has had time to study  and understand why his comments betrayed a shockingly tenuous grasp of  U.S. foreign policy and our increasingly dangerous geopolitical  climate.   As Commander in Chief, the President has since had time to learn more  about the situation in the Crimea and eastern Ukraine. Unfortunately,  he has learned all the wrong lessons and has adopted a confrontational  approach to current U.S. policy regarding Crimea.   In justifying his position, the President has repeated several myths,  some of which were no doubt originated by the Kremlin's own propaganda  machine.   Myth number one: The people of Crimea have said they preferred  Russia--only in a referendum in an occupied Crimea with Russian troops  all over the state. No referendum has validity at the end of a barrel  of a gun.  [[Page H6049]]    Myth number two: The demographics of Crimea demand they be part of  Russia because most of them speak Russian. I am sure Russian speaking  populations in the Baltic Republics revolt at that kind of notion. And  the claim also erases history because Crimean Tatars were forcibly  removed from Crimea by the dictator Stalin.   This is the President's most insidious myth, the third one;  recognizing Crimea could help improve relations with Russia.    I don't think so. Russia has a much more extensive  agenda.    It is time for the United States to recognize----    * * *.   