 Mr. Speaker, I thank Leader McCarthy for introducing this  resolution.   It is important to underscore how seriously we must take the right  for American citizens to vote. Several cities have granted the right to  vote in local elections to those who are not citizens of the United  States. San Francisco is allowing illegal aliens and other noncitizens  to vote in certain local elections.   It is still illegal for noncitizens to vote in Federal elections, and  rightly so. Twelve States plus the District of Columbia allow illegal  aliens to obtain driver's licenses, eight of them offering voter  registration at the time of getting that license, popularly called the  ``motor voter laws.''   It is easy to see how illegal voting can occur. Illegal voting does  not have to be widespread or number in the millions for it to make a  real impact on our elections. In Ohio alone, there were 199 races or  issues that were tied or decided by just 1 vote in the last 5 years.   Recent incidents of illegals attempting to vote in Federal elections  have been in the news. Just last month, 19 foreign nationals were  indicted in North Carolina for illegally voting in the 2016 election.  In Ohio, seven were indicted for illegal voting in our elections.   Voter fraud is a serious crime. We have to take the integrity of our  elections seriously. It is not just a matter of simple mistakes or a  handful of improper votes. These elections determine the direction and  policies of our cities, States, and the Nation. We must recognize the  effect that allowing illegal immigrants to vote has on our right as  Americans to self-determination.   Recently, I introduced the Ensuring American Voters Act, which would  shore up potential gaps in our voter registration system like States  that have the motor voter laws and give illegal aliens driver licenses.   Typically, when you register to vote, you have to show proof of  residency. More importantly, in my legislation you would have to show  proof of citizenship. Some say this isn't a problem, but when you don't  really require proof of citizenship, how do we know the extent of the  problem?   As the gentleman from California, Leader McCarthy, rightly says, it  devalues the franchise and diminishes the voting power of American  citizens. This is a commonsense resolution that emphasizes current  Federal law, barring noncitizens from voting in Federal elections.   A recent poll by Rasmussen shows nearly 70 percent of American people  agree.   I want to thank Leader McCarthy for introducing this legislation, and  I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.   