 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague for yielding  me time to voice my opposition to the rule which provides for  consideration of H.R. 200.   As it is currently written, H.R. 200 would undermine the conservation  gains we have made over the last 2 decades under the Magnuson-Stevens  Act, MSA, to prevent overfishing and encourage sustainable fisheries  management.   Before reforms were made to the MSA in 1996 and 2006, many fisheries  lacked the sustainable quotas and requirements to rebuild depleted  stocks. As a result, countless fisheries and fishermen around the  country suffered the consequences.   Since Congress changed the law to ensure science-based quotas  applied, 44 fisheries around the country have now been restored to  healthy levels. The number of stocks that remain overfished is at an  all-time low.   H.R. 200 would weaken core sustainability provisions of the MSA. This  is a misguided attempt to provide recreational fishermen short-term  access at the needless expense of both commercial fishermen and the  long-term health of our fisheries. This hurts our coastal communities  and businesses that depend on a robust fishing industry and its  products.   Additionally, H.R. 200 fails to sufficiently fund stock assessments  to ensure effective and efficient management of our Nation's fisheries.   I offered an amendment to authorize an additional $25 million for  stock assessments. These funds would allow NOAA to conduct more fishery  surveys, which would yield better data and can help reduce the buffers  on fishing quotas.   With this funding and research, fishermen can increase their catch  rate, while decreasing the uncertainty in the sustainability of a  fishery. Unfortunately, the majority at the Rules Committee decided not  to make my amendment in order--let me repeat that--decided not to make  my amendment in order, which would have allowed the House to debate  this important issue.    Mr. Speaker, as a Representative serving the vibrant Central Coast  commercial fishing industry in California.    I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this rule.    Mr. Speaker, I, too, am an immigrant to this country.  [[Page H6102]]    What has become evident is the cruel, self-imposed crisis that this  administration has created. It has created a chaotic process for  detaining and separating children from their families.   This is an administration that has now missed the court's order to  start reuniting children, something that is unacceptable. We are  talking about more than 2,000 children, kids that remain separated from  their families.   About a week ago, I visited the El Tornillo detention center in  Texas. I saw firsthand the conditions in which these children are being  detained. I spoke to the children firsthand to get their own personal  thoughts on what was going on.   They talked to me in detail about how they were woken up at 5 a.m. in  a regimented fashion. They were rushed through showers and made to take  showers in less than 5 minutes. They were given only 10 to 15 minutes  once or twice a day for recreation, because they are out in the middle  of the desert where it is extremely, extremely hot.   This administration has said that they are on track to reunite  children with their families, but there is no clear plan. There are no  details. There is a Department of Homeland Security four-point plan to  nowhere that has been put forth. In this plan, there are no details.  There is really an absence of a coherent process that will reunite  these children with their families. This is unacceptable.   This is a self-imposed crisis and a cruel crisis that has been  created by this administration. This is why we need a congressional  hearing and oversight to get to the bottom of this and to really show  the American people how misguided this policy has been and the inhumane  conditions that have resulted from this policy.   America was once that beacon on the hill other countries looked to,  in terms of how we treated our immigrants and those seeking shelter and  asylum. We have lost that moral ground, because this administration has  sought to destroy the values and ideals that our country has held up  high for decades and centuries.   We also need legislation because, clearly, this administration  reminded us that their zero-tolerance policy could be put in effect and  implemented any other day again.   What this administration has done is un-American. This President has  chosen to divide us again as a country, to go after the most  vulnerable, and to go after immigrants in the most inhumane way. This  is not the United States that we all love and care for.   