 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4258, the Family Self-Sufficiency Act of 2017,  makes several commonsense improvements to HUD's Family Self-Sufficiency  program, or FSS, which is the only asset-building program at HUD to  help increase economic opportunities for its low-income households.   Anecdotally, Mr. Speaker, when I was a commissioner of a housing  authority many years ago, I saw this program in action. It deals with  one of the challenges of what happens to a family as their incomes go  up and they find it increasingly hard to invest and save because their  rents typically go up.   Mr. Speaker, this bill expands the scope of supportive services  provided to residents to include GED training, education, and pursuit  of a post-secondary degree or certification and training in financial  literacy.   The bill also expands the program to include families who live in  privately owned properties and ensures that low-  [[Page H181]]  income families can continue to participate in this program as their  incomes increase. This is a particularly important improvement since  under current law, once a family reaches 50 percent of area median  income, they no longer are able to accrue additional savings in their  escrow accounts. This bill fixes that issue.    This bill is an important step in the right direction, and I hope we  can continue to find ways to expand this very successful program beyond  the current 72,000 households it can serve.   I am glad to see that my friend from Wisconsin and my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle recognize the success of this voluntary  program, and I hope we can work together to find ways to improve it and  to give energy to other programs which allow people to lift themselves  out of lower income circumstances.   Mr. Speaker, this bill was passed out of committee 58-0. I urge my  colleagues to support the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr.  Cleaver).    Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Wisconsin for his support of this  bill and the kind things he said about it.   Mr. Speaker, the American Innovation $1 Coin Act addresses the  decreasing numismatic coin sales resulting from the discontinuation of  the Presidential $1 coin series.   When enacted, this bill will first commission the U.S. Mint to create  a year-long introductory coin series bearing the semblance of George  Washington's signature on the first patent.   The bill will then direct the Mint to release four $1 coins each  year, as my friend from Wisconsin said, featuring a great American  innovation from each State over the next 14 years. Coins will be issued  in alphabetical order, starting with Alabama. State innovations will be  chosen with input from State Governors, territory executives, the  Commission of Fine Arts, and the Citizens Coinage Advisory Committee.   Mr. Speaker, I am particularly excited about the concept of  commemorating and honoring innovation. As Mr. Duffy has said, this is  one of the core strengths of our country. We have fights across the  aisle, as we should, over our economy and where this government  intervenes. I think we agree that one of the key strengths of the  United States is our entrepreneurial capacity and the remarkable  innovations that come out of all 50 States and the territories of the  United States.   It is right that, in some small way, we honor those innovations and  those innovators who help our economy grow, give us competitive  advantage, and make us all proud to be part of the United States of  America.   Mr. Speaker, these coins will be sold as a product for collectors and  minted to demand with oversight from the Treasury.   Per U.S. Mint reports, to the point made by my friend from Wisconsin,  the $1 coin costs less than 35 cents to make. As a product for  collectors, the $1 coins sell for more than face value, up to $1.32  each. That is nearly a $1 profit on every coin. Proceeds from this coin  will return money to the Treasury. In addition, the infrastructure  producing these coins is already in place.   This program will sunset once all States and territories have been  honored and cannot be resumed, except by an act of Congress.   This legislation has the support of members of the coin industry and  their local suppliers and service providers across the States,  including a number of small businesses in my district. These businesses  represent scores of small businesses and thousands of jobs around the  country.    I believe this bill will engage the public, fill the void of a  terminated coin series, help increase the Mint's profitability, and  create and sustain coin-related jobs in both public and private  sectors, all while honoring and commemorating the remarkable innovative  capacity of our country.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 770, and I thank Chairman  Hensarling, Ranking Member Waters, Chairman Barr, and Ranking Member  Moore, as well as my friend from Wisconsin, for their support and  determination to get this important bill scheduled and passed.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   