 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this week President Trump's Treasury  Secretary, Steven Mnuchin, decided that the agency will no longer  collect information on donations to political nonprofits.   This administration will no longer require 501(c)(4) organizations to  disclose their donors, including groups like the National Rifle  Association, the NRA, that operates as a nonprofit, but also spends  millions of dollars each year on lobbying and advertising to influence  our elections.   This announcement comes the same week that the Department of Justice  arrested and charged a known Russian foreign agent who had infiltrated  the NRA, an organization that has received thousands of dollars from  Russian nationals since 2015. The Treasury Secretary's decision this  week only thickens the swamp by unleashing a new opportunity for dark  money and money from foreign powers to continue to flood our upcoming  midterm elections.   I believe that we need more transparency in our elections, not less.  While super PACs are currently required to disclose donors, now  501(c)(4)s are not. If you were a donor looking to influence elections  and wanted to hide your identity, the underlying bill is currently  making 501(c)(4) organizations an even more attractive way to conceal  contributions.   There is a provision in today's appropriations package that prohibits  the IRS--prohibits the IRS--from issuing guidance on whether an  organization is operating exclusively for the promotion of social  welfare purposes, as written in the IRS code for 501(c)(4) nonprofits,  to ensure that no one is abusing our Tax Code to influence our  elections.   My amendment simply strikes out that provision so that the IRS may  issue guidance differentiating which groups are truly social welfare  organizations with a charitable mission from political organizations  abusing our nonprofit tax laws to hide their political donors from the  public.   More and more, our elections are being driven by organizations that  are receiving hundreds of millions of dollars in unreported, secret  donations. Dark money is strangling our democracy and silencing the  will of the American people.   In the 2012 presidential election, dark-money groups such as these  spent over a quarter of a billion dollars on partisan political  advertising and other campaign activities. In 2014, we saw the greatest  wave of secret, special-interest money ever raised in a congressional  election.   Moreover, in 2016, dark-money groups spent nearly 10 times what they  did the previous cycle, totaling over $1.1 billion, and that pattern of  undisclosed political spending continues to grow this year. These  political nonprofit organizations are receiving tax-exempt treatment  and are being allowed to corrupt Federal tax law meant to help social  welfare organizations like volunteer firefighters, rotary clubs, and  other community service groups.   Our current election laws make it impossible to know where this money  is coming from or if it is coming from foreign adversaries, like we saw  recently with the NRA. This amendment is not partisan and will only  continue to allow the IRS to identify nonprofits that are spending  significant amounts of their money to influence our elections,  regardless of their party affiliation.   Mr. Chairman, at this pivotal moment in our democracy, I urge my  colleagues who are serious about draining the swamp to take this small  step towards increased transparency in our political process.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the feedback from my colleague.   Mr. Chair, this will not detour or take away from the efficiency of  the focus of work and spending of resources by the IRS. This only does  a fundamental thing, and that is provide for more disclosure and  transparency to ensure that the American public has sunshine on who is  spending what resources through which organizations. This amendment  merely provides that transparency.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee for the gentleman  from Massachusetts (Mr. Capuano), and I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment strikes section 628 of the  underlying bill prohibiting the Securities and Exchange Commission,  SEC, from issuing rules on disclosures for corporations spending money  to influence our elections, primarily through paid advertising.   The Supreme Court's 2010 Citizens United decision means that  corporations, even foreign-controlled corporations, are now allowed to  spend unlimited amounts of money to influence American elections.   Publicly traded corporations can buy millions of dollars' worth of  TV, social media, and radio ads without disclosing their political  expenditures to their shareholders. This outside spending in our  elections has created a greater need for Members to raise more money  for their campaigns and less time legislating.   This has eroded the public's faith in our institutions and is  damaging to our democracy. Families in my district and across the  country are concerned about paying their children's tuition or medical  bills, not spending thousands of dollars to influence Federal  elections. Their voices shouldn't be drowned out by millions of dollars  of secret special-interest advertising from corporations.   A corporation's main goal is to make a profit, not to improve the  quality of life for all Americans. They shouldn't have a say in our  elections without their shareholders and the public knowing about it.   That is why we cannot muzzle the SEC's ability to issue rules  regarding disclosures for publicly traded corporations on all their  political expenditures. Stockholders and voters have been clear: They  want to know the details of the political donations of the companies  they own and give their business to. In fact, more than 1.2 million  comments have been submitted to the SEC requesting that they require  political disclosure by publicly traded companies. That is the largest  number of comments on a rule in the history of the agency.   Congress should stop standing in the way of the SEC's mission, which  is to provide transparency to the markets and the public. This  amendment does not infringe on a corporation's right to spend money on  political activity. It would just allow the SEC to disclose what money  is being spent.   This is yet another opportunity for my Republican colleagues to  prevent special interests from gaining even more pull in Washington and  begin draining that swamp. This should not be a Democrat or a  Republican issue, and it goes to the heart of our democracy and  maintaining a government that is of, by, and for the American people.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to adopt this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, this is not about shaming anyone. This  does not restrict free speech or the ability of corporations to engage  in political activity. It only allows the SEC to require disclosure of  corporate political spending, a little bit of transparency providing  disclosure to the public, so that they clearly know the companies that  they are investing their money in.   Moreover, more than 150 large companies, including more than half of  the companies in the S&P 100, are disclosing their political spending  already. Investors have filed over 300 shareholder proposals since 2011  asking companies to disclose political spending. This is all about  transparency and protecting our democracy. We should not be scared of  giving the public more information.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   