 Madam President, I want to thank the ranking member for  his comments, his friendship, and welcome him back. I look forward to  his leadership on foreign policy issues for many years.   I share his views. I have concerns about the trajectory that Saudi  Arabia is on right now. I have concerns about the war in Yemen. We have  had hearings. We have people on our committee who are trying to take  steps to deal with the war in Yemen.   Obviously, we are very upset with what has happened with the  journalist. I think a price needs to be paid. The administration today  sent out notice that they were sanctioning 17 individuals who were  involved. Hopefully, additional steps will be made.   I asked for a high-level briefing with Mattis, Pompeo, and Gina  Haspel to come in as soon as we get back, to share with us what is  happening with Saudi Arabia on both fronts, both Yemen and what is  happening as it relates to the journalist who was assassinated, in my  opinion, at the direction of the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia. I have a  lot of concerns.   I think when you have concerns, though, you address those concerns to  the people you have concerns with. Bahrain is not one of those. Bahrain  certainly has had some issues with human rights, and we have dealt with  those. It is a city state in the Persian Gulf where we have 7,800 men  and women in uniform who are protecting our interests there, who are a  buffer against Iran.   For us to block sales, offensive sales, to the country of Bahrain  that is housing one of our most important naval bases over something  that has nothing to do with them but has something to do with another  country is not a pragmatic nor a sensible step. I hope we will oppose  this. I think we will.   I understand the frustrations of the Senator from Kentucky. I do. He  shared those many times in the Foreign Relations Committee. I do  understand those, but it seems to me that taking something out on a  country that is unrelated to what is happening is a very inappropriate  and not a mature step for the U.S. Senate to take, and hopefully we  will defeat this.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I move to table the motion to discharge  S.J. Res. 65 and ask for the yeas and nays.   