 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my support for  H.R. 2410, the Sickle Cell Disease Research, Surveillance, Prevention,  and Treatment Act of 2017, that passed the U.S. House of  Representatives on February 26, 2018. Today, the House of  Representatives passed S. 2465, which is the Senate-amended version of  H.R. 2410. As a co-sponsor of H.R. 2410 and the immediate past Chair of  the Congressional Black Caucus, I rise to clarify the Congressional  intent of this important legislation.   I commend my friends, Representative Danny Davis from Illinois and  Representative Michael Burgess from Texas, for introducing H.R. 2410. I  have been a longtime advocate for those with sickle cell disease and I  am a proud co-sponsor of the bill in this Congress and in previous  Congresses.   There are approximately forty-four hundred people with sickle cell  disease in my home state of North Carolina. My hope is that someday  there will be none. Sixty-five percent of individuals with sickle cell  disease in North Carolina have at least one emergency room visit per  year--that is no way to live. We should do all we can to help improve  patients' lives, advance treatment, and find a cure.   That is why we must reauthorize the Sickle Cell Disease Treatment  Demonstration Program to enable the Secretary of the Department of  Health and Human Services to support research that will increase our  understanding of sickle cell disease, and create a grant program to  study the prevalence of sickle cell and identify ways to prevent and  treat sickle cell disease effectively.   S. 2465 makes changes to the House-approved language that warrant  clarification Notably, Sec. 2 of S. 2465 enables the awarding of grants  related to heritable blood disorders, including sickle cell disease,  for the purposes of research, surveillance, prevention, and treatment.  It is imperative to stress that the intent of this language is to  require that those grants be awarded for sickle cell disease research,  surveillance, prevention, and treatment, at minimum. It is not the  intent of the language for grants to be awarded related to other  heritable blood disorders (e.g. hemophilia) instead of or in lieu of  sickle cell disease.   Finally, Sec. 3 of S. 2465, reauthorizing the Sickle Cell Disease  Treatment Demonstration Program, is intended to provide awards related  only to sickle cell disease. It is not the intent of the legislation to  allocate awards made under Sec. 3 for other heritable diseases.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation is intended to provide critical funding  to assist those with sickle cell disease, and any awards made under  Sec. 2 or Sec. 3 of this bill must be used for sickle cell disease  response.   