 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for his help on  this legislation. I, too, agree in terms of the harbor maintenance  trust fund.   I rise in support of America's Water Infrastructure Act of 2018. This  legislation includes really important language to assist irrigators in  the Klamath Basin who are enduring another challenging drought year,  and it helps ensure we are prepared if our farmers are hit again with  severe drought conditions in the years ahead.   This bill provides the Bureau of Reclamation with the authority to  use the funds we secured earlier this year, about $10 million, to  implement measures such as groundwater pumping and other priorities for  our irrigators, and ensures that they have the authority to survive  difficult water years we may face over the next 4 years.   I also want to express, as chairman of the Energy and Commerce  Committee, our support for a couple other titles in this bill.   Title II of the legislation modernizes the Safe Drinking Water Act to  address regulatory compliance and infrastructure challenges facing  communities across our country. It brings greater investment to improve  our aging drinking water systems and supports State-led efforts in  large cities and rural communities alike.   For the first time in 22 years, Mr. Speaker, it authorizes  capitalization grants for State drinking water revolving loan funds-- $4.4 billion over 3 years, to be exact.    This is a big infrastructure bill. These loans are a crucial tool to  help communities address compliance issues and address drinking water  threats. I urge EPA to help each State realize the promise of this new  authorization.   As we brace for the horrible impacts of Hurricane Florence, I want to  point out that title II also authorizes $100 million for areas affected  by natural disasters that need help repairing their drinking water  systems to deliver clean, safe drinking water.   Our prayers are with those in the storm's path, Mr. Speaker. While  this legislation won't make them whole, it will help them recover.  [[Page H8225]]    Title III of the legislation will make substantial regulatory  improvements to the hydropower licensing process, with the goal to  deliver more clean, renewable, carbon-free, and affordable energy to  consumers. This title incorporates several important bills that passed  out of the Energy and Commerce Committee, and I am proud to support  their inclusion in this legislation before us today.   With that, I urge strong bipartisan support of the America's Water  Infrastructure Act. I thank the gentlemen on both sides of the aisle  and everyone involved for their work in getting this to the House  floor, and I urge its passage.   