 Mr. President, I wonder if my colleague will yield on  that point.    Mr. President, I appreciate the Senator from Alaska  mentioning the broad base of support, and it occurs to me that this  legislation has garnered the support of the chamber of commerce and  organized labor.    Mr. President, in an effort not to take up too much time,  the Senator from Alaska didn't mention that the International  Brotherhood of Boilermakers is for this bill. The International  Longshoremen's Association is for this bill. We have crafted  something--with the help of Democrats and the help of Republicans, with  the help of labor and business--that has brought these people together  to help us protect American maritime jobs.   I want to commend the Senator from Alaska also for the work he has  done in accommodating people.   I ask my friend, am I correct that this is not the first version we  had of this bill?    I am not going to ask my colleague to yield all of his  time to me, but I would just observe this to my friends on both sides  of the aisle. This is the kind of bipartisan legislative effort on the  part of my colleague from Alaska that ought to be rewarded.   A Member of the minority party has come to him expressing concerns,  and those concerns have largely been met at every pass. It is not like  we are trying to jam something on the part of the business community or  the far right. I just have to say to my colleague from Alaska that he  has done a heroic effort. We need a couple of more votes from people  who have, at one time or another, expressed strong support for this  legislation.    We really should send a signal to the American people  that we trust each other, that we appreciate somebody like the Senator  from Alaska who has bent over backward to make this work for America,  to make this work for labor, to make this work for the waterway  operators, and to make this work for the environment. I think this will  enhance the environmental system in our waterways all over the country.   I thank the Senator for yielding time. Once again, I just have to say  how much I admire the statesmanship of this relatively junior Senator  from Alaska in working across the aisle and making this a bill that we  ought to all be proud of.   I thank the Senator for yielding.    Mr. President, I once again rise to express my strong  support for the Coast Guard reauthorization bill and the Vessel  Incident Discharge Act, which is contained within it. I also wish to  thank the, literally, dozens and dozens and pages and pages of  organizations that have come forward and said that this is an important  piece of legislation for job creation and for those people who want to  make a living on our waterways in this vital, vital aspect of our  economy.   To pick up on something we were mentioning a few moments ago, not  only does this legislation have the support of the chamber of commerce,  business associations around the country, and job creation associations  around the country, it has the support of the International Association  of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, the International Brotherhood of  Boilermakers, the International Longshoremen's Association, the  International Union of Operating Engineers, and Metal Trades AFL-CIO  and Maritime Trades AFL-CIO. I could go on and on, pointing out that  this legislation has the support of both labor and management.   I appreciate people of diverse political ideologies coming together  on something that is going to make it easier to do commerce in the  United States. I just hope we can get the 60 votes we require for  consensus here in this body. I know we are close. We have 60 people who  have, at one time or another, expressed support for this legislation,  and I hope we can come together in a convergence in a few moments when  we vote for this.   I want to discuss a couple of misconceptions that keep floating  around about the ballast water, incidental water issue.   First, some people are saying that the bill lowers the environmental  standards for ballast water. Of course, nothing could be further from  the truth. Why would these organizations come forward with this if we  are going to lower the standards? The very language of the bill  preserves current Federal standards. Also, the bill includes what is  already in the law; that is, the Environmental Protection Agency will  have a principal role in setting the national standard for ballast  water discharge.   The new standards and requirements would be based upon a term of art,  and the term of art in the language is ``best available technology  economically achievable,'' BATEA. This term comes straight out of our  current Clean Water Act. It is already there. But in the Vessel  Incidental Discharge Act--which we hope we can bring to the floor in a  few moments--the best available technology would be mandated for this  new, nationwide standard. This standard would, of course, be enforced  by the Coast Guard, but it would be developed by the EPA according to  the most stringent, scientifically available standards we could  possibly have.   What we are trying to do in this regard is free up commerce--free up  working men and women, free up people trying to create more jobs in the  maritime industry--from complying with a myriad of different  requirements as we go State to State to State. Some 25 different States  have a little bit of a nuanced approach to this. As you can imagine, if  you are in the barge business or in the maritime business, it is almost  impossible to comply with 25 separate standards. This would set one  standard across the country, but it would be at the best available  technology. So please, don't anyone think this is some sort of lesser  technology. This is the best.   According to the very wording of the bill that we are asking the  Senate to vote on today, EPA concurrence is required for these  regulations to be established. It would not be able to be enforced  unless EPA comes in and blesses it. And EPA would have a principal role  in developing the proposed regulations.   Let me say a word or two about the Great Lakes. This seems to be a  matter of concern and misunderstanding. There is a myth that this  somehow harms the Great Lakes. I have to commend the principal author  of this legislation and the Senator from Alaska, who is currently  occupying the Chair, for being willing to accommodate our friends from  the Great Lakes during this process. The Great Lakes gets a little  extra treatment in this bill because of concerns they have raised.   Here is what will happen if we pass this bill. All vessels entering  the Great Lakes will need to flush their ballast water before entering.  The only ballast water then being discharged by Great Lakes vessels  will be water that they have taken in from the Great Lakes. They have  to flush their ballast tanks before coming in. That is an accommodation  we have made to bring our friends from the Great Lakes into this issue.  According to this bill, the Coast Guard, in concurrence with the EPA,  would be required to establish best management practices specifically  tailored to the Great Lakes.   I would just say to my friends, let's talk about the facts, but  please don't make up arguments that are not based in fact. This  legislation, if it passes--and I still think we have an opportunity to  get 60 votes and move on to considering the substance--would use the  best scientifically available enforcement possible. It would give our  barge folks and our maritime folks just one thing to comply with rather  than 25 or 26 or 27 different regulatory schemes. And what do those  myriad of schemes do? Every time you have to hire a lawyer or a  compliance person, it is money you take out of your bottom line that  you would like to use creating a job in America. That is what these  people want to do. They want to increase employment for these  boilermakers and longshoremen who have endorsed this bill.   I say to my friends, let's not be confused with arguments that have  come in in the last week or two that have no basis in fact. This is a  bill about strong, strong requirements for the water that,  incidentally, has to come out of the ballast tanks, and it is about  strong enforcement by the Coast Guard of standards imposed by the EPA  according to the best available scientific technology--strong  requirements to protect our environment but also to protect jobs and  commerce for Americans.  [[Page S2239]]    I think we are going to vote in 10 or 11 minutes. I urge my  colleagues who have at one time or the other come forward and endorsed  this very proposal, please stay with us on this, particularly based on  the accommodations the Senator from Alaska has made to make the bill  more accommodating and more conclusive of the concerns that have been  raised. I urge a ``yes'' vote.   We are going to continue this fight one way or another. This is a day  we ought to stand for doing something for commerce, for labor, for  business, and in the name of bipartisanship and in the name of  rewarding the way we ought to be legislating on the floor.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   