 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the retirement of Supreme Court Justice  Anthony Kennedy has created one of the most consequential vacancies on  the High Court that this country has ever seen. There is a reason  pundits have often referred to the Supreme Court as the ``Kennedy  Court.'' His influence on so many politically salient cases cannot be  overstated. During his 30 years on the Supreme Court, Justice Kennedy  was often the swing vote in decisions decided 5 to 4 on a divided bench  of the Supreme Court. These include some of the most historic cases in  our Nation's history: on a woman's right to choose, environmental  protections, and same-sex marriage.   In 1992 Justice Kennedy wrote the controlling opinion in Planned  Parenthood v. Casey, which reaffirmed Roe v. Wade's core holding that  the Constitution protects a woman's right to make a fundamental  decision about her own healthcare, including a woman's right to choose.   In 2007 Justice Kennedy joined a 5-to-4 opinion in Massachusetts v.  EPA, which held that greenhouse gas emissions are pollutants under the  Clean Air Act and that the EPA must regulate those emissions under that  statute, unless it can provide a scientific basis for its refusal to do  so.   In 2013 Justice Kennedy wrote the majority opinion in United States  v. Windsor, striking down as unconstitutional the Defense of Marriage  Act because it violated basic due process and equal protection  principles by extending certain Federal benefits to opposite-sex  married couples but denying those same benefits to same-sex married  couples.   In 2015 Justice Kennedy wrote the landmark opinion on same-sex  marriage in Obergefell v. Hodges, which held that the Constitution  guarantees same-sex couples the right to marriage.   In 2016 Justice Kennedy wrote the majority opinion in Whole Woman's  Health v. Hellerstedt, which struck down a restrictive anti-choice law  in Texas because it put an undue burden on women's access to  reproductive healthcare services.   All of these decisions were decided by the single vote of a single  Supreme Court Justice. That Justice was Anthony Kennedy. The Justice  who succeeds Anthony Kennedy on the Supreme Court will have the  opportunity to leave a deep and lasting mark on issues of the highest  constitutional magnitude--issues that impact the health and freedom of  women, the environment, LGBTQ rights, consumer protection, labor  protections, affirmative action, criminal justice, gun safety, and  more.   There are, without a doubt, important issues that will be decided.  These will be the most important decisions of our generation, and this  Supreme Court will be in a position to make that history.   Justice Kennedy's retirement handed President Trump the opportunity  to fulfill his campaign promise to shift the balance of power on the  Supreme Court to the far right on these issues. So the President dusted  off a preapproved list of candidates for the High Court--a wish list  prepared and presented to him by the ultraconservative Federalist  Society. This is the same list of candidates that the Federalist  Society assured President Trump would satisfy his litmus test of  overturning Roe v. Wade and striking down critical healthcare  protections. This is the same set of candidates from which the  President selected Neil Gorsuch to fill the late Justice Antonin  Scalia's seat--the seat that Senate Republicans stole when they  violated all norms of Senate procedure by refusing even to hold a  hearing on President Obama's nominee, Merrick Garland. In the short  time that Justice Gorsuch has been on the Supreme Court, he has proven  himself to be every bit of the far-right conservative Justice that the  Federalist Society promised he would be.   DC Circuit Court Judge Brett Kavanaugh's name was on that Federalist  Society's wish list as well. With the President's nomination of him to  the Nation's highest Court, the President has found another Federalist  Society-approved jurist whom he believes will pass his litmus test, and  that should concern every single American.   Brett Kavanaugh is a judicial conservative's dream come true--a young  jurist who will push the Supreme Court to the right for decades to  come. His record on issues such as access to healthcare, consumer and  environmental protections, and a free and open internet portend a  rubberstamp for a conservative, right-wing agenda that would move us  backward as a nation.   At the same time, it is very concerning that Judge Kavanaugh, who  once served as Ken Starr's top deputy in the White Water and Monica  Lewinsky investigations of President Clinton, has said that a sitting  President should not be investigated for allegations of wrongdoing,  should not be indicted or tried while he is in office, and should not  have to participate in civil legal proceedings until he leaves office.  This is from a veteran of Ken Starr's staff, leading the investigation  against President Clinton throughout the Monica Lewinsky investigation.  It is no coincidence that a President who now fears all of these legal  actions would nominate a judge who could shield him from those legal  actions.   Perhaps the gravest concern that the Kavanaugh nomination raises is  the fate of Roe v. Wade. For 45 years, Roe has not just protected  access to safe and legal procedures for women in our country, but it  has affirmed the constitutional right to privacy. Roe recognizes that  all Americans must be able to make their own personal health decisions  based on their own beliefs, needs, and circumstances.  [[Page S4931]]    Judge Kavanaugh's record on the DC Circuit inspires no confidence  that he will protect this fundamental right. He has supported  restricting access to contraception, and he recently would have forced  an undocumented minor in Texas to delay receiving a safe and legal  termination of her pregnancy despite her taking all of the necessary  steps to access that procedure under Texas State law. If confirmed,  Judge Kavanaugh will almost certainly have more opportunities to inject  the government into women's decisions about their own bodies.   Over recent years, State legislators across the country and their  allies have pushed the boundaries of restrictions on legal abortion.  Challenges to these laws are winding their way through the judicial  system now and could certainly land in the welcoming arms of a nominee  whom the Federalist Society have assured the President would reverse  Roe v. Wade.   Confirming Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court is an invitation for  anti-choice advocates to intensify their crusade against women having  access to procedures which they choose to make, taking them closer to  their dream of overturning Roe v. Wade and turning back the clock on  women's health freedom and economic security.   Let's be clear. Overturning Roe wouldn't end these procedures across  this country. It would just end safe abortions that women would have  access to.   Those across the country who care about protecting individual liberty  and autonomy in healthcare decisions, including access to safe and  legal procedures, are galvanized and mobilized politically in a way we  haven't seen in a generation. They are organized, and I believe they  will bring that political power to bear in opposition to the Kavanaugh  nomination. Our judicial system--and the Supreme Court, in particular-- has a special role in our democracy as a neutral arbiter of the law.  The American people must have faith that this institution and its  Justices will uphold this sacred responsibility.   Stepping back and from a larger perspective, looking at the  Affordable Care Act, we have to ensure that, ultimately, protections  for those with preexisting conditions in the healthcare system, which  are guaranteed under ObamaCare, are continued. Every family in our  country has somebody with a preexisting condition, and we have to make  sure this nomination does not lead to such fundamental changes in the  Affordable Care Act, eviscerating those protections and rights.   The President had an opportunity to choose a nominee that would unify  this country and assure the public of the independence of the judicial  branch. Instead, he shamelessly, in a partisan way, picked someone who  would only serve to propel our highest Court into a far-right orthodoxy  for generations to come, becoming the ``supreme rightwing court.''   If Judge Kavanaugh is confirmed, women's freedom to make decisions  about their bodies, reforms to our healthcare system, the quality of  our air and water, and much more will be at risk. This is a critical  moment for our country and much too important for any Senator to  rubberstamp this nominee in the name of deference to the President.   I am going to fight this nominee every step of the way, and I ask  every American to join me in this fight. We will need all Americans to  organize, to march, to raise their voices, and to say: Judge Kavanaugh  does not represent the values we need on the Supreme Court of the  United States of America.    Thank you.   I yield back.   