 Mr. President, I am sure I am not unique in the fact that  when I go home, my constituents ask: What in the heck is going on up  there?   The truth is, amid the polarization, the misinformation, the  arguments, the disagreements we naturally will have--because we  represent different parties, different regions, and different points of  view--it is really important to occasionally reflect on what it is we  have actually done because, as I learned a long time ago as a  journalism student, good news is not news.   What makes news is when there is conflict and disagreement. That is  what people pay attention to. That is what reporters write about, that  is what the cable TV channels run because they know people will watch  it. They can sell advertising. That is sort of the way the system  works.   Good news needs to be told and needs to be spread. So what I would  like to do is just reflect for a few minutes on the last 17 months and  what has been accomplished during that year and a half by a Republican- led Congress and by the Trump administration working together.   I think, perhaps, the single biggest accomplishment that has  benefited the most people broadly across this great land of ours is the  new energized state of our economy. During the last administration,  following the great recession of 2008, we had this ahistorical idea  that slow economic growth was the new norm; that sub-2 percent economic  growth each year--which isn't fast enough to create enough jobs to keep  people employed--was something we were just going to have to live with.  The fact is, since World War II, the economy has not grown at 2 percent  or less; it has grown at about 3.2 percent.   What we are beginning to see is the slumbering giant of the American  economy wake up and grow. People have confidence again and optimism in  the future, which is a good thing. Unemployment fell to 3.9 percent  recently, which is the lowest in 17 years, and 14 States hit record-low  unemployment as well.   As I said, consumer confidence is high. As a matter of fact, it is at  an 18-year high, and the tax reform package we passed last December has  been the biggest, single game-changer. Although, I want to talk about  regulations in a minute, the tax reform package got America back in the  game. It made us more competitive globally as a place where people who  want to invest money and create a business or grow their business--it  is attractive, finally. We aren't chasing people off, having to move  offshore in order to compete globally. They now see America as a  favorable place to invest, and that benefits all of us.   Nearly 800,000 jobs have been created, 164,000 in April alone. To me,  one of the most encouraging statistics is, in February, we saw more  than 800,000 people rejoin the workforce. Unemployment statistics, as  the Presiding Officer knows, can be a little bit misleading because  sometimes when people quit looking for work, they are not reflected in  the unemployment statistics, even though they are obviously unemployed.   The fact that 800,000-plus Americans decided to rejoin the workforce  because they thought there was a real chance they could get a good- paying job ought to be enormously encouraging to all of us. It is to  me.   In addition to the new jobs, in addition to more people joining the  workforce, we have seen people who are working receive pay raises, more  take-home pay. The retirement contribution their employers made to  their 401(k) plan went up in hundreds of different cases.   We have also seen people see a reduction in their utility rates--the  amount of money they pay for electricity--because the for-profit  utilities saw a cut in their taxable revenue, and because they are  utilities they had to lower the rates in order to meet the requirements  of the regulators. We have seen bonuses being paid by large companies,  like AT&T in Texas, and commitments made to invest in more  infrastructure. We have seen benefits across the board. The National  Association of Manufacturers says that 77 percent of manufacturers in  America intend to increase hiring, and 93 percent of them have a  positive outlook for their companies. That is the kind of optimism I  feel and hear when I travel back home.   In visits to Amarillo, College Station, Austin, and elsewhere, I have  had the chance and taken the opportunity to sit down and talk to my  constituents in those places and ask: How is it going? How are we  doing? How are you doing? What I hear from small business owners  regularly is the benefits they are seeing from the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act.   I have also had constituents write to my office, explaining how the  boost in their monthly paychecks is making a big difference when it  comes to making ends meet, buying groceries, paying their bills, or  affording health insurance.   I alluded to this a moment ago, but one recent piece of news had the  Southwestern Electric Power Company announce it had requested its  utility rates be lower. Actually, it probably didn't request it be  lowered, but they were lowered as a result of their lower overhead as a  result of their tax bill going down.   Southwestern has more than 180,000 Texas customers and attributed the  rate decreases directly to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I would say that  is a good thing. When seniors and people on fixed incomes actually see  their utility rates go down, it helps them make ends meet. Entergy  Texas, another electric utility, has similar plans to return tax  savings to customers and support continued investment. Those two  companies are just the tip of the iceberg.    The economy is booming, so much so that employers tell me it is hard  to find qualified workers. We need to double down on our commitment to  make sure we provide people access to the education and training they  need to qualify for the new, high-paying jobs that exist. But, simply,  those jobs can't always be filled because there are not enough trained  workers to perform them.   It is not just the economy that deserves our mention. One of the most  significant things that the Trump administration has done is nominate  and see the Senate confirm a record number of judges--judges who, by  the way, are committed to faithfully interpreting the Constitution and  not legislating from the bench because of their personal preferences.   If you want to pursue a personal agenda or political agenda, you  ought to run for Congress, not seek the Federal bench. We expect and  demand  [[Page S2812]]  something different out of judges, which is faithful adherence to the  law, not imposing their personal policy preferences. That is what  President Trump has prioritized in his nominees and the nominees we  have confirmed.   Twenty-one circuit court judges have been confirmed so far. That is  roughly one-eighth of the appeals court judges in the United States.  These circuit courts hear appeals from Federal district courts, trial  courts, and, as the Presiding Officer knows, set binding precedent on a  wide range of issues. I like to say that for all practical purposes,  the circuit courts are the Supreme Court because the Supreme Court of  the United States hears roughly 80 cases a year. They obviously set the  precedent, but there are a lot of cases that never reach the Supreme  Court, and their final court of last resort is the circuit court. That  means the men and women presiding over those courts--the way they  approach their judicial decision making--is making a real difference.   As I said, with the help of the Senate, President Trump has secured  confirmation for 21 circuit court nominees. It is worth pointing out  that President Obama's 21st circuit court nominee was not confirmed  until he was in office for 33 months. It is not just that we are  confirming good judges; it is that we are doing so at a good clip,  comparatively speaking.   These judges include people like Don Willett, former justice of the  Texas Supreme Court; Jim Ho, the former Texas solicitor general; and  soon, Andy Oldham, the general counsel to Governor Greg Abbott, who has  been nominated to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.   That is not to mention the very talented district court judges we  have confirmed as well. Two of them, Karen Scholer and David Counts,  are Texans, and both my State and the entire Federal judiciary are  lucky to have them.   The third thing I want to mention in terms of the economy is  regulations because of what we have been able to do, working with the  President when it comes to the regulatory state--the bureaucracy, the  nameless, faceless entities that make life either easier or more  difficult for small businesses. We have had a big impact. Specifically,  we have repealed burdensome Obama-era regulations through the  Congressional Review Act. It has been said before--and I will say it  again--that in all of Senate history, it had been used only one time  before; that is, to repeal the ergonomics rule. We have used it 16  times to eliminate agency rules that had found their way into law  during the waning hours of the previous administration.   This effort--the Congressional Review Act effort--has been  spearheaded by people like the junior Senator from Pennsylvania, among  others. It has eliminated rules like coal mining regulation that would  have put more than 100,000 jobs at risk and another one enacted by the  Department of Education that undermined local control of schools and  directly violated a Federal statute at least 7 times.   Our use of the Congressional Review Act has been referred to as a  ``regulatory wrecking ball'' and the ``most ambitious regulatory  rollback since [President Ronald] Reagan.''   I don't agree it has been a wrecking ball. I think it has been more  of a surgical operation. It has provided a signal to businesses, as  well as real regulatory relief in those 16 specific cases. I think that  is another reason for optimism in the sense that the Federal Government  is no longer tying one hand behind the backs of our job creators.   Another important development has been finally rolling back some of  the overregulation of Dodd-Frank. You will recall this was legislation  that passed following the great meltdown recession of 2008. Like most  things that happen in Washington, DC, the pendulum swung way too far.   I tell my community bankers and the credit unions in Texas: You  weren't the target, but you were the collateral damage. They didn't  cause the great recession of 2008, the subprime mortgage lending  crisis; that was the big boys on Wall Street.   Thanks to Senator Crapo and the Banking Committee and a bipartisan  effort in the Senate, we finally pulled back some of the  overregulation. If small community banks were going to be able to stay  in business, they were required to hire people just to fill out the  paperwork--not to make more loans but to fill out the paperwork. Many  of them couldn't survive at all, so they had to merge or just go away.  The people who got hurt the most were the people who needed access to  credit--again, our small businesses.   Thankfully, this bill is now expected to pass the House this week,  and it will be a big win for smaller financial institutions and make it  easier for them to serve their communities by providing mortgages,  providing credit, and lending to small businesses.   That is the past. Let's take a peek forward to this next week. This  week, we will keep our commitment to our veterans--people who have worn  the uniform of the U.S. military and who have served us so well and to  whom we have a moral obligation, I believe, to keep our commitments to  them--the promises we made to them when they were on Active Duty that  when they left Active Duty, we would keep our commitments. We will do  that when we vote on the VA MISSION Act this week.   This is a bipartisan, bicameral bill that will make significant  reforms to the Department of Veterans Affairs. It will strengthen the  healthcare and community care options that are available to America's  veterans. It will provide $5.2 billion to the much needed Choice  funding program to prevent interruption of access to needed care for  veterans.   In other words, we have said: If you are a veteran and can't get to a  designated VA healthcare facility--a hospital or clinic--you can get  treated in your community by a hospital or other healthcare provider,  and we will pay the fee. If you have to wait too long in line, if you  have to drive too far, you will have healthcare options. That is why  funding the $5.2 billion for the Choice Program is so important.   This bill will also provide caregiver assistance and consolidates the  VA's seven community care programs into one streamlined program and  will allow veterans, as I said, to seek care when and where it makes  the most sense for them.   On the caregiver program, I can't help but remember when I visited  Walter Reed, visiting some of our warriors injured in the line of duty  in places like Afghanistan and Iraq. Frequently, the spouse of a  wounded warrior has to quit his or her job to care for their loved one.  It is an important aspect of the continuum of care necessary for them  to recover and get back on their feet. We are going to provide greater  access to caregiver assistance so that spouses and family members can  do exactly that. It is the right thing for us to do.   Our VA MISSION bill also authorizes access to walk-in community  clinics, removes bureaucratic redtape by authorizing local provider  agreements, and eliminates barriers for VA healthcare professionals to  practice telemedicine. In this new technological age, it makes no sense  to have restrictions on the ability of people to get access to care  through telemedicine, when and where appropriate.   I want to conclude by saying that I appreciate Chairman Isakson,  Senator Moran, and others working with the President and Acting  Director Wilkie to get this done before funding runs out. I appreciate  all of our colleagues who have worked on this on a bipartisan basis.   Last week, the House passed the bill, so now it is our turn. What a  great sign of appreciation to our veterans it will be to get this bill  passed and to the President's desk and have it signed before Memorial  Day.   I yield the floor.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Colorado (Mr. Gardner) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Colorado (Mr.  Gardner) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Colorado (Mr. Gardner) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Colorado (Mr.  Gardner) would have voted ``yea.''   