 Mr. Speaker, I am saddened that this body is descending  down a fiscally irresponsible path, a path to trillion-dollar deficits,  a path to mortgaging the future for my children and yours.   To be clear, what this massive spending bill includes is a 14.6  percent increase in defense spending and a 12.2 percent increase in  nondefense spending this year. Next year, a 15.1 percent increase in  defense spending and 12.9 percent in nondefense spending.   The headlines in The New York Times, Mr. Speaker, says: ``As Deficit  Soars Toward $1 trillion, Congress Shrugs and Keeps Spending.''   I also want to quote from the Los Angeles Times. It says: ``The  budget deal also means that the United States probably will be  returning to trillion-dollar annual deficits . . . .''   When Trump took office about a year ago, the Congressional Budget  Office projected the Nation's deficit would run between $500 billion  and $700 billion. Now, with lower tax revenues and new spending, the  deficit will blow past $1 trillion in 2019.   To be fair, I have long argued that $500 billion to $700 billion  deficits are too large. I have supported spending cuts, and I opposed  the massive Republican giveaway to special interests through the tax  reform bill.   It would be easy to say here, Mr. Speaker, that the Republicans own  this deficit, the Republicans own this debt. But that is too easy, Mr.  Speaker.   Do you know who owns this debt?   My family and yours. It is owned by the American people, Mr. Speaker,  in the form of future taxation, in the form of future reduction in  services, in the form of a future threat to Social Security and  Medicare.   This fiscally irresponsible path has got to end. I will be opposing  this bill, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who care  about the fiscal solvency of this Nation to join me in opposing this  irresponsible spending bill.   As has been mentioned, this bill also fails to include comprehensive  immigration reform or the Dream Act.   I would note that comprehensive immigration reform, which passed the  Senate with a more than two-thirds vote a few years ago, would reduce  our budget deficit by over $200 billion in increased tax revenue and  increased economic productivity.   While the Dream Act and similar measures haven't been formally  scored, they also would contribute to reducing our budget deficit  because hardworking Americans would be able to get jobs, pay taxes, and  participate in the American Dream.    If this massive Republican spending bill passes, it will only dig our  Nation deeper into a debt that will become harder and harder to ever  emerge from.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this massive Republican  spending bill and to get to work on fiscally responsible measures, like  comprehensive immigration reform and the Dream Act; to reduce our  budget deficit and, hopefully, eliminate it rather than bloat it  further and further.   