 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 88.  This package has been presented as tax relief for the victims of  hurricanes, fires, and other natural disasters victims. In reality, it  is a grab bag of almost $100 billion in unpaid for tax breaks-- including tax breaks for the health care industry. This bill also  allows tax exempt religious organizations to engage in political  activity. Moreover, the bill conspicuously omits a provision that would  ensure the solvency of the trust fund that provides health care and  compensation for coal miners with black lung disease.   On December 31, 2018, the excise tax rate that funds the Black Lung  Benefits Disability Trust Fund will drop by 55 percent, unless Congress  takes action to extend the tax rate. That tax rate of $1.10 per ton for  underground coal and 55 cents per ton for surface was extended in 2008  for 10 years. Allowing the tax rate to sunset at the end of this year  will have grave fiscal consequences. According to the Government  Accountability Office (GAO), the failure to extend the tax rate will  cause the deficit in the Trust Fund to skyrocket from approximately $5  billion today to $15 billion in 2050.   Once the tax rate drops, the annual costs for benefits, medical care  and administrative  [[Page H10477]]  costs will exceed revenues every year for the foreseeable future. The  only way these benefits can be paid going forward is if the Trust Fund  borrows from taxpayers. Congress designed the Black Lung Benefits Act  to be financed by a tax on coal production--not the taxpayers.   Another consequence of failing to act is that the accumulated debt  will pile up each year. The Trust Fund will have to borrow to also pay  debt service and interest costs each year. When the debt reaches the  breaking point, the only solution is a taxpayer bailout. It is  irresponsible to allow the coal industry to privatize gains and  socialize the costs.   Although black lung disease had been on the decline after the passage  of the 1969 Coal Act, in recent years it has returned with a vengeance.  Recent studies show that rates of black lung disease have reached 25  percent in Appalachia. The rates of progressive massive fibrosis, the  most severe form of black lung disease, are now at epidemic levels, and  are now being diagnosed in younger miners. Treating these miners will  require costly medical care.   Mr. Speaker, allowing the excise tax rate to expire does a great  disservice to coal miners, their families, and taxpayers.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill.   