 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment which  would require the USDA to comprehensively assess and evaluate the  importation of forest pests and to provide options as to how we can  best address this issue.   Imported forest pests pose what is among the most grievous threat to  forest health in the United States. Over the past century, forest pests  have devastated entire species of trees, and threatened agricultural  industries, businesses, and recreational opportunities for all  Americans.   These destructive pests cost the United States billions of dollars  each year in damages and eradication.   By engaging stakeholders, tracking the geographic sources of pests,  and assessing the effectiveness of current pest surveillance efforts,  my amendment takes important steps toward understanding the scope of  the problem and why it is happening, while also giving the ability of  the USDA to strengthen its regulatory response.   The problem of forest pests is not isolated to my district in upstate  New York, but exists all throughout the Nation. From the laurel wilt in  the southeast to the white pine blister rust in the Rockies, all 50  States face a variety of forest pests.   Now, specifically, Mr. Chairman, what our amendment would do, it  would require the Department of Agriculture to evaluate the  effectiveness of the Federal Government in intercepting the pests in  international shipping and on plants for planting.   It would describe the geographic sources of the intercepted pests and  the commodities or plant species that are most associated with these  infested shipments.   It would require the Agriculture Department to quantify the detection  of forest pests in the national surveillance networks, including the  Cooperative Agricultural Pest Survey and the Early Detection and Rapid  Response Network of the Forest Service.   We would have the department describe new outbreaks of forest pests  in the United States and the spread of existing infestations. This  public information is going to be critically important in allowing us  to prevent and assess the problems that exist.   The Agriculture Department would help describe how the numbers of  such interceptions, detections, and outbreaks, which are described in  this amendment, have changed since the beginning of 2018. We would  require them to have additional actions to further reduce the arrival  of forest pests across the borders of the United States.   Identifying these current challenges with the interception,  detecting, and addressing outbreaks of tree and wood pests is a  critical part of the mandate of the agency in the Department of  Agriculture that is charged with this task.  [[Page H4217]]    Mr. Chairman, I urge the passage of this commonsense amendment to  protect our environment, to strengthen our trade relations, and to  promote our local economies.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I think that the comment that Mr. Conaway,  our distinguished chairman, just made, he and I were privileged to tour  a border station where the employees of our Federal Government were  working very hard to inspect the deliveries of all sorts of materials  and commodities across that border. It was actually in Ms. Stefanik's  district up on the St. Lawrence River where we went to that border  crossing some months ago.   It is truly a remarkable process that our Federal employees go  through in terms of trying to assess and monitor and inspect these  shipments of various commodities into our Nation.   The issue of agricultural pests is something that is truly  significant and important for all of us as Americans to make sure that  we can protect our forests. This may be not something that the average  American thinks about very much, but it is something that those of us  on the committee and those who are in the affected industries are very  acutely aware of the importance of this issue.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   