 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Tillis). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Tillis). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Tillis). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I wish to talk about Alex Azar's  nomination as Secretary of Health and Human Services. I wish to explain  how I am going to vote no by virtue of what I asked him in his hearing  in front of the Finance Committee.   Needless to say, programs such as Medicaid, Medicare, the Federal  marketplace for health insurance under the Affordable Care Act, and the  Children's Health Insurance Program are all healthcare programs that  are absolutely essential not only to my State of Florida but to all  States. Since we have a higher percentage of the population who are  senior citizens, obviously, Medicare is an extremely important one to  that segment of our population, who depend on Medicare for their  healthcare.   When you look at the Affordable Care Act, which brought healthcare  through health insurance to millions and millions of Americans who had  not had it before, my State of Florida signed up more people than any  other State. Some 1.7 million Floridians signed up  [[Page S488]]  for coverage through healthcare.gov. That was despite the Trump  Administration's efforts this past year to undermine the health law by  doing such things as not allowing people to get out and give the  counseling. So it was on a much lower scale than what had been done  before.   My worry is, looking out for the people of Florida, that Mr. Azar  will continue to support the administration's efforts to destroy the  law and all of the good things it has done, where it has now provided  health insurance for so many people--so many people that never had  health insurance before. The 1.7 million Floridians who signed up again  for health insurance through healthcare.gov is a good example.   One of the statements that Mr. Azar has made--and people in the Trump  Administration have been trying to undermine the ACA--is that, in  effect, there is no way to fix the law.   Let's turn to Medicaid and CHIP, or the Children's Health Insurance  Program. Mr. Azar, I am told, supports changing the structure of the  Medicaid Program into a block grant. Ever since the Medicaid law was  passed, it sets up, according to whether or not a State has a poor  citizenry, a formula that shares money from the Federal Government, and  the State matches a certain percentage. In Florida, that is anywhere  from 55 percent to 60 percent Federal to approximately 45 percent to 40  percent from the State of Florida. For other States, like Mississippi-- with a poor, rural population that needs healthcare but can't afford  healthcare--their Medicaid formula is much more paid for by the Federal  Government with a lower match from the State.   If you put Medicaid into a block grant, that means the State is only  going to get so much money, regardless of whether the population  swells. If the needs are greater, that money is it. It is not flexible  with the eligibility of people because of their income status. I simply  don't think that is right. It is these kinds of issues that concern me  greatly about Mr. Azar.   Look at Medicare. As I mentioned, we have a higher percentage of the  population that is made up of senior citizens. In Florida, that  translates to 4 million senior citizens who depend on Medicare. They  are over 65 years of age, and they are eligible for Medicare. That is  the way they access their healthcare.   When I asked Mr. Azar about his perspective on changes to the  Medicare Program, his answer was deficient. This is what I asked: Do  you support raising the Medicare eligibility age?   In other words, a senior would not be eligible for Medicare-- healthcare--at age 65; the age requirement would be increased. He did  not give me an answer.   I asked: Do you support turning Medicare into a voucher program?   According to CBO estimates, privatizing Medicare would increase  premiums by 30 percent, so I wanted to find out whether, as Secretary  of HHS, he would want to turn Medicare into a voucher program. He  dodged that question.   I tried a third time with another question to give him a chance to  give a straight answer on the record in the Finance Committee. I asked  him whether he supports allowing Medicare providers to enter into  private contracts with patients instead of the set benefit that a  senior knows he is eligible for under the law to get those Medicare  benefits.   The practice of entering into private contracts between doctors and  other Medicare providers is prohibited under Medicare because it would  place seniors on the hook for the difference between what an insurer  would pay--an insurance company--and what the doctor or the other  provider would charge. That would result in a higher out-of-pocket cost  for the senior citizen.   Remember, the question was, do you support allowing Medicare  providers to enter into private contracts with patients?   This is what he said: ``The mission of HHS is to enhance and protect  the health and the well-being of all Americans, through programs that  touch every single American in some way, every single day. As  Secretary, my job would be to lead HHS in its work toward its  mission.''   That is not what I asked. I asked specifically whether he wanted to  privatize the Medicare benefits and the mechanism by which those  benefits would be delivered. That does not give me assurance on behalf  of our senior citizens in Florida. To the contrary, if you were to talk  to a group of our senior citizens and say that you want changes to  Medicare, I can tell you what that would do. That would put a ripple of  chills down the spines of senior citizens, for them to think their  Medicare would be taken away from them.   Thus, Mr. Azar is a gentleman who is delightful and obviously skilled  in the pharmaceutical drug industry. Yet, when we got right down to how  he was going to run the HHS as Secretary, I was not assured that our  seniors were going to be protected in their healthcare or that poor  people were going to be protected in their Medicaid or that the 20-some  million people--including the almost 2 million in Florida--who now have  healthcare on the private insurance exchange, offered through the  Affordable Care Act, were not going to be undermined.   There is just no way that I think this is the appropriate person to  be the Secretary of Health and Human Services; therefore, I will vote  no.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Connecticut.   