 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to talk about a couple of issues  that are wrapped up in the NDAA.   First of all, there is a National Guard issue.   As we all know, the men and women who serve our Nation in the Armed  Forces are among the absolute best of us, and I thank the Presiding  Officer for his service. When the Presiding Officer and his fellow  citizens volunteered to serve, they did so by committing themselves to  defending our families, our Nation, and our way of life. Through their  service and sacrifice, they earn our respect and our honor. As a  grateful nation, we strive to demonstrate that respect to them.  Certainly, we should demonstrate our appreciation for our military on  Memorial Day and Veterans Day, but, every day, we understand that we  can never truly repay the sacrifice that many Americans have made--the  ultimate sacrifice.   One of the customary and powerful demonstrations is when we pay our  respects through a display of military honors during a servicemember's  funeral. These honors include an honor detail that presents an American  flag to the deceased's family and includes a bugler, who ceremoniously  plays ``Taps'' and puts a lump in everyone's throat and tears in our  eyes. Unfortunately, an Army audit found that in 2014, 88 deserving  veterans' funerals did not receive those military honors as they should  have. One service without its deserved honors is one too many.   Even more disappointing, based upon a recommendation from that audit,  we learned that the National Guard Bureau has a plan now to eliminate  in eight States the coordinator position for the military funeral  honors. The National Guard Bureau is claiming a marginal cost savings  as the excuse to eliminate these coordinator positions; however, a cost  savings is an unacceptable justification, especially if losing these  positions leads to more servicemembers not receiving military honors as  our final demonstration of respect for their service.   The coordinator position is a vital link between the military and the  veteran's surviving family. The coordinator's primary responsibility is  to determine the eligibility and appropriate honors for deceased  veterans. The coordinator also trains servicemembers who perform  military honors, coordinates with units and veterans service  organizations within the State, and provides immediate attention to  families who are in need of assistance.   Common sense would tell one that if military honors are not being  rendered when they should be, as this audit found, the NGB--the  National Guard Bureau--should do everything possible to make certain to  reverse that terrible outcome. Instead, it is seeking to eliminate the  positions that are responsible for handling the care and coordination  of military honors.   Even if the National Guard Bureau reverses course, the Military  Honors Program deserves protection and preservation for all of those  who served. Therefore, I draw attention to an amendment I have offered  in this year's NDAA. Amendment No. 2575 would protect the Military  Funeral Honors Program in the Army National Guard. This is a bipartisan  amendment that has been cosponsored by Senators Manchin, Crapo, and  Capito. If passed, my amendment would ensure that each State would  maintain at least one military funeral honors coordinator, which we  hope would reduce the chances of these honors being skipped in the  future.   I urge my colleagues and the committee to support amendment No. 2575  for inclusion in the managers' package and allow this amendment to move  swiftly in the Senate to help fulfill our promises to our veterans and  make certain they receive the appropriate honors they will have earned  at the time of their passings.   Another of my amendments, amendment No. 2269--a topic about which I  spoke last week--improves upon the Army's force structure stationing  process. It has been sponsored by Senator Roberts as well as by Senator  Gillibrand and the minority leader, the Democratic leader, Senator  Schumer from New York.   Again, I express my appreciation to the Senate Armed Services  Committee for its diligence in authorizing appropriations for our Armed  Forces in a thoughtful and deliberative manner. This amendment attempts  to take the  [[Page S3868]]  same approach that the Armed Services Committee is taking today-- deliberate. We want the Army to perform in a diligent way its internal  process on force structure, to thoughtfully deliberate how and where it  makes smart investments. That includes the stationing decisions about  soldiers and families, which will have an impact on cost for decades to  come. Simply put, the intent of amendment No. 2269 is to increase the  rigor, transparency, and congressional oversight of the Army's  stationing process regarding changes or growth in force structure.   Both the Department of Defense and the Army are experiencing a much  needed period of growth. Our Armed Forces are modernizing and  increasing their readiness to be in a position to deter, confront, and  defeat potential adversaries in environments that are more complex and  more volatile than we have experienced in recent history.   After months of speaking on this topic to Army leaders, such as  Secretary Esper, General Milley, and General Abrams, I am convinced  that the Army's most senior leaders agree that its current process  needs improvement to become more accurate and comprehensive.   As the Army grows and modernizes, more stationing decisions will be  made in the future, and the Army ought not miss the opportunity to  conduct due diligence in all of their decisions and invest wisely to  pay down the costs in the future. With the Army's focus on reform,  transparency, and using every dollar wisely, I believe this amendment  No. 2269 helps the Army maximize the value of every dollar, operate  transparently with Congress, and wisely use resources entrusted to them  by the taxpayer. Once again, my amendment seeks to codify the  transparency they are seeking and updates to the Army's stationing  process that will ensure the Army is making better, more cost- effective, long-term decisions.   The instructions to the Army in this amendment have already been  prescribed by the GAO, and the Army's own regulations are based on Army  testimony and correspondence where it is made clear that the Army wants  to improve their process. For example, with regard to how contiguous  and noncontiguous Army training areas are measured, General Milley  testified before the Senate Appropriations Defense Subcommittee, of  which I am a Member, and said: ``It is my belief that they are rated  differently . . . because it seems to pass a common sense test,'' given  the geographically distant nature of the training areas off post. The  fact that the Army's analysis currently considers these training areas  as one in the same eluded many of the Army's senior leaders when we  first began this process.   In addition, this amendment codifies Secretary Esper's February 23,  2018, commitment to improving the quality of life for soldiers and  their families by considering ``community schools around the  installations and the professional licensure reciprocity'' in future  stationing decisions.   The Army has not incorporated information regarding tax credits,  license reciprocity, education, and employment in their basing, so this  amendment follows through on the Secretary's intent and guidance to  address these factors that are critically important to soldiers and  their families. The addition of this amendment in the criteria would  encourage States to further support military men, women, and their  families.   It is a recruitment and retention factor. We say the Army recruits  individuals but retains families. The quality of life families  experience when they move from installation to installation is  paramount to each soldier's personal decision to continue serving. Our  intent with this amendment is to support the Army in making decisions  based on fair, open, and comprehensive data, particularly long-term  cost factors that will help the Army save in future years. Those  savings can be put toward training, supporting soldiers and their  families, sustaining our weapons, and increasing the Army's readiness  and lethality.   I ask for support on amendment No. 2269. I am convinced these changes  will make certain the Army's stationing process is transparent and will  help the Army maximize the value of every dollar, while operating more  transparently, communicating with Congress, and more wisely using  resources entrusted by the American taxpayer. This will pay off in the  long term for the Army, their families, and for the taxpayers.   I yield the floor.   