 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5759: the  21st Century Integrated Digital Experience Act--also known as the  ``21st Century IDEA.''   Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank my colleague, Representative Ro  Khanna, for his leadership on this important legislation   This bill is bipartisan. Because if there's one thing we can and  should agree on--it's the federal government's duty and obligation to  serving the American people as best we can.   It's been a privilege to co-lead on this effort to help make sure we  do a better job.   We all know that there's a lot of room for improvement when it comes  to meeting the needs of the constituents we were sent here to serve.   But the 21st Century IDEA homes in on a particular area where our  federal government lags staggeringly behind: digital modernization and  technology.   Why's this such a big issue? Because it's hurting our ability to  ensure folks get timely and efficient help from agencies like the IRS  or VA.   And even though the technology we need to mitigate this problem is  already available-we aren't using it. But as times change, and as  citizens' needs transform, it's our job to ensure we evolve the  services we provide.   In today's world, this means ensuring that when citizens engage with  the government, that interaction mirrors other modern, cost-effective  experiences in their everyday lives.   With everything from hailing a cab, buying groceries, or ordering a  pizza, we've shifted away from phone calls, walk-ins, or pickups,  toward online orders and mobile apps that save us time and, often,  money.   The same is true when it comes to federal agencies: Digitization  increases the quality of service, promotes efficiency, and improves  cost-effectiveness. In fact, recent data from the IRS shows that it  costs an agency about $42 to help a customer on the telephone, and  about $54 to respond to letters sent through the mail.   The same assistance costs only 22 cents when conducted online.   The 21st Century IDEA takes steps to catapult our federal government  into the 21st Century by requiring specific efficiency-boosting and  cost-saving improvements to government websites and digital services.   These improvements include, for example, ensuring that consumers can  connect to government sites through a secure connection, that sites  offer search functions, that sites provide consumers a personalization  option, and that sites consolidate redundant material  [[Page H9722]]  These changes will be overseen by a responsible agency official to  ensure compliance.   On top of this, agencies will be required to make paper-based forms  available digitally within one year, to provide a digital option as an  alternative to in-person government services within two years, to  submit a plan to increase the use of electronic signatures on contracts  and related documents within 180 days, and to modernize their public- facing websites within one year.   Consumers will no longer be required to print and fill out forms that  must then be either faxed or mailed in.   These digital improvements will drastically improve the way our  federal agencies provide critical services to folks all across the  country, including people with disabilities or those who live in rural  areas with limited access to traditional, in-person assistance services  all while saving countless taxpayer dollars.   I cannot stress it enough that the federal government is supposed to  work for the American people. And we owe it to them to do a better job.   The tools we need to restore the United States' global leadership in  technology and digital government are already at our fingertips. Now  it's time to act.   I urge my colleagues to vote yes on H.R. 5759: the 21st Century  Integrated Digital Experience Act.   