 Mr. President, I thank my colleague and friend  Senator Isakson, as well as the ranking member, Senator Tester, for  their leadership on the Veterans' Affairs Committee in this past  session. I have been proud and honored to work with them, and I look  forward to doing so in the next Congress on issues so important and  challenging. We have a responsibility to meet the needs of our  veterans.   In that spirit, I ask unanimous consent that the Veterans' Affairs  Committee be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 299, the  Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act of 2017, and that the Senate  proceed to its immediate consideration; that the bill be considered  read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, I greatly respect my colleague from  Utah, and I thank our friend from Georgia for his positive remarks on  this topic, but more than words are necessary; we need action. We need  dollars and cents to brave Americans who undertook to serve this  country, who risked their lives, and who have suffered for years and  years from the severe health effects of their contact with Agent Orange  and other toxins on the battlefield. They deserve the same benefits as  their comrades who served on land. They served in the territorial  waters. Year after year they have been denied simple justice--action  that fulfills our obligation to them. I greatly respect the words, the  rhetoric, the pledges, but asking them to wait denies them justice.   There is an adage we quote frequently: Justice delayed is justice  denied. That maxim has particular force here because these veterans,  very simply, are passing away. They will be denied the benefits they  are owed by this Nation. They will be deprived of the just compensation  for injuries they received, like their fellow veterans who served boots  on the ground on land, if they are not compensated for the injuries  they received when they served in those territorial waters off Vietnam.   This measure has been brought to the floor before. Last week, I  joined my colleagues Senators Tester, Gillibrand, Daines, and Brown to  demand that simple justice for blue water Navy veterans. Today I am  joined by Senator Baldwin of Wisconsin, my very distinguished colleague  and friend, to whom I will yield shortly.   Our calls to unanimously pass H.R. 299 were blocked, and that is why  we are back here again. In these closing hours of this session, we have  the opportunity and obligation to do right by those veterans and to  follow our words by our actions. Today the Senate has another chance,  even in these last hours, to right a wrong.   Currently, the VA gives the benefit of the doubt to some veterans who  have been exposed to toxic substances but not to others. Despite the  fact that defoliants were indiscriminately used, only some of those  veterans who were affected by them--those veterans suffering from  cancer and skin disease and other aftereffects--are eligible for  healthcare and benefits to address the health effects of their  exposure.   Others, like Gerry Wright of Connecticut, are forced to shoulder the  burden of proving they are suffering from this toxic exposure.   I ask my colleagues to reconsider their opposition. I ask them to  think about the veterans of their own States who suffer from these  kinds of diseases. I ask them to consider men and women like Eugene  Clarke of Redding, CT. Because of his experience in Vietnam, he has  spent most of his years fighting on behalf of veterans who served there  and veterans who served in Korea in the 1960s. He has been a champion.  His advocacy, backed by strong support from the Veterans of Foreign  Wars, shine a light on these problems.   Today only veterans who were served on the Korean DMZ, from April  1968 through August 1971, are eligible for presumption, despite the  fact that from 1966 through 1969, about 55,000 servicemembers were sent  to Korea each year.   Mr. Clarke was instrumental in providing evidence that defoliants  were sprayed during testing prior to 1968. His efforts have inspired me  and my colleagues to introduce the Fairness for Korean DMZ Veterans  Act. He is a veteran of that experience. He has fought for the Korean  veterans, but he has also added his weight in support of the Vietnam  veterans who served after he did.   Two years ago, I pledged to Mr. Clarke that I would fight as long and  as hard as possible to make sure veterans who served in the Korean DMZ  receive compensation and healthcare if they suffer from agent orange- linked illnesses. I am here today because of him, because of Korean War  veterans, and because of Korean veterans who served in the DMZ.   I ask my colleagues to reconsider their opposition. In the limited  number of days left in the 115th Congress, we have this important  opportunity. We have this tremendous opportunity for anybody who cares  about not only the veterans of Vietnam but also their descendants by  extending healthcare, vocational training and rehabilitation, as well  as providing a monetary allowance to children suffering from the  aftereffects through their parents.   I ask my colleagues to do the right thing.   I yield to my colleague from Wisconsin.    Mr. President, in closing, I am grateful to my  colleague from Wisconsin and my colleagues across the aisle. This  measure was bipartisan. It was passed unanimously in the House of  Representatives. It should be unanimous here. The money is not a  problem. The money is there. The predictions about outlandish possible  financial exposure are simply products of fantasy. I know my Republican  colleagues almost unanimously on the other side of the aisle understand  that simple fact. But even if the costs were higher than they are  projected to be, we have an obligation to do the right thing. We have a  moral duty to make sure we fulfill our promise.    I know the Presiding Officer has been a strong advocate for our  veterans. I know my fellow members on the Veterans' Affairs Committee  join me in this belief.   The costs of this program are the costs of war. They are the costs of  keeping our troops on the DMZ in Korea. They are the costs of having  sent them to Vietnam. They are the costs of sending our troops to Iraq  and Afghanistan, and this measure would provide a study of the possible  effects in terms of their health from those kinds of poisonous and  toxic exposures. The modern battlefield is filled with toxins and  poisons, and the injuries that result from them are the costs of war.  We need to recognize that fact and refuse, absolutely reject the  possibility that we will continue to delay even longer the justice  these men and women deserve.   I can pledge to my colleagues that if we fail to do it this session,  we will be back again next session. The costs to our conscience, if not  to our budget, will rise in the meantime.   I am pleased to call on my very distinguished colleague and military  veteran from Illinois, Senator Duckworth.    Mr. President, I wish to close by thanking my  colleagues, Senator Duckworth and Senator Baldwin, and say that I would  like to end this session on a positive note. I am going to be proud to  yield to one of my very good friends and one of our most distinguished  colleagues, Senator Shelby from Alabama, who has done such important  work on appropriations and our budget. I thank him for it.   I hope that in the next session, this great body will see it in its  heart, as well as mind and conscience, to do the right thing--not  sometime in the next 2 years but in the first days and weeks so that  these veterans have simple justice. I will champion it. I know  colleagues on the other side of the aisle will join us, and we can get  it done. We must.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   