 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4910, the Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act,  as amended, requires the Secretary of the Interior to provide an outer  burial receptacle for each new grave in an open cemetery under the  control of the National Park Service. The National Park Service  controls 14 national cemeteries, two that are still active. They are  Andersonville National Cemetery in Georgia and Andrew Johnson National  Cemetery in Tennessee.   Mr. Speaker, veterans who want to be buried at these two cemeteries  currently must pay the cost of their own outer burial receptacle, yet  veterans buried in national or State cemeteries controlled by the VA's  National Cemetery Administration are provided such at no cost.   This bill authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to promulgate  rules and regulations establishing the cost that must be reimbursed to  the Department of the Interior by survivors. The survivors will then be  reimbursed for the cost through a VA voucher. It has already passed the  Senate, and I urge its passage today by the House.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Bishop), my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in passing  H.R. 4910, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, when the VA provides burial and headstones or markers  for eligible family members who predecease Active-Duty servicemembers,  it is always under tragic and difficult circumstances.   Of course we want to provide these benefits as seamlessly as possible  so our servicemembers can move on with their lives. This bill codifies  current practice to ensure VA's process of handling these issues with  dignity, sensitivity, and compassion.   I want to thank the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs  Subcommittee Chairman  Mike Bost and Ranking Member Elizabeth Esty for  their part in supporting and helping to bring this bill to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 4335, the  Servicemember Family Burial Act, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   