 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 5  minutes with the chairman as well, the chairman of the Foreign  Relations Committee, split between us.    Madam President, if I may, through the Chair, say to  the Senator, No. 1, there was nobody on the floor when the Senator made  a motion to ultimately reserve all the time in opposition to the end.  Had I been on the floor, had I known such a motion was going to be  made, I would have objected to that. There was a certain lack of  courtesy in that regard.   I say to the Senator, an opposition now will be remembered as an  opposition in the future when the Senator is seeking an opportunity.  All we are asking for is 5 minutes. If the Senator needs more time to  make a final comment----    I do.    I rise in opposition to the resolution. As we evaluate  the resolution, we have to consider the characteristics of a specific  military system and the context in which it will be used, as well as  how we utilize arms sales as a foreign policy tool.   I have much in common with Senator Paul on the question of Yemen. I  have moved in his direction. The Saudis had their opportunity. I am  promoting legislation, with several of our colleagues, on a bipartisan  basis, to deal with exactly that. If I am the one holding up arms sales  to Saudi Arabia, as we speak, as the ranking member on the Foreign  Relations Committee, that is why it has not come to the floor because I  am not letting it go through unless the administration breaks through a  hold at the end of the day, which would violate all of the existing  processes we have.   This vote is not Yemen. It is not Saudi Arabia. It is not the United  Arab Emirates. It is Bahrain. Bahrain is a critical ally to us. It  hosts the U.S. Navy's Fifth Fleet, providing a vital naval base from  which the United States protects its national security interests in the  gulf and throughout the region, and its willingness to host our naval  forces also places Bahrain at greater risk from attack from Iran and  terrorist groups seeking to do harm to the United States. It is also a  security partner as it comes to piracy, al-Qaida, ISIS, and Iran. It  hosted an Israeli UNESCO delegation in late June.   I have great disagreement with the Bahranians as it relates to their  human rights record. It is abhorrent. We are going to continue to fight  on that issue with them. At the end of the day, halting the sale of  weapons intended to defend Bahrain's security is not the solution in  this particular case.   I will close and yield the balance of time to the chairman. Arms  sales to foreign countries provide the United States and this body with  important influence and leverage on those countries' views and  activities on foreign policy. Sometimes, if used smartly, they can  shift a country's actions in a positive direction.   As I said, I am currently opposing an important arms sale to Saudi  Arabia due to my concern the Saudis are using these weapons in a  specific context inappropriately. Civilian casualties are  [[Page S7027]]  on the rise, and the weapons sale is not part of a comprehensive  strategy to end the Civil War in Yemen. I urge us, on this particular  occasion, to oppose this particular resolution, and I probably will  stand with the Senator when the moment comes as it relates to denying  the Saudis arms sales, particularly in the midst of what they are doing  in Yemen.   With that, I yield to the distinguished Senator of Foreign Relations.   