 Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S.  2952.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a  third time.    I know of no further debate on the bill.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Thank you, Mr. President.   I would like to turn to my colleague, Senator Klobuchar. We have  worked together on this bill. We are pleased to be able to bring it to  the Senate floor today. We are pleased that all of our colleagues had  time to see it, that it went through the process on both sides without  objection, and that now it has been voted on by the Senate.   Senator Klobuchar.  [[Page S2907]]     I certainly appreciate the opportunity we have had to work  on this. Senator Klobuchar and I work together on the Rules Committee,  as well, where I am the chairman and she is the ranking member, and the  daily activities of the Senate come to us often.   This was an action that created an opportunity where we looked at the  Congressional Accountability Act of 1995. As Senator Klobuchar has  suggested, there are things that may have been well-intended at the  time, but they really put too many obligations and too many  restrictions, in our view, on victims. Those things are all eliminated.   Members of Congress, if they are personally involved in harassment,  will be personally liable for the compensatory damages of that. I think  it puts the responsibility where the American people think it should  be.   Both of our leaders have been very supportive--both Senator Schumer  and Senator McConnell. Many of our Members were involved in drafting  this legislation, and there were many more who, after they had time to  look at the final product, cosponsored the legislation. I think  approximately one-third of the Senate by the time this bill came to the  floor were cosponsors of the bill.   We look forward to this bill further defining what we see as our  responsibilities. I am pleased to see the action of the Senate today  with the unanimous clearance of every Senator on both sides, which  enabled this bill to come to the floor and now has been approved.    Section 111 of the bill includes a new requirement for  Members to reimburse the Treasury in specific circumstances. The  description of harassment in this section is only intended to be used  during adjudicatory processes to determine whether a Member is required  to reimburse the Treasury.   