 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for  fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense,  for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department  of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal  year, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto,  disagree to the Senate amendment, and request a conference with the  Senate thereon.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from California has just laid out a number  of arguments in support of a Senate provision. There are obviously  Members who may think differently on his arguments, although I do not  believe this is the time or the place to have that debate. That will be  discussed in the course of the upcoming conference with the Senate.   At this point, I would just like to offer two thoughts. One is the  provision that the gentleman talks about requires that there be a  mandatory spending offset. Now, when you look for how that spending can  be offset, really, the Armed Services Committee only has two ways: one  is to increase TRICARE copays, pharmacy copays, and the second one is  to reduce retirement benefits. So I notice that the gentleman's motion  to instruct does not deal with that part of the equation.   My thought is that it is far better to look at the whole universe of  issues in the course of a conference rather than to try to dictate one  outcome or another that doesn't include how you pay for something.   Second point, Mr. Speaker, there are 907 House provisions and 603  Senate provisions that will be the subject of this conference. They  will all have to be hashed out in one way or another, but the conferees  should have the flexibility to deal with all of those 907 and 603  provisions in a way that makes the most sense for national security.   So my suggestion is that the House reject this particular motion and  allow the conferees to do their work in looking at the whole universe  of what is best for the men and women who serve and what is best for  the country's national security.   Mr. Speaker, I would inform the gentleman that I have no further  speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume just to say that there are a number of provisions which Members  on one side or the other consider inequitable, and a big part of the  challenge we face is, okay, to enact a particular provision, you have  to pay for it.   So my point is we need to look at the whole universe not only of what  we would like to have done, but also of how it would be paid for.   Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 12 of rule XXII, I  move that meetings of the conference between the House and Senate on  H.R. 5515 may be closed to the public at such times as classified  national security information may be discussed, provided that any  sitting Member of Congress shall be entitled to attend any meeting of  the conference.   