 Mr. President, I rise today on a happy occasion, to  discuss a House bill, H.R. 984, the Thomasina E. Jordan Indian Tribes  of Virginia Federal Recognition Act. This is a bill with a long  history, and we are joined in the Chamber by the chiefs of six Virginia  Tribes whose past, present, and certainly future are connected to this  bill. I will speak briefly. Then, Senator Warner will speak. Then, the  matter will be called up for a voice vote. Various objections have been  heard and then cleared, and so we are now ready to move forward with  this bill, which passed the House in May.   This is about Virginia Tribes that were here and encountered the  English when they arrived at Georgetown in 1607--the Tribes of  Pocahontas and so many other wonderful Virginians. They are living,  breathing, active Tribes. They have never been recognized by the  Federal Government for a series of reasons.   First, they made peace too soon, in a way, and they have been  punished for that. They entered into peace treaties with the English in  the 1670s.   Second, many of their Tribal records were destroyed in the Civil War.  Third, a State official destroyed other records during the 1920s  through 1960s. The power of these Tribes having achieved State  recognition beginning many years ago--and they have never given up hope  that they would be recognized by the U.S. Government, just as they have  been recognized for hundreds of years by the Government of England. In  fact, last spring, they went to England to celebrate the 400th  anniversary of the death of Pocahontas. They were treated as  sovereigns, treated with respect, and all they have asked is to be  given the same treatment by the country they love.   This bill for Tribal recognition was first introduced by a Virginia  Governor, then-Senator George Allen, in the 107th Congress. A House  companion bill to the Senate version was passed in May, and that is the  third time the House has passed this bill--first in 2007, and the  second time was in 2009.   I have had many productive discussions, as has Senator Warner, over  the last months about the bill, various questions about the history. We  are now in a position where all objections have been cleared, and we  are ready to move ahead.   It is such a treat to be joined by the chiefs. It is such a treat to  be joined by my colleague, my senior Senator. Senator Warner has worked  tremendously hard on this, as have I, from the day he was Governor. I  also have to give praise to Congressman Wittman on the House side, who  has worked very hard to get to this day.   It is a fundamental issue of respect and fairly acknowledging a  historical record and a wonderful story of Tribes who are living,  thriving, and surviving and are a rich part of our heritage. This is a  happy day to stand upon their behalf.   With that, I wish to yield to the senior Senator.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Virginia.   