 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last week the House passed an important  piece of legislation, the reauthorization of the Perkins Act. It was  sent to the President's desk for his signature and, once that happens  today, it will become the law of the land.   I want to take just a moment to talk about part of it because it has  huge implications for my State and the United States. It is called the  New HOPE Act, and it builds on other steps we have taken recently to  strengthen our Nation's economy. Specifically, it deals with this  phenomenon of occupational licensing.   State licensing mandates require men and women to pay fees, complete  training programs, and pass exams before they can enter certain jobs  and  [[Page S5467]]  professions, but many of these licensing requirements are simply  protectionism. They do nothing to protect consumers or ensure the  public safety. They simply protect the incumbents' interests and erect  large barriers to entry. They make it more difficult for new folks to  learn and practice new trades and preserve exclusive access to those  who have the means and the time necessary to jump through all the  procedural and financial hoops.   Existing licensing rules perpetuate the status quo and stifle new  talent. Oftentimes, they are totally unnecessary, as you may have  gathered from my comments, and certainly burdensome. When that happens,  they need to be eliminated.   Last year in Austin, I had a chance to meet with people in the  cosmetology, heating and ventilation, and other industries, and we  talked about how licensing requirements impact their industries, as  well as job creation, upward mobility, and public safety.   Around that same time, the Institute for Justice ranked Texas  licensure requirements as the 17th most burdensome in the country. That  is not a statistic I am proud of. So, naturally, we spoke about ways we  can reduce the burden on job seekers.   That is where the bill I sponsored comes in, the New HOPE Act, which  is part of this Perkins reauthorization bill. It provides additional  authority to State Governors receiving funds for career and technical  education. It gives them discretion to consolidate or eliminate  licenses or certifications that provide limited consumer protection or  pose an unnecessary and sometimes insurmountable barrier to entry for  aspiring men and women seeking to enter certain professions. If you  want to be a hairdresser or an eyebrow threader or a roofer or a  mortician, we should support you 100 percent. We shouldn't condone the  erection of barriers to your entering this profession once you have  satisfied the necessary and important qualifications and training.  There are certain training steps that are a good idea, and I am not  suggesting otherwise, but you shouldn't have to wait for years and  waste thousands of dollars in order to get there. That is what this  bill is all about.   I am grateful to my Democratic cosponsor, the junior Senator from  Michigan, as well as the bill's champions over in the House,  Representative Walberg and Representative Cuellar. We couldn't have  gotten this done without them. I look forward to the President's  signature. I know that once it becomes law, it will work to further  enhance the positive economic climate that we have seen under this  administration, with the jaw-dropping announcement of last Friday that  the economy is burning so hot that the gross domestic product has gone  up by 4.1 percent in the last quarter alone.   There are many steps to turning this economy around. One of the  biggest, of course, was the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which we passed last  year and which has had transformative effects. So I am optimistic that  legislation like the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will continue to allow  getting out of the way of the people who are creating opportunity and  growing the economy and wages and take-home pay.   I yield the floor.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain).   