 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to join many of  my colleagues in support of passage of the underlying resolution. I was  pleased to be one of the original cosponsors, along with the Presiding  Officer and Senator Sanders, amongst many others.   This is clearly not the first time I have been to the floor to talk  about the crisis inside Yemen and the broader crisis with respect to  our relationship with Saudi Arabia that has grown worse and worse,  especially in the last several months.   I want to thank Senator Menendez and Senator Corker for taking this  incredibly seriously, especially since the death of Jamal Khashoggi,  who was a resident of the United States here, ostensibly under our  protection. I am hopeful that we will get another big bipartisan vote  when this comes up for final passage.   I want to reiterate some of the reasons I think this is incredibly  important.   First, let me state what I hope is obvious even for those of us who  have been critics of Saudi Arabia.   Saudi Arabia is a very important ally of the United States. It is an  important partner for stability in the region. We continue to engage in  an important counterterrorism, intelligence-sharing relationship with  Saudi Arabia. They have helped us track down some very bad people. We  have helped them track down some very bad people. Sunni extremists-- separate and aside from the argument as to where that movement gets  some of its seed funding--are out to get the Saudi regime, just as they  are out to get the United States.   Second, it is important to note something that we take for granted in  the region--this now long-term detente that has existed between the  Gulf States and Israel, which did not used to be something you could  rely on. In fact, one of the most serious foreign policy debates this  Senate ever had was on the sale of AWACS to Saudi Arabia back in the  1980s. The objection then was that by empowering Saudi Arabia, you were  hurting Israel and Israeli security. No one would make that argument  today because Saudi Arabia has been a good partner in trying to figure  out a way to calm the tensions in the region and, of course, provide  some balance in the region, with the Iranian regime on the other side  continuing to this day to use inflammatory and dangerous rhetoric about  the future of Israel.   So this is an important partnership, and I have no interest in  blowing it up. I have no interest in walking away from it. But you are  not obligated to follow your friend into every misadventure they  propose. When your buddy jumps into a pool of man-eating sharks, you  don't have to jump with him. There is a point at which you say enough  is enough. I came to this floor 3 years ago and suggested that time had  already come.  [[Page S7491]]    Muhammad bin Salman, who is the Crown Prince, who is the effective  leader of the country, has steered the foreign policy of Saudi Arabia  off the rails. Folks seem to have noticed when he started rounding up  his political opponents and killing one of them in a consulate in  Turkey, but this has been ongoing. Look back to the kidnapping of the  Lebanese Prime Minister, the blockade of Qatar without any heads-up to  the United States, the wholesale imprisonment of hundreds of his family  members until there was a payoff, the size of which was big enough to  let some of them out.   This is a foreign policy that is no longer in the best interests of  the United States and cannot be papered over by a handful of domestic  policy reforms that are, in fact, intended to try to distract us from  the aggressive nature of the Saudis' foreign policy in the region.   Of course, the worst example of their regional behavior going off the  rails is Yemen. And I don't want to restate the case here; I think  Senator Sanders did a great job of it.   I have stood here before with posters of malnourished children with  distended bellies. Some 85,000 of them have died from malnutrition or  disease. The world's worst ever outbreak of cholera is happening right  now as we speak. Ten thousand Yemenis have died from warfare, from  bombings, or from siege campaigns. About two-thirds to three-quarters  of those were as a result of the Saudi side of the civil war, but let's  make clear that there are some really bad actors on the Houthi side as  well. Part of the reason the humanitarian aid can't get to where it is  needs to get to is because the Houthis are stopping it from getting  into the areas they control today. So the Saudis bear the majority of  the responsibility for the humanitarian nightmare, but there is enough  to be spread around.   I am appreciative that many of my colleagues are willing to stand up  for this resolution today to end the war in Yemen. I wish that it  weren't because of the death of one journalist, because there have been  tens of thousands who have died inside Yemen, and their lives are just  as important and just as worthwhile as Jamal Khashoggi's life was, as  tragic as that was. But there is a connection between the two, which is  why I have actually argued that this resolution is in some way, shape,  or form a response to the death of Jamal Khashoggi, for those who are  primarily concerned with that atrocity. Here is how I link the two:   What the Saudis did for 2 weeks was lie to us, right? In the most  bald-faced way possible. They told us that Jamal Khashoggi had left the  consulate, that he had gotten out of there alive, that they didn't know  what happened, when of course they knew the entire time that they had  killed him, that they had murdered him, that they had dismembered his  body. We now know that the Crown Prince had multiple contacts all  throughout the day with the team of operatives who did it. Yet they  thought we were so dumb or so weak--or some combination of the two-- that they could just lie to us about it.   That was an eye-opener for a lot of people here who were long-term  supporters of the Saudi relationship because they knew that we had  trouble. They knew that sometimes our interests didn't align, but they  thought that the most important thing allies did with each other was  tell the truth, especially when the truth was so easy to discover  outside of your bilateral relationship. Then, all of a sudden, the  Saudis lied to us for 2 weeks--for 2 weeks--and then finally came  around to telling the truth because everybody knew that they weren't.    That made a lot of people here think, well, wait a second--maybe the  Saudis haven't been telling us the truth about what they have been  doing inside Yemen.   A lot of my friends have been supporting the bombing campaign in  Yemen. Why? Because the Saudis said: We are hitting these civilians by  accident. Those water treatment plants that have been blowing up--we  didn't mean to hit them. That cholera treatment facility inside the  humanitarian compound--that was just a bomb that went into the wrong  place, or, we thought there were some bad guys in it. It didn't turn  out that there were.   It turns out the Saudis weren't telling us the truth about what they  were doing in Yemen. They were hitting civilian targets on purpose.  They did have an intentional campaign of trying to create misery. I am  not saying that every single one of those schoolbuses or those  hospitals or those churches or weddings was an attempt to kill  civilians and civilians only, but we have been in that targeting center  long enough to know--to know--that they have known for a long time what  they have been doing: hitting a lot of people who have nothing to do  with the attacks against Saudi Arabia.   Maybe if the Saudis were willing to lie to us about what happened to  Jamal Khashoggi, they haven't been straight with us as to what is  happening inside Yemen, because if the United States is being used to  intentionally hit civilians, then we are complicit in war crimes. And I  hate to tell my colleagues that is essentially what the United Nations  found in their most recent report on the Saudi bombing campaign. They  were careful about their words, but they came to the conclusion that it  was likely that the Saudi conduct inside Yemen would amount to war  crimes under international law.   If it is likely that our ally is perpetuating war crimes in Yemen,  then we cannot be a part of that. The United States cannot be part of a  bombing campaign that may be--probably is--intentionally making life  miserable for the people inside of that country.   So I would argue that this resolution is an appropriate response if  you are only concerned about Jamal Khashoggi because it is a way to  make clear that if you lie to the United States, there are  consequences. It is also a way to say to the Crown Prince: We are not  going to be partners with you in your most important foreign policy  endeavor--the war inside Yemen--if you are not being straight with us  about this or other matters.   If you care just about what happened to that journalist, this is  still an important vote for you to cast. And I get it that some people  have issues with the mechanism by which we get here, the War Powers  Resolution. I understand that it is new, that it hasn't been tested  before. But I believe this is the right moment to have this debate and  to have this vote.   I am hoping that we are going to come to a conclusion here as quickly  as we can in which we maintain bipartisan consensus. I just joined  several of my colleagues upstairs to express our desire--this isn't the  beginning and the end of our debate about what to do with Saudi Arabia  moving forward. I support Senator Menendez and Senator Young's  legislation to take some additional steps to halt arms sales. I support  imposing sanctions on the individuals who are responsible for this  crime. But I would also hope that all of us take a little bit of time  over the holidays to really think about how we reset this relationship  in the region and how we send a signal to the world that there is no  relationship in which we are the junior partner--certainly not with  Saudi Arabia.   If Saudi Arabia can push us around like they have over the course of  the last several years and in particular the last several months, that  sends a signal to lots of other countries that they can do the same  thing--that they can murder U.S. residents and suffer almost no  consequences; that they can bomb civilians with our munitions and  suffer no consequences.   This is not just a message about the Saudi relationship; this is a  message about how the United States is going to interact with lots of  other junior partners around the world as well. Saudi Arabia needs us a  lot more than we need them, and we need to remind folks of that over  and over again.   Spare me this nonsense that they are going to go start buying Russian  jets or Chinese military hardware. If you think those countries can  protect you better than the United States, take a chance. You think the  Saudis are really going to stop selling oil to the United States? You  think they are going to walk away from their primary bread winner just  because we say that we don't want to be engaged in this particular  military campaign? I am willing to take that chance.   We are the major partner in this relationship, and it is time that we  start acting like it. If this administration isn't going to act like  it, then this Congress has to act like it. As Senator Graham said,  sometimes Congress has  [[Page S7492]]  to go its own way. Sometimes Congress has to reorient American foreign  policy when an administration will not.   With respect to this bilateral relationship, with respect to this  egregious, unconscionable military operation inside Yemen, it is time  for Congress to step up and right something that today is very, very  wrong.   I appreciate all of the great work that Senator Sanders and Senator  Lee have done as partners in this, and I thank the chairman and ranking  member for helping guide us through this debate as painlessly as  possible. I look forward to coming to the floor again before final  passage and look forward to another big bipartisan vote at the end of  this.   I yield the floor.   