 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to a man who  was a loyal and diligent staffer on the Senate Finance Committee for  nearly three decades--Mark Prater.   Mark began as a tax counsel with the committee in January of 1990.  During his 28-year tenure with the committee, Mark has been a shining  example of a bipartisan policy staffer. He is a proud Portlander, where  he graduated with his accounting degree from Portland State University.  He went on to receive his law degree from Willamette University and  then his LLM in taxation from the University of Florida.   After practicing law for a few years in Portland, Mark thought he  would take a 2-year break from practice to work in public service, but  after he started working for his home State Senator, Bob Packwood, Mark  became consumed by the work on the Finance Committee, which was easy to  do but especially for somebody like Mark.   This was a time when America had a Republican President and both the  Senate and House were controlled by Democrats. Yet the tax staff,  including a fresh-faced counsel from Oregon, found ways to get bills  across the finish line. Some of those bills included significant budget  and energy deals that helped jump-start the economy in the early 1990s.   After a few years, Mark was promoted to chief tax counsel in October  of 1993--a post that became synonymous with Mark Prater for nearly 25  years. In 2007, Mark was named deputy staff director of the Senate  Finance Committee.   For the next decade, Mark's legislative management and institutional  knowledge were crucial in virtually every bill that was passed out of  the Senate Finance Committee--and there have been a lot of them--but  Mark's impact in Congress did not end there. In 2011, Mark was  appointed as the staff director of the Joint Select Committee on  Deficit Reduction, or the Super Committee, as it was more commonly  known.   As many of us remember, September of 2011 was a trying time for  America and Washington. Just about any stray statement or suggestion  seemed to throw spark on the dry kindling of political frustrations.  The Super Committee was created to find a solution to America's debt  crisis but also to act as an example of bipartisan and bicameral  cooperation. The first step was selecting a director who would be able  to handle an immense workload while also dealing with unknown forces  and Members of Congress who were unfamiliar with those forces. Mark was  the man for the job and shepherded the committee through a process that  resulted in many work products that would be used over the next several  years.   But my personal work with Mark is when I really learned to trust and  appreciate him the most, although I trusted and appreciated him before.  From the moment I became the ranking member on the Senate Finance  Committee and even more so after I became chairman in 2015, I leaned on  Mark to help develop and negotiate a reform to our long outdated and  broken Tax Code. The result was the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act--the largest  and most comprehensive overhaul of the U.S. Tax Code in 36 years. In  the end, I think we can safely say this is one of the greatest  legislative achievements in recent memory, and it all happened in large  part due to Mark's efforts, influence, and expertise. I relied on him,  and I have to say my reliance was well-placed.   Perhaps more than anyone else, Mark can testify that the process for  tax reform was years in the making. Contrary to what Democrats may  tout, this was not a 6-month, 1 year, or even 2-year effort; tax reform  had been debated and individual pieces had been negotiated and proposed  in some form or another for years, with the Senate Finance Committee  producing bipartisan working papers and holding hearings on dozens of  occasions throughout the last decade.   Rather than a last-second rush job, I think the facts and history  indicate that the process actually began in earnest thanks to Mark's  work at the Super Committee. That was when several of the major  bipartisan conversations about improving innovation, returning to  normal GDP growth, and improving fairness while broadening the base  became earnest bipartisan conversations.   As we continued to develop tax reform, much of the work between  Senators, their staff, the Big 6, Treasury, constituents, and  stakeholders was at least in part facilitated by Mark Prater, who was  always there to listen and politely make suggestions and answer  questions. He did not always like what he heard, but he was willing to  negotiate and try to find common ground just to get the football  another inch down the field.   Tax reform had many bipartisan ideas: Provide relief for middle-class  families, broaden the base, bring the corporate rate down, and fix the  broken international tax regime. As anyone who has worked in tax before  knows, there are 1,000 levers to pull and knobs to twist to get to an  end result. But all of this has to happen while walking a difficult  political tightrope--a tightrope I am not sure we would have balanced  upon without Mark. His absolute mastery of the Tax Code, his  compassion, his patience, his sense of humor, and his creative  solutions to difficult problems were a key part of the process and the  substance of the final product. I am and will be forever grateful to  Mark for his sacrifices and commitments to making tax reform a reality.   I would be remiss not to also thank his wife Lori and his son James  for their support and sacrifice as well. He loves both of them, and  really, they are lucky to have him and his love. I am glad to see them  all here today, especially so that we can finally celebrate the Stanley  Cup coming to Washington. As most of us know, Mark is an avid hockey  fan, and his diligent support in that sphere has paid off as well.   In sum, losing Mark has been a terribly sad day for all of us here in  the Senate, but I am confident that his legacy, the tax reform that  owes much to him, and the example Mark set for all of us will be  remembered and cherished for years to come.   I have had hundreds of staff people work with me over the years, all  of whom I have regard for, revere our friendships, have learned from,  and have pushed and shoved as hard as I could. I have had some really  wonderful people with me, and they have all been dedicated. They have  all given of  [[Page S4328]]  themselves to help this country. But I have never had anybody any more  dedicated or giving than Mark Prater.   Mark Prater deserves the recognition that I am trying to give him  here today and much more. I have such a regard for him, such a regard  for what he stands for, what a decent, honorable, kind, and hard- working young man he is. We have been very lucky to have him in the  Senate, on the Senate staff, and on the Finance Committee staff. His  efforts and his work are going to be around and understood by many of  us for many years to come.   I want to thank him personally for the work he has done, the  friendship he has given, and the hard work he has performed for all of  us here. I wish him and his family the very, very best. On top of all  that, I just want him to know that we love him and appreciate him.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   