 Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank the chairman of  the Judiciary Committee, Mr. Goodlatte, for leading on this  constitutional amendment for a balanced budget. We have fought this out  in past years and brought this to the floor a couple of times that I  can remember here.   But I would like to dial back your memory, Mr. Speaker, to 1998, when  the House of Representatives did pass a balanced budget amendment to  our United States Constitution and sent it over to the United States  Senate. And late in the year of 1998, after a hard-fought whip team  pulled the votes together, they put together the two-thirds votes  necessary in the Senate to pass that constitutional amendment for a  balanced budget off to the States for ratification in three-quarters of  the States.   They had the votes, and at the last minute, one Senator walked down  and, in dramatic fashion, voted ``no'' when he was on the whip card  expected to vote ``yes.'' And that is what blocked a balanced budget  amendment in 1998, within one vote, because I think all of us here are  confident that the States would have ratified a balanced budget  amendment, and then we would be living under the balanced budget  amendment from sometime, probably pretty near the turn of the  millennium, around the year 2000.   Think what a difference it would be today. This Nation might have a  little debt left, but it would be a shrinking debt because, whenever  you balance the budget, if it's balanced, you are always going to end  up with a little black because the pencil doesn't work quite that  precisely.   We missed that window. We have the window now in this year, in our  time, and we have an obligation to pass this balanced budget amendment.   When I came here in 2003, we were at balance as far as the spending  was concerned, but not with the budget that was approved. I asked the  Budget Committee chairman: Where is our balanced budget amendment?   He said: We can't balance the budget. We are at war. We have been  attacked in New York and in the Pentagon and in Pennsylvania, and we  have to set up TSA and spend all this money, and it is impossible to  balance the budget.   I said: It can't be impossible.   I set about writing a balanced budget myself, as a freshman, in the  first weeks here. I wasn't prepared to do that at that time. But had we  gotten that done, had we tightened our belt, had we implemented the  kind of discipline this constitutional amendment before us today will  bring about, we wouldn't be talking about debt and deficit. We wouldn't  be talking about 107 million Americans not in the workforce because  they are of age but they are being tempted to stay home on the couch  with more than 70 different means-tested Federal welfare programs.    We haven't demonstrated the discipline. If interest should increase  by 1 percent, that is $200 billion a year. And if that goes up and up,  we are, pretty soon, collapsed in an untenable situation with our  spending. We need to make this decision in our time, force this  discipline on this Congress, and we need to focus, also, on what failed  the last time in 1998.   One vote has now accumulated to over $20 trillion in national debt,  falling short one vote in the United States Senate. Let's not fall  short here today. Let's send this over to the Senate. Let's send the  message to America.   