 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor this morning to  oppose the nomination of Stuart Kyle Duncan to serve on the Court of  Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.   I accept that there are differences of opinion with respect to  nominees, and I accept that I will not agree on every issue with every  Trump nominee. I do expect that individuals who are up for lifetime  judicial appointments have to demonstrate that, above all else, above  everything else, they will be guardians of the constitutional rights of  the American people. If you want to be a judge in America, my view is,  you ought to have to show an independence of thought and a respect for  the rule of law.   I regret to say this morning, I believe this nominee has not met  those important expectations. As I review Mr. Duncan's record, it seems  to me he has made a career out of fighting to restrict the rights and  legal protections of the vulnerable and those who are powerless. It  ought to be an immediate red flag to see how often he has aligned  himself with the wrong end of some of the most high-profile cases in  the last few years.    My view is that his record on civil rights alone ought to be  disqualifying. Twice he has represented States--North Carolina and  Texas--in their defense of voter suppression laws that were written and  passed based on false claims of voter fraud. Both of those laws, in my  view, were a sort of Frankenstein monster of past proposals that would  have made it harder for African Americans and Latino citizens to vote.  You don't have to take my word for it; both of those cases were thrown  out by the courts. Fortunately, neither time was Mr. Duncan successful  on appeal.   In another case, he argued before the Supreme Court that a wrongful  conviction verdict ought to be thrown out. An African-American man  named John Thompson spent 14 years on death row after prosecutors in  New Orleans concealed evidence that would have proven his innocence.  After his exoneration, this individual won a $14 million wrongful  conviction suit. Mr. Duncan, on the other hand, led the effort to have  it overturned. An innocent man's life was ruined, and Mr. Duncan saw to  it that he had no recompense.   He has clearly been a staunch opponent of women's reproductive rights  and healthcare. He was counsel of record representing Hobby Lobby in  its case against the Department of Health and Human Services in 2014.  In that case, Hobby Lobby sought to throw out the legal requirement  that women have no-cost access to contraception through their health  insurance coverage. Mr. Duncan argued that the government has no  compelling interest in guaranteeing access to contraception. To hold  that view, you have to basically throw in the trash can the science  showing that contraception results in lower rates of cancer and  healthier pregnancies when women choose to conceive. You also have to  be willing to turn a blind eye to the matter of economic fairness--that  women, particularly those who are vulnerable, those of modest means,  should not be taxed for their gender.   Mr. Duncan went on to author a special legal brief in Whole Woman's  Health v. Hellerstedt, arguing that the Supreme Court should have  ignored medical evidence and allowed the State of Texas to shutter  women's health clinics on trumped-up grounds.   I also think that as the Senate considers this nominee, we should  look at his record on LGBTQ Americans. In 2015, when he was in private  practice, this nominee served as special assistant attorney general for  Louisiana. There, he authored an amicus brief on behalf of 15 States,  urging the Supreme Court to reject the right to same-sex marriages  nationwide. He wrote that recognizing such a right would endanger the  ``civil peace.'' It is a head-  [[Page S2363]]  scratcher to me how he could reach that conclusion. Whatever damage has  been done to the civil peace in the last 3 years certainly has had  nothing to do with same-sex marriage.   When I came to the Senate, I believe I was the first Member of this  body who came out for marriage equality. Back then, I said: This is  pretty simple, folks--if you don't like gay marriage, don't get one.  Regrettably, this nominee not only doesn't share that view, but he  wrote that recognizing the right to marriage equality would, in his  view, endanger the civil peace.   He represented Gloucester County, VA, in an effort to deny a  transgender student's right to use the bathroom aligned with the gender  identity. He also represented rightwing lawmakers in North Carolina,  defending broadly discriminatory legislation that became known as the  bathroom bill.   The list of concerning episodes and disqualifying work in Mr.  Duncan's career does take a fair amount of time to actually walk  through. What I will just tell you is that when I look at Mr. Duncan's  background, what I see is a long record of hostility toward the rights  of women and minority Americans. He has consistently defended powerful  special interests over the rights of those who don't have political  action committees, aren't powerful, and don't have high-priced  lobbyists.   As Senators consider how to vote on this nomination, I find it hard  to believe that this track record of bias that I have outlined this  afternoon will suddenly vanish, will just disappear on confirmation. In  my judgment, this is an individual who should not serve on the bench. I  urge my colleagues to vote no.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   