 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from North  Carolina for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of legislation that  will commemorate the life and service of a young man from central  Washington who died serving his country just over a year ago, on July  10, 2017.   Marine Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman grew up in Richland, Washington,  with his parents, Eric and Susan, and his two brothers, Aaron and Hans.  He attended Christ the King Catholic School, Hanford High School, and  Columbia Basin College, where he met friends who would remain close to  him throughout his entire life.   In 2010, with a world of opportunity ahead of him, he chose to  dedicate his life to service and enlist in the United States Marine  Corps. It was his goal to serve within Special Operations Command.   Throughout his service, he received 14 awards and decorations,  including several Achievement Medals, Good Conduct Medals, and the  Global War on Terrorism Service Medal. He had completed two overseas  deployments, serving our Nation during Operation Enduring Freedom.   He achieved his goal, honorably serving as a critical skills operator  in the U.S. Marine Corps 2nd Raider Battalion at Camp Lejeune, North  Carolina, when he was tragically killed in a KC-130 plane crash in  Mississippi on July 10, 2017.   My legislation would designate the U.S. Postal Service facility at  4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Richland, Washington, as the  Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building.   Dietrich and his fellow servicemembers gave the ultimate sacrifice,  and I hope to honor his memory, as well as the memory of the 15 other  men and women killed in the crash, with this dedication to their  service.   Dietrich's strong ties to his family, friends, and hometown continue  to be evident. An avid skydiver, Dietrich's death inspired his parents,  childhood friends, and fellow marines to complete a memorial skydive  over central Washington. He had a tattoo symbolizing his love of the  Pacific Northwest and requested that his ashes be spread on Mount  Rainier, where his Marine brothers-in-arms will hike this August in his  honor.   We recently observed the 1-year anniversary of the devastating plane  crash, and I know that the designation of this post office will mean a  lot to Dietrich's family and to our community, serving as a local  memorial and a reminder of the sacrifice he and his fellow  servicemembers gave to preserve the freedoms that are the cornerstone  of our Nation.   I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation  to name this building, which will be visited often by friends and  family, after a courageous young man whose life and service deserve  this honor.   