 Mr. President, I thank both of my colleagues, and I thank  my colleague from Florida for his courtesy. I am going to be brief.   My views on this issue can be summed up in a tweet that I sent on  Saturday. I was home having town meetings. I go to every county every  year, and I had just wrapped up in Astoria, and I was on my way to  Tillamook.   We stopped at Rockaway Beach, on the spectacular Oregon coast, and I  decided that I would send a tweet and start it off with a question:  Drilling on the Oregon coast? The answer was this: You have got to be  kidding me. On my watch, that is going to be the policy we  [[Page S633]]  are going to have for protecting the Oregon coast. That is what  Oregonians are saying today, specifically. In fact, Oregonians are  lining up to make their opposition known by protesting this proposal  outside a meeting today, hosted by the Bureau of Ocean Energy  Management in Salem.    We have a picturesque coastline that looks as if it is right out of a  storybook. It is 362 miles that supports 22,000 jobs and a $2 billion  economy. Tourism, fishing, and recreation are all dependent on a  healthy Pacific Ocean.   Our coast is entirely publicly owned, and it has been protected from  oil and gas drilling for decades. That is, in large part, because we  have learned harsh lessons from the past. In 1999, the freighter New  Carissa ran aground off the coast of Coos Bay. The ship split apart,  spilling tens of thousands of gallons of oil and diesel that covered  our beaches in oil and tar balls. Some of that toxic mess remained on  our beaches for almost a decade, costing tens of millions of dollars to  clean up.   The thousands of fishermen, recreation business owners, and guides  shouldn't have to go to bed at night hoping there is not a spill or an  explosion--or risk their livelihoods on the good will of oil and gas  executives. To make matters even more ominous, just days before  announcing his intention to open up our entire coastline to oil and gas  drilling, Secretary Zinke reversed basic safety standards for workers  that were adopted after the Deepwater Horizon disaster. So what you  have here is a double whammy. First, gut safety standards for oil and  gas workers on offshore rigs. That is right; gut the safety standards  for oil and gas workers. Second, increase the probability that these  workers are going to be put in danger in the first place.   As I said on Saturday on my way to those town meetings, the people of  my State, Oregonians, overwhelmingly do not want to be a part of any of  this. Secretary Zinke went ahead and made a wrong decision with respect  to coastal drilling without any input from Oregon. Our commercial and  recreational fisheries industry--hard-working families who depend on  healthy fishing stocks--had no seat at the table. In fact, an entire  west coast industry was left out of whatever discussions happened  between the oil executives and the Trump officials in the back room of  the Department of the Interior.   One day after his decision, Mr. Zinke met with the Republican  Governor of Florida, and my colleague who will speak next has been  eloquent on that point, describing the plan as a threat to the  environment and economy of his home State. That was enough for  Secretary Zinke to let Florida off the hook, but there has been an  outcry of opposition from the Governors of 15 coastal States, including  mine. We have raised the very same environmental and economic concerns,  yet Secretary Zinke seems deaf to our voices. I guess the only voice  that is really relevant is that of a Republican Governor, and that is  about as nakedly political as it gets around Washington--a big gift for  the oil and gas companies but one that poses an enormous danger to the  economies and environment of local communities along our coast.   Finally, the decision doesn't make sense in terms of energy policy.  Our country is more energy-secure now than ever. The International  Energy Agency reports that within 10 years the United States will move  from being a net importer of oil to a net exporter. So Secretary  Zinke's scheme to expand offshore drilling is going to benefit--let's  acknowledge that--a handful of Big Oil interests and then leave hard- working fishing families and coastal business owners to pick up the  bill. That is not how we do things on our west coast.   The lasting economic uncertainty and ultimate environmental  degradation are not worth it, and today, on behalf of the people of  Oregon, I urge Secretary Zinke to rescind his proposal.   I yield the floor and thank my colleague from Florida for his  courtesy.    Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from Hawaii  for a very eloquent statement. I so appreciate her leadership and miss  her on the Intelligence Committee. I also want to express my  appreciation to the organizers of this effort--Senator Whitehouse and  Senator Blumenthal--who have been tenacious in pursuing these issues.  Both of them serve on the Judiciary Committee, and I serve on the  Intelligence Committee.   It is quite obvious what has been going on in the last few weeks. The  President, the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, and others  are working hard to get the American people just to forget that our  country is in the middle of an ongoing national security crisis. Russia  has attacked our democracy; Russia has intervened in our election; and  there is every reason to believe that they are just going to keep doing  it.   In the year since the assessment I mentioned was conducted by the  intelligence community, virtually everyone has come to see it this way.  Donald Trump obviously disagrees. The only change has been the extent  to which Donald Trump's protectors are willing to go out and throw dust  in the air to prevent America from focusing on this direct threat to  the people of this country and our very system of government.   Congress has to get to the bottom of what has been done to our  democracy, but the fact is, the Senate has been stonewalled,  particularly when it comes to the crucial issues of following the  money. It began when Donald Trump refused to do what every other  Presidential candidate has done now for four decades; that is, release  his tax returns. It continues on other fronts. I have repeatedly asked  the Secretary of the Treasury to provide the Senate Finance Committee  with Treasury Department documents that would allow investigators to  follow the money between Russia, Donald Trump, and his associates. The  committee has been given nothing. Secretary Mnuchin has simply refused  to cooperate with congressional oversight conducted by members of the  committee that has direct jurisdiction over his agency.   So the question is, Mr. President, what are you hiding? What is in  those tax returns and those financial documents that you don't want  revealed? What would be so damaging?   It seems to me that if you are to understand Russia's ability to  undermine our democracy, it is essential to follow the money. Donald  Trump's family has acknowledged its financial ties to Russia. In fact,  in 2008 and 2009, when it was pretty hard to get money for investment,  the Trump family said--their words, not mine: Much of our portfolio  comes from the Russians.   The special counsel included extensive information on money  laundering and tax evasion in his recent indictment of Paul Manafort.  There have been dozens and dozens of press stories--it seems there are  several every week--about the finances of the President and his  associates that warrant real congressional oversight.   Americans are alarmed by the administration's stonewalling, and  millions have been appalled by the idea that this would somehow be  treated like just another political game. Those who abuse the  classification system to put out a laughable partisan memo that doesn't  stand up to scrutiny apparently are willing to do it just to protect  the President at any cost.   The cost is our national security. The cost is our democracy. No  matter how much the President and his protectors in Congress try to  change the subject, we are not, on the floor of this Senate, going to  lose sight of what is really at stake.   I yield the floor.   