 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1077, I call  up the resolution (H. Res. 1071) recognizing that allowing illegal  immigrants the right to vote devalues the franchise and diminishes the  voting power of United States citizens, and ask for its immediate  consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous materials on H. Res. 1071.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.  [[Page H9048]]    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution, which expresses  the official position of the United States House of Representatives  regarding the sanctity of the vote in our Federal system.   The authors of America's founding documents extolled the necessity of  voting to a free society. Thomas Jefferson, the principal author of the  Declaration of Independence, believed that ``should things go wrong at  any time, the people will set them to rights by the peaceable exercise  of their elective rights.''   Jefferson also believed that ``the elective franchise, if guarded as  the ark of our safety, will peaceably dissipate all combinations to  subvert a constitution dictated by the wisdom, and resting on the will  of the people.''   James Madison, the principal author of the Constitution and  contributor to the Federalist Papers said at the Constitutional  Convention that he ``considered the popular election of one branch of  the national legislature as essential to every plan of free  government,'' and ``that the great fabric to be raised would be more  stable and durable, if it should rest on the solid foundation of the  people themselves.''   Madison continued that: ``Under every view of the subject, it seems  indispensable that the mass of citizens should not be without a voice  in making the laws which they are to obey, and in choosing the  magistrates who are to administer them.''   Alexander Hamilton, another contributor to the Federalist Papers,  wrote that: ``A share in the sovereignty of the state, which is  exercised by the citizens at large, in voting at elections is one of  the most important rights of the subject, and in a republic ought to  stand foremost in the estimation of the law.''   John Jay, the third and final contributor to the Federalist Papers  believed: ``The Americans are the first people whom Heaven has favored  with an opportunity of deliberating upon and choosing the forms of  government under which they should live.''   The Constitution prohibits discrimination in voting based on race,  sex, poll taxes, and age. The sanctity of the vote is also part of the  Supreme Court's jurisprudence on the subject.   In the landmark case of Reynolds v. Sims, the Supreme Court stated:  ``The right of suffrage can be denied by a debasement or dilution of a  weight of a citizen's vote just as effectively as by wholly prohibiting  the free exercise of the franchise.''   Voting is fundamental to a functioning democracy, and it is of  paramount importance that the United States maintain the legitimacy of  its elections and protect them from undue interference, including  foreign threats and illegal voting.   While the Constitution allows States and localities to grant  noncitizens the right to vote in non-Federal elections, citizenship  today denotes an association with America which uniquely encourages  voting in furtherance of the well-being of other Americans and the  sovereign nation to which they owe their allegiance.   Consequently, it is very concerning to me that some localities have  extended to noncitizens the right to vote in certain non-Federal  elections, including school board elections.   Extending voting rights to those who are not lawfully present in the  United States acts as another incentive for foreign nationals to come  to the United States illegally and stay. Instead of helping deter  illegal behavior, jurisdictions such as San Francisco continue to  implement policies that encourage such behavior. They do so to the  detriment of U.S. citizens and legal immigrants alike.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the majority leader for introducing this  resolution, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McCarthy), the majority leader and chief author of this  legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to  the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Duncan).    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Gibbs).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, this is a very straightforward resolution that every  Member of this House can and should vote for. It simply says:  ``Resolved, that the House of Representatives recognizes that allowing  illegal immigrants the right to vote devalues the franchise and  diminishes the voting power of United States citizens.''   When a United States citizen registers and votes, they expect their  vote to be a full vote that counts. When someone who is not lawfully  present in the United States is allowed to go into a polling place and  vote, they dilute the votes of the United States citizens who are  voting in that same election.   Why not recognize that? Why not discourage that? Why not call it  exactly what it is? The House of Representatives recognizes that  allowing illegal immigrants the right to vote devalues the franchise  and diminishes the voting power of United States citizens. It is a very  straightforward resolution. I urge my colleagues to support it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   