 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on  this.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of all three of these  overwhelmingly bipartisan bills.   First, I would like to speak on H.R. 535, the Taiwan Travel Act, a  bill which I introduced this Congress along with my colleague,  Congressman Sherman. We appreciate his support on this and a lot of  other issues in this Congress, Chairman Royce and other Members as  well.   For close to 4 decades now, the 1979 Taiwan Relations Act has served  as a cornerstone of U.S.-Taiwan relations, and together, with President  Reagan's six assurances, we have maintained peace and stability and  security in the Asia-Pacific region. However, there are still major  steps that we can take to further strengthen the U.S.-Taiwan  relationship.   I believe one of the most important improvements that we can make is  to allow the President of Taiwan and other high-ranking officials, like  Taiwan's foreign and defense ministers, to visit Washington, our  Nation's Capital, something that is currently prohibited. This is our  own self-imposed policy and it is outrageous. These restrictions are  only carried out because of potential diplomatic retaliation from the  PRC, from China.   Personally, I think restricting high-level visits by senior Taiwanese  officials is not only insulting, but it is counterproductive.   We should be encouraging more direct dialogue with the democratically  elected President of Taiwan and other highest elected officials.   We let the leaders of China, the PRC, come to Washington on a regular  basis and we give them the highest honors, yet we shun the  democratically elected leaders of our longtime ally, Taiwan.   We need to send a strong signal that the current approach to  bilateral contacts and communications between the U.S. and Taiwan is  outdated and it is time for it to go and be changed, and that is what  this bill is all about.   If we seriously want to promote greater democracy in the region, we  should be as supportive as possible to the countries that are actually  practicing democracy, and that is what Taiwan does. It is a longtime  ally of ours.   That is exactly why I introduced the Taiwan Travel Act along, again,  with Congressman Sherman and Chairman Royce a year ago--January 13,  2017, to be exact.   This bill, which has broad, bipartisan support from a long list of  cosponsors, states that our government should encourage visits between  the U.S. and Taiwan at all levels.   Mr. Speaker, I would also like to quickly voice my support for H.R.  3320, a bill championed by my friend and colleague, Chairman Ted Yoho.  This bill directs the Department of State to assist Taiwan in regaining  observer status in the World Health Organization, WHO. Unfortunately,  Taiwan has been excluded from participating in most of the really  important international organizations, including the WHO, for almost 50  years now.    Many of my colleagues and I have advocated for years for Taiwan's  meaningful participation in the WHO, much to the dismay of China, which  has consistently thwarted these efforts.   Taiwan's exclusion from the WHO creates a dangerous and unnecessary  gap in global health, especially considering the stellar health  research and medical resources Taiwan has to offer.  [[Page H59]]  That is why H.R. 3320 is so important. WHO membership for Taiwan is not  only in the best interests of Taiwan, it is in the best interests of  the rest of the world, including the United States.   Mr. Speaker, lastly, I want to voice my support for H. Res. 676,  Chairman Royce's and Ranking Member Engel's resolution supporting the  rights of the people of Iran and condemning the Iranian regime for its  crackdown on legitimate protesters. This is a commonsense measure.   The current regime in Iran has never respected human rights or the  rule of law. The recent situation in Iran only underscores this  reality.   I am pleased to see my colleagues quickly condemning the atrocities  by that government this very day; however, I want to take this  opportunity to stress the importance of remembering the big picture in  Iran. It is a country, let's face it, that is being run by thugs. Not  only do they perpetrate violence and marginalize their own people, they  harbor, promote, and finance terrorism throughout the region. They  threaten America and its allies. They continue to develop ballistic  missiles, which we know that one day they would like to have tipped  with nuclear devices. That could be a threat not just to our allies in  the region, but the United States.   This most recent outbreak of civil unrest in the country should not  be a surprise, considering the Iranian regime's ruthless tactics.   Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues join me in support of this measure  also and take further steps to hold Iran accountable for both its  domestic and international violations. I urge my colleagues to support  all three of these measures.   Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank the gentlemen from California,  Chairman Royce and Mr. Sherman, for their support on these and other  measures.   