 Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding and for  his dedicated work on the committee leading us through these rather  tumultuous times on a lot of fronts, but he has done a terrific job,  and I have been proud to serve on the committee with him.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today to speak in support of the 2018  Intelligence Authorization Act. Intelligence gathering is of utmost  importance in our national security and is essential in keeping  Americans safe here at home.   It is imperative that we provide to those dedicated individuals of  our intelligence community the tools, resources, and support they need  to carry out missions successfully, and Mr. Chairman, this bill does  just that.   The successful completion of increasingly difficult missions by these  consummate professionals ensures policymakers are provided the crucial  information that they need to make the most informed decisions to  counter our near-term threats and those peaking on the horizon.   This bill addresses both challenges of a constantly changing threat  environment and advances in technology to keep American cybersecurity  at the forefront of global efforts and a step ahead of our adversaries.   Mr. Chair, as you and others in the room know as well, our democratic  [[Page H6131]]  elections have become the target of foreign influence campaigns, not  only here at home, but across the Western world by adversaries seeking  to undermine and disrupt one of our most sacred democratic  institutions.   Mr. Chair, this bill allows for a path for the IC to advise and  inform those on the front lines of our elections of the perceived  threats from abroad. In addition, it also ensures that Congress stays  informed of ongoing adversarial influence campaigns again democratic  elections across the globe and here at home as well, as well as the  actions that our IC is taking to counter those threats.   Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of this year's Intelligence  Authorization Act. I encourage all of my colleagues to vote for it. I  look forward to implementing this in the next year, and the oversight,  authorities and tools that it gives Congress to be able to continue to  provide the correct oversight for our intelligence agencies across the  executive branch.   