 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman from Texas for  her time and for her leadership on national security and intelligence  issues. Indeed, I would like to thank all members of the subcommittee-- Republican and Democrat--and the staff for their hard work to assure  defense and intelligence funding and also for their work on a variety  of continuing resolutions that relate to the same.   Mr. Speaker, I rise, once again, to support this Defense  Appropriations bill just as I did in July and again in September.   I visited our troops in Iraq twice last year in addition to official  trips to north Africa and Southeast Asia. My goal is always to assess  U.S. posture in those regions militarily and diplomatically. I can tell  you, from those experiences, our Nation's competitive military  advantage is badly eroding, and our allies, partners, and adversaries  know it.   So how have we responded? The reality is: not well enough. In fact,  we have pushed our military towards its breaking point. Instead of  upgrading our hardware, we have allowed our equipment to age. Instead  of arming our troops for tomorrow's fight, we have let them become  seriously under-equipped. Instead of rightsizing our Armed Forces, we  have reduced their size.   Mr. Speaker, we ask a great deal of our men and women in uniform. We  ask them to leave their families to complete difficult training. We ask  them to move from duty station to duty station without complaint. We  ask them to tolerate long deployments far from home. We ask them to  carry out dangerous missions in dangerous corners of the world. We ask  them to reenlist with their families to preserve the strength of our  Armed Forces.   Every passing day of reduced military funding levels creates an ever- increasing risk for our men and women on the front lines. We should not  ask them to continue to do more with less. This full-year Defense  Appropriations bill needs to be enacted now, and may I say the other 11  appropriations bills as well.   