 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   One of the highlights of my being in Congress was getting a call from  Ed Meese, asking if I would work with him on criminal justice reform. I  was glad to do that.   It was amazing, having the ACLU and Heritage working together and  groups working together, but more of our focus was on requiring intent  to be proven before you could lock up people, take away their freedom,  things like the 5,000 or so Federal crimes that allow violations of  regulations that no elected official has ever participated in to be the  basis for somebody losing their freedom. Those were important.   But that is not what this criminal justice reform bill is about. That  is why some call it a jailbreak bill.   Under the bill, there are some good things, improvements on  rehabilitation. I am glad that Ted Cruz' amendment passed in the  Senate, so that violent carjackers are not going to be allowed to have  a chance to have their time cut.   But there are 1,466 offenders relating to coercion, enticement of  children into sex crimes, who will be eligible. There are 5,934  offenders relating to bank robbery involving violence or risk of death,  and they will be eligible. There are others involving violence on  officers, law enforcement officers.   Look, on behalf of the sheriffs, the prosecutors, people like me--I  was a State felony judge--we worked very hard to come together on a  proper sentence. Plea agreements were made for a lesser sentence.   The National Sheriffs' Association says it ``stands firmly opposed to  this very dangerous bill.''   Crime rates will go up within 2 years, if this bill passes, which  apparently it will, but somebody needed to state what is coming when we  do this.    Mr. Speaker, we hear references to an ``immoral'' wall.  We have heard ``wall'' demonized. Yet, I read yesterday that President  Obama, in his new house, has constructed a 10-foot wall around his  property. Now, either the walls work or they don't.   And if we are going to have Democrats continue to say they don't  work, then you need to stand up and say: Mr. Obama, tear down your  wall.   