 The Senator will yield.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  resume executive session and consideration of the Haspel nomination.    Madam President, I thank our friend, the chairman of the  committee, the Senator from North Carolina.   We have gone through a lot over the last couple of years, and I  appreciate the fact that in terms of timing, he is going to allow me to  speak first on Gina Haspel.   Gina Haspel is among the most qualified people to be nominated for  the position of the Director of the CIA. She has served with the Agency  for 33 years, including tours as a Case Officer, four times as a  Station Chief, the Deputy Chief of National Resources Division, the  Deputy Director of the National Clandestine Service, and currently as  the Deputy Director of the Agency. In many ways, her story is  representative of the thousands of people at the Agency and throughout  the intelligence community who serve quietly, without recognition, and  often at great personal risk in order to keep our Nation safe from  those who wish to do us harm.   In addition, while she has not emphasized this, we should not  overlook the historic nature of Ms. Haspel's nomination as the first  woman to be nominated as Director of the CIA. Seeing her portrait in  the halls of the Agency next to the long line of former Directors will  be a long overdue but important breakthrough for the intelligence  community.   I would also note that as a Senator from Virginia, the home to  thousands of CIA personnel and the vice chairman of the Intelligence  Committee, I have heard from many Agency officers--and for that matter,  members of the rank and file of other intelligence community agencies-- and almost to a person, the rank and file have supported her  nomination.   Let me be clear. This has not been an easy decision for me. Over the  past several weeks, I have held multiple meetings and calls with Ms.  Haspel and many others about her record and her character. In our open  hearing, I raised questions about her involvement with the rendition,  detention, and interrogation program and, if she were to be confirmed,  her willingness to push back if President Trump asked her to undertake  any immoral or legally questionable activity. I questioned her  willingness to declassify, to the extent possible, more information  about her background at the Agency. I still wish more could be done to  discuss her background in an open setting. The Agency just recently has  declassified more information about her service with the  counterterrorism center. I thank them for that but still believe it  would have been preferable if we could have found a way to be even more  transparent. If she is confirmed as Director, I would encourage Ms.  Haspel to keep this in mind.   To those here who have concluded that Ms. Haspel's background with  the RDI program should preclude her from leading the CIA, well, I  respect their arguments, and I know the passion with which they put  forward their position. I myself struggled with this point.   Many people at the CIA participated in the program. They were told it  was legal by the Justice Department and ordered by the President, but  some of the actions undertaken were repugnant and amounted to torture.  Since those days, America has had a long debate about the standards  that we, as a nation, can and should apply to the treatment of  detainees regardless of who they might be. That is why I was one of the  17 cosponsors in the Senate of the McCain-Feinstein amendment to  prohibit torture and to prohibit any interrogation techniques not  authorized by the U.S. Army Field Manual. That is why I voted to both  approve and to declassify the Senate Intelligence Committee's extensive  study of the RDI program.   I strongly believe that we, as Americans, have a duty to look  squarely at our mistakes and not to sweep them under the rug but to  learn from them and, in the future, to do better. Nor do I believe that  we can excuse torture or the way in which detainees--no matter who they  were or what crimes they were guilty of--were treated. We are better  than that, and we need a CIA Director who will ensure in an ironclad  way that we will never return to those days, that we will follow the  law as enacted by Congress.   This is why I pushed Ms. Haspel, both in our hearings and in our  private meetings, on this very point: What is her view now of the RDI  program? And how will she react if she were asked, as Director, to  undertake something similar in the future? In both our one-on-one  meetings and in classified sessions before the committee, I found  Acting Director Haspel to be forthcoming regarding her views on that  program. However, I thought it was important that she say this in  public, not just privately, which is why I asked her to memorialize  those comments in writing.   Gina Haspel wrote: ``With the benefit of hindsight and my experience  as a senior Agency leader, the enhanced interrogation program is not  one the CIA should have undertaken.''   I believe this is a clear statement of growth as a leader and  learning from mistakes of the past. While I also wish that she would  have been more forceful, I also understand her reluctance to condemn  the many men and women at the Agency who thought they were doing the  right thing at that time.   I first met Gina at one of her overseas postings, but I didn't really  get to work with her until this last year, when the former Director  appointed her to be Deputy Director of the Agency. Over the last year,  I have found her to be professional and forthright with our  Intelligence Committee.   I have had the ability to have candid, unfiltered discussions with  her. Whether the challenge we confront is North Korea, ISIS terrorists,  or the long-term challenges of countries like China and Russia, I will  feel safer knowing that the CIA has Ms. Haspel at the helm.   Most importantly, I believe she is someone who can and will stand up  to  [[Page S2749]]  the President and who will speak truth to power. If this President  orders her to do something illegal or immoral, such as return to  torture, she will refuse. I believe this not just because she has told  me so or because she wrote it in a letter or even because she said it  in front of the committee under oath; I believe it, as well, because I  have heard it from people who have worked with her for years, people  who know and trust her--John Brennan, Jim Clapper, Leon Panetta, Jim  Mattis, and many, many others who have served Presidents of both  parties. Every one of them has said that they trust her to push back on  actions that might be inappropriate coming from this President.   I furthermore believe that she is someone who will push back--and  push back strongly--against any attempts by this President to undercut,  denigrate, or ignore the professional men and women of the CIA and  their responsibility, again--first and foremost--to speak truth to  power, whatever the political implications may be.   It is for these reasons that I am supporting Gina Haspel's nomination  to be the Director of the CIA. I respect my colleagues who made a  different decision. This is not an easy choice. I, too, have spent  weeks working through it, but at the end of the day and as we vote,  hopefully, later this afternoon, I believe Gina Haspel should be  confirmed. I look forward to supporting her. I look forward to her  being a good Director of the CIA. I look forward to her performance,  convincing those who could not support her today that her long-term  value to our country will make our Nation safer and that she will act  in accordance with the principles and values of our country.   I yield the floor and 30 seconds to my colleague, the chairman of the  committee.   I want to thank him, as well, for continuing to push not only Ms.  Haspel but the Agency, the Department of Justice, and others to make  sure that members of the committee and, to another extent, Members of  the Senate had as much access to information as ever before with any  CIA Director. I value our working relationship with the committee.  Sometimes the chairman and I don't always agree, but we always deal  with things in a straightforward manner.   I yield the floor to my dear friend, the chairman.   