 Mr. Speaker, just listening to some of this debate, it  seems like some folks just want to find a way to vote ``no'' on this  bill when there are many reasons to vote ``yes.''   I am pleased to rise today in support of Vice Chairman McHenry's  bill, H.R. 3299, the Protecting Consumers' Access to Credit Act of  2017. I also want to commend him for his hard work on this very  important issue.   Under the valid-when-made doctrine, the interest rate on a loan that  complies with Federal law when it is made will remain valid, regardless  of whether that loan is transferred to a third party. This is an  important principle, and it is essential to maintaining a vibrant  secondary market and fostering continued growth in the online lending  industry.   The Second Circuit's decision in Madden v. Midland, which challenged  the valid-when-made doctrine, introduced significant uncertainty and  risk,  [[Page H1151]]  threatening both the secondary market and fintech lending partnerships.  This ultimately hurts consumers.   At the Financial Services Committee, we have extensively discussed  the difficulty that many Americans face in getting credit. Madden v.  Midland will only intensify that challenge for families and Main Street  businesses as it jeopardizes the ability of banks to sell loans into  the secondary market.   If banks find it difficult to sell debt to nonbanks, a common and  healthy practice, they will be forced to become more restrictive in  offering credit, and they may do so at a higher cost. Because of this,  fewer consumers will be able to access the funds they need to build,  invest, and innovate.   Throughout the course of the slow and uneven postcrisis economic  recovery, we settled into a two-speed economy. The biggest and richest  and best-connected firms have done just fine. They have a relatively  easy time accessing funds. Small businesses, however, have been  struggling to keep up. In fact, many haven't even gotten off the  ground.   Researchers found that our economy is currently missing 650,000 small  businesses; that is 650,000 fewer businesses that can innovate, create  jobs, and invest in our communities. And those 650,000 businesses would  have represented 6\1/2\ million jobs, 6\1/2\ million taxpayers, 6\1/2\  million people contributing to help Social Security and Medicare and  helping to pay for our veterans' care.   Anyone who travels this country talking to small-business owners  knows that access to credit is a major cause. By codifying valid when  made, this bill will help to address one of the most pressing threats  to our economic recovery and the resurgence of American small business.   As the OCC's former Acting Comptroller Keith Noreika noted, this  ``proposal supports economic opportunity.''   H.R. 3299 will help to keep credit flowing through to those who need  it, while ensuring that consumers are protected. This is a commonsense  fix that provides the market with the clarity needed to support  continued economic growth. I urge my colleagues to support the  Protecting Consumers' Access to Credit Act of 2017.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Both of the gentlemen, Mr. McHenry and Mr. Rothfus, who are advancing  this legislation come from States that don't support it.   Mr. McHenry, North Carolina has banned payday lending. Mr. Rothfus,  Pennsylvania has banned payday lending. And here you have a bill that  would allow payday lenders to buy up debt from national banks and,  basically, charge consumers whatever they would like to charge them.  They would get around the ban of your own States. Do you really want to  do this?   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks  to the Chair.   