 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise today for one simple reason, and  that reason is to tell this body to stop pointing fingers and start  writing a budget that works for not only my State but every State in  the Union. It can be done. It has been done many, many times before.   Unfortunately, this year our budget ran out on September 30. We had a  CR that took us from the next day, October 1, to December 8. When  December 8 rolled around, we had another continuing resolution to take  us from December 8 to December 22. When December 22 came around, we had  another CR that took us from December 22 to January 19, and that is  where we are today, because some of us said enough is enough. We need  to have a budget that works for this country. Here we are on day 2 of  the government shutdown, and this body can't even agree to pay our  troops. That is how dysfunctional we have become. Now we are using  military men and women as political pawns because of the dysfunction we  have here in Washington, DC. In the past, we have always taken care of  these folks because our servicemembers and their families have  sacrificed much for this country, but we continue to draw it out--the  leadership of this body--for political gains.   The folks I talk to, the rank-and-file folks on both sides of the  aisle, think it is ridiculous. They think it is ridiculous that we have  gotten here in the first place. But the truth is, if we are going to  give predictability and the ability for our agencies to plan and the  military to plan and the VA to plan and our border security folks to  plan and everybody else, we need to have a budget that goes longer than  month to month or 3 weeks to 3 weeks.   We need a budget that funds more than just CHIP. It is interesting  that CHIP could have been reauthorized months ago. I did events in  Montana and talked about how important it was months ago. I am  cosponsoring a bill that has sat on the leader's desk that could have  been passed months ago. But it was put in I guess as a sweetener.  Unfortunately, using CHIP as a political pawn isn't exactly what I had  in mind for a program that has been around for nearly 20 years and has  served Montana's families so very, very well.   That is not the only program we haven't funded. We haven't funded our  community health centers. I heard the Senator from Alaska talking about  how critically important they are for Alaska. They are critically  important for Montana. I have a notion that they are critically  important for every rural State in the Union and probably every urban  State, too, as far as that goes. That needs to be taken care of. In  Montana, where we have just over 1 million people, 100,000 people  depend on community health centers for their healthcare.   There is a thing called 340B. Not to get into the weeds too far, but  these are payments given to hospitals that hold pharmaceutical  companies accountable and keep our hospitals open. I have had hospital  administrators and former hospital administrators in my office over the  last month telling me that if this doesn't get fixed, we are going to  lose hospitals in Montana, once again taking access away from many  folks. This is not included in any of this. It could have been done  months ago.   There have been plenty of folks who have come to the floor to talk  about opioids and to talk about pensions. Neither of those is included  in this.   There is no money for the borders. The southern border needs some  attention. The northern border does, too, particularly the ports.   There is no predictability for our military. Defense Secretary Mattis  has said that many, many times.   Things that are closer to home, such as rural ambulance services,  need to be addressed. This isn't addressed and isn't going to be  addressed unless we push the envelope and work to get things done.   Teaching health centers allow us to have doctors in places around  this country that can't get doctors, and this is critically important.   Medicaid coverage for physical therapists and occupational  therapists--we are going to lose these folks if we don't have it.   The Special Diabetes Program--particularly for Indian Country, where  diabetes is rampant--needs to be addressed, plus a whole lot more.   When I was in high school, I debated for a couple years, and one of  the things that were interesting during debate--you go through debate,  and you hear the affirmative and negative lay out their cases, much in  the same way that is being done by the two leaders here on this issue.  When you were done debating and one team was particularly behind or  ahead, they would say, well, they didn't make a case on why this is a  good idea, or, they didn't make a case--the negative did not make a  case on why their case should stand over the affirmative.   I hear the same thing today when folks come to the floor and say:  People agree with everything that is in this. Well, I don't because  there ain't much in there. We have been coming here for the last 4  months since the budget ran out at the end of September and continue to  kick the can down the road. That is just how dysfunctional this body  has become. We can't do the basic thing we were elected to do, and that  is to pass a budget for the year for the  [[Page S402]]  things that are included that are important to this country. Whether it  be military or healthcare or whether it be issues that revolve around  Medicare or pensions, we just don't do much, and I think many of us are  getting very tired of saying: You know what, we don't want to put forth  any excellence in this body. We don't want to put forth any vision or  any leadership. We are just going to do the bare minimum every day.   We need to stop. Congress needs to stop with short-term solutions,  going from crisis to crisis. That is no way to run a nation, and I will  state that most folks on both sides of the aisle would agree. That is  why we need to start working together to get this problem fixed,  because it is a problem--the problem of 3-week or 4-week CRs, the  problem of not addressing the issues that are so critically important  to working families and businesses in this country. It needs to stop.  We need to work together.   I said yesterday that we are being pulled apart by the far left and  the far right, and that is the truth. In days gone past, in Mike  Mansfield's day, 70 percent of the work got done in the middle. Now we  don't even do the basic work today.   So I would say, let's get together. The truth is, the Republicans  control the White House, they control the House, they control the  Senate, and they control the agenda. And they should--they won the last  election. But that doesn't mean we shouldn't work together as Democrats  and Republicans and most importantly as Americans to do what is right  by this country.   So I would just ask that particularly the leaders on both sides get  together, do the tough negotiations, compromise, and come up with a  budget that works for not only Montana but for every State in this  great country.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wisconsin.   