 Mr. President, I am here to join Senator Daines in  recommending the Legislative appropriations bill to our colleagues. I  note his history lesson--10 years since we passed a Legislative Branch  appropriations bill on the floor of the Senate. During none of those 10  years was Senator Daines chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee on  the Legislative Branch. Things are changing here, and it has been a  real pleasure and honor to work with Senator Daines on this bill, which  we bring to the floor in a bipartisan manner.   Let me be brief in not trying to cover the ground that Senator Daines  has already covered, but I agree; I think this is a good bill, one that  we can all support.   Let me add a few pieces to some of the highlights my colleague laid  out for you. The first of those is the fact that this bill commits us  to finally restoring GAO staffing to its 2011 levels. This is really  important because every dollar we appropriate to GAO gets about a $128  taxpayer return because of the efficiencies they recommend that then  get adopted. GAO lost about 343 staff from 2002 to 2003 during the  sequester. We are putting them back to the place where they can do  important work for us.   Second, let me reiterate the important investments we are making in  the Capitol Police. The threats that we face and our staff face and  visitors face aren't imaginary. Again, it was a year ago last week when  a gunman came after our colleagues in the House and the Senate at a  baseball practice off campus. It is important that this bill recognizes  the threats we face are not just on campus but are in other places  around the Capitol and has some resources to make sure that both the  Capitol Police and the Senate Sergeant at Arms are making sure that  Members and staff are protected not only on campus but also at events  off campus that may come with certain serious risks.   In this bill, CRS is put on a path to restore its 13-percent staff  loss. Again, over the course of sequester, a lot of the agencies that  serve us took some pretty serious hits. They don't make that up in this  bill, but they are set on a path where they can get back to the kind of  footing we are putting GAO on in this legislation. A long-needed  modernization of the copyright office is kicked off in this  legislation. Again, that is a long-term plan, but we are kicking it  off. It is very, very much overdue.   We are also beginning another process that I think will be really  important to the campus. We are beginning the process of exploring  options to expand the size of the Senate childcare center. Pretty much  every large employer in the country offers some level of childcare  services to employees. The Senate barely does that. We have 6,200  employees and just 68 childcare slots. There are actually only nine  infant slots in the Senate. Over the course of the last few years, the  House has tripled the size of its childcare center. We are going to  begin taking a look at what the options might be to expand our capacity  as well.   Let me end by highlighting, again, this small fund in the bill that  will allow Senators to begin paying interns. It is important to note  that this is totally optional, so any Senator who wants to use this  fund can, only for the purpose of paying interns. If they don't use it,  it goes right back to the Treasury.   Each of us has our own unique journey as to how we got to be a U.S.  Senator; mine started as a Senate intern. I was an intern for Senator  Chris Dodd, but there is no way I could have taken advantage of that  opportunity had my family not had the resources to be able to send me  to Washington for a summer, had I not had the family resources to be  able to pay rent for a summer.   The fact is, that experience is foreclosed to far too many American  children because many Senate offices--not all but many Senate offices-- do not pay their interns. This would at least give the option for  Senate offices to do the same.   Let me again thank Senator Daines--we worked really well together on  this bill--and Chairman Shelby and Vice Chairman Leahy. It is good that  we are bringing back regular order, at least for now, on the  appropriations process.   My view is that the default position on these bills should be to  allow amendments to come to the floor and to have a vote; that we  shouldn't have to twist so many arms in order to get votes on  amendments; that we shouldn't be afraid of putting our vote down on any  particular amendment, whether it be an easy one or a tough  [[Page S4024]]  one. We are beginning to start exercising those muscles on this  minibus.   I thank Chairman Daines, Chairman Shelby, and Vice Chairman Leahy for  their work in allowing us to bring this product to the floor.   I yield back.   