 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time to  me, and I thank our ranking member, again, for trying to work together.   Again, I respectfully support H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates  Information and Transparency Act of 2017. This is an issue that I have  been working on since the 1990s in the State legislature. In fact, I  was the author of house bill 66 when the Democrats controlled the  Governorship, the House, the Senate, and the State legislature. I was  able to pass the first unfunded mandates bill in the State of Texas.   This particular issue in Congress started in 1995 under the Clinton  administration. Again, with a Republican Congress working together, the  Congress passed the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act in 1995.   This legislation was designed to prevent the Federal Government from  imposing unfunded mandates on States and local governments, or private  businesses, without policymakers or the public knowing the cost of such  policies.   This legislation ensured public awareness of the financial burden of  Federal mandates on small-business owners and on State and local  governments. However, this unfunded mandates bill has not been amended  since 1995, and some of those changes are necessary to preserve and  improve the act's initial purpose.   This bill closes some of the loopholes by removing independent agency  reporting exemptions, setting forth detailed assessment criteria, and  allowing judicial review of agency assessments.   My district has a number of rural and underserved communities that  need many resources. Imposing unfunded mandates on these kinds of  communities makes life even more difficult for hardworking Americans to  access basic needs, such as water infrastructure, sanitary water, and  adequate living conditions.   Additionally, this bill requires that Federal agencies consult with  the private sector when issuing regulations. What is wrong with  consultation? Again, it allows recourse for companies, if agencies do  not comply.   As a former small-business owner, I know the challenges of opening a  business; the challenges of keeping a business open, including finding  the resources and funds to get started; and how to keep a business  running, especially on a tight budget.   Higher costs for these entrepreneurs make it more difficult for them  to start and maintain a business, which means blunted economic growth  for communities that need it the most, like the ones I represent in  south Texas.   This bill restores and provides a framework to provide clarity to  small business and local governments, and allows workers and  entrepreneurs to freely pursue their dreams.   The bottom line is this: This bill will create more certainty for our  Nation's businesses, including the small-business owners and the  entrepreneurs who invest in the future, and allow more Americans to  achieve the dream of business ownership.   I encourage my colleagues from both parties to support it.    Mr. Chair, I thank Chairwoman Foxx for introducing this  legislation and encourage both sides of the aisle to support it.   I understand this is a process. Hopefully, as we go along, after this  bill passes, we will work this out in the Senate.   