 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   I would like to begin by reminding everyone that the Financial  Protection Bureau, under the leadership of Director Cordray, returned  $12 billion to American consumers, including $140 million in  enforcement and consumer savings related to auto loans.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to S.J. Res. 57, a direct  attack on people of color, vulnerable persons, and any other person of  a protected class who is subject to financial discrimination by auto  lenders.   This resolution is an unambiguous stamp of approval for Office of  Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney's agenda to shutter the  CFPB by removing its ability to protect consumers and police  discriminatory lending policies.   But aside from my deep, substantive concerns with this resolution, I  am fundamentally opposed to this reckless and unprecedented use of the  Congressional Review Act. The legislative history and plain reading of  the statute make it clear that the CRA was designed to provide Congress  with an opportunity to review new rules, not long-established agency  guidance.   But because this archaic law was poorly designed--it actually  requires agencies to physically submit thousands of rules every year in  triplicate by courier--it is inevitable that some guidance will not be  physically received by Congress for purposes of the CRA.   Today's resolution to disapprove guidance issued 5 years ago on  procedural grounds makes it painfully obvious that the CRA has not only  been horribly misused by Republicans, but it is irredeemably broken as  well. In this Congress alone, Republicans have repealed more than a  dozen critical protections for hardworking Americans with little notice  or debate.   And how many jobs will this reckless agenda create, Mr. Speaker?  None. We know this because President Trump's director of legislative  affairs was asked whether these rollbacks would spur employment growth,  and he conceded they would not.   So, if not to create jobs, stimulate the economy, or help working  families, why vacate these commonsense rules? Corporate money, Mr.  Speaker.   According to a report by Public Citizen, special interest groups  spent more than $1 billion in lobbying and campaign expenditures in  opposition to the 14 rules already repealed by this Congress. And last  month, OMB Director Mulvaney told a room full of bank lobbyists that  campaign contributions were a determining factor for who he met with  while serving as a Member of Congress, a disgraceful signal to  corporations that this is a pay-to-play administration that is for  sale.   That is why I have introduced the Sunset the CRA and Restore American  Protections Act, or the SCRAP Act, to address this blatant abuse of  process and to immediately restore the rules previously repealed by  this Congress to the detriment of the American people.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this resolution, and I thank the  gentlewoman for yielding.   