 Mr. Speaker, even with that introduction, I thank my very  good friend and colleague from Colorado for holding this Special Order.   I am honored actually to be on the House floor with so many of my  esteemed colleagues, who have taken a back seat to no one when it comes  to standing up for our natural resources: for the conservation title,  specifically, of this farm bill. And I am looking at the gentlewoman  from Maine (Ms. Pingree) and the work that she has done on agriculture  policy throughout the years, and her service to her district: the  introduction of the local Farms Act that she has worked on in a  bipartisan fashion. My friend from Oregon, who is one of the foremost  thinkers and leaders when it comes to environmental policy, but the  impact on our family farms throughout our country.   This is an important moment, because this is one of the more  important bills that we have to consider in this session of Congress:  the renewal of the farm bill. We have a chance every five or six years  to take a look at the program to see what is working, what isn't, and  fix what isn't working to make sure that we are empowering our farmers  with the tools and resources that they need to be successful.   I come from one of the largest agriculture producing districts in the  Nation, in rural western and north-central Wisconsin. It has been tough  in farm country in the last few years, given where commodity prices  have been, and, yes, where milk prices have been falling for the last 3  years. It is very difficult for these individual entities and family  farms to succeed with this very tough market that they are facing right  now.   That is why taking our time to get this farm bill done right is the  appropriate thing to do. But, unfortunately, the farm bill in its  current form misses the mark in so many areas.   There has been a lot of discussion about what is happening under the  conservation title, the elimination of the Conservation Stewardship  Program, which has worked incredibly well, and has been very successful  for my family farmers in Wisconsin. I come from a very hilly area with  bluffs and coulees: a lot of highly sensitive and erodible land and a  lot of water source.   Being able to use a Conservation Stewardship Program that is built in  for the flexibility for what my farmers need, and the technical  assistance that they need, to put good conservation plans in practice  is very important. As the previous speaker highlighted, too, the demand  is overwhelming. Three out of every four farmers nationwide applying  for conservation funding assistance are currently turned away because  of the inadequacy of resources.    By eliminating the Conservation Stewardship Program and rolling it  into the EQIP program eliminates $800 million worth of base funding.  This comes on the heels of the previous farm bill, where there were $8  billion worth of cuts under the conservation title. We are not stepping  up to address the need that exists in farm country; instead, we are  rolling it back even further.   But the problems with this farm bill don't just end under the  conservation title. Under title I commodity programs, they are lifting  the payment limitation caps that had been in existence for some time.  Now, pass-through entities will be able to qualify for these subsidy  payments.   I think the average viewer, and average taxpayer, would be shocked to  see the mailing addresses for these commodity subsidy programs going to  New York, Chicago, and San Francisco, ending up on the doorsteps of  multi-millionaires and billionaires, who are receiving government  subsidies under the commodity program. That is wrong. These people  won't even set foot on a family farm. Rolling back any protections that  exist under the multiple entity rule, which means that husbands, wives,  daughters, sisters, sons, aunts, and uncles can qualify for the same  payments, is also wrong.   Finally, there is an opportunity to tighten the crop insurance  program. Right now, it is prohibited from even tracking these crop  insurance premium subsidies. You can't even track it to the individual.   If there is one thing that this farm bill should demand is complete  transparency. The American taxpayer deserves to know where their tax  dollars are going, but they can't now under the crop insurance program.  That is something else that I am trying to fix with an amendment. We  are going to find out later today what amendments are made in order to  try to improve this bill. It may be beyond salvage at this point coming  out of the House, but we still have time later this year to do the  right thing to make sure that this farm bill speaks to the needs of our  family farmers back home and not to the powerful special interests here  in Washington.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague again for yielding me this time.   