 First of all, Mr. President, we are about to go to  conference. The first three votes here are very, very significant. They  are considered to be maybe the most consequential votes of the year.   We have been working closely with the President on our John S. McCain  National Defense Authorization Act. It is going to be a reality. We  have done this through regular order in a very effective way. The  Senate Armed Services Committee has been in concert with our combatant  commanders, with Secretary Mattis, with the service chiefs, with the  President. We have had a markup, our committee markup. We actually had  over 300 amendments.   I am disturbed that we can't change this policy we have had for a  long period of time that says that if one person on the floor objects  when we are considering a bill--the NDAA, which we have considered  successfully for 57 years--we are not going to be able to consider  amendments. That is something we may want to address. To overcome that,  we adopted 47 bipartisan amendments, both through the managers' package  and the votes on the floor.   Tomorrow, we are going to hold our first big meeting of the  conferees. I have been through a number of these in the past. This is  where Members of the House and the Senate meet each other, talk about  their issues, and talk about their successes and what they want to  accomplish in this conference report. I have already visited with  Ranking Member Senator Reed, Chairman Thornberry, and Ranking Member  Smith, and we have a commitment to finish this conference report by the  end of July. It is very ambitious. It is something we will be able to  do.   The second vote we are going to have is to instruct the conferees in  terms of the CFIUS issue. Personally, having recently been to China and  the South China Sea, seeing what they are doing right now in northern  Africa, in Djibouti--we have a different China than we had before. We  are going to have to thoroughly review foreign transactions for  national security concerns. I think Senator Cornyn is on the right  track. I fully support his amendment.   The last one we will have is from Senator Reed, and I think this is  significant too. Our President has said several times--I have to say  this. Not one President in my memory, Democratic or Republican, has  been successful in getting our allies and NATO to carry their share of  the burden. This President is getting very tough on that. I think the  Reed motion to instruct conferees on NATO is one that will give him a  lot of the force that he needs to impact these other countries.   If you take 29 countries--67 percent of our actual budget for our  country is the entire amount for 29 countries. That isn't right. This  is something we can change, and we will hopefully succeed in doing that  during this conference we will have.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Just for one comment.    Mr. President, I commend the Senator from Texas, Mr.  Cornyn, for the effort he has put forth on a very difficult issue. I  wholeheartedly agree with him.   I must say that this morning I received a phone call from Secretary  Mattis, who strongly supports this and says we really need to have  this.    Mr. President, I agree with the Senator from Rhode  Island.   I would like to say that there are 29 members of NATO. Of the 29  countries, if you take all of their defense budgets and add them  together, the United States' defense dollars equal about 67 percent of  that.   I believe this is sending the right message to let them know that we  appreciate them--that is, our partners in NATO--but also that our  President has made a very strong pitch that each one of them come up  with 2 percent for their commitment, and they have not done it. I think  the President needs to have our support. I think this does add  legitimacy to that request.   I believe that burden-sharing has always been a problem. We have  never been able to do it under Republican or Democrat Presidents, and  this, maybe, is the time that we can get it done.   I support this motion.   