 Mr. Chairman, Kristen Holman adored her little  brother, Garrett. She cherished his warm heart and his bigger than life  personality. She loved her brother unconditionally, as did her mother  and father, Bobbie and Don.   Unfortunately, on February 9, 2017, at the age of 20, Garrett lost  his life to a synthetic opioid that was mailed straight to him from  China. My district lost a promising young man, Don and Bobby lost their  son, and Kristen lost her little brother and only sibling.   Sadly, tens of thousands of families across the Nation have lost  their loved ones to the opioid crisis. According to the Centers for  Disease Control, drug overdoses killed over 64,000 Americans in 2016, a  staggering increase of over 21 percent from 2015.   Of those souls lost, over 20,000 deaths were caused by synthetic  opioids, the same type of drug that took Garrett's life.   Regrettably, the suffering shows no signs of slowing, as deaths from  synthetic opioids have more than doubled from last year.   Synthetic drugs can be more potent and deadly than the real thing.  However, when law enforcement encounters a certain synthetic drug  compound and takes steps under current Federal law to bring the drug  under lawful control, the manufacturers of these synthetics slightly  alter the chemical structure of the drug to once again evade law  enforcement. As a result, law enforcement is constantly one step behind  the manufacturers.   Left undeterred, manufacturers and distributors continue to flood the  U.S. with deadly synthetic drugs. Seizures of illicit fentanyl by  Customs and Border Protection increased 64,000 percent between 2013 and  2017. We must stop this flood of poison that is fueling an epidemic  that has taken far too many lives.   The Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act,  or SITSA, ensures that manufacturers and distributors of deadly  synthetic drugs cannot continue to evade law enforcement. SITSA  modernizes the Controlled Substances Act by clarifying the regulation  of synthetic analogues.   First, SITSA modernizes the Controlled Substances Act to establish  schedule A, a new category for controlled substance analogues.   Second, the act establishes a streamlined mechanism by which  synthetic analogues can be temporarily and/or permanently added to  schedule A, but only after a thorough analysis by the Attorney General  and the Secretary of Health and Human Services.   Altogether, SITSA will combat the flow of synthetic drugs that have  taken both Garrett's life and lives of 20,000 Americans over the last  year.   This bill was carefully crafted over the past 2 years with extensive  coordination between law enforcement agencies from the Department of  Justice and scientists and researchers at the Department of Health and  Human Services.   Together, this bill strikes a balance between giving law enforcement  the ability to stop the flow of deadly synthetic drugs while allowing  the research community to study these dangerous drugs, identify the  root causes of addiction, and advance the latest cures for serious  illnesses.   Mr. Chairman, we cannot stand idle as criminal manufacturers and  distributors of synthetic drugs continue to flood our country and  destroy the lives of countless Americans. Not one more family should  feel the pain that the Holmans feel after a synthetic drug shipped from  China took Garrett's life.   SITSA is a bipartisan bill, and I commend Mr. Katko and Miss Rice,  both of New York, for their efforts in moving this legislation forward.  I urge my colleagues to support SITSA and bring an end to the era where  manufacturers and distributors can freely profit from selling these  dangerous drugs and destroy so many lives.   