 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 717, the Pro bono Work to  Empower and Represent Act of 2018, or the POWER Act as, as amended.   It seeks to promote pro bono legal services as a way to empower  survivors of domestic violence. We all know that domestic violence,  dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking affect the people of  every single one of our communities in profound ways.   Alas, the demand for legal services to assist victims who find  themselves in a domestic violence situation far exceeds the  availability of free or low-cost legal services, and yet research  consistently shows, as the chairman of the Judiciary Committee just  pointed out, that if you have got a lawyer, then you are significantly  better equipped to prevent future domestic violence than if you don't  have a lawyer. In fact, those victims who have a lawyer are three times  more likely to be able to prevent future violence than those who are  without a lawyer.   So this measure is consistent with the spirit and the goals of the  legal profession. The American Bar Association's Model Rules of  Professional Conduct encourage attorneys to bridge the gap in  representation by providing free legal services to people who are  unable to pay them, and this is an especially  [[Page H6284]]  vulnerable and often destitute population.   One bar jurisdiction that has stepped up in a very profound way to  meet this professional standard and challenge is the District of  Columbia Bar which has an extraordinary and successful project created  by Karen Barker Marcou and Kathleen Buhle Biden which is called the DC  Volunteer Lawyers Project. They just celebrated their 10th anniversary.  They have 2,100 lawyers who have signed up pro bono to offer their  assistance to victims of domestic violence, stalking, date rape, and so  on.   They serve more than 1,000 clients every single year. They were just  given an award by the D.C. Bar for the work that they have put together  solely through the volunteer efforts of lawyers in the District of  Columbia Bar.   So this legislation would modestly and simply direct the chief judge  in each Federal judicial district to organize at least one public event  annually for the next 4 years to promote pro bono legal services to  victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and  stalking in the districts in which the court serves its jurisdiction.   In the case of districts containing an Indian Tribe or Tribal  organization, chief judges in partnership with the Tribes would have to  lead at least one public event promoting such pro bono legal services  during each 2-year period.   People who have experienced and survived these types of violence  deserve and will benefit from all the information and assistance that  can be provided in such public events. Too often survivors simply don't  know what resources are out there and are available to help them. S.  717 will help survivors of domestic violence vindicate their rights and  protect themselves from future assaults which are still a scourge on  the land.   I support this legislation. Obviously, there is a lot more we can do.  Congress should work to allocate resources to the recruitment,  training, and placement of pro bono attorneys through the myriad of  already existing bar association programs like the one in the District  of Columbia.   Of course, Congress should work to reauthorize the Violence Against  Women Act which provides an indispensable array of programs that help  address domestic violence and sexual assault. We should not let the  authorization for these important protections lapse.   All of these efforts are important, and the measure before us today  will support a comprehensive response to these types of crimes. I  support this bill, and I commend my colleague, Representative Joe  Kennedy, for his leadership in authoring the House companion to the  Senate bill.   I want to thank the chairman for his leadership, and I urge my  colleagues to join me in voting for this legislation so we may bring it  one step closer to enactment.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Kennedy), who is my friend and  colleague. Representative Joe Kennedy is not only a distinguished  champion of the rights of women and a foe of domestic violence, but he  is a former prosecutor who spent a lot of time in Massachusetts  prosecuting domestic violence cases.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Domestic violence is a reign of terror for people who are caught up  in it. Historically, of course, domestic violence was bolstered by a  compliant or indifferent, sexist criminal justice system and laws that  were inadequate to the task.   Even today, in many parts of the world, from Afghanistan to Saudi  Arabia to India, women are still subject to domestic violence and to  indifferent and hostile treatment from their legal systems. But in  America, we have advanced far beyond that. Still, there is a lot more  we can do to address the problems of domestic violence, dating  violence, sexual assault, and stalking.   One thing we know we can do is to get lawyers for women when they  have been attacked. The information and the assistance that they will  get from the lawyers will help them get out of a desperate situation.   The information and assistance that we provide under this legislation  in public events will indeed advance the power of survivors to get out  of domestic violence, dating violence, or a stalking reign of terror.   We support enactment of this legislation as well as the additional  efforts we have mentioned to provide counsel for survivors, to promote  their ability to access the resources of our criminal justice system.   We look forward to working with Chairman Goodlatte and other  colleagues on the other side of the aisle for rapid passage of this  important, bipartisan measure and further legislative efforts that will  strengthen the position of people who are victims of domestic violence.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   