 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the events of the past week should  concern every American. This may have been the most chaotic week of  what is undoubtedly the most chaotic Presidency ever in the history of  the United States.   The stock market is in a tumult and in decline. The Secretary of  Defense, one of the only pairs of steady hands in our government, is  resigning from the administration in protest. The United States is  pulling out of Syria and likely Afghanistan, abandoning our coalitions,  allies, and the Kurds, and surrendering the field to Putin, Iran,  Hezbollah, ISIS, the Taliban, and Bashar al-Assad.   The positions of Defense Secretary, of Attorney General, of  Ambassador to the United Nations, of Interior Secretary, and even of  Chief of Staff to the President are all in flux.   The institutions of our government lack steady and experienced  leadership. With all of these departures, it is about to get even more  unsteady. The President is making decisions without counsel, without  preparation, and even without communication between relevant  Departments and relevant Agencies. All of this turmoil is causing chaos  in the markets, chaos abroad, and it is making the United States less  prosperous and less secure. To top it all off, President Trump has  thrown a temper tantrum and now has us careening toward a Trump  shutdown over Christmas.   In a short time, the Senate will take part in a pointless exercise to  demonstrate to our House colleagues and the President what everyone  here already knows: There are not the votes in the Senate for an  expensive, taxpayer-funded border wall.   President Trump, you will not get your wall. Abandon your shutdown  strategy. You are not getting the wall today, next week, or on January  3 when Democrats take control of the House.   Just 2 days ago, the Senate came together to support a proposal by  Leader McConnell--unanimously, every Democrat, every Republican--to  extend government funding through February without partisan demands.  What it would accomplish would be that the government would not shut  down, the fights we are having would be postponed to a later day, and  millions of Americans would not be hurt this Christmas week.  [[Page S8006]]    Let me repeat that. The Senate--every Democrat and every Republican-- has already unanimously supported a clean extension of government  funding.   Democrats supported the measure because we do not want to see the  government shut down. We have no demands other than that. We had every  indication that the President would sign the legislation--as did our  friends the Republicans on the other side of the aisle in the Senate-- but yesterday President Trump, hounded by the radical voices of the  hard right, threw another temper tantrum, and here we are once again,  on the brink of what the President has spent months saying he wanted--a  Trump shutdown.   The President will try to do his best to blame Democrats, but it is  flatly absurd. President Trump called for a shutdown no fewer than 25  times. In our meeting with the Oval Office, President Trump said: ``If  we don't get what we want . . . I will shut down the government. . . .  I am proud to shut it down. So I will take the mantle. . . . I'm not  going to blame you.'' Those are President Trump's words, and nothing he  says or does today can undo that.   No Democrat has called for shutting down the government. We are all  working to avoid it. The President seems to relish it. He seems to feel  he will throw a bone to his base--his base probably being less than  one-quarter of America.   President Trump, you cannot erase months of video of your saying that  you wanted a shutdown and that you wanted the responsibility and blame  for a shutdown. President Trump, you own the shutdown. You said so in  your own words.   President Trump may get his wish, unfortunately, but it doesn't have  to be this way. Democrats have offered two alternatives, and  Republicans--Leader McConnell has offered one. Democrats have offered  to pass the six bipartisan appropriations bills, plus a 1-year  continuing resolution for Homeland Security. We have also offered a 1- year continuing resolution for all the remaining bills. Republicans  have offered to pass a short-term continuing resolution through early  February. Each one of those proposals would pass the House and pass the  Senate. Each one of those proposals contains $1.3 billion of real  border security, not a wall. There is no wall in those proposals.  Democrats support real border security, not a wall.   By the way, that is in addition to the $1.3 billion in border  security Congress allocated last year, the vast majority of which the  Trump administration has not yet spent. They are asking for loads of  more money. They haven't even spent last year's money. It is clearly a  political gambit by President Trump to appease his never-happy base.   On the other hand, a Trump shutdown would result in zero dollars for  the Department of Homeland Security over the Christmas holiday.   There are several ways for President Trump and congressional  Republicans to avoid a shutdown over Christmas--I mentioned three--but  there is only one way we will have a Trump shutdown: If President Trump  clings to his position for an unnecessary, ineffective, taxpayer-funded  border wall that he promised Mexico would pay for.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, as we said to President Trump a week ago,  his wall does not have 60 votes here in the Senate, let alone 50 votes.  That much is now clear.   The Democrats have offered three proposals to keep the government  open, including a proposal offered by Leader McConnell that passed the  Senate unanimously only a few days ago. We are willing to continue  discussions on those proposals with the leader, the President, the  Speaker of the House, and the leader of the House. All five are  necessary to get something done.   I yield the floor.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Tennessee.   