 Mr. President, my colleague just talked about standing up  for the Senate, about standing up for the values that traditionally  have been our values. One of those principal values has been ``innocent  until proven guilty.'' What we have seen happen here in the last week  is something that did not need to happen, certainly, in the way it has  happened.   The hearing, the hours of questions, the picking apart of those  answers at leisure--we have seen all of that. Do you know what would  have happened if we had followed this process the right way? It is hard  to do when a significant majority of the committee says that it is  against the nominee before he has the hearing and when several Senators  say they are against the nominee before he is even nominated, no matter  who the nominee will be.   There would have been a normal background check that would have  occurred if the information that had been available to the committee-- to the Democrats and their staffs--had been turned over at the time.  How would they have handled that? How would those in the FBI have  handled that on July 30 or August 30 or on any other date? They would  have handled that by going and talking to the people involved. Dr. Ford  and Judge Kavanaugh would have been interviewed by the FBI. The people  they would have mentioned with whom the FBI should also talk would have  been interviewed by the FBI, and that would have been put in the file.  The material could have been presented to the committee as it should  have been.   In Judge Kavanaugh's private hearing, they were willing to talk about  baseball tickets. They could have pursued this in the private hearing:  Here is what is in this file. What do you have to say about that?   Dr. Ford, as she said she had wanted to be, would have been kept  anonymous in that process. There would have been no reason--unless the  committee would have decided to do what somebody on that committee  did--to have used her name and for this to have become a major public  confrontation. This could have been handled in another way. Her letter  and her personal trauma could have been handled in a way that they were  not. In fact, it couldn't have been handled more poorly or politically  by some in the minority or by their staffs than it was.   Only after the original hearings had ended, only after it was obvious  that Judge Kavanaugh--in my view, it was obvious--had the votes to be  confirmed, then, suddenly, were these unverifiable charges made public  by the Democrats on the committee and by their staffs.   I work hard in the Senate to find agreement with my colleagues of  both parties. I have been the principal Republican cosponsor on  legislation with all but four of the Democrats in the Senate. I do my  best to find the areas we can agree on. In fact, with regard to this  FAA bill today, Senator Cantwell and I chair that subcommittee, while  Senator Thune and Senator Nelson chair the full committee. There is  this and appropriations. There are a lot of things that have happened  this year that haven't happened for a while, and it is because we have  reached out to try to work together.   What we have with this nomination is a new principle. I find the  ``guilty until proven innocent'' conduct by some of our colleagues to  be totally unacceptable. It is not who we are. It cannot become the new  standard. I heard somebody say at a meeting this week: Well, if these  charges are out there, this person will always be impacted when there  is a case before the Court that might possibly involve those charges.  That cannot be how we pursue the future. We cannot pursue the future by  thinking: If you are charged with something, you will be, from that  point on, somehow unable to do the job that you are eminently qualified  for.   We have a person here who has 300 court of appeals opinions on the  most challenging court of appeals in the country--more than a dozen of  those accepted almost word for word by the Supreme Court. There is  plenty to determine judicial temperament. There is plenty to determine  whether the judge can do what the judge is supposed to do.   Unless later today, somehow, we see something, which is highly  unlikely based on all of the things that are already out there, I  intend to vote for Judge Kavanaugh. I don't think he would have said he  categorically and unequivocally didn't do this--or anything like it  regarding the specific charge--if he had. It was not necessary. You  wouldn't have to say that about conduct over three decades ago. You  could say all kinds of other things, but here is a lawyer whose legal  capacity has never been challenged. He would not have had to make that  unequivocal statement if there had been any reason to be concerned  about that statement.   He said he didn't do it. All who were mentioned and who were asked if  they saw it happen say they didn't see it. I believe something  traumatic did happen to Dr. Ford. I don't believe it involved Judge  Kavanaugh. With the obvious, specific three-decades-later memory of the  person involved--with that exception--you could actually believe that  both of them are telling the truth.   I joined Judge Kavanaugh's daughter in praying for Dr. Ford and her  family. I also think we should all pray for Judge Kavanaugh and his  family.   This is an issue that has gotten totally out of hand. It is an issue  that has gone well beyond the bounds of what we believe in our country.  It is an issue that we can't let begin to determine the future way we  do these things. You cannot have guilty until proven innocent. You  cannot have innocent until nominated as the standard for the country.  We cannot let this go forward that way.   Some relationships here--and they are important ones to me and  others--are going to take a little while to restore, but we will have  to restore them. There aren't enough of us to walk away from each other  and say: We cannot possibly move forward in working with you. I intend  to continue to work with my colleagues, but I also intend to continue  to stand up for the fundamental values of fairness that this country  has always held most dear. We need to do that this week with this  nomination as well.   