 Mr. President, the topic of healthcare affordability  should unite us as a common cause. We all need healthcare, whether  young or old or male or female, rich or poor.   Not one of us will go through life without experiencing a major  health concern. Even if we have a clean bill of health today, we all  face the prospect of accidents, illnesses, and the inherent universal  health challenges of aging.   The Affordable Care Act is not perfect, but it has moved us toward a  shared goal of making healthcare more affordable for everyone. Most  significantly, the Affordable Care Act prevents insurers from denying  coverage or increasing premiums because of a preexisting condition.  This critical protection has been widely and wildly popular, and  rightly so. If you don't have a preexisting condition, you probably  have a family member who does.   The Affordable Care Act also requires plans to cover a full set of  benefits that enrollees will realistically need over the course of  their lives, and, overall, it encourages Americans to get their health  insurance so that they will have the appropriate support when they need  it the most.   I will be the first to recognize that there is room for improvement  in our healthcare law, but we need to be working together to fix it,  not allowing the Trump administration to continue its relentless push  to undermine the affordability of healthcare. Since the beginning of  his administration, President Trump has taken every possible step to  weaken consumer protections in health insurance, all the while  misinforming the public about what the real impact will be on their  daily lives. But Americans right now are feeling the impact. For too  many hard-working families, health insurance and healthcare costs are  still not affordable. Today, premiums are going up, healthcare prices  are soaring, and the burden of cost is increasingly shifted to the  patient.   We should be focused on ways to strengthen our healthcare system so  that it lowers out-of-pocket costs, removes barriers to healthcare, and  [[Page S6757]]  incentivizes cost efficiency. But the flawed Trump administration  policy the Senate voted on earlier today is a step in the wrong  direction. It is a step toward terrible coverage for consumers who will  not understand what their plan fails to cover until they need it.   We are seeing yet another Trump administration effort to roll back  parts of the Affordable Care Act that are actually working every day to  help Americans. President Trump is creating a new loophole for some  insurers to ignore the Affordable Care Act's central patient  protections. This is moving us back toward a period where insurance  companies could discriminate against Americans based on their  conditions, such as diabetes, cancer, arthritis, and even pregnancy-- yes, even pregnancy. Millions of Michiganders rely on the Affordable  Care Act's safeguards for preexisting condition coverage.   Americans should have the power to choose their own healthcare, but  unfortunately this administration has it backward. President Trump  wants to give more power to insurers to not only choose who they cover  but also what they cover.   The Affordable Care Act's 10 essential healthcare benefits are truly  just that; they are indeed essential. The list includes things like  prescription drugs, hospitalizations, and preventive care. Before the  Affordable Care Act, we saw insurance companies neglect to cover  services like maternity care, substance abuse disorder treatment, and  mental health care. These are all truly essential elements of any true  plan.   The Trump administration is allowing for risky plans that make  insurance companies money while shifting costs to taxpayers and  Michiganders who choose to cover these essential health benefits. The  Trump policy will create a parallel market that targets only relatively  healthy, less costly individuals, and that is why I am deeply  disappointed by today's vote and the actions of this administration.   The true message President Trump is sending to the public is that he  wants you to be misinformed. He wants you to make bad decisions and buy  these flawed plans, increasing the profits of insurers.   American taxpayers will be left with the bill when patients find out  that their insurance and all of the money they have put into that  insurance over so many years simply does not cover their healthcare  needs when they need it the most.   No matter where you live, how much money you make, or what your  health record looks like, no one should be forced to make the  impossible choice between seeking medical assistance or paying the  bills for other basic necessities. Regardless of what the health  condition is or when it arises, all Americans deserve certainty that  their decision to go to a doctor will not push them into bankruptcy.   Let's be clear that any Member who voted to support the Trump  administration's efforts to undermine the ACA casts a vote today  against coverage protections for preexisting conditions and against  affordable, quality healthcare for all American families.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   