 Mr. President, I appreciate the remarks of my senior  Senator from New Jersey. His passion and his commitment to this issue,  not just after this mass shooting, has been consistent in fighting for  commonsense gun safety for years, and I am grateful for his leadership  as my senior Senator.   It has now been 2 weeks since a gunman took the lives of 17 children,  teachers, and school administrators in Parkland, FL. In the days and  weeks since, we have seen young people from that community lead a  movement for change that is growing in our country, standing up to  special interests, standing up to the small minority of folks who seem  to want to let the status quo continue, standing up to the NRA and the  gun industry and making clear the fierce urgency of now, of this  moment, of this day. These young people are showing what true courage  is. They are showing it at a time of great grief, of great pain in  their lives.   I know what they are fighting for. It is not a fringe issue. I know  what they are fighting for. It is not representative of some small  minority; they are fighting for the majority of Americans who agree  with them, the majority of Americans who want commonsense gun safety in  America. Those folks who own guns and those who don't want background  checks for all gun buyers, including those between private dealers and  gun shows.   The majority of Americans don't want people who are suspected  terrorists to be able to go to a gun show and go to a private seller  and drive off with a trunkful of weapons. The majority of Americans  know that we should be keeping people with a history of domestic  violence from getting their hands on a gun. The majority of Americans  want to choke the pipeline of illegal guns that are flooding American  communities from sea to shining sea, from the Great Lakes to the gulf  coast.   The overwhelming majority of Americans know that we can do more to  prevent gun violence. Sure, we can't stop everyone, but we can do  things that will reduce the violence, reduce the  [[Page S1278]]  number of deaths, and save lives. These are commonsense things that the  majority of Americans--gun owners, non-gun owners, Republicans and  Democrats--a majority of Americans support these policies that are  proven.   For example, we know it is true that in States like Connecticut, when  they instituted commonsense background checks, they saw firearm  homicides drop by 40 percent. And we know that States that implement  laws blocking perpetrators of domestic violence from getting guns see a  significant reduction--upward of 10 percent--in homicides by people's  intimate partners.   We know that between 2009 and 2013, States that have required  background checks on handguns saw 35 percent fewer gun deaths per  capita than States that didn't.   This is fact. We know that commonsense gun safety, supported by over  80 percent of gun owners and over 90 percent of Americans, will save  lives.   Dr. King once said--and I am paraphrasing here--that morality can't  be legislated, but behavior can be regulated; that the law can't make  someone love me, but it stop them from lynching me; that the law can't  change the heart, but it can restrain the heartless.   We know we have the power to make the change.   This is no panacea. These ideas will not solve all of the problems,  but they can make a difference, and they can save lives.   The time to act is right now. To not act is to be complicit in the  continued levels of violence in our communities.   Every day that passes with no action--every single day we see, on  average, 96 Americans in this country killed by a gun, including  children. Every day that we do not act in this body, dozens and dozens  of our American fellow citizens are dying due to gun violence, much of  it preventable. Too many families in this country, too many fellow  Americans know the pain and the grief and the agony of what we see in  the faces of the children from Parkland.   Gun violence isn't just manifested in uniquely horrifying mass  shootings in our schools and in our churches and in our movie theaters;  it is a pervasive, everyday public health epidemic. It is an everyday  reality for Americans across the country. It is an everyday reality for  women in America. Fifty women every single month are shot to death by  intimate partners in this country, making the United States the most  dangerous country in the developed world when it comes to gun violence  against women. We know that over half of all women killed by an  intimate partner are killed with a gun. We know that when a gun is  involved in a situation of domestic violence, a woman is five times  more likely to be killed. We can do something to lower this kind of  carnage.   Gun violence is an everyday reality for children and for young people  in this country. On an average day in America, 7 children and teens  will be killed with a gun, and 40 more children will be shot and  survive, often being crippled or severely wounded, often costing  American taxpayers millions of dollars for their healthcare. We can  lower this rate of carnage.   Gun violence is an everyday reality for people living in cities, like  where I live. In the last year there was a shooting on my block. We  know that for Black Americans living in a city or urban area in this  country, they are almost 500 times more likely to be killed by gun  violence than they are by terrorism. This is an urgent problem. It is  an everyday problem. This is pressing on us every single day to act,  and every day that we don't, our inaction will cost lives.   Since the tragedy in Parkland, in New Jersey alone we have seen  children, young people, the elderly, women, Black and White Americans  killed by gun violence. I have a stack of examples of this right here-- news reports of the violence in my State.   One week ago, it was a 10-year-old boy. Yovanni Banos-Merino was  killed with a gun, and his mother was wounded in Asbury Park, NJ.   The day before that, on February 20, an elderly man killed his wife-- domestic violence. He killed her with a gun and then took his own life,  a suicide.   Just 6 days ago, a teenager in my city of Newark, NJ, Ishmail  Anthony, was killed with a gun.   Every single day we do not act, dozens and dozens of Americans are  killed.   Look at this chart. We can't even read the font. Look at these  American citizens--young people, old people, Black people, White  people, men, women, Republicans, Democrats.   Look at this chart. We know that right now, in the past 2 weeks since  the tragedy, according to the Gun Violence Archive, which compiled this  list from news reports, 477 Americans have been killed with a gun--in  the past 2 weeks alone, 477 American citizens.   This government was formed with a purpose. It says clearly in our  founding documents ``for the common defence.'' In 2 weeks, there were  477 people who we did not defend--477 people whom we could have done  more to save. Again, 477 people, 2 weeks since Parkland, and we have a  nation that speaks to the purpose of ensuring life, liberty, and the  pursuit of happiness. They lost their lives.   We may not have the power to stop all gun violence, but gun owners  and non-gun owners, Republicans and Democrats, and our Nation as a  whole agree, with a chorus of consent, that we should do things like  commonsense background checks. Our inaction, our unwillingness to do  the will of the people is costly, not just to the integrity of this  body, not just for the purpose of this body, but it is costly in the  most grievous of ways every day. Every day, dozens die; in 2 weeks,  477.   We must do better. We can do better. With the help of God almighty,  we will.   I yield the floor.   