 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding,  and I certainly want to thank him and Chairman Bishop for their  assistance through this whole process.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2606, the Stigler Act  Amendments of 2018, and on the Senate amendments to that legislation.   I also speak on behalf of the citizens of the Cherokee Nation, the  Chickasaw Nation, the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma, the Muscogee (Creek)  Nation, and the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma, commonly known as the Five  Civilized Tribes. This bill only addresses and affects those Tribes and  lands of their citizens within the State of Oklahoma. The passage of  this legislation is critical to maintaining the inherited land of our  Native citizens' ancestors.   This legislation seeks to amend the original Stigler Act of 1947 and  remove the one-half degree requirement of Native American blood.   The original Stigler Act provides that, upon probate, if the heirs or  devisees of an original allottee from the Five Tribes have passed out  of one-half degree of Native blood, the allotment loses its restricted  fee status.   This bill ends that practice. It provides the opportunity for the  heirs and devisees to take title to the land and allow the parcel to  maintain its restricted status.    This legislation will also create parity in Federal law in the  treatment of Native American-allotted land by removing minimum blood  degree requirements. Currently, these minimum requirements apply only  to the citizens of the Five Tribes.   The House has already passed this legislation this Congress by voice  vote, and it was passed in the Senate with an amendment by unanimous  consent. The Senate amendment provides clarifying technical language,  which I fully support.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to once again support and pass  H.R. 2606 to remove this outdated and discriminatory law and to  preserve what Native-held land is left in Oklahoma's Indian Country.   Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank the chairman for his help in this  matter. It partially rights an historic wrong.   