 Madam Speaker, let me tell you, Maricopa County is the  fastest growing county in the country; again, by a long shot. That is  reflected because of the economy that is going on there.   In the town that I live in, the town of Gilbert, they just announced  2,500 new jobs coming in with Deloitte. That is fantastic. When I moved  to Gilbert many years ago, there were 12,000 people and cotton fields  everywhere. Today, it is 250,000 people and it is just gigantic.   The Arizona Free Enterprise Club has measured the reported job growth  in Arizona since the tax cuts and tax reform bill came forward. We have  125,000  [[Page H5086]]  workers who have seen increases in salaries or bonuses. That totals  $215 million. Remember, that is just the reported benefits and bonuses  and raises. The direct financial benefit as a result of tax reform for  Arizona is over $1 billion. We anticipate a positive impact of over $1  billion in 2018. That is fantastic. In my district, the average family  of four is going to receive tax relief in excess of $2,635. That is the  projection.   I can talk about the many events that we go to, the people we talk  to. I was at an event recently. I was getting ready to leave and a  gentleman came up to me and said: Are you Congressman Biggs?   I said: Yes, I am.   He said: Thank you.   I said: Why is that?   He said: The tax reform. I am a bartender. I will keep $5,000 more  this year. I will have a net impact of a positive $5,000.   I said: Well, do you care if I tell your story?   He said: Yes, tell my story.   We want to see this happen again and again. So I have a whole list I  brought tonight. I can list Philip from Mesa who said that his wife's  take-home pay has affected their household for the better. This is  something they wanted specifically to mention. They don't consider the  extra income to be ``crumbs.'' It is meaningful to people, whether you  are living paycheck to paycheck or whatever. This is meaningful to  them.   Matt from Gilbert said that his increased tax refund for his business  was appreciated and that he and his family will save literally  thousands of dollars this year because of the tax cut laws.   Rusty is a veteran from Mesa. He told us that the tax plan has done  wonders for him and his small business. He is passing this on to his  employees and they will be making more money per month and he has extra  revenue in the business because other people generate this economic  activity.   This ripples through--it isn't like it is a one-off--it ripples  through the entire economy. So they have hired a new employee. For a  small business, that is a monumental decision: Do we have  enough business? Do we have enough revenue to bring in a new employee?  They hired someone. The tax cuts helped.    So I want to take just a quick second and tell you that I go out when  I am in the district to various businesses and small business owners,  anywhere from 5, 15, maybe 20, 25 people in their business. Every one  of them that I have met with in the last year, probably, is looking to  expand. They have the problem of finding qualified employees.   I have talked to the Governor in Arizona. We have literally hundreds  of thousands of jobs where people are trying to hire folks and we can't  get them in. This is a great thing to have, it is a great problem to  have. I think we should be celebrating what is happening around this  country. Particularly as a life-long Arizonan, I can tell you I am  thrilled to see this happening in Arizona. We have bounced back from  the 2008 recession.   I am so grateful for the effort that the gentleman from Arizona has  put in to get this bill through, for his leadership. I am grateful to  have him for a friend and serve with him in Congress. I thank him for  doing this Special Order tonight. This message has got to get out to  the American people.    Madam Speaker, I used to be the Senate president in the  State of Arizona for 4 years and had an opportunity to work there.    Madam Speaker, let's think about this for a second.   When Arizona entered the recession era of 2008, the State tax revenue  declined by about 40 percent in an 8-month period. Imagine trying to  deal with that. What is happening now is the converse. We had to change  our attitude. We had to create the type of business-friendly situation  that lured and brought business back and provide those enticements.  They are there.   So what we have now is this situation localized of a business- friendly Tax Code, a business-friendly regulatory and then an overall  attitude of: We want you to be here. We welcome new businesses.   So, for instance, I toured Apple world data center in my district a  little over a week ago. It kind of imploded, so there was no one there.  What happened is, they now have 200 employees and they will expand.  They will have 500 employees in high-paying, good jobs. Every one of  those employees they spend money. They buy houses. They go out to eat.  They go to movies. This ripples through the economy. And that is just  one of the many businesses. Like I said, we have Deloitte coming in,  with 2,500. We have got State Farm, I think, in or near the gentleman's  district. When they are in, they are going to have 8,000 to 10,000  people. I was just at their facility.    If you analyze it, that is a twofer, right? We are all  concerned about the rehabilitation and reentry of people who have been  in prison back into society. This is one way to do it. Give them an  opportunity to get that skill and get job-placed.   The second thing is--and it speaks specifically to what we are  talking about here today--we should be overjoyed in this country to see  the economic vibrancy that is going on, the reshaping, and, if I can  say it, the renewal, the economic renewal, that we have needed.    Madam Speaker, I agree with the gentleman. We want to keep  it going. We follow this idea of a business cycle, but there are ways  to smooth out and flatten out that business cycle.   I also agree with what the gentleman said where we start talking  about individuals, because too often our narrative is just: How do we  flatten out the business cycle? That type of thing.   I have Allan in Mesa who said: My standard of living has gone up.   I have Dottie in Mesa who said that the tax cuts are a good thing,  that they see more money in their pockets because of these tax cuts.   These are the people and the individuals that I see on a regular  basis. I know the gentleman sees them.    Madam Speaker, the gentleman is right. That is how you  communicate the story, because the story, Madam Speaker and  Representative Schweikert, is that we can have a vital economy.   It wasn't too many years ago when we were told 1.8 percent GDP growth  would be it.    We have blown it off the rails. When people are  economically free and they have growth. They feel freer. They feel  happier. Why is that? Because the wolf is not always at the door. They  have moved beyond kind of that bare subsistence.   That is really what I am finding as I go meet with my constituents. I  talk to them. I am in a machine shop: What is going on here?   Well, we have 18 workers. We think we could bring three more on.   I said: Well, what is your problem?   We have to find the workers, and we have to train them. We are going  to invest in them and train them.  [[Page H5088]]    That is what people are doing. That is what businesses, small and  large, are doing. They are investing in people now. That is what you  see when you have a good economy, because they want to bring people in.  They need to bring people in.    Yes. Madam Speaker and Congressman Schweikert, that is  what I am talking about. When I go into the machine shops, they are  doing very technical, very high-quality machining. They are bringing  kids out of high school, and they are training them. They are saying:  This is the job you are going to get.   These kids are walking out without any university debt. They are also  walking into a job that is going to pay them a lot of money and can be  a great career, where they can make money and have an adequate career  to sustain and support themselves, their family, for a life.    This is really one of the beautiful things that happens when you have  this choice that the gentleman talked about, this mobility. That  happens when you have a strong and solid economy.   Madam Speaker, I think the gentleman and I would agree: The economic  foundation that allows these types of individuals and families and  small businesses and big businesses to grow and provide interesting and  creative developments in our society, it starts with us not having a  confiscatory tax policy. It also continues by having a regulatory  environment that, instead of disincentivizing or having perverse  incentives, provides incentives for people to expand and be creative in  the economy.    Madam Speaker, he did a good job tonight. He talked about  his Starbucks experience. He talked about the young man, and I have met  him, who is reentering from the prison.    Madam Speaker, these are powerful stories.    Madam Speaker, I think he is. He may be, yes.   We have talked about 8 to 10 stories, brief stories, that I brought  up tonight of individuals, and, if I can humbly suggest, those are the  things that, Madam Speaker, Congressman Schweikert, myself, and every  one of our colleagues need to be continually reiterating, because these  stories, these aren't one-off stories. These are going to be a lifetime  of stories for these individuals, and we will find many, many more, as  I do every time I go out.   