 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bill I wrote with  Mr. Engel, my good friend, the Global Fragility and Violence Reduction  Act.   Mr. Speaker, one of our greatest national security challenges is  preventing violent conflict around the world. Violent conflict creates  hostile environments and displaces and deprives citizens. It costs the  global economy over $14 trillion annually.    They also provide fertile recruiting grounds for terrorist groups and  transnational criminal organizations, which I have tracked in my role  as chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security. Often, these  environments thrive in states that are fragile, where the government  loses legitimacy in the eyes of its own people and, ultimately, its  ability to govern.   When ignored, these breakdowns in a government ultimately can lead to  lengthy and costly involvement by the United States. That is why,  today, Congressman Engel and I are proposing an innovative, new way of  thinking about these challenges.   The Global Fragility and Violence Reduction Act requires the  administration to launch an initiative to reduce this fragility and  violence. This will guide our efforts to reduce violent conflict and  help fragile states down a path towards stability.   This bill also requires the Department of State, in coordination with  USAID and the Department of Defense, to identify 10 countries or  regions as a pilot program to start this new initiative. This  initiative ensures local partnerships are at the core of any solution  in order to deliver better long-term results.   Since each fragile state is different, this initiative is flexible to  address the causes of fragility. What may work to solve the economic  and migration issues of Venezuela are likely to be different than the  solutions needed to help curb terrorist groups in west Africa.   By integrating the Department of State, USAID, and DOD together and  prioritizing, we are reshaping how we think about how we deliver aid  and development resources, preventing them from spiraling into chaos.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank, again, the ranking member; I  would like to thank Chairman Royce for his friendship, as well as Mr.  Poe and Mr. Smith; and I hope everybody will attend the chairman's  portrait unveiling at the National Archives this evening.   