 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I want to first speak, in general, in support of this  tax package overall, which includes some very, very good tax policy.  But I want to highlight and specifically draw attention to one very  important provision, a bipartisan provision, and that is a further  delay of the medical device tax for a 5-year period.   My preference, Mr. Speaker, would have been to have a permanent  repeal of the device tax, but I understand you have to compromise on  things, and that is a good compromise, so 5 years is what we get.   And look, during a period of time when there are very few issues that  a lot of policymakers, unfortunately, in Congress can agree upon, there  is no doubt that there has been strong, bipartisan, broad-based support  to repeal and eliminate a very bad policy that was put in place as a  part of ObamaCare and repealing this device tax.   This is about making sure that our Nation, our country, America,  continues to lead the world in this important ecosystem that is central  to improving patient care and also creating high-quality jobs.   We all know the medical device industry in America is truly an  American success story. It is a Minnesota success story. I can speak to  the 400,000 people around the country who are directly employed. I can  speak to the 35,000 folks who are employed in Minnesota in this  industry.   And these are hundreds and hundreds of companies, by the way, Mr.  Speaker, that I have had the chance to visit and tour, companies you  may have never heard of. They may have 5 employees or 10 employees, but  every single one of them has that doctor, that engineer, that  entrepreneur who is working to improve or help save lives for patients.   The device tax, however, unfortunately, caused the loss of about  29,000 jobs as it was put in place. Back this last July, Members will  recall that the House voted, overwhelmingly--bipartisan support--to  permanently repeal this device tax with historic levels of support,  both Republicans and Democrats. Nearly 300 Members voted together to  get rid of it.   It is really about protecting innovation, and it is about protecting  small businesses. Eighty percent of medical device companies have less  than 50 employees, and 93 percent of these companies have less than 500  employees who have good, high-paying jobs.   We are also a net exporter, exporting around the world in this  industry. The Affordable Care Act, Mr. Speaker, imposed a new 2.3  percent excise tax on all medical devices.    It doesn't sound like much, but keep in mind, this is not a tax on  profits. It is a tax on your sales; it is a tax on your revenue; and  that is where we saw the negative impact, because it already takes 8 to  10 years for these companies to become profitable in the first place.  They deal with FDA regulation, and they deal with reimbursement issues.  This raised the bar. This raised the hurdle. It made it much more  difficult for these companies to become profitable in the first place.   It is about giving predictability and giving certainty for these  companies so that they can continue to help innovate and help patients.  That is what it is really about, making sure that new, life-improving  and lifesaving products are coming to market.   I visited and met with engineers, technicians, owners, and  entrepreneurs of these companies who work day in and day out coming up  with the ideas for the innovation that really makes America the  forefront leader.   Mr. Speaker, I would encourage support for this bill. It is a good  compromise, and it makes sense.   