 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my bill, the  Embassy Security Authorization Act.   Embassies are really the physical representation of the United States  abroad. An American Embassy is the means in which the United States  conducts its foreign policy and advances our interests around the  world. Therefore, protecting our embassies and diplomats should be our  number one priority. That is why my bill authorizes over $2.3 billion  for embassy security.   If enacted into law, this would be the first embassy security  authorization in 15 years. Furthermore, my bill makes critical reforms  in how we build future embassies and think about our security.   In 1998, we had to reassess our embassy security when terrorists, at  the direction of Osama bin Laden, bombed U.S. embassies in Kenya and  Tanzania, killing over 220 people and injuring 4,000 more. In  retrospect, these attacks foreshadowed bin Laden's intentions to attack  America. At the time, it forced us to reassess how we go about building  our embassies and consulates.   A year later, Congress adopted a standard embassy design for our  missions abroad. This design improved security, expedited construction,  and saved money. However, recently, we have deviated from the standard  embassy design in favor of projects prioritizing aesthetics.   Our embassies constantly face threats from hostile actors, even in  friendly and allied countries. Our embassies are extensions of the  homeland, and we must treat them as such. To that end, my bill would  require the State Department to provide Congress with justification  should an embassy or consulate project not use a standard design.   While I appreciate the goal of displaying American might through a  striking embassy design, we must prevent a repeat of Kenya and  Tanzania. My bill, with the $2.3 billion authorization and standard  design reforms, is a good step forward towards achieving that balance.  [[Page H7843]]    Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank Ms. Kelly for her leadership on  this issue, as well as Chairman Royce and Ranking Member Engel for  their work on this important piece of legislation.   I encourage my colleagues to support this bill.   