 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate all of the work that Chairman  Burgess has done on this issue. It is important that he has highlighted  it and made it one of the priorities of our committee--not only our  subcommittee, but our full committee.   Earlier this evening, we heard from Representatives from Kentucky and  from West Virginia. When you look at the map, you will see that my  congressional district, the Ninth District of Virginia, touches West  Virginia, touches Kentucky, and touches North Carolina. What this means  to all of us is this--and it touches Tennessee, of course. It means  that, if you really worked at it, in my district, you could get to  various doctors and various pharmacists in just a couple of days.   In that small corner of Virginia, you can travel into other States.  You can hit five States in a single day. This is why I have been  working on some language for prescription drug monitoring, where the  States will be encouraged to work together to try to make sure that we  are sharing information. All of the States--or most of the States now-- have such a program, but they don't always have the language down the  same way.   What we have to do as one of a dozen, two dozen, or three dozen  things that we are looking at in trying to help resolve this opioid  crisis is that we need to make sure that we have people looking at it  and making sure that those folks who are addicted and are trying to get  prescriptions from different doctors and using different pharmacies are  not able to do so, to make sure that our programs are working together.  It is very important that we continue to work.   While I say that it is important, Mr. Speaker, I appreciate so much  that Chairman Burgess is holding a roundtable tomorrow as part of our  Health Subcommittee that will be bipartisan, where we are bringing in  families from around the country who have suffered a loss, who have a  loved one who has died. And while we are not taking any votes on the  floor tomorrow, the Health Subcommittee will be meeting because this is  just too important to leave Washington without hearing from these  important voices, from these people who can bring to us real-life  stories.   We have all heard them in our communities. We have all probably had  family members who have been touched by it. But to hear from these  families tomorrow, I think, is going to be very special and very  poignant, and I appreciate it. I think that we all have something that  we can learn.   And then, Mr. Speaker, I would like to talk about pill dumping,  because we do have to take a look. We have a hearing coming up with  some of the pharmacies that manufacture these opioids.   But we know that in West Virginia, they were dropping millions of  pills into communities there--into Williamson, into Kermit, and into  Mount Gay-Shamrock. As a result of that, those drugs not only went into  West Virginia, but some of those pharmacies that were shut down  eventually by the DEA were just a few miles--32 miles, 34 miles--from  my district and from districts in Kentucky.   We need to find out: Why were they allowing this to happen? Why were  they perhaps encouraging it to happen? We don't know the answers yet,  but we are going to have a hearing on that. The Oversight and  Investigations Subcommittee is looking into that matter, as well, and  has already got lots of information.   We are looking at what was going on in the DEA and why they didn't  use their power of an immediate suspension order. When they had the  authority to do so, Mr. Speaker, it was shocking to discover that they  chose, instead, to come up with a trial standard.   As opposed to a standard to stop something bad from happening  immediately, they chose to have a trial standard, to have all the proof  already wrapped up with a nice bow on it. As a part of that, we ended  up with a lot of drug stores that continue to use a cash business for  operating. Even though the DEA knew there were problems, they wanted to  have expert witnesses come in in advance.   This is not acceptable. We are working with the DEA to stop that  procedure and to make sure that, if there are any changes in the law  that are necessary to give them more tools, they can shut down somebody  quickly when they see a pattern of abuse.   Mr. Speaker, the Energy and Commerce Committee is working hard on all  of these issues, and, particularly, we are working to make sure that we  give the various agencies and the States the authority to help shut  down this horrible, treacherous, and dangerous opioid crisis in these  United States.   