 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I wish to speak for 5 minutes.    Mr. President, I rise today on this 13th day of January  to call out this body, the body of the U.S. Senate, for its dereliction  of duty. Enough is enough. We need a long-term budget bill for all of  America, including my home State of Montana, because that is what  Americans expect because it is our job.   It has been 122 days since Congress has failed to pass a budget. What  makes this even more egregious is the fact that we haven't done  anything but continuing resolution after continuing resolution after  continuing resolution. There is no certainty in that. And even if we  passed a long-term budget deal, it isn't even for that long of a term-- through the end of this fiscal year, which is when it needs to be done  by.   For the last 122 days, Congress has left community health centers,  small business owners, America's families, Montana's families without  the certainty of a long-term budget. During that time, Congress has  instead settled for four short-term, crisis-funding bills that don't do  what is necessary and that provide more uncertainty and more chaos.   I have heard a lot of folks say that government needs to be run like  a business. There is no business that would put off what it is doing  just because it is convenient. In my real life, I am a farmer. I know  that you have to plan. I know that you can't go from month to month  with uncertainty ahead of you because if you do, you will end up in a  situation where it will put you out of business. You have to be able to  [[Page S566]]  plan, whether it is for the seeds you buy or equipment maintenance or  anything else in agriculture. It is the same way in any business, and  by the way, it is the same way in government.   Unfortunately, the norm has been a month of funding in continuing  resolutions, or 3 weeks, instead of coming to a point where we can fund  things until the end of the fiscal year, which will give folks  certainty, whether it is the military or our southern border or  community health centers.   Why do I bring this up? It is because fully 10 percent of the  citizens of Montana depend on community health centers for access to  their healthcare. It is in some cases the only source of healthcare for  these folks. I have had listening tours and roundtables and over a  dozen different public meetings on healthcare over the last year, and I  can tell you that these facilities are critically important.   So who cares? Why should we worry about that, because we have a  continuing resolution. Why? Because these folks right now, if you go  talk to them in the State of Montana and I think in any other State in  the Union, they will tell you they are not sure whether they will keep  their doors open. That does not provide the kind of certainty they need  and the kind of access to healthcare folks in our country need, and  Montana is no exception.   We cannot continue governing from crisis to crisis. Montana deserves  better. America deserves better. We need a budget that goes to the end  of the fiscal year, that provides the kind of certainty and security  the American people elected us to do. Congress simply needs to do its  job.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   