 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I wish to talk about the economy today,  something that most of us are talking about when we are home, and for  good reason. Yesterday the Labor Department announced that our economy  hit a milestone that we never hit before in the time that we have been  measuring  [[Page S3014]]  these two things at the same time. There are now more jobs available in  the United States than there are job seekers.   When I was in Missouri last week, we did a number of events all over  the State. At that time, I was confident that in the 12 States in the  middle of the country, there were more jobs than people looking for  jobs. That was news.   But even bigger news is the news that was announced yesterday, that  there are 6.7 million job openings and there aren't 6.7 million people  on unemployment. In fact, the unemployment rate is 3.8 percent. It  matches the lowest number we have seen in 50 years. The last time  numbers were this low, in fact, was during the Vietnam war, when many  young men were being drafted into the military. That was the last time  we had an unemployment rate this low.   Everybody understands--and they should understand--that the 6.7  million jobs don't necessarily have 6.7 million people ready for  exactly the jobs that are out there. That should encourage us, among  other things, to be thinking about what we need to be doing to make  sure that people are either prepared for jobs or they have the skills  to allow them quickly to become prepared for the jobs that are  available. Two-thirds of Americans say it is a good time to find a job.  That is 25 percent more than in the last administration who think it is  a good time to find work.   Working with the President, the Senate and the House have done what  we could to fuel the economy. The House and Senate both have rolled  back regulations that didn't meet the commonsense test and passed the  Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The President of the United States kept telling  us: Don't call this tax reform. Who knows what that means or where it  might wind up. What we want to do here is to cut people's taxes,  increase their take-home pay, and do things that increase jobs.   In the 10 cities I was in last week, I think I saw virtually every  reporter in the State. At least every reporting agency had somebody at  those events. We had roundtables with employers. We had meetings with  people who were able to buy a house that they couldn't buy otherwise.  We had people who really appreciated the extra $500 a year or the extra  $152 a month or the extra $200 a month that they were seeing in their  family budget, which last year would have been sent to Washington, DC.   I said many times during that tax cut debate that there are two ways  to increase people's pay. One is to take less money out of it. We said  that if we passed that bill, 9 out of 10 people who paid taxes last  year would pay fewer taxes this year. And the second way we increase  people's take-home pay is to give them a better job, to start with.  That is what happens in a growing economy.   One of the things I thought was most surprising was how many  employers stepped up, and in how many different ways, to say: We  appreciate this economy and will reward our workforce like we, frankly,  didn't know we could afford to do and knew we didn't have to do in a  more stagnant economy in the past. Some companies gave bonuses. Some  companies gave other benefits. There were several companies that  increased their minimum level of pay, whatever that was.   One major national retailer said they were going to increase their  minimum wage to $11. Over the next specific number of months, they were  going to increase that $11 minimum to a $14 minimum--not because the  government told them they had to do that, but they wanted to be sure  that in a growing economy they kept their employees.   According to a recent National Federation of Independent Business  survey, 76 percent of small business owners believe the current  business climate is headed in the right direction.   According to the National Association of Manufacturers, 86 percent of  those manufacturers plan to increase investments thanks to tax reform,  77 percent say they are planning to increase hiring, and 72 percent  said they plan to increase wages for their employees. That is the kind  of thing that happens in a growing economy.   I was at Gray Manufacturing in St. Joseph, MI, last week. The  president of that company, Stet Schanze, said his company is among  those feeling optimistic about the future. They are trying right now to  find the 20 workers they need to fill the 20 jobs they have.   In my hometown of Springfield, Mary Beth Hartman, the president of a  local construction company, said she had been able not only to hand out  employee bonuses but to buy new equipment. They could buy the new  trucks they had been waiting for some time to buy until they were sure  they moved from a time when you have to take what money you have and  repair something to where you really can make the kind of long-term  investment that, frankly, the tax bill encourages you to do.    Also, if your business is doing as well as you did last year, you  have more money than you had last year. You can take some of that money  off the table and buy the equipment and replace the equipment that you  had been hoping to do for a long time.   Jamie Burger, the Scott County Presiding Commissioner, told me:  Everywhere we go, hiring signs are up. That is new in our State. I  think it is true all over the country. At least a million new jobs have  been created since the Tax Code changes passed. I will be reminded by  the President if I don't say it: It wasn't the Tax Code changes. It was  the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that the Congress and the President worked  together to create.   I met local officials and business owners who were located in  opportunity zones. This is an idea that is in the tax bill. Senator  Scott and others were really thinking about what we can do to encourage  people to put money in those communities that aren't doing as well as  others around them. So you take economically distressed areas and allow  a new kind of investment to occur in those census areas. You take your  capital gains profits, which you very likely made somewhere else, and  you put them in real estate or in a business or you invest them in some  other way in one of the opportunity zones. We have 161 in our State.   When I was with Mayor Hark of Hannibal and local officials in  Hannibal, they were certainly talking about what to do there in Kansas  City. I was with the electric company, Kansas City Power and Light.  They actually have based a new local access point in one of those  opportunity zones near the historic 18th and Vine area, the jazz area  in Kansas City. They were talking about that particular opportunity to  talk about what the Tax Code changes have done and what the tax cuts  bill has done. They are in the process of reducing electric bills for  their customers by $100 billion because that is how many fewer tax  dollars they are going to send to Washington than they did last year.  By the way, every one of those tax dollars gets passed along to a rate  payer, just like every one of those tax savings also gets passed along  to a rate payer.   The economy is moving again. The tsunami of redtape that we saw in  the last few years, piling well over $100 billion of extra costs going  to the government, is gone. By their own estimates, that number was up  to $700 billion, when you project that number into the 10-year future.  That is $700 billion of redtape.   When the President took office, he was able to eliminate some things  that hadn't gotten done yet. Congress was able to overturn 16 rules  that had significant compliance cost savings under the Congressional  Review Act. It had been used exactly one time in the history of the law  until this Congress and this President were able to reverse rules that  were slowing the economy down, like the clean power rule, which would  have doubled utility bills in Missouri in a decade or so. The waters of  the United States rule would have put the EPA in charge of things they  shouldn't be in charge of. By the way, neither of those rules have been  allowed to go into effect--not because of the calendar but because of  the courts. In both cases, the courts said to the past administration:  You can't do that.   Instead of continuing to appeal the ``you can't do that'' decision by  courts, the Trump administration reversed those policies. We still have  lots of protections, but we don't have protections beyond what the  government is legally allowed to do.   By the way, those protections were just so-called protections. They  definitely would have slowed the economy  [[Page S3015]]  down. Whether they would have definitely added much to either our water  or our power policies is a big debate.   Keeping regulations where they need to be and working to confirm  well-qualified nominees to both the courts and the administration are  really important.   We are going to be here in August this year. I wouldn't want to fall  into the trap of suggesting that Congress isn't taking a vacation in  August. What Congress isn't doing in August--at least the Senate is not  able to do--is to be home doing the work we need to do at home. Part of  the job as a Member of the House and Member of the Senate is to be  talking to people where they work, talking to people they work for,  seeing those problems firsthand, and being part of that discussion  going on where they live.   We are not doing that this August. Our leader said we are going to be  here. Part of it is because the other side has just taken so much time  to make it difficult for the President to get his team in place. We  never had anything like this happen before in the history of the  country for judges and U.S. attorneys to be confirmed. Senate Democrats  have forced 100 cloture votes.   What is a cloture vote? A cloture vote, really, is a demand that you  have up to 30 hours of debate before someone is confirmed. Yesterday we  had this long time set aside for debate. They insisted on it. There  was, not so shockingly, no debate. The vote was almost unanimous, after  hours of not being able to do anything but have the floor open for  debate for someone who there was no debate about.   That has happened 100 times in this Congress and Presidency. In the  last 15 months, that has happened 100 times. In the previous six  administrations, in the first full 2 years of all six of them combined,  that happened 24 times. So we have gone from an average of 4 times per  Presidency for the last six Presidencies to 100 times for this  Presidency. That is not acceptable.   The long-term solution to that, by the way, is not to be here in  August. The long-term solution is to change that rule. That rule is  being abused. It needs to be changed. The committee chair has voted  that rules change out of the committee. When my colleagues get tired of  the rules being abused, that is when we will be able to change the  rules.   At the same time, we confirmed a lot of judges. As a matter of fact,  18 percent--one out of eight--of all Federal court of appeals judges  have been nominated by President Trump and confirmed by the Senate.   Our friends on the other side say: Well, jeez, how can you be  bragging about the President being able to get all of those judges  confirmed and complaining about how much time it took? They know and I  know and people watching the Senate know that we managed to get those  judges confirmed, but the loss--and it was a devastating loss--was the  ability to get on with other legislative work. We should be debating  the appropriations bills one bill at a time. We ought to have an  infrastructure bill on the floor. Today we should be debating the  Defense Authorization Act.   We have a lot of work to do, and our friends on the other side of the  aisle know that every hour they force to be taken for something else-- and certainly a lifetime judicial appointment is important, but every  hour they force to be needlessly taken for that is an hour that the  Senate can't get to anything else. We are going to put a lot of those  hours back on the table in August, and we are going to continue to do  that work and hopefully do the work publicly and visibly and in a way  where every Member is allowed to offer every amendment they want to, to  debate how we spend people's money, to debate how we defend the  country, and to debate how we try to do things that encourage us to be  more competitive. We have a full agenda ahead of us. We are going to be  here for the rest of the year working on that agenda. I look forward to  that.   Hopefully the economic news will continue. Even the New York Times--a  group that has run out of words to use to praise the administration or  the Congress--said last week that they had run out of words to talk  about how good the job numbers were. When the New York Times runs out  of words to talk about how good the economy is, the economy must be  really good. It can be better. It needs to be better. We need to  continue to see people not just with more take-home pay, but now our  goal should be more take-home pay because they have better jobs, and  people have better jobs in a stronger economy. We are headed in that  direction. Let's be sure that we continue to head there.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   