 Mr. Speaker, the House Financial Services Committee has  been working hard for consumers, local banks, credit unions, and  American entrepreneurs during the 115th Congress. Today, we continue  our work with H.R. 4607, the Comprehensive Regulatory Review Act.   Introduced by my colleague from Georgia, Representative Barry  Loudermilk, this bill brings accountability and modernization to the  current regulatory review process for banks, credit unions, and  financial institutions across the country.   Currently, the regulatory audit conducted by our Federal financial  regulators happens just once every decade, and the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau and the National Credit Union Administration are not  technically a part of that review.   It has been 21 years since we evaluated possible changes to this  antiquated and inefficient system. That is why we need Representative  Loudermilk's Comprehensive Regulatory Review Act to ensure the  regulations we have in place are working to do what they are supposed  to do: protect consumers.   This legislation is made even more urgent given that unchecked and  inefficient regulations are working against the very consumers our  regulatory regime was designed to help. Take, for example, the fact  that the United States lost nearly 12,000 of its federally insured  banks between 1984 and 2016, making it harder for small business  entrepreneurs and families to access the credit and capital they need  to create new opportunities and grow.   These banks struggled under the weight of new regulations, either to  disappear completely or to be swallowed up by the big banks that are  able to absorb the heavy cost of compliance. For those banks that are  able to survive, significant tradeoffs are required.   In Rockford, Minnesota, for instance, instead of adding another  lender to their team, one small community bank needed to hire a full- time compliance officer simply to keep up with the regulatory onslaught  from Washington.  [[Page H1387]]  That same bank is spending over $100,000 each year on compliance costs  instead of using that money in ways that would benefit the local  community.   Minnesota's credit unions have also been hit hard by unchecked and  outdated regulation. One study found that credit unions in my State of  Minnesota have incurred $102 million in costs directly related to the  increased regulations created by the Dodd-Frank Act. Worse still, one  in every four Minnesota credit union employees spends their time solely  on regulatory compliance.   Mr. Speaker, we have a duty to stand up for these struggling  financial institutions and, more importantly, the consumers whose  communities are hurting without them. We can do that today.   Representative Loudermilk's legislation sailed through committee in  January receiving support from both sides of the aisle because  Republicans and Democrats know that H.R. 4607 takes necessary and  important steps to ease the regulatory burdens which challenge  community financial institutions in each and every congressional  district.   I appreciate the hard work of the bill's sponsor and the chairman of  the committee to bring this legislation to the floor today, and I urge  my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the Comprehensive Regulatory Review  Act.    Madam Speaker, when the House passed the Financial CHOICE  Act to repeal Dodd-Frank last year, we did so because we believe in  Main Street, we believe in the consumer, the American consumer.   Dodd-Frank promised to protect consumers from the big banks on Wall  Street. In reality, Dodd-Frank has punished small banks and credit  unions and, ultimately, the American consumer.   The loss of community financial institutions tells the story. In my  State of Minnesota, we had 513 community banks in 2000. Today, we have  about 309, and continue to experience a drought in de novo charters.   Credit unions have, unfortunately, faced similar challenges. This  means there are fewer places for Americans to turn when they are  seeking a loan for their first home or perhaps to get a small business  off the ground.   One specific provision in Dodd-Frank requires lenders to deny loans  to individuals who do not meet government-prescribed standards. This,  according to Washington, makes loans safer, since, of course,  government knows best. But in reality, these mortgages have not been  made safer. They have been made unavailable. As a result, the  likelihood of getting approved for a loan and becoming a homeowner has  plummeted.   Representative Barr's legislation, the Portfolio Lending and Mortgage  Access Act, takes steps to empower lenders in Minnesota and across the  country and to better serve the needs of their customers by extending  important protections to institutions and ensuring access to credit for  American borrowers.   At the end of the day, the most effective way to ensure an individual  has the ability to repay does not always need to be government- prescribed.   I appreciate my colleague from Kentucky's hard work to protect and  reinvigorate our community financial institutions, and I urge my  colleagues to support H.R. 2226, the Portfolio Lending and Mortgage  Access Act, as it comes before the House for a vote.   