 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to  15 minutes.    Mr. President, very shortly, the Senate is going to take  two votes on the President's nominees. The first is to confirm Jerome  Powell as the next Fed Chair. Once that vote wraps up, the Senate will  vote on whether to begin debate on the nomination of Alex Azar to be  Secretary of Health and Human Services.   This is one of the key roles in our entire Federal Government in  caring for America's sick and vulnerable. Let me begin by saying that  Mr. Azar does not come with the staggering ethical challenges of his  predecessor, the first Trump HHS nominee, Tom Price.   Here is my concern: Mr. Azar's nomination is a clear symbol of the  President's broken promises on prescription drugs and pledge to secure  better and more affordable healthcare for all Americans. At the outset  of my remarks, I am going to start with the issue of skyrocketing  prescription drug prices that now clobber millions of Americans at  pharmacy windows across America. It is one thing for a Presidential  candidate to have claimed he would just be too busy working to have  time to golf and then spend almost 1 out of 3 days in office golfing.  It is another thing altogether to promise cheaper prescription drugs to  sick and vulnerable Americans who empty their pockets to pay for their  medications only to abandon them completely once you are in office.   Now, it was barely a year ago that Donald Trump stood before our  country and said prescription-hiking drug companies were getting ``away  with murder.'' Those were his words, not mine, not somebody in the news  media. The President said the drug companies were ``getting away with  murder.''   Now he has nominated Alex Azar, a drug company executive with a  documented history of raising drug prices, to lead the Department of  Health and Human Services. From 2012 until last year, Mr. Azar--who is  the head of Eli Lilly's American subsidiary; that is, Lilly USA-- chaired the U.S. pricing reimbursement and access steering committee,  which gave him a major role over drug price increases for every product  Lilly marketed across the country.   On Mr. Azar's watch, the price of Forteo, a Lilly drug used to treat  osteoporosis, more than doubled. The price of Effient, a Lilly drug  used to treat heart disease, more than doubled. The price of Strattera,  a Lilly drug used to treat ADHD, more than doubled. The price of  Humalog, a Lilly drug used to treat diabetes, more than doubled, and  these are only a few of the drugs that were under Mr. Azar's purview.   Mr. Azar told the Senate Finance Committee that he had never--not  even one time--signed off on a decrease in the price of a medicine, and  when asked about that statement in his confirmation hearing, Mr. Azar  was quick to say: That is just the way the system works, but he didn't  give us any concrete examples of how he would buck that system if he  became the head of the Department of Health and Human Services. It  seems to me, given the fact that he was asked questions about what  concrete ideas he had for reforming the system and carrying out the  President's promises to hold down prescription drug prices, he came up  empty. I guess that says he would fit right in with the Trump  administration on prescription drug practices.   In its first year, the Trump administration has made exactly no  progress when it comes to tackling these skyrocketing pharmaceutical  prices. They don't have any Executive orders that have any teeth in  them. There don't seem to be any new initiatives at all. No new  legislation has come from the Department or the White House. Perhaps,  in my view, that is because the administration seems to be busy on  other fronts, like taking healthcare away from those who need it,  people who can least afford to have their bills climbing upward because  of a decision made by a bureaucracy here in the Nation's Capital.    This nomination, as you are going to hear Senators discuss tomorrow,  is about more than just the administration's failure on prescription  drugs. It is, in effect, a proxy on an entire healthcare agenda. This  is really a referendum on a healthcare policy from this administration  that I think is an abject failure.   It is a year in now, and the administration's track record on  healthcare is pretty clear. New data came out a few days ago showing  that the number of Americans with health insurance dropped by more than  3 million people. That means 3 million Americans are a sudden illness  or injury away from the nightmare of personal bankruptcy, having to  sell their home or their car or empty a retirement account to escape  from under that mountain of medical bills.   A very substantial part of that problem stems from the  administration's sabotage on the Affordable Care Act. The  administration cut the open enrollment period in half. That meant  anybody who clicked on the internet, hoping to sign up this month, has  found out that they are just too late. They slashed advertising budgets  that helped reach the younger and healthier customers that make the  private health insurance market affordable. And they made it harder for  those having difficulty signing up for coverage to get a little bit of  help in person.   This sabotage agenda, in my view, is an attack on the kind of health  insurance this administration says it is for. They say they are for a  private health insurance market, but the fact is, what they have been  doing is undermining  [[Page S459]]  the private health insurance market as part of their effort to  undermine the Affordable Care Act. So this policy, perpetrated by a  party and the President who professed to want to run this country like  a business, certainly doesn't reflect the kinds of sound business  practices we see from business leaders in my home State of Oregon.   If that wasn't harmful enough, the administration also is allowing  fraudsters to, once again, sell junk coverage insurance policies that  aren't worth the paper they are printed on.   A major part of the Affordable Care Act was laying down basic  consumer protections for the private market. It was all about saying  that Americans would no longer get stuck with junk insurance that  turned out to be worthless when they actually suffered an injury or  came down with an illness. I can't tell you what a step backward it is  to see the sale of these junk insurance policies.   Years ago, when I was director of the Gray Panthers, it was common to  see older people buy 15 or 20 private health insurance policies to  supplement their Medicare, and they weren't worth the paper they were  written on. They were junk. Finally, we got that changed. We passed a  law with teeth to change it.   But now the Trump administration has, with respect to the private  market and the Affordable Care Act, decided to turn back the clock and  bring back junk insurance in the private insurance marketplace. So  instead of working on a bipartisan basis to make the private health  insurance market more affordable and competitive, the Trump  administration has sabotaged those markets, hiking the number of  Americans without coverage and sticking a whole lot of Americans with  junk coverage that, in my view, is virtually guaranteed to fail them  when they are most in need. The biggest threat their strategy poses on  a basic level is that it wipes out the ironclad guarantee of protection  for Americans with preexisting conditions. Guarantee of access to  healthcare isn't worth much if you can't afford it, and the Trump  administration is doing a bangup job of making healthcare unaffordable  for those with preexisting conditions.   The Trump administration has also undermined years of progress with  respect to women's health. They attack the rule that says women have to  be guaranteed no-cost access to contraception--one of the most popular  healthcare rules in recent memory. Fortunately, the administration's  action on that issue has been held up in the courts, but that is only  one part of the anti-women's health agenda that plays out now.   Just last week, the Trump administration overturned longstanding  protections dealing with States and family planning providers. This, in  my view, is an attack both on a woman's right to see the provider of  their choosing and Planned Parenthood. The administration is also  broadening the exceptions that give employers and universities say over  what kinds of healthcare women can access.   Here is how Mr. Azar described his perspective on that issue when he  went before the HELP Committee. He said: ``We have to balance, of  course, a woman's choice of insurance that she would want with the  conscience of the employers and others.''   We don't have to that. A woman's choice of healthcare is her choice-- her choice and nobody else's. The care she has access to and receives  is not up to her employer and not up to her university. It is up to  that woman and her physician. And now the administration is even going  after protections for LGBTQ Americans.   The bottom line is, the administration is doing a lot more to protect  the perpetrators of discrimination than the victims. Healthcare is a  right in America, but discrimination is not.   The way Mr. Azar describes the position he is nominated to fill, it  sounds as if he understands it. He said in his confirmation hearing: If  I get this job, my job is to ``enhance and protect the health and  wellbeing of all Americans.'' But he is not committed to reversing  these kinds of anti-discriminatory practices I just described.   When I heard Mr. Azar say it would be his job to ``enhance and  protect the health and wellbeing of all Americans,'' I couldn't help  but think back to the first nomination hearing the Finance Committee  had for a Trump HHS nominee. Back then, Tom Price told the committee it  would be his job at the Department just to administer the laws passed  by Congress. He would be out of the legislative business. Once he got  the job, he broke his word, and that has been the norm for the  Department over the year. Congress has every reason to believe that is  going to continue, regardless of the talking points Mr. Azar and  administration officials use.   Finally, I want to discuss Medicaid. Just in the last few weeks, the  administration has begun giving States a green light to slap new and  punitive requirements and other limits on Americans covered by State  Medicaid Programs. My bottom line is, Medicaid is a healthcare program.  The vast majority of those who count on Medicaid either already have a  job or are unable to work due to old age and infirmity. We shouldn't be  trying to make life harder for those folks. The action by the Centers  for Medicare and Medicaid Services goes after people who are just  trying to get by. It is a decision by bureaucrats in Washington, going  after Americans who walk an economic tightrope, who might just be  trying to take care of kids or elderly parents or struggling with a  chronic condition. This looks, on Medicaid, like yet another  ideologically motivated attack on a program that covers vulnerable  Americans--all generations, from newborn infants to two out of three  seniors. The Trump administration is giving States permission to attack  it.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 2 additional minutes.    Mr. President, in a short while, the Senate will have a  cloture vote on Mr. Azar's nomination to run the Department of Health  and Human Services. The debate will be about a lot more than that. It  is a question of whether the Trump administration should be allowed to  take this country backward on health and to discriminate against  Americans. It is a question of whether the attacks on Medicaid should  continue and whether this administration will be held accountable for  its broken promises on lower drug prices, insurance for all, no cuts to  Medicare or Medicaid.   I regret to say to the Senate today that I have no confidence that  Mr. Azar will change course at the Department of Health and Human  Services. I do not support his nomination, and I urge a ``no'' vote  today.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   