 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge support for H.R. 1861,  the Larry Doby Congressional Gold Medal Act.   Over the last 2 years, my good friend and colleague, Representative  Bill Pascrell, and I have had the privilege of sharing the  inspirational story of Larry Doby with our friends and colleagues in  the House of Representatives. Through those conversations, more than  290 Members of the House agreed that Larry Doby deserved to be awarded  the Congressional Gold Medal, the highest civilian award that Congress  can award.   Larry Doby's legacy is one known well to northeast Ohio and to  Clevelanders, but it is one that is often overshadowed by the great  Jackie Robinson. Doby himself was a pioneer in the civil rights  movement, breaking the color barrier in professional sports, and  becoming the first African American to play in the American League.   As the Baseball Hall of Fame states, Doby suffered the same  indignities as Jackie Robinson, but his struggles did not get the media  attention Robinson received. Whether it was being forced to stay in  separate hotels or eat in separate restaurants on the road or not being  accepted by some of his teammates, Doby persevered. In fact, Doby broke  the color barrier in the American League just 3 months after Jackie  Robinson made his major league debut.   During his professional career, he became the first African American  to hit a home run in the World Series, helping lead the Cleveland  Indians to the 1948 World Series championship. He appeared in seven  all-star games and went on to become only the second African American  to become a manager prior to being inducted into the Major League  Baseball Hall of Fame in 1998.   Upon his number being retired by the Cleveland Indians, the great  Hank Aaron said to Doby: ``I want to thank you for all that you went  through, because if it had not been for you, I wouldn't have been able  to have the career that I had.''   In addition to that, though, his storied baseball career, Doby also  served in the United States Navy during World War II. In fact, Larry  Doby took time away from professional sports in order to serve his  country, eventually being stationed in the Pacific theater. He was  honorably discharged from the military in 1946.   Larry Doby led a humble yet courageous life. His achievements in  helping break the color barrier in professional sports make him worthy  of the highest civilian award that Congress can offer.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1861, the Larry Doby  Congressional Gold Medal Act. Again, I want to thank all of my  colleagues who supported this legislation and helped make this day  possible. I especially want to thank my great friend, Mr. Pascrell, for  his dedication to recognizing Larry Doby with the Congressional Gold  Medal.   I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation.   