 Mr. President, the odds are quite good that when this  Republican-controlled Congress closes up shop in December, time spent  attacking the healthcare of women is going to be right up at the top of  how this Congress spent their day. They are back at it again, and this  latest attack that we will be discussing this week goes after women's  essential healthcare decisions.   In my view--and I want to be very clear about this point--this is  another key part of the Trump agenda of healthcare discrimination. This  time, it is going after women. This entire agenda is what the  Republicans are doing their best to blast through the Congress into  law. It is not just a one-off, either.   So I am going to spend a few minutes now to put this particular  health proposal that discriminates against women in the appropriate  kind of context. To do that, I think it is important to describe what  has happened on healthcare since day one of the Trump administration.   The administration and Republicans in Congress came right out of the  gate with legislation that would have deprived hundreds of thousands of  women of the right to see the doctor of their choosing. There was  another attack on Planned Parenthood that completely ignored the fact  that the Congress already regulates what these trusted healthcare  providers can and cannot spend public funds on. What Planned Parenthood  does use public funding for are vital healthcare services that have  absolutely nothing to do with abortion. Let me just make sure people  understand what I am talking about. We are talking about cancer  screenings, prenatal care, preventive services, routine physicals, and  more.   I have townhall meetings in every county in our State. I have had  more than 860 of them. The vast amount of terrain in Oregon is rural.  When I go to those small communities and the least populated areas of  our State, that is what people tell me they go to Planned Parenthood  for--to get those basic essentials, ranging from cancer screenings to  routine physicals. That is what women would lose with this Trump agenda  of healthcare discrimination.    Next up, given the way the year and a little bit longer has evolved,  is the ongoing attempt by the Trump administration to deny women  guaranteed no-cost access to contraception. This is one of the most  popular healthcare policies in recent memory. There are a lot of  reasons why this is smart, not just because it is a matter of fairness  for all women to have access to birth control. When women have access  to contraception, it means healthier pregnancies and healthier  newborns. It also reduces the risk of cancer among women.   You can also look at it in terms of dollars and cents. When you take  away no-cost contraception, you are essentially taxing women based on  their gender. You are driving up the cost of their routine healthcare.  It flies in the face of everything my colleagues on the other side of  the aisle say about the problems of healthcare costs in America.   So those are strikes one and two: denying women the right to see the  doctor of their choosing and making it harder for them to access  contraception. Now the Senate is debating  [[Page S528]]  whether to throw a matter of settled law out the window with a  hyperpartisan ban on abortion after 20 weeks.   My view on abortion throughout my time in public service is it ought  to be safe, it ought to be legal, and it ought to be rare. I have  supported a whole host of policies that bring both sides of the aisle  together.   The Presiding Officer is fairly new to the Senate Finance Committee  and is looking to be involved in a host of issues. My guess is, he will  be very interested in the adoption tax credit concept which I and  others have championed for some time, something that brings both sides  together.   So my view is, abortion, safe, legal, and rare; find ways to bring  both sides together; and respect that the Federal Government ought to  leave women alone on these most intimate decisions that involve women,  their spouses, and their healthcare providers.   The proposal the Senate is now debating is all about telling women  what they can and cannot do. It criminalizes healthcare services that  ought to stay between women and their doctors--healthcare services  often necessitated by potentially life-threatening complications.   I just, for the life of me, don't see the wisdom of a lawmaker or a  bureaucrat in Washington, DC, or a State capital telling a woman how  severe the danger to her life has to become before she is legally  allowed to make this variably gut-wrenching decision to choose an  abortion.   This issue has been settled law in America for 45 years. The debate  should be over, but here it is again, along with these other policies I  have just described, as part of the Trump administration's healthcare  discrimination agenda which is particularly punitive against women.   Let me also recognize the biggest victims under this discriminatory  agenda are women who walk an economic tightrope every single day. If  their local Planned Parenthood clinic is forced to close its doors,  they may not have the ability to take time off work and travel long  distances to see another provider for routine healthcare. They already  balance every day the food against the rent, the rent against  electricity, electricity against gas. Take away these choices, like no- cost contraception, and make their struggle to get ahead that much  harder--especially when the rate of unintended pregnancy is five times  higher among women living in poverty--folks who may not be able to  afford a plane ticket or even a bus ticket to somewhere where they can  find the essential healthcare services they believe are necessary.   There are serious, genuine healthcare challenges that face the  country. Millions of Americans get clobbered every single time they  walk up to a pharmacy window and get pounded by the cost of  prescription drugs. That is the kind of bipartisan debate looking for  solutions.   Another example is the opioid epidemic raging from one end of the  country to the other. More than half a million lives lost in the last  two decades, countless families and entire communities torn apart. The  Congress and the Trump administration haven't done nearly enough to  fight the crisis and, frankly, not anywhere near close to what was  promised in the fall of 2016.   Instead of taking on these challenges, the Trump administration and  Republicans in Congress are just full steam ahead with this agenda of  healthcare discrimination; this week, an attack on women and their  healthcare choices. Passing this bill is going to make it harder for  women to be in a position to make the healthcare choices they believe  are important--maybe essential--for their lives.   I urge my colleagues to oppose the bill.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Iowa.   