 Mr. President, I, too, would like to start by thanking my  good friend, Senator Thad Cochran, for the tireless dedication and  public service he has brought forth here throughout some 40-something  years--45 years.   As has been said, he was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives  over 45 years ago, and he was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1978. As  all of us know, Thad was a practicing attorney in Jackson, MS, and a  graduate of the University of Mississippi School of Law. He also  studied abroad at Trinity College in Dublin, Ireland, where we visited  one time.   We have served together in the U.S. Senate for over 30 years. He has  been an excellent colleague, and I have been honored to have worked  with him. We represent neighboring States, Mississippi and Alabama, and  we have both worked on some of the same priorities. But, mainly, he has  served Mississippi with the utmost dignity and respect.   He has an excellent staff. We are all grateful for their hard work,  their help, and their coordination with all of us.   As chairman of the Appropriations Committee, he has been a remarkable  negotiator. As the majority leader will tell you--he is one himself--we  need those traits at this point in time.   Thad has provided critical funding for various Mississippi priorities  over the years. He hasn't forgotten where he is from. Right here, with  a lot of help, he led the restoration of the gulf coast after Hurricane  Katrina. As I have understood them, his major priorities have always  been the defense of this Nation; education, as Senator Leahy talked  about; agriculture, where he served as the chairman of the Ag Committee  for a long time; rural issues, not only in Mississippi but all over  America. Thad also spent many years serving on the Rules Committee,  where I now chair.   I believe history will reflect Thad Cochran's long legacy of strong  leadership, and I, myself, believe that he has made an extraordinary  impact here in the U.S. Senate.   Thad, as we all know, is very courteous, well-mannered, and has a  low-key demeanor most of the time. He is quiet, he is patient, and he  has built seniority through power and perseverance.   Some people say that Thad Cochran is the last true southern  gentleman, and I think there is a lot of truth to that. Some people say  that he represents the lost art of being nice; we all need to work on  that. He always has been and will be a hero both here and back home in  Mississippi.   Thad, I wish you and your wonderful wife, Kay, well. I think all of  us should strive to continue on the wise path that you have paved for  us here in the Senate.   I believe we are all grateful for his service to Mississippi and our  Nation. We wish him God's speed.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   