 Mr. Speaker, a quick history lesson:   CHIP, 1996, a bipartisan offering; a Democratic President, Bill  Clinton; a Republican Speaker of the House, Newt Gingrich; as part of  welfare reform, we are going to move people from welfare to work.   But what do we do about the children?  [[Page H596]]    If those parents are moved into employment, they are going to lose  their Medicaid. Their children will be lost at sea. So CHIP was  created. CHIP was created as a block grant program, maximum flexibility  to the States. It was authorized for 10 years.   Then when the Affordable Care Act passed, CHIP was authorized for 10  years; funded for 5 years, but authorized for 10 years. We are  finishing up that tenth year of authorization with this bill. I  actually wanted only a 2-year bill as we started. I compromised.  Committee Democrats wanted a 5-year bill. Senate Democrats, Senate  Republicans wanted a 5-year bill. We gave you a 5-year bill.   We funded community health centers. We delayed the DSH cuts that were  part of the Affordable Care Act that our hospitals back home were  saying we can't manage.   Remember, everyone was supposed to be able to lay down in the Elysian  Fields of ObamaCare, except they are not, so our hospitals are tasked  with taking care of uninsured and underinsured patients. We need to  delay those DSH cuts.   But here is the thing that really strikes me. We passed a 5-year bill  through this House. Two dozen Democrats voted for it. And then the  Congressional Budget Office, between then and the end of the year,  said: With the repeal of the individual mandate, it just got a lot less  expensive; and, in fact, if you will broaden it out to a 6-year window,  you will return money to the Federal Treasury.   What that tells me is that ObamaCare is so bad and makes everything  so expensive and the States can do it cheaper.   Okay. The CBO put it on sale, and we should buy. And we brought it  back to you on the floor, and the 2 dozen of you who said, ``We liked  it before when it cost more,'' said you didn't like it when it actually  returned money to the Treasury.   I don't know how we can intuit what you will take. We gave you a good  bill. It was part of a 3- or 4-week continuing resolution. It is not  that hard. Let's pass it. Let's do the right thing for America's  children, our military, and Federal workers across this country.   