 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, the National  Strategy for Combating the Financing of Transnational Criminal  Organizations Act.   On February 9 of 2017, last year, President Trump issued an executive  order directing the Federal Government to combat international drug  trafficking. Now, before I go any further, I want to take note that  this executive order was issued in the third week of the Trump  administration. This early action gives us an idea of how seriously we  must take this issue. The executive order recognizes that illegal drugs  are pouring into our country and they are threatening American safety,  primarily at the hands of cartels and other transnational criminal  organizations.   These criminal organizations are responsible, in large part, for the  rising opioid epidemic sweeping across our Nation. Take my district of  west Tennessee, where we continue to see a rise in the deaths caused by  opioid overdoses. From heroin to fentanyl, and the more potent  synthetic opioid known as carfentanil, we must continue to use every  available resource to prevent the further destruction of our  communities. We have got to say enough is enough.   The important legislation that we are discussing today will create a  plan to track illicit money channels and cut them off at the source.  Specifically, it directs the United States Treasury Department to  develop a national strategy aimed at disrupting these financial crimes.  The Treasury Department will work hand in hand with the Department of  Defense, the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of  Justice, the State Department, and the Office of the Director of  National Intelligence to produce a yearly report outlining a strategy  and detailing ways that the United States Government can continue to  prevent these financial crimes.   For far too long, these criminal organizations have used illicit  business ventures to further finance their activities, which range from  money laundering and cybercrime to the trafficking of drugs, human  trafficking, weapons trafficking, and trafficking in endangered  species.   The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime estimates that these  cartel and transnational criminal organizations generate nearly $870  billion a year. This money is used to directly threaten the security  and the prosperity of the United States of America and other countries  in the Western Hemisphere. Our legislation is a critical step in  disrupting this illicit finance and putting an end to the needless  crimes committed by cartels.   As we have seen, these organizations have evolved in a continued  effort to evade law enforcement. Therefore, in an effort to stay one  step ahead of these bad actors, we have also got to evolve. These  transnational organizations have developed interstate networks to and  from the border in which drugs come up from Central America and the  cash returns back to the country of origin. We simply cannot stand idly  by as these activities continue. We must keep money out of the hands of  those who intend to cause harm to our Nation.   I think this legislation does exactly that. I greatly appreciate the  hard work done by my colleagues from the Financial Services Committee  on this very important legislation. I urge all my colleagues to support  its passage.   