 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the recognition and  the author of this legislation, Mr. Zeldin, for his leadership on the  Stress Test Improvement Act, which I strongly support.   Mr. Speaker, the Federal Reserve administers two stress tests that  they believe analyze the ability of U.S. firms to weather various forms  of economic turbulence. While the Fed failed to sound the alarm prior  to the last financial crisis, the thought is that, with these tests,  one of which was instituted by the Dodd-Frank financial control law in  the aftermath of the financial crisis, the Fed can prevent or at least  mitigate the severity of the next crisis.   I believe that stress tests can be very productive and useful, but  there is such a thing as overkill. When a relatively healthy patient  goes to the doctor, the doctor typically doesn't say: And you need to  go to another doctor, and you need to come see me again every month.  That is really not required. It adds costs, it is redundant, it is  duplicative, and it doesn't materially benefit the patient in terms of  better health outcomes.    The analogy applies to banks. Stress testing is good, but overkill is  costly, and it costs the financial system and doesn't materially add to  financial stability. Certainly there is merit to stress testing, but  there is no doubt that the cloud of secrecy surrounding these tests  confounds the ability of financial firms to correctly identify systemic  risks, to take corrective action, to chart a more sustainable or  profitable path for the future. As a result, financial firms, many of  them banks, are left trying to anticipate these Fed models, wasting  valuable time and resources that could be used to actually address  risks that threaten our economy.   So this environment of regulatory uncertainty actually, I would  argue, undermines financial stability because it distracts from the  mission of the institution, and it certainly is costly in terms of  driving up costs and taking away access to capital for productive  activities that actually strengthen the economy. For these reasons, I  am a proud supporter of this bill, which is a great first step to clean  up some of the regulatory uncertainties surrounding these tests.   The bill does a few things. First, it reduces the frequency of the  required company-run stress tests to once per year. One is enough to  identify risks, instead of two. Second, it eliminates one of the  supervisory scenarios that must be run, leaving just two, again  eliminating redundancy and superfluous, costly activities. Finally, it  prohibits the Federal Reserve from objecting to a bank holding  company's capital plan based on unknown qualitative reasons.   These institutions need to know what the Fed is looking for in order  to satisfy the stress testing that is applied to them. Again, I applaud  Congressman Zeldin and Chairman Hensarling for their hard work on this  commonsense regulatory improvement bill. It is not deregulation. It is  better regulation. It is more effective regulation to not only unleash  greater capital under the economy but actually enhance financial  stability.   For those reasons, Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the American economy and  for financial stability, I urge my colleagues to vote for the Stress  Test Improvement Act.   