 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my colleague from Virginia,  Congressman Garrett. I want to thank him for organizing this evening's  Special Order, but first I want to commend him for his work as a  Virginia State senator for making April 23 Barbara Johns Day in the  Commonwealth of Virginia.   This April 23, Monday, marked the first official recognition of this  important day in the Commonwealth.   Almost 64 years ago, the Supreme Court struck down lawful school  segregation in the case of Brown v. Board of Education. What few people  know is that Virginia was one of the four cases decided that day. There  were three other States, and Washington, D.C., had another case that  was decided the same day.   Virginia's involvement in Brown v. Board of Education stood out  because that effort was led by a student, namely Barbara Johns. She was  only 16 years of age. This stalwart figure in the struggle for equal  education stood up to challenge the notion that African Americans  should receive separate and unequal education under the law.   Barbara Johns grew up in Farmville, Virginia, and attended Robert  Russa Moton High School, an all-Black school serving more than 450  students despite the fact that the facility was designed for only 180.   She described the inadequacies of the school as having shabby  equipment, no science laboratories, no separate gymnasium. Conditions  were so bad at the high school that, in 1947, even in Jim Crow  Virginia, the State offered money to improve the school, yet the all- White Prince Edward County School Board refused to accept the State's  funding.   Barbara took her concerns about the school to a teacher, who  responded by asking her to do something about it.   After months of contemplation and imagination, she began to formulate  a plan. Seizing on the moment, on April 23, 1951, Barbara Johns, a 16- year-old high school student, led her classmates on a strike to protest  the substandard conditions at Robert Russa Moton High School.   Her leadership and advocacy ultimately garnered the support of NAACP  lawyers Spottswood Robinson and Oliver Hill to take up her cause and  the cause of more equitable conditions at Moton High School.   After meeting with the students and the community, they filed suit in  Federal court in Richmond, Virginia.   The Virginia case was called Davis v. County School Board of Prince  Edward County, and, in 1954, Davis became one of the four cases decided  in the Supreme Court in Brown v. Board of Education.   There is a saying that ``courage is not the absence of fear, but the  assessment that something else is more important.'' Her courage led to  the powerful language in the Brown decision that still rings true  today.   In the case, the Court said:   ``Today, education is perhaps the most important function of State  and local governments. Compulsory school attendance laws and the great  expenditures for education both demonstrate our recognition of the  importance of education to our democratic society. It is required in  the performance of our most basic public responsibilities, even service  in the Armed Forces. It is the very foundation of good citizenship.  Today, it is a principal instrument in awakening the child to cultural  values, in preparing him for later professional training, and in  helping him to adjust normally to his environment. In these days, it is  doubtful that any child may reasonably be expected to succeed in life  if he is denied the opportunity of an education. Such an opportunity,  where the State has undertaken to provide it, is a right which must be  made available to all on equal terms.   ``We come, then, to the question presented: Does segregation of  children in public schools solely on the basis of race, even though the  physical facilities and other `tangible' factors may be equal, deprive  the children of the minority group of equal educational opportunities?  We believe that it does.''   And the Court concluded: ``We conclude that, in the field of public  education, the doctrine of `separate but equal' has no place. Separate  educational facilities are inherently unequal.''   Those powerful words were provoked by the courage of Barbara Johns  and others like her who led the charge to bring the cases to the  Supreme Court.   The example of Barbara Johns should serve as an example for all of  us. She did not sit on the sidelines, and neither should we.   We should speak out when we see injustice, we should act when we see  inequity. The best way to honor her legacy is to act in the same spirit  that she did.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Virginia (Mr. Garrett), for  providing an opportunity to remind us of our obligation to do the right  thing.   