 Mr. President, it is sometimes said that today's  Senate does not measure up to the Senate's previous years because we  have no eloquent Senators who make compelling speeches. I think Senator  Collins has just disproved that today. Whether or not one agrees with  her, she was eloquent. Her speech was compelling, and she has presented  her case in the tradition of another Senator from Maine who was serving  here when I first came many years ago as a young Senate aide, Senator  Margaret Chase Smith. It is that tradition of independence and  diligence which is so valuable and so important, especially in times of  stress like this.   I had thought of following Senator Collins with some remarks of my  own about what I found when I read the background checks today. I went  to the section where we read classified documents. I saw that over 25  years, 150 people had been interviewed about Judge Kavanaugh. They had  specifically been asked a question about whether they saw any evidence  of alcohol abuse, and every single one said no and that there was no  evidence of sexual impropriety.   I want to thank Senator Collins for her insistence on an extra week  so that we could have a seventh FBI investigation. I took the time to  review that as well. I saw that no matter how credible Dr. Ford  seemed--and she did seem credible to me--no one except Dr. Ford  remembers that alleged incident. And the other four, as Senator Collins  said, who Dr. Ford said were there either don't remember it or said  that it didn't happen.   I think the takeaway from what the Senator from Maine has said is  that we  [[Page S6589]]  have reached what she said she hopes is the rock bottom in the Senate  confirmation process. This is not the way things should be. Whether you  are a Democrat or a Republican, we know that the most awful  allegations--sexual assault certainly is as awful as any--deserve a  modicum--there is a standard of fairness. She used the words ``more  likely than not'' in her case. But in the U.S. Senate, we should be  able to deal with such issues in a much better way than we have dealt  with this.   We--all of us; the confirmation process--have victimized Dr. Ford,  and we have victimized Judge Kavanaugh. Until 2 weeks ago, Judge  Kavanaugh had a reputation among most people who had ever heard of him  as one of the leading scholars, judges, and teachers in America. I  believe he is that, which is why I am voting for him. I am glad we are  voting for him.   I hope we all pause for a moment and listen to what Senator Collins  said.   I will conclude where I started. There may have been a time when  there were more eloquent Senators who made more compelling speeches  down the hall in the Old Senate Chamber--we know their great names--but  her speech today stacks up with the best of them.   I have heard speeches in this body for nearly half a century, both as  a young aide and as a Member of the U.S. Senate, and I will remember  this one. It is not just because I happen to agree with her, but  because she showed characteristic diligence, independence, fairness,  and a suggestion of the lessons that we should have for the future of  this unique institution and this unique country that we prize so much.   I am going to think about what she has said. I hope other Members of  the body do, and I hope many other Americans do as well.   Thank you.   