 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland for  yielding to me at this time.   Mr. Speaker, this is truly embarrassing. I don't even think  ``Saturday Night Live'' could come up with a skit of this nature.   Here we are today debating a constitutional amendment to balance the  budget on the heels of one of the most fiscally reckless tax cuts in  this Nation's history, which the Congressional Budget Office just  estimated will increase our national debt by over $2 trillion over the  next 10 years.   Eighty-three percent of the benefit is going to the wealthiest 1  percent. What relief is being delivered to working families disappears  in 5 years. This also came on the heels of a 2-year budget that exceeds  the current spending caps by over $300 billion.   Now, don't take my word for it. Consider what Republican Senator Bob  Corker recently said, who was the deciding vote in the Senate on that  tax cut:   ``If it ends up costing what has been laid out here, it could well be  one of the worst votes I've made.''   ``None of us have covered ourselves in glory. This Congress and this  administration likely will go down as one of the most fiscally  irresponsible administrations and Congresses that we've had.''  Republican Senator Bob Corker.   Now, listen, I have supported a balanced budget amendment in the  past, but I have done it primarily as a check against reckless  Republican spending. As history has shown, it is typically during  Republican administrations when budget deficits explode and during  Democratic administrations when they come down.    But why are we making this so difficult on ourselves? We don't need a  constitutional amendment. We need to get back to budget rules that we  know work.   Pay-as-you-go budgeting worked. We had it in place in the 1990s  during the Clinton administration, and it led us to 4 years of budget  surpluses and we were paying down the national debt. We had pay-as-you- go budgeting in the early years of the Obama administration, when he  inherited a $1.5 trillion budget deficit from the previous  administration, and by the time President Obama left office, that was  reduced by over two-thirds.   We don't need a constitutional amendment. We need political courage.  We need budget rules that have shown that they work in the past. That  is what we should be discussing today.   