 Mr. President, I have been listening to our colleagues  with  [[Page S7881]]  rapt attention at the excellence of their presentations and the depth  of their understanding of this problem.   I couldn't help but notice on the charts of the Senator from Oregon,  often the source was NOAA or NASA, two Agencies where we have had to  worry, in the last 2 years, about the attempted muzzling of science, of  scientists, and the seeming putdown of science--not by the Agencies  themselves because they are such great experts. As matter of fact, when  I have held several hearings at ground zero, which is South Florida,  where we are seeing the effects of climate change in the rising of the  seas and now are seeing a mean high tide and the water sloshing over  the curbs of South Florida cities--having these hearings there, it is  often NASA scientists and NOAA scientists who testify.   So I want the Senator from Oregon, the Senator from Delaware who  preceded him, several others, and the Senator from Massachusetts to  know how much I appreciate their taking up the banner and keeping on  this matter.   I also want to say that if we do not change our processes of putting  a lot of carbon into the air--and, as the Senator said, it is often  methane, it is often carbon dioxide--the Earth will continue to heat  up. If it gets heated up to something over 4 degrees Fahrenheit more  than the average annual global temperature, that is the point of no  return. At that point, you can't stop the heating up.   If we know the disaster now that we see in the sea level rising, the  greater cost to government with the additional infrastructure, the  moving of water wells further inland to keep away from the encroaching  sea water and saltwater intrusion--if we know that, why in the world  would we not contemplate the ultimate destruction of the planet if it  gets too hot? I would love to get the Senator's comments.    Mr. President, I will conclude my remarks by just  bringing you back to the vision that I had in the window of a  spacecraft orbiting the Earth every 90 minutes. An hour of that was in  the daylight of the sun and about a half-hour of that in the shadow of  the Earth, which is the nighttime, looking at how beautiful the Earth  was, and yet it looked so fragile. You could look at the rim of the  Earth, that bright blue band, but right underneath it you could see  that very thin atmosphere that supports all of our life. With the naked  eye, from that altitude in the spacecraft orbiting the planet, you  could actually see how we are messing it up.   You could see this in flight 34 years ago. As a matter of fact, our  first launch attempt, 34 years today, took us five tries to get off the  ground, but once we did, we could see with the naked eye how we are  messing it up. Coming across Madagascar, the island nation off the  southeast coast of the continent of Africa, you could see they had cut  down all the trees. You could immediately see the effects because when  the rains came, there was no vegetation to hold the topsoil, and the  topsoil was all running down. From that altitude, looking down, you  could see that silt going out into the bright blue waters of the Indian  Ocean. With the naked eye, you can see that. It is such a beautiful  planet. We best take care of it.   Indeed, that was the effect upon me of having gone into space. I  decided I wanted to be a better steward when I came back to Earth. Here  we are, 34 years later, still fighting--fighting and fighting--to try  to get people to understand what we are doing to ourselves. I thank  this Senator, and I thank all the Senators who have spoken here, and I  want your voices to keep strong and keep consistent and keep at it  because sooner or later--hopefully, not after a catastrophe--the  world's population is going to come around and understand that we have  to be better stewards of our home.   I yield the floor.   