 Mr. President, I am honored to join my colleagues here to  talk about President Bush. The outpouring of appreciation from the  country has been significant.   His son, the 43rd President, said that it takes a long time for the  determinations of history to come in. I think the 41st President had  almost 25 years for people to begin to put his Presidency in the right  kind of historical reference, the right context of looking back and  seeing not only what happened then but what has happened since then  because of what happened then. I am pleased that he and Barbara were  able to live long enough after that significant Presidency to see what  happened.   Certainly in Missouri, we claim part of the Bush family. His mother  grew up in Missouri. The Walkers were from Missouri. He treated  Missouri like it was one of the States that he was connected to by  relationship. His grandfather and later his Uncle Herbert and the rest  of the family would go in the summer to Walker's Point, named after  that Missouri part of his family, just like the Walker Cup is named  after that part of his family.   The impact of his mother is pretty great. I heard the President  talking the other day, in an interview with Jenna Bush, about whom he  would look for when he got to Heaven. That was a couple of years ago, I  think. He said: Well, if Barbara has gone there first, I think the  right answer would be that I am going to look for her first. But then  he said: I think my mom and my dad, and he said their daughter Robin,  whom they lost when she was 3 years old.   So his mother was an important part of his life. You could tell that  when talking to him or to his children, when they remembered their  grandmother, and you could see a lot of what she taught him in him,  including that competitive nature. They don't name sporting cups after  your family unless your family begins in competition. There was that  competitive nature, but that was also based on never bragging about  yourself. To be a real competitor like the President was and not brag  about yourself is not always an easy thing, but, certainly, maybe to  his political detriment, it was part of his upbringing.   Another part of his upbringing included, in many ways, the best  values of that World War II generation: Stand up straight, take  responsibility, share credit, and take blame. Those were all part of  who George Herbert Walker Bush had become--that idea that you should do  what you are supposed to do and that idea of the importance of service  to others. If you are going to be part of the team, if you are  President Bush--I heard Jon Meacham, his biographer, say that he tried  to kind of get into the depth of that: What about this commitment to  service, and aren't there lots of ways to do that, and can't you have  service without recognition? But President Bush, understanding the  conflict, actually, in what he believed and the profession he had  pursued said: Well, there is nothing wrong if you are going to be on  the team to want to be captain of the team, whether it is captain of  the Yale baseball team, which he was, or the President of the United  States.   The Yale baseball team leads me to another thing that the Presiding  Officer and I know when we think about him; that is, the willingness as  a young man to serve--and to serve immediately. In fact, at 17, still  in high school, after Pearl Harbor, he talked about going to Canada to  join the Canadian Air Corps because you could do that at 17, but in our  country you couldn't join the Air Corps until 18. There was no Air  Force yet. It was the Army Air Corps or the Navy Air Corps. He was  persuaded by, I assume, his mom and dad, and others, by saying: Well,  let's finish high school first, and then when you are 18, you can join  the U.S. Air Corps. He did that, I believe, on his 18th birthday, or  really close to his 18th birthday, to become then the youngest aviator  in the war at the time when he got his flying credentials and serving  in that way. That was part of that generation.   Then, the war was over, and he and Barbara get married right before  the war ended. Then he goes to college. That young man with a wife and  a baby goes to college and becomes the captain of the baseball team. He  was a man with really always great athletic ability and great grace in  so many ways. He had grace under pressure and grace with others, but  grace in sports, as well, and the ability to do that.   Now, when you are the captain of the Yale baseball team, you can talk  a lot about the team instead of yourself. When you decide to enter  politics, there is an almost total contradiction between pursuing  political office and not talking about yourself. It just doesn't quite  work that way. You have to be willing to do that. We could always see  in President Bush that reluctance to cross the line his mother had  taught him and talk about himself and talk about his accomplishments.  Even at his best, he was held back, in many ways, by that reluctance-- what he would see as bragging on himself.   His public service was significant and broad-based. I believe you  could make the case that perhaps no one had ever been better prepared  to be President than George Herbert Walker Bush, but in that effort to  become President, you have to run first. I remember in 1980 hearing  Barbara Bush talking about this. I remember this because it was so  unusual. I don't remember anybody else saying anything like this when  they decided to run for President in 1980. When he ran for President, I  heard Barbara Bush say this when asked: This guy has run for Congress  once; it is the only elected office he has ever had, the House of  Representatives and reelected. And she said: Yes, but George has a big  family and thousands of friends.    Now we see, at the end of his life, how that network of friends  continued to be an important part of who he was, but I don't recall a  single other person ever successfully running for President on the  basis that he had a big family and lots of friends. But that was his  unique way to associate with people, which included the thousands of  letters he wrote. As the Vice President said yesterday, he wrote to  friends over the years, and as it turned out, in retirement. He wrote  letters to almost anybody who would write him. He would respond as,  again, his mother probably taught him to do: If somebody takes the time  to write you, you take the time to write them back. He was a man of  appreciation and thank-you notes and sympathy notes. So that network of  friends and family eventually became very important.   Now, where I live in Missouri, we were the ultimate bellwether State  for about 100 years. My friend from Ohio would come close to being able  to take that crown for a while. Ohio has usually been a winner in  Presidential elections. But for 100 years, from 1904 to 2004, we voted  for the winner every time but one. So that last part of that--that last  20 years of that time period--very much is the time period where  President Bush 41 and Bush 43, for that matter, were part of national  politics.   Missouri would have been a significant place for him anyway. His  brother lived there--his younger brother Bucky, who passed away in the  last few years--and Ambassador Burt Walker was there. So there are lots  of interrelated and connected family members.   So we saw Candidate Bush and then Vice President Bush and then  President Bush in our State a lot. I was the elected secretary of State  when he was Vice President, and I was the secretary of State when he  was President. So I had the chance to benefit from knowing him.   I had a chance to go to Walker's Point a few times and to go to  church with the Bushes. If you were with the Bushes on a Sunday, either  you were  [[Page S7267]]  going to be left by yourself or you were going to go to church, because  that was as much a part of who President Bush was as anything else-- maybe a bigger part than anything else.   He said that in his faith--the Episcopal faith. Maybe he wasn't about  sharing publicly his faith, but he was absolutely committed to his  faith. In fact, he raised the money to build a chapel at Camp David  during his Presidency. There had not been a chapel there before. A  number of Presidents, starting with Franklin Roosevelt, had used Camp  David, but it was President Bush who decided: Well, church services on  Sunday in the cafeteria could be in a better place; let's do what we  can.   So he raised the money privately to build the chapel that is there  today.   The Missouri connection goes a little bit further. Not only did  Missouri vote for President Bush in 1988--and if my story is going to  have any truth to it, I would have to point out that Missouri voted for  Bill Clinton in 1992, because we were still voting for the winner by  pretty much the margin of whatever the national average was in the last  50 years of that 100-year saga.   After Desert Storm, President Bush looked around to find a place to  do the first Fourth of July parade, and he came to Marshfield, MO, in  the county where I was born--Webster County. I was going to be grand  marshal of the parade that year, as I recall, but when it became  apparent that the President wanted to come to be in that parade, I was  more than willing to concede that he should be the grand marshal of  that parade, and I walked not too far behind him.   Then, in 1992, after the convention--I believe it was the first  kickoff--the first campaign kickoff was at Branson, MO, and I had the  chance to be there with him. We went to a country music show at the Moe  Bandy Theater. Loretta Lynn was sitting with the President and Mrs.  Bush, and their good friend from Texas, Moe Bandy, was performing. That  was a part of America and a part of our music that the President loved.  I think the kickoff rally itself was outside in the parking lot, at  Silver Dollar City, and the Herschend family was there. JoDee Herschend  just this week died, as well, after a long fight with cancer.   All of those connections go back to the big family and thousands of  friends. There was nowhere in that matrix that I just talked about  where President Bush didn't leave with more friends than he had when he  came--friends whom many times he figured out how to develop a lifelong  connection to.   All of us could use more of that skill. There is social media and the  quick response, but the letter writing and the phone calling and the  thinking about when you need to reach out to people in a way they can  transparently feel it continues to be important. The other things are  not unimportant, either, but his connectedness took a little more  effort than some of ours do.   Let me just say, in terms of preparation and how it paid off, he was  CIA Director, a Member of Congress, one of the very first Envoys to  China, before we had official relationships, Envoy to the United  Nations, Vice President of the United States, and his making  connections and contacts and friendships.   There was Desert Storm. Saddam Hussein invades Kuwait, and the  President says: ``This will not stand.'' He assembled what may have  been the greatest coalition of nations at any time. The nations that  weren't willing to fight were often willing to help others to pay for  the fight. I don't know if anybody else could have put that coalition  together the way President Bush did, but he put that coalition together  with maximum force and to guarantee minimum loss and suddenly freed  Kuwait and showed that the United States was still going to stand up  for people who couldn't stand up for themselves.   Then, there was the collapse of the Soviet Union. We have just enough  time now to look back. I have heard many others over the last few days  talk about how that could have gone so badly wrong for all of the other  countries that were trying to emerge from the domination of Russia and  the Soviet Union. But George Herbert Walker Bush was on the phone,  reaching out, talking to leaders, saying the things that actually had  just been predicted by the West Germans themselves to be impossible-- that, somehow, East Germany could become part of West Germany. That is  exactly what happened. The President encouraged, stood beside, and went  out of the way to be sure that Helmut Kohl, the leader of West Germany,  had the kind of support that he and his government needed. He reached  out to bring this country, which had been isolated for 40 years, back  as part of their country and into the country. So all of these East  European countries that were emerging from Soviet domination had a  chance to move from domination to democracy. That would not have  happened the way it happened if somebody less prepared and less capable  had been there. Character paid off then, and character is being  recognized today for the value it has. As thousands have walked by the  casket in the Rotunda of the Capitol of the United States of America,  millions of others have thought about what a life of character means,  about what the willingness to take responsibility means, and about how  important it is to share credit, to take blame, to be prepared, and to  believe there is great value and virtue in serving others. That is what  George Herbert Walker Bush did.    As we think back at the impact he and Mrs. Bush and their family have  had on the country, there is a great lesson to be learned. I hope we  are all taking time to learn it.   I yield the floor.   