 Madam President, so many are still grieving from the  atrocious killing of 17 people at the high school in Florida. Indeed,  our entire State is grieving. Broward County is grieving. Parkland is  grieving. I think we are going to find on March 24, in the rallies and  the marches that will occur in 500 cities around this country and will  have a focus of the main one in Washington, that a lot of people are  grieving, because a lot of people all across this country have been  touched by these massacres that continue to occur, starting almost  three decades ago at Columbine in Colorado. We have certainly had our  fill of it in Florida just in the last 2 years: 49 people gunned down  with an assault rifle, a Sig Sauer MCX, at the Pulse nightclub; another  assault pistol used to gun down 5 people in the Fort Lauderdale  Airport; and now an AR-15 used to gun down 17. He would have gotten a  lot more had he been able to open the third-story window overlooking  the courtyard from a perch as the students fled across the courtyard to  get out of the schoolyard. He couldn't get the window open. He tried to  shoot it open, but it was hurricane-proof glass, and it only shattered;  it didn't break.   It has been almost 1 month since the tragic shooting. Those 17  families--14 students and 3 adults--are certainly grieving, and we have  seen in the last few weeks many of the parents, students, families, and  community leaders stand up to say that enough is enough. They are  asking us, the U.S. Congress, to enact meaningful legislation to reduce  gun violence.   The action starts in Tallahassee, and the students are going there  while the State legislature is still in session, talking about  commonsense solutions, such as enacting universal background checks in  the purchase of a gun; not allowing a gun show loophole or a private  transaction loophole; not allowing a loophole for orders on the  internet; universal background checks that would include mental  problems; if you have been on the terrorist watch list, that would  include, of course, criminal records but also mentally adjudicated  records; universal background checks in the acquisition of a gun,  particularly an assault rifle. But we can't get that passed here  because some folks aren't listening.   Take, for example, what was said at the White House just last night.  Giving in to the will of the NRA, the White House announced that it  would provide Federal funding for firearms training for teachers and  other school personnel. This Senator thinks that arming teachers is a  terrible idea. It is not what the students are asking for. It is not  what the teachers are asking for. It is not what the American people  want us to do.   Just last week, the Florida legislature passed and the Governor  signed into law a bill--a watered-down version, but it is still arming  school personnel, and it falls short on what is really needed to reduce  gun violence and especially the massacres that are occurring. While  what Florida has done is a step in the right direction, particularly  with regard to mandating 3-day waiting periods in the purchase of an  assault rifle, we are far from where we need to be in addressing gun  violence if  [[Page S1623]]  we are talking about putting more guns in our schools, and if--as the  President suggested last night--we arm teachers. The teachers don't  want it, and I can tell you who else doesn't want it. The SWAT teams  that have to storm the building looking for the shooter don't want to  encounter a teacher with a gun and mistakenly think that teacher is the  shooter. It is common sense.   What studies do supporters of this idea cite, suggesting that arming  teachers will reduce gun violence at schools? Why even propose this  solution before seeing what policies are proposed by a new Federal  commission on school safety, which has now been developed? Why don't we  at least see what they are proposing? No, this is to sell more guns by  arming teachers.   I have spoken to many teachers, students, and families. I haven't  found one person who wants teachers to be armed, including the teachers  themselves. There is near universal agreement that arming teachers is a  terrible idea. Yet such an idea continues to direct Congress's  attention away from obvious and commonsense solutions supported by most  Americans, which are universal background checks and getting the  assault rifles and banana clips that have 30 rounds off the streets.   I have supported several bipartisan bills--some with my colleague  from Florida, Senator Rubio--that address background check issues and  seek to make sure our schools have the resources to keep our students  safe.   Senator Rubio and I announced last week that if there are red flags,  they need to be brought to the attention of law enforcement. We are  offering in our bill a Federal incentive program to the States to get  those red flags about a problem person to the authorities before it is  too late. But ideas like arming teachers and putting more guns in our  schools are just plain dangerous.   Mr. President, I know you have backed off of certain things because  the NRA wanted you to, and I know you are now proposing arming  teachers. Let's get down to some real commonsense solutions. Let's work  on how to prevent assault weapons from getting into the wrong hands and  to stop the massacres that continue to plague this country. The people  of America want no less.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   