 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment, which would strike  $65 million for the development of the W76-2, or low-yield, nuclear  warhead and move that funding to the nuclear nonproliferation account.   The development of these warheads is based on the fallacy that  nuclear war can be small and contained using smaller, lower yield  weaponry. The idea that a nuclear war can be contained or minimized is  dubious at best and terrifyingly dangerous at worst.   Former Secretary of State George Schultz has affirmed this, saying  that ``nuclear weapons are nuclear weapons'' and that the only logical  path of a nuclear strike is escalation to higher yield weapons.   This sentiment was recently reiterated in a letter signed by  Secretary Schultz and nearly three dozen other current and former  national security experts and officials, including former Senate  Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Richard Lugar and former Secretary  of Defense William Perry, opposing the development of these types of  warheads.   Further development of these types of weapons creates a greater  possibility for a nuclear confrontation that will be impossible to  contain. Instead of making us safer, it will only increase the chances  that countless lives could be wiped out in an instant.    This is an excellent amendment. It will make America safer.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the excellent amendment  by the gentlewoman from California.    Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of this amendment  which would remove the provision in this bill which prohibits funding  from being used to implement National Ocean Policy.   This provision represents yet another in a long line of attempts by  House Republicans to weaken an effective, common sense policy that  protects our nation's oceans.   National Ocean Policy allows federal agencies to coordinate  implementation of more than 100 ocean laws, and allows state and local  governments to have a say in the ocean planning process.   In my home state of Rhode Island, the Ocean State, a strong National  Ocean Policy is vital to our economy.   Rhode Island's ocean economy generates more than $2 billion annually,  including more than $1.4 billion from the travel and tourism  industries, and nearly $94 million from the commercial fishing  industry.   On top of this, Rhode Island's Ocean economy supports more than  41,000 jobs.   My state, as well as all coastal states, depends on clean, viable  oceans to support these industries, which is why it is such a terrible  idea to undermine the development of a strong National Ocean Policy.   National Ocean Policy does not create any new regulations, supersede  existing regulations, rather, it helps coordinate the implementation of  and compliance with existing regulations in order to ensure a more  efficient and effective decision making process.   The funding prohibition in this bill would undermine good, effective  policy, and would undermine effective stewardship of our nation's  oceans and coastlines.   I strongly support this amendment to remove the provision, and  encourage its adoption.   