 Mr. President, the images that we have seen from our own  country over the past few days are shocking and heartbreaking. They  don't reflect our values as a nation. I am glad the President is  reversing course. I am glad that he is signing something, putting a  stop to his administration's cruel, pointless, and heartless policy of  separating children from their parents at the border. That is just the  beginning of the work that needs to be done to undo the damage that the  President's policy has inflicted on these children and to begin to  create a more human and humane immigration solution.   Any parent can tell you that being separated from a child is one of  the worst things you can imagine. We have seen pictures and heard the  sounds of crying children--children who are still in diapers. When I  first heard that  [[Page S4274]]  audio clip--I think all of us remember the first time we heard it--of  children who were screaming and crying for their parents, I almost  couldn't listen to it.   As an American, as a human being, as a father, as a grandfather, it  was revolting. It should be hard to listen to. We should recoil at  those terrible sounds. The second it is not heard, the second we shrug  our shoulders and do nothing at the sounds of little children who are  wailing, that is the second we lose our humanity. It is hard for us to  listen to. If it is hard for us to listen to--if it makes us  uncomfortable--that is nothing compared to what it must mean, to what  it must feel like, and what those parents are going through.   Yesterday, the administration reported that some 2,300 children were  taken from their parents at the border in just a single month.  Everybody in this body has gone to a school, and probably everybody in  this body has gone to a grade school to visit. Remember what it is like  to walk down the hall or to walk into a gym or to walk into a classroom  and see dozens or even hundreds of children. Think about that. Think of  walking into a school and seeing happy children--lots of them, dozens  of children--who are singing or talking or playing on a playground.   Now think of these 2,300 children who were taken from their parents  at the border in a single month--from May 5 to June 9. For 5 weeks,  there were 60 kids taken, every single day, on average. There were 60  kids yesterday, 60 kids the day before, and 60 kids the day before  that. We don't know how many since June 9, but from May 5 to June 9,  there had been 60 kids every single day.   Clearly, the President did the right thing. Clearly, the President  did it under great political pressure. Clearly, the President never  admitted he was wrong about it. That is not something he would do,  unlike most human beings I know. Yet signing something today doesn't  magically reunite those families overnight. It is not like these  children now--as any of my colleagues who have watched children who are  at a grade school, who will run out to the cars when their moms pick  them up or run out to the playground, joyfully, when their dads visit.  They will not magically reunite with their families overnight. Signing  this order the President signed--oh, so clearly reluctantly--will not  undo the trauma those children have endured.   We still don't have good answers as to what has happened to those  kids or what kinds of conditions they are living under. We have heard  reports of siblings who have been ripped from their parents that they  can't hug each other. We have heard of staff being told they are not  allowed to comfort these children by touching them and hugging them.  Imagine that. A child is taken away from her mother, and you are not  even allowed to comfort her. You are just supposed to let her scream.  That is inhumane, un-American, and is counter to everything most of  us--at least in this body, if not the White House--have been taught.   Dr. Colleen Kraft, the current President of the American Academy of  Pediatrics and the past medical director of the Health Network by  Cincinnati Children's in my State, warned that the toxic stress  resulting from these separations can slow down brain development. She  called it ``a form of child abuse.''   Today, I demanded answers from the Secretary of Health and Human  Services and from the Secretary of Homeland Security about what they  are doing to care for the mental, physical, and emotional well-being of  the thousands of traumatized children in their custody.   This chapter isn't closed. You don't just say, ``Thank you, Mr.  President, for finally doing the right thing. Everything is fine.'' We  have to track those 2,300 children for that month's period. There have  been almost 2 weeks since then and more children. We have to find these  children, comfort them, and examine them. Pediatricians have warned  that this is some kind of child abuse because it can slow down brain  development, and these children have already seen horrors that the rest  of us can't imagine.   Some of these parents are seeking asylum in America. They are fleeing  violence, and they are just looking for a safe place for their  children. Who knows how many of these children already were traumatized  because they had lived in a war zone, because they had lived in an area  with all kinds of violence from drug wars. They were pulled out of that  and were traveling with almost nothing but the clothes on their backs  and very little, with one or both parents, and went north, not knowing  what was going to happen each day and seeing things that almost none of  us growing up has seen. Then they were separated from their parents at  the border.   The way we keep our country safe is by going after terrorists and  violent criminals, not by turning our backs on families and children  just like ours, whose only goal is to escape violence and persecution.    We have a lot of work to do to fix our immigration system, but  tearing families apart will not solve anything. We need to come  together, and we need to work on a bipartisan solution that recognizes  we aren't going to deport 13 million people who are already here. We  can secure our borders. We can create a pathway for people to earn  citizenship if they follow the law, to have a job, and pay taxes.   My son-in-law, Alejandro, lives in Cranston, RI--the boyhood home of  our colleague Senator Jack Reed. He was 10 years old--maybe 11 years  old--when he came to this country. His mother was a journalist. She had  her life threatened as a journalist in El Salvador. She fled their  country to come to our country. The parents then went to New York. We  embrace people like that--who are refugees, whose lives we can save,  and who can contribute so much to our country, as Alejandro has and his  mother has. His whole family has contributed to this country. He is the  father of two of our grandchildren now.   This may be a complicated issue, but we are a country of values that  protects people. We are a haven for so many people. We have made a  difference in so many lives because of who we are and what our values  are. Surely, it is a complicated issue, but the administration has only  made it so much worse. It has added the challenge of having to undo the  damage it has done in having to work to get those children back to  their parents and help to make them whole.   I hope we are seeing the end of this heartlessness. I hope this isn't  a one-step pullback by the President, and then there will be more  attacks on immigrants and more attacks on children. We have a lot of  work to do to pick up the pieces and reunite families. The  administration needs to provide answers immediately as to how it is  going to make that happen and end the cries of these children with  comforting words and much more.   I close with this story.   I had a message on Facebook from an Ohioan. He had heard the tragic  story of a 10-year-old with Down syndrome who was reportedly separated  from her parents at the border. That is barbaric, but this Ohioan gives  me hope. He wrote that he and his wife have a daughter with Down  syndrome. They wanted to offer to take in the little girl and her  mother and have them stay with their family in Ohio. Imagine that.   Those are the values of Ohioans. Those are the values of North  Carolinians. Those are the values of Americans. They are not the  President's values, who, because of whatever motive, has separated  these families. That encompasses the State and the country I love--this  family who wrote to us. I know there are so many more Americans out  there who feel the same way--who practice compassion, whose hearts  break for these children. It is time for their government to step up  and reflect those values of this great country.   Mr. President, yesterday, I met a veteran from Massillon, OH, James  Powers. Mr. Powers brought to my attention a problem he was having with  the VA's accounting mistakes, and our conversation led to a bill I  introduced with Senator Tester, a Montana Democrat, and Senator  Boozman, an Arkansas Republican, the bipartisan Veteran Debt Fairness  Act. Both Senators serve with me on the Veterans' Affairs Committee.  Both Senators know how VA overpayment and debt affect veterans every  day.   James retired 2 years ago, but he noticed that the Army was  continuing to pay him both an Active-Duty salary  [[Page S4275]]  and retirement benefits. James caught the mistake. He did the honorable  thing. He notified the VA it was overpaying him, but the VA continued  to overpay him. Then it charged him twice to recoup the overpayments,  and they garnished his benefits.   The staff in my office worked with the VA to resolve James's issues,  but this should never have happened in the first place. It is fixed  now. He had to go through that. To his credit, to James's credit, he  wanted to make sure his experience, which was uncomfortable--or worse  at times--would change policy and affect future veterans so they  wouldn't have to go through this, which is why I admire him so much.   This story is too common. In 2016, the VA issued some 200,000  overpayment notices to veterans. When this happens, the agency often  tries to get its money back by withholding some or all of the monthly  disability payments our veterans have earned. Our veterans deal with  enough stress already. They shouldn't be forced to pay for the VA's  accounting mistakes.   Our bill would ban the VA from charging veterans for its own mistake  in overpayments. It should protect veterans' payments who depend on  their benefits by capping the amount the VA can deduct from a veteran's  monthly payment at 25 percent. It would ban the VA from collecting  debts that are more than 5 years old.   Our veterans sacrifice so much already to serve our country. I am the  first Ohioan to ever serve a full term. I have been on this committee  now for 12 years, the Veterans' Affairs Committee. I am on that  committee because we should serve those who serve us. We should protect  those who protect us. The veterans shouldn't be paying for the mistakes  of the agency that is supposed to serve them.   Unfortunately, our bill was not included in the National Defense  Authorization Act last week. Instead, we have an amendment to the  MILCON-VA bill to require the VA to track down these overpayments and  report to Congress on the scope of VA debt. We will continue to push  for the Tester-Boozman bill, but I hope all of my colleagues will join  me in supporting this bipartisan, commonsense step toward fixing VA  overpayment and debt for America's veterans.   I yield the floor.   