 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, when we think about climate change-- something we don't do much of in this body--we often think about rising  global temperatures and heat waves, and we think of changing weather  patterns, stronger storms, or sea level rise threatening coastal  communities. We actually see these effects unfold across the United  States and around the world as heat records fall, winters shrink, and  waters creep ever higher along our coastlines.   We also see the economic consequences of climate change. Just last  year, the United States suffered a record 16 separate billion-dollar  weather disasters, adding up to well over $300 billion in damages.  Acidifying seawater has devastated shellfish harvests in the Pacific  Northwest. Rhode Island fishermen struggle as their traditional catches  move farther north and offshore. Insurers and bond rating agencies warn  that coastal regions are becoming too risky to build homes and  infrastructure.   Among those various hazards, there is another hazard: the effects of  climate change on public health. The Rhode Island Department of Health  has produced this guide for Rhode Islanders to help them understand the  health risks they face from climate change and to better learn how to  protect themselves from what are often new risks.   Perhaps the most obvious effect of climate change on public health is  increased heat-related illness and mortality. This link has been well  studied across the country, often cross-referencing temperature records  and death certificates. Work has been done by a lot of places; one of  them is Rhode Island's own Brown University.   Here is the Rhode Island Health Department report. Over the last  century, Rhode Island's average temperature has already increased by  more than 3 degrees Fahrenheit, and temperatures are expected to keep  on climbing due to climate change. Currently, Rhode Island sees on  average only about 10 days of 90-plus degree temperatures. Starting in  the next decade and running through the end of the century, the number  of days that the heat index will hit at least 90 degrees will rise to  between 13 and 44 days each summer. That is as much as 6 weeks in a  summer of heat in the nineties. That increase of hot summer days caused  by climate change puts many Rhode Islanders at risk, particularly those  who don't have air conditioning, either because they can't afford it or  because, right now, they don't need it. Heat waves are the leading  cause of extreme weather-related deaths in the United States, causing  an average of more than 600 deaths a year and thousands more  hospitalizations. Rhode Island, even though we are in the Northeast, is  not spared, and with climate change, it will only get worse.    Hot days pose a health risk to many different groups of people, as  shown here in Rhode Island's Department of Health report. Children, the  elderly, people who work outdoors, athletes, the disabled, pregnant  women, and folks who are on medications that reduce their bodies'  ability to dissipate heat are just some of the many people who are  especially at risk from heat waves. Because of the nature of their  responsibilities, emergency responders are particularly vulnerable.   When I visited Phoenix, AZ, I was told by their emergency response  leadership that they are having to restructure the duty schedules to  protect firefighters from being overcome, if they are out fighting  fires or responding to an emergency in daytime temperatures, because  they overheat. So you have to rotate them through much faster and add  cooling and hydration teams to support the fire crews as they speed  through their heightened rotations.   An ER doc from the Lifespan health system in Rhode Island visited my  office and told another story about an older woman who was treated for  a heat-related illness. She had just been sitting outside on a hot day,  in the Sun, enjoying herself. Perhaps she didn't feel the need to  hydrate herself. Perhaps some routine medication that she was on made  her more susceptible, but she was not aware of how quickly she was  overheating. When her husband returned home from work, he found her  lethargic and unable to move, with a body temperature of 107 degrees.   Hotter temperatures are bad on their own because of the effects they  have on people's bodies and because of the added deaths that they  cause, but they also work to create more ozone. Ozone is dangerous.  Ozone is dangerous for children. It is dangerous for the elderly. It is  dangerous for anyone with asthma or other breathing-related  difficulties. Again, from Rhode Island's health report, Rhode Island's  asthma rates are 33 percent higher than national averages for adults  and 40 percent higher for children. So asthma is pretty serious for us,  and people go to the hospital for this.   This is not just an inconvenience. In Rhode Island, we have heard air  quality alerts on morning drive-time radio. You are going in to work  and listening to the radio, and the announcer is saying, ``Kids,  seniors, people with breathing difficulties, you need to stay indoors  today.'' It is a sunny, perfect summer day, it seems. Ozone is not  visible, but because it is there and because of what it does to lungs  and to asthma, people in Rhode Island are told they can't go outdoors  that day. That kind of bad day alert, because it is for ozone, is going  to become more frequent as climate change warms up our climate and  produces more ozone.   It works this way. Our air in Rhode Island is polluted, primarily, by  midwestern powerplants. Out in the Midwest, they run the emissions up  supertall smokestacks. The pollution is then injected up into the  atmosphere and is carried away on prevailing winds. Guess what. It  bakes in the Sun,  [[Page S2253]]  turns to ozone, and it lands on us--not them, us. It is their  pollution, our lungs.   Thanks a bunch, guys.   Our air is also worsened by smoke from forest fires, even from as far  away as Canada, and the warming climate, as the Presiding Officer  knows, has created an extraordinary fire situation out West. Changing  precipitation patterns have produced more fires, and that means more  smoke in downwind States, and we are a downwind State.   The result of all of this is that Rhode Island's air quality receives  only a C from the American Lung Association. This poor grade is largely  because of ozone, most of which comes from out of State. We end up with  grade C air because of, primarily, out-of-State pollutants. This is not  just some minor inconvenience. Across the country, air pollution--much  of it made worse by climate change--is responsible for a staggering  200,000 premature deaths each year.   Pollen is another problem. Shifting seasons produce a longer pollen  season. Increased pollen levels, particularly with increased air  pollution, kick in allergies, which takes us into another risk. The  warmth of earlier springs and later falls also means that tick and  mosquito season in Rhode Island lasts far longer than it used to, and  that moves us to yet more health risks and diseases.   Rhode Island already has the fourth highest rate of Lyme disease in  the country. We have over 900 cases a year, and as temperatures  increase, we are likely to see the number of ticks in Rhode Island  increase, which would be expected to lead to even more cases of Lyme  disease. In States not too far north of us, the tick situation has  gotten so out of control that they are actually seeing moose calves die  off because they are so swarmed with ticks. I am sorry. I know this is  a little bit gross, but calves are dying when their bodies can't  support both their own metabolism and feeding the ticks that have  crawled up onto them in the thousands--in some cases, over 10,000  ticks. So we have to be concerned about this not just for ourselves but  for the wildlife around us.    Warmer temperatures also provide a longer breeding season for  mosquitoes. More downpours--yet another result of climate change-- result in more standing water, which is habitat for mosquito larvae.  Rhode Island has been up 76 percent in extreme downpours since 1950.  That is the largest increase in extreme precipitation events out of all  50 States. Of course, these little critters, the mosquitoes, carry the  West Nile virus, the Eastern equine encephalitis, and other illnesses  we didn't used to see in our State.   As if all of this were not bad enough, climate change is also  worsening another natural hazard that threatens public health--harmful  algae blooms. Algae naturally occur in lakes and oceans, but in certain  conditions, algae populations can explode. These blooms, they call  them--blooms of algae--can slime waterways and overwhelm ecosystems,  eating up nutrients, and they can deplete oxygen in the water and in  the oceans so completely that no other life can exist, so that other  creatures--fish--actually suffocate in the water. Algae are often,  therefore, the reason behind massive fish kills.   Some kinds of algae even produce toxins. People can become sick from  exposure to the contaminated, toxin-filled water and even from the air  if you get enough surface turbulence and churning of waves that it  aerates the toxins, and then it is inhaled. The toxins can get into our  food chain. They end up in shellfish and seafood on our dinner plates.  Depending on which toxin it is, the consequences for people, for pets,  and for wildlife can range from rashes and skin irritation, to pretty  severe neurological and gastrointestinal symptoms, to respiratory  arrest, and even death.   In 2016, New England was hit for the first time by a Pseudo-nitzschia  bloom--a kind of algae that produces a toxin, domoic acid, which caused  large swaths of Narragansett Bay to be closed to shellfishing. The  Providence Journal reported: ``In the more than 15 years officials have  tested for [domoic acid], Rhode Island . . . never had a bloom reaching  dangerous levels.'' In March of 2017, Rhode Island was forced, once  again, to institute emergency shellfish closures in Narragansett Bay-- stuff that did not used to happen before this--when algae produced  dangerous levels of domoic acid.   This may seem funny to my western colleagues, but people make their  living doing this stuff, so it is not funny to us in Rhode Island when  climate change is warming our oceans and creating these risks. Harmful  algae blooms have also been advised for ponds in Portsmouth, Cranston,  Greenville, and Tiverton.   In all of these ways--from heat-related illnesses, to respiratory  disease, to allergies, to tick- and mosquito-borne illnesses, to toxic  algae blooms--climate change has serious and wide-ranging effects on  public health. Rhode Island's Department of Health has done an  excellent service with this report--in helping Rhode Islanders learn  how to be aware and to protect themselves. It was supported, by the  way, by a grant from the CDC, the Centers for Disease Control and  Prevention, in its Climate and Health Program. It was a small $10  million program, but it helped this project's report come to fruition  in Rhode Island. We appreciate it. It is a wise investment to help  prepare Americans for unfamiliar diseases that are being driven into  our neighborhoods by a change in climate.   As I conclude, I know that there are colleagues here who do not care  to listen to environmental groups, but they might want to listen to the  American Medical Association. The American Medical Association writes:  ``Scientific surveys have shown clear evidence that our patients are  facing adverse health effects associated with climate change.''   Colleagues might listen to the American Lung Association, which  writes: ``Climate change seriously threatens our wellness--especially  our lung health.''   Perhaps colleagues might consider the opinion of the American Academy  of Pediatrics, which writes: ``Tackling climate change could be the  greatest global health opportunity of the 21st century.'' They write  that because here is the problem: ``Climate change poses threats to  human health, safety, and security, and children are at particularly  high risk.''   We may disagree about a lot around here, but when the American  Academy of Pediatrics is telling us that climate change poses serious  threats to human health, safety, and security and that children are at  particularly high risk, it is a very callous thing to pay no attention.  It is time to wake up. Our constituents' health and well-being actually  does hang in the balance, and this Rhode Island report shows it for our  State at least.   I yield the floor.   