 Mr. President, I rise today in support of Annemarie  Carney Axon to be U.S. district judge for the Northern District of  Alabama.   Annemarie Axon is exceptionally qualified to be a U.S. district  judge. Her strong, respectful temperament and commitment to  impartiality prove that she is well-suited for this esteemed position.   Ms. Axon has spent her entire career devoted to the law. She is  presently a member of Wallace, Jordan, Ratcliff, & Brandt, LLC, in  Birmingham, AL, where she focuses on fiduciary and probate litigation.  Prior to her current role, she served as assistant vice president at  AmSouth Bank. She began her legal career in 2000 as an associate at the  firm Edwards & Angell, LLP, in Rhode Island.   Axon is a member of both the Alabama and Rhode Island State Bar  Associations and represents a broad range of clients including  individual and corporate fiduciaries and financial institutions in both  State and Federal court.   In addition to her experience in the courtroom, Axon serves as the  president of the YWCA Junior Board, as well as the Girls on the Run  board of directors. She is also a member of the Mountain Brook City  Schools Foundation Board and a member of the American Cancer Society.   Following her initial nomination in July 2017, Ms. Axon appeared  before the Judiciary Committee for consideration. During the hearing,  Axon stressed the importance of certain characteristics required to  serve as a judge, including the ability to be fair, open-minded,  courteous, and respectful to the attorneys and parties in each case.  The committee favorably reported her nomination in October 2017.   I believe Annemarie Axon exemplifies all of the characteristics of a  proper judge. I am confident that she will base her decisions on the  law above all else, despite the outcome of each case.   Confirmation of her nomination is beyond imperative, as the swift  confirmation of district judges plays a vital role in the functioning  ability of the U.S. judicial system.   By confirming Annemarie Axon to be a U.S. district judge, Congress is  allowing the work of the U.S. judicial branch to continue in a manner  that will best serve our Nation.   