 Mr. President, I rise today to express my frustration--my  outrage--that this body is poised to miss a historic, once-in-a- generation opportunity to stop the major airlines from gouging  Americans with exorbitant fees every time they fly.   In the dark of night early Saturday morning, House and Senate  committee leadership released a Federal Aviation Administration  reauthorization bill that does not include a commonsense, bipartisan  provision to protect passengers from having to pay $200 to change a  ticket that costs $250--a provision that would have protected a family  from paying $200 to cancel a flight because another family member had  fallen seriously ill and a vacation had to be canceled.   Instead, after months of lobbying against my bipartisan FAIR Fees  provision, the airlines won and airline passengers lost. I would  compare it to the Christians and the lions, but in this story, the  Christians even had to pay extra to enter the amphitheater.   What once were considered the basic services of flying have now  become optional and with a massive price tag--checking a bag, carrying  on a bag, flying standby for an earlier flight, printing a boarding  pass, early boarding, seat selection, changing or canceling your  flight, even a blanket and pillow.   Air travelers are being nickeled-and-dimed, but the real cost is in  the billions of dollars. That is because the major airlines have turned  fees into a multibillion-dollar industry. Last year, the airlines raked  in $7.4 billion in fees. More than $4.5 billion came from now having to  pay to check your bag, and $2.9 billion was extra fees if you wanted to  change your ticket or if you wanted to cancel your ticket. That is  billions of dollars. That is actually the equivalent of 11 million  flights from Washington, DC, to Boston. That is the cost that is now  imposed upon consumers. Passengers think they are buying low-cost  fares, but they are really just victims of airline greed in support of  a new multibillion-dollar profit center.   Even in the past few weeks, as we worked in Congress to include  important consumer protection measures in this final FAA legislation,  the airlines continued to raise their fees.   Last month, JetBlue Airways raised its change and cancellation fees  from $150 to $200 for certain flights. They also raised fees for a  passenger's first checked bag from $25 to $30 and increased the fees  for a second checked bag from $35 to $40. That is $140 to check two  bags for a round trip. Shortly after, United Airlines, Delta Airlines,  and American Airlines followed suit, raising their bag fees to match  JetBlue's.   In college, I might have spent more time being interested in politics  than economics, but I thought competition was supposed to drive prices  down and not up. So why are the airlines charging these fees? Well, the  first answer is, because they can, but the real answer is, because  there is no competition among domestic airlines.   In the past 10 years, we have gone from 10 major airlines down to  just 4. Only four airlines control 85 percent of traffic in the skies.  The only thing competitive about the current airline industry is the  fight for overhead compartment space. Americans have more choice in  where to eat at the airport than which airline they can take.   We know that when choice goes down, fees go up. And these sky-high  fees bear almost no resemblance to the cost of the services being  provided. The Government Accountability Office, GAO, recently released  a report confirming what countless passengers across the country  already know to be true: Airlines are gouging captive passengers to  line their pockets, not to cover the actual cost of the services  provided.   Does it really cost $200 for American Airlines to change a ticket?  Does it really cost Delta Air Lines $40 to load that second bag--$10  more than processing the first bag? Airlines are increasing their fees  in order to match their competitors. They are actively seeking to  deceive passengers by offering artificially low fares and then charging  exorbitant fees on the back end.   Enough is enough. It is time we put a stop to these abusive  practices. That is why Republican Senator Roger Wicker of Mississippi  and I joined together to get our provision ensuring change and  cancellation fees are reasonable into the Senate FAA reauthorization  bill.   When a liberal from New England and a Republican from the Deep South  can agree on policy, we are on the right side of history. Yet the  airline industry had other plans. They stated their No. 1 priority in  the FAA reauthorization was defeating our FAIR Fees provision.   What is it about this provision that they would stop at nothing to  block it from becoming law? Why would the airline industries band  together on this one issue? They don't compete truly against each other  in the marketplace. Here, they could all come together on one policy.  It is because they don't want the Department of Transportation to  assess whether change and cancellation, baggage, and other fees are  reasonable and proportional to the costs of the services provided. They  don't want to ensure change and cancellation fees are reasonable. That  is all that our provision does--ensure that these fees are reasonable  and proportional to the cost of the services being provided by the  airlines to the customer. That is it. It is as commonsense and as  straightforward as you would want an airline passenger to receive from  their airline--fair and reasonable.   No price is determined by this amendment--only that it has to be fair  and reasonable and related to the cost that is, in fact, borne by the  airlines in order to provide that service. How onerous could that be on  an airline? Why can't we get that passed through this body so that  consumers don't get tipped upside down at the counter as they try to  change a ticket or to cancel a ticket? Why can't we get that passed?   If a child gets sick and a passenger has to change or cancel a flight  weeks in advance, does it really cost Delta Air Lines $200 to cancel  that ticket? If a meeting gets postponed so a ticket has to be canceled  2 weeks before departure, is it fair for United Airlines to charge $200  for a ticket that costs about that same amount? Are those fees  proportional when the airlines can still resell the vacated seat, even  if the passenger cancels weeks ahead of time?   Think about that. The passenger gives the airline 2 weeks' notice.  Then, they have to pay a fine, $200. Then, the airline resells the  ticket to another passenger. What is the cost to the airline in that  kind of situation? Or are they just exploiting the vulnerability of the  passenger who has to change it? They have resold the ticket for the  same price or higher to another passenger.   The answer is no. Passengers have no choice. They have no  alternative.   The market has failed, leaving these flyers vulnerable to fee gouging  and corporate greed from the airlines. You are at the counter, and they  can say: Go to another airline.   And you say: Well, there are no other airlines at this airport that  fly to my destination. It is the only airline I can rely upon.   Well, then, pay the cancellation fee, pay the change fee because you  are not at a marketplace where you can then say: There is another  airline I can go to right here at this airport that will take me to  that destination nonstop.   In fact, the only thing the airline industry was more committed to  doing than raising airline fees was defeating the consumer protection  provision in the FAA bill. We still have an opportunity to right this  wrong. Tomorrow the House of Representatives will consider the FAA  reauthorization bill. On behalf of the flying public--the millions of  Americans who are subjected to ridiculous airline fees--I call on the  House to add the FAIR Fees provision to the FAA reauthorization bill,  and I call on my Senate colleagues to support it. It is time to stop  nickel-and-diming American families and ensure  [[Page S6298]]  that they are flying the fair and friendly skies. Otherwise, these  billions of dollars, year after year, will come out of the pockets of  consumers who have no choice.   Senator Wicker and I worked together to build it into the Senate  bill. We should not have receded to the position of the House. That was  a mistake. This history is going to continue because the anger of the  flying public is only going to build as each and every month and year  goes by. The day is going to come, I vow to you, where we are going to  have this in a bill that passes this Chamber and the House of  Representatives.   This is an issue whose time has come. If it has been blocked, it is  only temporarily. We are going to return to this issue. Everyone in the  Congress will be made accountable to the flying public so that they are  not given this offer they can't refuse every time they are at the  counter: Pay or don't fly. It is absolutely wrong.   At this point, I yield back.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   