 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, nobody-- nobody in this Chamber has more respect for the junior Senator from  Utah than I do. He is whip-smart, he is honest, he is a good guy, and  we almost always vote together. I have some problems I would like to  point out to the Chamber with respect to the Senator's request for  unanimous consent.   No. 1, it is a fact that 98.5 percent of all of the homes insured by  the National Flood Insurance Program are not owned by a bunch of rich  people; 98.5 percent of those homes are located in counties with a  median household income below $100,000; and 62 percent of those homes  are located in counties with a median household income below $54,000,  which is the national average. So I would respectfully disagree that  the purpose and the effect of the NFIP are to help people with their  expensive beach homes.   No. 2, if we adopt the motion by my distinguished colleague, the NFIP  is dead on Tuesday. Let me say that again. If we do what the  distinguished Senator would like us to do, on Tuesday, the 31st, the  NFIP expires. The reason is that, even if I agreed with what my  colleague wanted to do, we do not have time to pass this bill, get it  to the House, and get it to the President in time to keep the program  from expiring on July 31--and, by the way, the House has recessed.   No. 3, I agree with my colleague that this program needs to be  reformed, and we all, including my distinguished colleague, have been  working toward that end. We are not there yet, but we are working hard  toward that end.   I slightly disagree with the proposition that we reformed the program  in 2010. I think the last time we really, truly reformed the National  Flood Insurance Program was never, and it is about time that we do it  now.   The final point I would like to make is that the amendment my  colleague is asking this house to adopt today is not just about  vacation homes costing $2.5 million. I have looked at the bill, and by  my reading--and the reading of people a lot smarter than I--this bill  would apply to any structure, period, that costs more than $2.5  million. That structure would not be eligible to participate in the  NFIP. It would prohibit assisted living centers, it would prohibit  dormitories, it would prohibit hotels, it would prohibit apartment  buildings from insurance coverage under the National Flood Insurance  Program. If you can't get it from the private sector--and, in many  cases, you will not be able to; that is why we have the NFIP--you are  on your own. It would mean we couldn't have any more low-income  housing. Low-income housing projects are required to have flood  insurance from HUD. We all know that. They would be barred from  insurance coverage under this amendment.   Residents of Louisiana, Texas, Florida, and Puerto Rico also know  that if one of their communities is not participating in the NFIP, then  Federal assistance can't be used in any of those areas.   Finally, this amendment would jeopardize the ability of communities  to receive community development block grants for disaster recovery.   Let me say again, the junior Senator from Utah is absolutely correct:  We need to reform this program. But we need to keep it alive. It is not  going to do anybody any good to let this program expire on Tuesday and  scare 5 million-plus Americans half to death. We don't have to do that.   There is an instrument coming to us from the House. It extends this  program by 4 months. It passed the House overwhelmingly. The House vote  was 366 to 52. I am strongly encouraging the majority leader to bring  this extension. All it does is maintain status quo for 4 months to  bring this extension to the floor. Let's pass it, and let's keep this  program alive.   With all the due respect I can muster, I think the purpose of this  amendment is to cause the NFIP to expire, and I just can't live with  that. I couldn't sleep tonight if I did. For that reason, I object.    Mr. President, with respect, I reassert my objection.   