 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, when we look at what this body has done  over the past year and a half, when we look at what the U.S. Senate  stands for and what the 100 Members of the Senate have done in the last  18 months, unfortunately, one thing is really clear: Corporations get  handout after handout while ordinary Americans get the shaft.   Corporations are doing really, really, really well, especially those  companies that shut down production in places like Mansfield, Toledo,  Lima, and Gainesville and moved production overseas; those companies  are rewarded. They are rewarded because down the hall, often in the  dead of night, lobbyists gather in the majority  [[Page S2588]]  leader's office and write tax legislation, write healthcare  legislation, and write consumer legislation that always helps the  richest and the biggest and the most profitable in our country and  leaves out the middle class, working families, and low-income  Americans.   We saw it with the tax bill. Eighty percent of the benefits over the  course of this bill--80 percent of the benefits, $4 out of every $5--go  to the top 1 percent of earners in this country. Reports show that  corporations have funneled their tax savings to executives and  investors over workers by a three-to-one margin.   The people who wrote this tax bill promised us that the money saved  by large corporations--their tax rates were cut from 35 to 22 percent  and other kinds of tax goodies were bestowed on the largest  corporations in this country. They promised the tax savings would go to  higher wages for workers and investments in communities that produce  more jobs. Do my colleagues know what happened not too many weeks ago?  General Motors near Youngstown, OH, announced they were laying off  1,500 workers.   General Motors saved billions of dollars under the tax bill, but that  money didn't go to Youngstown or Ohio or the workers, and it didn't go  to investments in communities; it went to the executives in higher  compensation. Right before the tax break, the five top-earning  executives at General Motors brought home $100 million last year. That  was before the tax cut, before taxes were raised on all of you in the  middle class. Taxes are raised on working families over time, and the  tax breaks go to the richest people in this country.   We saw it with the tax bill. We saw it with the rollback in  protections for consumers. It is easier for big banks and payday  lenders to take advantage of their customers and deny those customers  their day in court when they are cheated.   We see it in healthcare legislation when Members of this body--well- paid U.S. Senators, well-paid, get good benefits, good healthcare  coverage--were willing to vote time and again to take that healthcare  coverage away from consumers. In Ohio alone, 500,000 people right now-- over the course of the last few years--have gotten opioid treatment for  their addiction because they had insurance under the Affordable Care  Act. These Members of the Senate have tried to take it away from them.   Now the question is: Are we going to see it again? Are we going to  see the bias in this body for the wealthiest, largest corporations on a  tax bill, on a bank bill, on a healthcare bill--are we going to see it  again with net neutrality? Are my colleagues going to allow corporate  special interests to shut down the free and open internet or, for  once--for once--is this body going to stand for the people we serve?   Net neutrality rules keep the internet free from corporate  interference. Protecting those rules is vital to protecting free speech  and consumer choice and access to public information.   But last December, the FCC--the Federal Communications Commission--on  a party-line vote, where there is a majority of Republicans on this  Commission, voted to repeal those rules by one vote, allowing internet  providers to slow down internet speeds and offer better connectivity to  the highest bidder.   I don't know any individual in Dayton or Cincinnati or Gallipolis or  Bellaire, OH, who has said to me: I don't want net neutrality; I want  corporations to be able to charge different rates and stick it to  people with low incomes and offer something better to those people who  are wealthy. I have never heard anybody say that.   I know companies that benefit from changing the net neutrality rules;  I don't know any individuals who want to do that. But it is not  individuals and the middle class that control this body or control the  Federal Communications Commission. It is the people who represent the  largest corporate interests.   We know that without net neutrality rules, broadband providers can  charge customers more for faster speeds, squeezing out startups,  squeezing out nonprofits and rural consumers--consumers who can't  afford to pay an extra fee. They could be forced to pay for internet  packages the way we do cable packages--paying more for popular sites  and to have pages load faster. Anyone who has ever been on the phone  negotiating packages with their cable company knows how frustrating it  can be and knows where this could be headed.   High-speed internet is expensive enough as it is. Customers already  have too few choices. In some cases in Ohio, for instance, people in my  State have no choice at all. I will never forget that not too many  years ago I was talking to a high school sophomore who told me she  lives in very hilly Appalachia, Southeast Ohio, and she told me that  she can't really study at home because she doesn't have access to the  internet, to any kind of high-speed internet, because she lives in a  valley. She goes to her grandmother's up on a hill to study so she can  do her school work the way she needs to. If we don't stand up to the  Federal Communications Commission, if we don't stand up to these big  telecommunications companies, if we don't stand up and do the right  thing here, that will continue to be a problem and increasingly be a  problem for far too many Ohioans. A free and open internet that levels  the playing field for entrepreneurs and startups to compete with big  corporations is what we need to have.    So many of my colleagues love to talk about their support for  business, but the question is which businesses. It is small businesses  that drive job creation. It is small businesses that create two-thirds  of all net new jobs. These are the companies that will be hurt the most  if the biggest corporations--again, in this Senate--are allowed to  gouge them for internet fees.   This shouldn't be partisan. Nobody separates themselves as  Republicans and Democrats out in my State on these kinds of issues, but  here it is partisan. Here it is partisan because, first of all, the  administration looks like a retreat for Wall Street executives, with  this huge--this very decided bias toward the wealthiest people in this  country. We know that on issue after issue, this body always sides with  the largest corporations, but small businesses will be the ones that  are hurt the most, as I said.   It shouldn't be partisan. We know the internet is vital to modern  life and modern businesses.   Today I spoke to a woman from Cleveland, OH, a small business owner  named Helen Quinn. She and her husband, Jesse Mason, started Mason's  Ice Cream as a food truck that would go to local farmers markets. Using  tools from Google and others, they were able to grow a following for  their business. In 2014 they had reached a point where they had been  successful enough that they were able to buy an old, iconic walkup ice  cream shop in Ohio City, a neighborhood west of downtown Cleveland, not  far from where I live. They are now operating full time. They employ  local Clevelanders. They partner with other small businesses in the  neighborhood.   This Friday, Helen and Jesse will join me in Cleveland for the Grow  with Google summit to talk to other small businesses and entrepreneurs  and job seekers about the best techniques for using the internet to  grow businesses and find jobs. I would bet any amount that there will  not be one person there--not one entrepreneur, not one job seeker, not  one business owner--who says: Oh, I want to relax these net neutrality  rules. I want to side with the big corporations instead of allowing  free and equal access to the internet.   Why would we want to make that harder and more expensive? Rolling  back these net neutrality rules will hurt the very people all of us  claim we want to help--small businesses, startups, students, Americans  looking for jobs. Those are the people who will get hurt.   Many large corporations will do well under this bill. That typically  is the motive and mission for people who come out of the majority  leader's office, these lobbyists who are always working on these issues  to help corporate America. But rolling back these rules will hurt those  very people we claim to want to help--again, small businesses and  startups and entrepreneurs and students and Americans looking for jobs.  That is why today we are filing a petition to get moving on a bill to  overturn this disastrous decision and reinstate net neutrality rules.  [[Page S2589]]    It is another question fundamentally, as pretty much every debate  here is, of whose side you are on. Are my colleagues going to stand,  again, with the biggest telecom corporations as they stood with the big  corporations that outsourced jobs, as they stand with Wall Street, as  they stand with Big Tobacco, as they stand with the Koch brothers, as  they stand with the big healthcare companies that deny insurance and  deny healthcare to working families? Are they going to stand with  them--with big telecom companies that slow down the internet, slow down  the economy to pad their own bottom lines? Are we going to stand with  the people we serve--with hard-working Americans and small businesses  and students and entrepreneurs who need access to the internet?   The internet doesn't belong to a wealthy few. This Senate too often  belongs to a wealthy few. It shouldn't. A lot have opposed those  efforts. We know, though, that the internet should not belong to a  wealthy few. The internet belongs to the people we were sent here to  represent.   I hope my colleagues will join me and sign this petition to protect a  free and open internet.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   