 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise, as I have many times for nearly  two decades, to shed light on the long struggle of Liberian refugees in  the United States, and to make the case for this administration to  extend Deferred Enforced Departure, or DED, for this population before  they face potential separation from their jobs and families when their  current DED designation expires on March 31.   I also call on my colleagues to take up and pass the Liberian Refugee  Immigration Fairness Act, which I offered in some form for as long as I  have served in this body, to end nearly 30 years of uncertainty by  finally giving these Liberians the opportunity to apply for permanent  residency and a pathway to citizenship.   I also would like to take a moment to express my gratitude to those  advocates who have stood with me as I have worked for a solution for  Liberians in America, including my Rhode Island colleague, Senator  Sheldon Whitehouse, as well as our colleagues from Minnesota, Senators  Klobuchar and Smith.   The case of these Liberians is a tragic and historically unique  situation. In 1989, a seven-year civil war broke out in Liberia that  would claim the lives of over 200,000 people and displace more than  half of the Liberian population. This conflict devastated Liberia-- halting food production, collapsing the nation's economy, and  destroying its infrastructure. By 1991, an estimated 14,000 Liberians  fled to the United States seeking refuge from the conflict. In March of  that year, the Attorney General granted them the opportunity to  register for temporary protected status, or TPS.   Every subsequent administration has renewed TPS for Liberians each  year until the end of the first civil war, but the prospects for a safe  return ended when Liberia plunged into a second civil war from 1999 to  2003. This horrific conflict ended with the departure from power of  former President Charles Taylor, who is currently serving a fifty-year  prison sentence, issued by the Special Court for Sierra Leone, for war  crimes.   In 2014, Liberia's still poverty-stricken and recovering  infrastructure faced the challenge of responding to the Ebola virus  outbreak in West Africa. Liberia had fewer than 200 licensed doctors to  contend with the outbreak among the country's population of over 4  million people.   Throughout this succession of conflict and tragedy, Liberians who  sought refuge in the United States have had the option to remain here  lawfully under TPS or DED while conditions remained unstable in  Liberia.   This is not amnesty. In order to participate, these Liberians are  required to pass periodic background investigations, pay hundreds of  dollars in fees,  [[Page S1754]]  and stay out of trouble with the law. Many of these Liberians who have  been through this process for decades are perhaps among the most vetted  and rigorously examined individuals in the United States today.   They have also received work authorizations, enabling them to work  and start businesses, pay taxes, and raise families. Many have full- grown American citizen children who attend American schools and serve  in our military. At the same time, they have not been afforded earned  benefits available to American citizens, so they are responsible for  paying their taxes, they are responsible to conduct themselves as law- abiding citizens, but they are not building up any type of Social  Security benefits or any other benefits like other American workers  are. In the years since 1989, they have become our neighbors, our  friends, and an important community that contributes a great deal to  the diversity and prosperity of States like Rhode Island.   Today, Liberia has only just completed its first democratic transfer  of power in decades, and there are still serious concerns about the  Nation's ability to maintain peace and deliver essential services to  its population.   If the Trump administration fails to extend the DED deadline for  Liberians, hundreds of Liberian American families could be separated  and uprooted from their jobs and homes, and forced to return to a  country that is unrecognizable to them. Moreover, at best, it is  unclear how Liberia's recovery could be affected by a sudden and  unexpected influx of newcomers from the United States.   This is why, each time Congress has taken up comprehensive  immigration reform--and more recently discussed these issues in the  context of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA,  Program--I have worked to ensure that any adjustment of status  provision includes relief for Liberians who have become Americans in  every way except on paper. Congress continues to debate the best path  forward for Dreamers, TPS recipients, and comprehensive immigration  reform, but Liberians cannot wait another month or another year. They  have just over 2 weeks before their time is up.   At the very least, the Trump administration should extend DED for  this population for 3 additional years while Congress debates a path  forward on comprehensive immigration reform.   In my view, with each year that has passed since the first of these  Liberians arrived, the case has grown stronger that they should have  the option to adjust their status and remain in the communities where  they have made their homes and raised their families. We have long  since reached the point where simple justice requires that Congress  extend this option to these Liberians.   On several occasions, Congress has granted temporary residents the  opportunity to apply for permanent residency when their stays in the  United States were prolonged by dangerous conditions in their home  countries. In 1988, Congress passed a law offering permanent residency  to temporary residents from Poland, Uganda, Afghanistan, and Ethiopia.  Following the events in Tiananmen Square in China, Congress permitted  over 52,000 Chinese nationals to apply for permanent residency. The  Nicaraguan Adjustment and Central American Relief Act, or NACARA,  permitted the same for 259,000 nationals of Nicaragua, Cuba, El  Salvador, and Guatemala. The Syrian Adjustment Act permitted 2,000  Syrian Jews to obtain permanent residency. The list goes on. The fact  is that there is ample precedent for providing relief for this  relatively small Liberian population. Like past Congresses, this  Congress must acknowledge the simple fact that the United States is now  home to these law-abiding and taxpaying Liberians. To ignore them or to  say otherwise not only threatens to break up American families, but  also to turn away a group whose story is quintessentially American.  They fled violence and disease to come here. They worked hard and  raised families here. They followed our laws and subjected themselves  to rigorous screening and vetting. They deserve the opportunity to make  their own decision on whether to stay here or return to Liberia.    I can say with confidence that Rhode Island will feel their absence  if this Liberian community were forced to leave after contributing to  our communities for so long, and our country would be poorer for their  loss.   There are many examples I could discuss of how the Liberian community  has enriched our State, but I will name two: Lance Corporal Abraham  Tarwoe of the U.S. Marines and Providence Police Sergeant Maxwell  Dorley. Both came to Rhode Island from Liberia to start their own  chapters of the American dream. They both led exemplary lives and  endeavored to give back to their newfound homes through public service  in the form of military service and as a member of our local police  force in Providence. Both of them served with distinction, and our  State tragically lost both of them in the line of duty in 2012. They  are emblematic of the extraordinary contributions that Liberians have  made to my State, and no fulsome discussion of what Liberians have  meant to us is complete without mentioning both of these gentlemen by  name.   I strongly urge President Trump to do the right thing and extend DED  to Liberians living legally in the United States. I also urge my  colleagues to take up and pass the Liberian Refugee Immigration  Fairness Act and put an end to uncertainty for this population after  decades of displacement.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   