 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I am here to call on the Senate  leadership to bring up the Water Resources Development Act, or the WRDA  bill. It needs to come up soon for consideration because right now, in  Florida, we are facing a massive environmental and economic crisis, and  it is so sweeping that it brings up the memories of the 2010 Deepwater  Horizon oilspill, or the BP oilspill.   Right now, neon green slime is clogging the Caloosahatchee River on  the west coast, and the St. Lucie River on the east. I have been to  Stuart on the east coast. I have smelled the stench of toxic algae  choking the waterways. I have talked to mothers and grandparents who  are worried about exposing their children to the harmful toxins, and  they are concerned about this if they get anywhere near there. That is  why we wrote to the CDC, asking for healthcare guidance.   I have met with business owners who have literally had to close their  shops because of the algae. If they are fishing boat captains,  obviously, that is what happens. If it is a bait and tackle shop--you  get the picture. If the stench of algae is so bad in the location of a  shop--whatever its business--they still have to close. It is not right.  It is not fair for the hard-working fishing guides, the restaurant  employees, or anybody who has a business involving our beautiful  beaches. People enjoying the natural bounty are all being affected  through no fault of their own. That is on the east coast.   On the west coast of Florida, our white sand beaches aren't as  crowded with tourists, but with what? The rancid corpses of fish. This  is the pufferfish. This is on one of Southwest Florida's beaches. The  turtles are casualties from massive, noxious red tide. This event--a  bacteria that occasionally appears in the Gulf of Mexico has moved very  close to the shore this year. It has lasted for 10 months and counting.  Hotels and restaurants are half full. Boat captains are facing one  cancellation after another. Look at this. This is on a beach where 267  tons of dead fish and sea life have been removed from about 150 miles  of Florida's world-renowned beaches, and that is just this year alone.   These pictures are horrifying enough, but go there; it is even worse  in person. The local governments have spent a lot of money going out  and cleaning up the beaches. What has happened is absolutely  heartbreaking. I am a fifth-generation Floridian, and I have never seen  it this bad.   I have never seen our beautiful beaches covered like this. That is  why Senator Rubio and I are pushing so hard for the Water Resources  Development Act. It includes a critical project to address the algae by  providing additional water storage for Lake Okeechobee so that the Army  Corps doesn't have to discharge so much to the east and west.   It also, very importantly, authorizes a reservoir south of Lake  Okeechobee, along with stormwater treatment areas, which can help clean  up the water so that they can send the water into the reservoir that is  in the St. Lucie on the east. This reservoir is on the west, near  LaBelle. They can send the water there, store it, start to treat it,  and then let it go as the natural flow going south to the Everglades.  This project in the Water Resources Development Act is part of the  historic Everglades restoration effort that many of us have worked so  long and hard to advance. It is just one piece, but it is one that  absolutely cannot wait. If we don't act soon, I am afraid there will  not be much of an environment in South Florida left to save.   I urge the majority leader to schedule a vote on the WRDA bill as  soon as possible, and I urge my colleagues to support the Water  Resources Development Act when it comes to the floor of the Senate.   I yield the floor.   