 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is extraordinary where we find ourselves  today. We are on the verge of a cloture vote and possibly a  confirmation vote for Judge Kavanaugh to join the Supreme Court. At the  same time, we have credible allegations of sexual assault against a  nominee, and they are not just lingering; they are developing.   The FBI investigation that we hoped would be full and fair has turned  out to be neither after the Trump White House and Senate Republicans  appear to have successfully imposed so many restrictions as to render  it almost meaningless.   I am afraid that from the very beginning of this nomination, the  vetting of Judge Kavanaugh has never been a genuine effort to discover  the truth. Instead, at every turn, it has been a transparent and  partisan attempt to keep the American people in the dark about the  vulnerabilities of a controversial nominee who, if he is confirmed, is  going to shape our lives for a generation.   From start to finish, at every step, this has been a unilateral  effort by the Trump White House and Senate Republicans to protect their  nominee instead of protecting the American people or--I might say--to  protect the Supreme Court. They have been driven by the impulse to rush  and to conceal.   I want to commend my friends Senator Jeff Flake and Senator Chris  Coons for working together in good faith to demand more from this  process. An investigation into the serious allegations of sexual  misconduct by Judge Kavanaugh is the first step, but it should have  happened weeks ago.   Until now, such investigations have been routine any time new,  derogatory information surfaces about a nominee. Unfortunately, the  investigation completed over the last few days falls short of any  reasonable standard. I think it fell short by design.   We have already heard about many of its deficiencies from Dr. Ford,  Ms. Ramirez, and numerous other witness who attempted unsuccessfully-- attempted unsuccessfully--to share relevant information with the FBI.   The Senate Republican leadership and the Trump White House did  everything in their power to assure that this investigation was not a  search for truth but rather a search for cover.   A search for truth would have allowed the FBI to interview Dr. Ford's  husband and her therapist, both of whom have stated that Dr. Ford  mentioned Kavanaugh as her assaulter years ago.   A search for the truth would have allowed the FBI to interview  numerous high school and college classmates who have come forward  saying they could provide information about Judge Kavanaugh's conduct  during those years that was consistent with the allegations and which  contradict Judge Kavanaugh's sworn testimony.   A search for the truth would have allowed the FBI to interview a man  who wrote a sworn statement asserting that he could help corroborate  Ms. Ramirez's allegations or two women who contacted authorities with  evidence that Judge Kavanaugh tried to head off Ms. Ramirez's story  before it became public. That was an apparent contradiction--a total  contradiction--with his testimony before the Judiciary Committee. In  fact, a search for the truth would have allowed the FBI to at least  speak with Julia Swetnick, a third accuser. A search for the truth  would have allowed the FBI to speak with Mark Judge's ex-girlfriend,  who recalled that Mr. Judge told her ``ashamedly'' about a sexual  incident that eerily mirrors both Dr. Ford's and Ms. Swetnick's  allegations.    There is no mistake here: This investigation was rigged by the White  House and Senate Republicans.   Instead of calling on the FBI to take these basic investigatory  steps, inexplicably, the Republican-controlled Judiciary Committee has  solely tried to discredit these women. The committee released a  statement from a former acquaintance of Ms. Swetnick's.  [[Page S6519]]  This individual had no knowledge of the alleged incident but instead  salaciously described the alleged sexual interests of Ms. Swetnick's.  According to the National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic  Violence--one of the most nonpartisan and respected voices on Capitol  Hill--this shameless attempt to smear a victim violates the intent of  the rape shield law. And to add to it, Ms. Swetnick was never even  interviewed by the FBI. She was ignored. She was silenced. Then she was  shamed. It is outrageous, the way she was treated.   Republicans have also claimed that the other individuals Dr. Ford  identified at the gathering where she was assaulted have ``refuted''  her testimony. Well, that is just false. These individuals stated  publicly that they do not recall the event. As Dr. Ford told the  Judiciary Committee, that is not surprising, as ``it was a very  unremarkable party . . . because nothing remarkable happened to them  that evening.'' Yet one of these individuals has said publicly that she  believes Dr. Ford.   After reviewing the FBI's report this morning, within minutes,  Republican Senators claimed there is a lack of corroborating evidence  for any of these allegations. Despite the numerous restrictions they  placed on this investigation, that claim is simply not true. But a  predicate fact for developing thorough corroborating evidence is a  thorough investigation. That is basic. And this investigation false far  short. It is a disservice to Dr. Ford, Ms. Ramirez, and Ms. Swetnick. I  would go further to say that it is a disservice to survivors anywhere  in this country.   Dr. Ford's credible and compelling testimony captivated the Nation  and inspired survivors of sexual violence across the country. In a  moment that I will never forget, when I asked her for her strongest  memory, something from the incident she couldn't forget, she replied:  ``Indelible in the hippocampus is the laughter, the uproarious laughter  between the two'' as a teenage Brett Kavanaugh drunkenly pinned Dr.  Ford down to the bed and attempted to sexually assault her. I believe  what she said.   The reason that a thorough, independent investigation is so critical  is not because we need additional proof that Judge Kavanaugh was not  telling the truth about his high school drinking or the obvious  misogyny in his yearbook or whether he is ``Bart O'Kavanaugh'' who  passed out from drunkenness. All of us here know he wasn't telling the  truth in his testimony about that. The reason we needed a thorough  investigation is that these women have offered credible accusations,  and they have identified potential corroborating witnesses and  evidence, and the Senate needs to know all of the facts before it can  place the accused on the Nation's highest Court for a lifetime  appointment.   A thorough investigation is essential for another reason: We simply  cannot take Judge Kavanaugh at his word. On issues big and small,  anytime Judge Kavanaugh has been faced with questions that would place  him in the middle of controversy, he has shown he cannot be trusted to  tell the truth. Every single time he has testified before the Senate  over the years, he has misled and dissembled. He misled the Senate  about his role in a hacking scandal, in confirming controversial  judicial nominees, and in shaping the legal justifications for some of  the Bush administration's most extreme and now discredited policies.   His appearance before us last week was no different. He gave  testimony that veered into a tirade. He angrily dismissed Dr. Ford's  testimony as part of a smear campaign to ruin his name and sink his  nomination. His conspiratorial ramblings--attributing the allegations  to ``revenge on behalf of the Clintons''--were an insult to Dr. Ford,  and they are an insult to survivors of sexual violence across the  country. He evaded--as he always has when under oath--basic factual  questions, choosing instead to show his disdain for members of the  committee who had the audacity to ask him about his behavior during the  time of the allegations.   In my 44 years in the Senate, I have voted for more Republican- appointed judges than almost all serving Republican Senators. That  includes voting for Chief Justice Roberts. But I have never seen such a  partisan performance by a nominee of either party to the Supreme Court  or any other court. I have never seen a nominee so casually willing to  evade and deny the truth in the service of his own raw ambition.   If truth under oath means anything at all, Judge Kavanaugh has  disqualified himself over and over and over again. He has neither the  veracity nor the temperament for a lifetime appointment to the highest  Court in our Nation. The truth has an odd way of coming out, one way or  another. To avoid risking permanent damage to the integrity and  legitimacy of our Nation's highest Court, I urge Senators to join me in  voting no on Judge Kavanaugh's nomination.   Mr. President, I do not see anyone else seeking the floor, so I will  suggest the absence of a quorum.   