 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank both chairmen for their  leadership in this opportunity of bringing us all together.   I chose to be a member of the Agriculture Committee because this  committee has jurisdiction over some of the most critical issues facing  our community, that is food and nutrition.   Even back in Pennsylvania, one issue that has been central to my work  is ensuring that people in every neighborhood in Philadelphia, between  west Philadelphia and north Philadelphia, south Philadelphia, had  access to safe, healthy, and reasonably priced food.   In Philadelphia, 20 percent of our population is food insecure,  meaning one in five Philadelphians don't know where their next meal  will come from.   I am pleased to see that this bill maintains SNAP and does not weigh  down poor and hungry Pennsylvanians with onerous work rules.   But let's be clear: this is just a beginning. No child should go to  bed hungry. No parent should have to make the choice between putting  food on the table or keeping the lights on.   In times of peace and in times of war, our soldiers must always have  a food source in order to provide the necessary safety and security our  democracies depend on for survival.   As a member of the Agriculture Committee, I had the opportunity to  meet with members of the ag community at all levels, from farmers to  consumers. I have come to better understand the needs of Pennsylvania's  hardworking farmers and others in the broad agriculture community  through events such as the Pennsylvania Farm Show and the Ag Progress  Days.   And over time, through meetings with advocates, the Pennsylvania Farm  Bureau, The Food Trust, the National Young Farmers Coalition,  Philabundance, Central Pennsylvania Food Bank, and National Farmers  Union, I am happy to say that this bill does a lot of work for them.   In addition to SNAP, this bill addresses hunger by increasing funding  for everyone.   This bill also provides greater flexibility in coverage and tools for  Pennsylvania dairy farmers, investing in rural infrastructure, supports  research of 1890 land-grant universities, and maintains fundamental  conservation programs.   Food unites us. Food is medicine. Food is foreign policy. And I say  this: this bill is a starting point. We have to work together, and I  look forward to working on this bill to make it stronger.   Mr. Speaker, I thank both chairmen and I thank the staff for all  their collective work together.   Yes, we should vote a resounding ``yes.''   