 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business for up to 10 minutes.    Madam President, I rise to honor a member of my staff,  Jonathan Miller, who has dedicated his life to serving his country and  his State.   Not only does Jonathan serve the people of Ohio each day on our  staff, helping Ohio servicemembers and veterans, but he also wears the  uniform himself, first as a member of the National Guard and now as a  member of the Army Reserve. Earlier this month was his last day in the  office for a year as his unit is deploying to fight for our country.   Jonathan grew up in Macedonia, OH, and graduated from Nordonia High  School and Ohio University. In 2011, while working toward his master's  degree, he enlisted in the National Guard. Jon told me he enlisted, in  part, because he was ``inspired by the debate and repeal of Don't Ask,  Don't Tell and the stories of veterans in my family,'' like so many who  join the armed services because of patriotism, family values, and  family precedent.   He said: ``The Army seemed like the place for me to help my community  and my country and to experience new people, places, and ideas.''   Jonathan went through officer candidate school in 2013 and now serves  with the 300th Chemical Company, Army Reserve, out of Morgantown, WV.  He has worked in our office since 2015 and has impressed all of us with  his dedication to both of his jobs. In the Senate, he handles veterans  and military issues along with energy and environmental policy. He has  read, literally, thousands of letters from Ohio servicemembers and  veterans over the years and has always worked to make sure their views  and concerns have been heard and that our office has helped them  whenever we have been able to. He has often called the families  directly to follow up and listen to their stories.   In 2016, during a meeting with the Gold Star Wives of America, Jon  learned that education benefits for some spouses who had lost their  loved ones in the earliest days following 9/11 would expire before they  could make full use of this benefit their families had earned. He  immediately brought this issue to my attention, and we worked to  introduce the Military Spouses Achieving College Education for  Survivors Act. We passed this bipartisan legislation as part of a  larger veterans package that will directly affect veterans and their  families in my State, in Nebraska, and other States across the country.   Jonathan has played a critical role in ensuring that our military  installations in my State have the support they need to perform  critical national security missions--from the 180th in Toledo and the  910 in Youngstown, to Camp Ravenna, to the base in my hometown of  Mansfield, to Springfield, and of course to Wright-Patterson Air Force  Base. He often attends visiting Ohio Honor Flight ceremonies,  representing our office and supporting Ohio veterans who visit the  memorials that have been built in their honor.   His love for the outdoors and for Ohio has also shone through in his  work on issues like protecting the Great Lakes, including the Great  Lakes Restoration Initiative and in preserving the Cuyahoga Valley  National Park, which is near his childhood home.   I would add that Ohio is one of the lucky States east of the  Mississippi in that it is one of the few States that has a national  park, and it is not far from the population centers of Cleveland and  Akron. Even though the Trump administration tried to zero out--the way  we talk about it--or dramatically cut funding for the Great Lakes  Restoration Initiative, I and Senator Portman, a Republican, worked  together to restore that funding.   We know keeping Lake Erie clean is an ongoing challenge. Right off  the city of Toledo, Lake Erie is only 30 feet deep, contrasted with  Lake Superior, which is 600 feet deep, on the average. That means,  whether it is Ashtabula and Cleveland in Lake County to the east or it  is Toledo to the west, Lake Erie is much more vulnerable to pollutants  than are the other Great Lakes. This is why the work Jonathan does is  so important in keeping that Great Lake clean.   At the end of the week, while others might look forward to a relaxing  weekend with family and friends, so often, Jonathan heads out for drill  with his unit. He used to drive from Washington to Illinois and, later,  to West Virginia for the weekend as part of his service. Now his unit  is deploying. While we will miss his expertise, his enthusiasm, and his  unique perspective in this office this year, we are also so grateful  for his service to Ohio and to our country.   One final note, before his deployment, last month, Jon got engaged to  his partner Kevin. Jon and Kevin will join so many of Ohio's military  families who understand the unique challenges of having a family member  serving far from home.   One of the things that is so important that we as Members of the  Senate must do is recognize the service of our men and women in  uniform. We should also recognize the importance of the service and  sacrifice of those family members who are left behind and who often  live in the margins financially.   On behalf of my whole office, we congratulate Jon and Kevin on their  engagement. We wish Jon well on his tour overseas, and we thank him for  his sacrifice and his service.   