 Mr. President, later today we are going to have an  opportunity to vote on the Opioid Crisis Response Act. I want to take  some time to compliment all involved in bringing this legislation  forward.   First, let me start by acknowledging the problem in Maryland. The  problem we have in Maryland is throughout our entire country.   Recently, I was at the MedMark Treatment Center in Baltimore City,  and I had a chance to see firsthand the efforts being made by the local  community, by the private sector, and by the government to deal with  those who have addiction issues as a result of the opioid crisis. I  must tell you, they are making progress, but the problem continues. The  problem continues in every community in Maryland.   I have had similar roundtable discussions in western Maryland, on the  Eastern Shore, in the Baltimore and Washington metro areas, and in all  [[Page S6460]]  parts of Maryland. In every community, they tell me that the crisis of  overdose is still increasing, despite efforts made by local communities  to try to deal with the addiction issue on many fronts--on the front of  law enforcement, looking at different ways of dealing with pain  medicines, and looking at ways to deal with people with addiction  issues.   As we know, with the widespread use of addictive opioids, they hit  the market, and people became addicted to the prescription opioid  medicines that were not used for their proper purposes. Later, they  used heroin, which was cheaper than the opioid medicines, and people  became addicted to that. More recently, heroin has been mixed with  fentanyl, which can be very deadly and is much more powerful than  heroin or prescription opioids, and people end up in the emergency  room. In many cases, they end up dead.   Congress has responded. We passed the 21st Century Cures Act, which  was a bipartisan bill that set up a framework and alternative ways of  dealing with pain rather than using addictive opioids and dealt with  providing significant resources to local governments to deal with the  issues in law enforcement, in prevention, and in treating people with  addictions.   Of course, the passage of the Affordable Care Act provided healthcare  coverage for people with behavioral health issues and addiction, which  helped not only those in the exchanges on private insurance but also  those in the Medicaid system. So we have done a good job in trying to  respond to it.   Now we have the legislation before us: the Opioid Crisis Response  Act. I am very pleased about the provisions. Many committees have  provided input. It is a truly bipartisan product reflecting the will of  the House and the Senate and the different committees of jurisdiction.   I am particularly pleased that we have provided additional resources  and flexibility for local communities. The one thing I learned in  visiting different parts of Maryland is that programs in some  communities will work, and in other communities, these programs will  not work. So we need to look at what works for each community involved.   The legislation before us reauthorizes and improves the State Opioid  Targeted Response Grants in the 21st Century Cures Act. In my State of  Maryland, we received $20 million under that act in fiscal year 2017. I  have been encouraged by the Governor, the mayor of Baltimore, and other  local officials who support that reauthorization improvement. They know  it will help them deal with the problems.   Let me tell you what the additional flexibility means for people in  Maryland. In both Baltimore City and the Upper Shore, local governments  are looking at establishing what is known as a stabilization center. A  stabilization center will serve as a safe place for those under the  influence of drugs or alcohol to sober up and be connected to an  appropriate setting, where they can get the help they need and the  treatment they need for recovery. The problem with our emergency rooms  is that many times people who have OD'd, once they are brought back,  can become very disruptive, and they can adversely affect the  healthcare in the emergency room settings for other people who are  there for other purposes. In addition, they can't always get the  services they need, particularly in the middle of the night, to deal  with their addiction problems. The stabilization center is set up to  deal with those issues and connect people to proper medical care and  behavioral health and social services.   The problem is there is no funding for stabilization centers.  Fortunately, under this legislation, flexibility is given in regard to  the grant program for Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Centers, under the  Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration--SAMHSA-- where local governments and community organizations can apply for funds  to deal with these innovative approaches dealing with the addiction  issue. I was pleased that it was a recommendation I had made and it was  incorporated into the final legislation.    Another popular type of program in my communities is peer support. We  find that people who have gone through addiction recovery are much more  effective in reaching out to those who have an addiction need today and  can provide the type of support they need to stay with treatment. The  problem is that not all State Medicaid programs cover peer support  services, certainly not in Maryland. So I was pleased that this  legislation includes an amendment I offered that will get GAO to study  State Medicaid programs that currently reimburse for peer support  services and how those programs save money and improve outcomes for  beneficiaries.   I am also pleased that we remove restrictions on Medicaid  reimbursement for inpatient treatment of substance use disorders. We  give flexibility to IMDs by removing the cap on the number of beds,  which can help us, again, deal with the needs in different communities  around our Nation. I worked with other Members of the Senate to get  that included in the final bill that we will be voting on later today.   We also provided enhanced reimbursement for medication assistance  treatment in the Medicare system. That is an issue I came forward with  in this legislation, and I am pleased it was included.   The legislation also provides reimbursement for Medicaid health homes  that focus on individuals with substance use disorder. Further, this  legislation provides flexibility to deal with addiction issues through  telehealth. Many of us have worked on telehealth issues, and this  legislation expands the use of telehealth services for Medicare  beneficiaries with substance use disorders.   The bottom line is I was pleased to work with colleagues on both  sides of the aisle in order to provide the flexibility for local  governments and local communities to do what they need to do in order  to deal with this crisis and, at the same time, provide Federal  Government partnership and resources that can really make a difference.   We do more than just deal with the treatment issues. We deal with law  enforcement, and I am pleased that is in the bill. Our Governor had  asked that we deal with the challenges of fentanyl shipments coming  through international mail into this country; that issue is dealt with  in this legislation, and I was pleased to be part of that.   I am also pleased that we are providing first responders with  protective equipment and training to deal with fentanyl. Many of our  first responders are being accidentally exposed to fentanyl as they  respond to an OD episode, and I am pleased there is help in this  legislation to deal with that. I am particularly proud about that  because Smiths Detection, which is located in my State, is providing  the technology to help our first responders.   Maryland is a high-intensity drug-trafficking area designation. This  bill reauthorizes many important programs to deal with the current  opioid crisis, and there are moneys in this to support drug courts and  task forces. All of this will help people in Maryland and across our  Nation.   The legislation also deals with workforce and student loan  forgiveness for those who go into this field. That is something that is  welcome and needed.   Lastly, the bill deals with housing. Housing is a significant  challenge for those who have addiction needs. This legislation will  allow us to support innovative programs under Medicaid to deal with  housing in conjunction with the opioid crisis.   I am proud we were able to work together in committees on both sides  of the aisle, in both Chambers, and I look forward to the passage of  this legislation later today.   I yield the floor.   