 Mr. Speaker, ask anyone who lives in or near communities  with waste coal piles from abandoned mines and they will tell you that  they can be a significant environmental hazard. They can leak acidic  water into rivers and streams. They can sometimes catch fire, burn  uncontrollably for months and result in both damage and heavy  emissions. And they can be an economic drag on any community that has  to deal with them.   The good news is that a process exists that can take this byproduct  and use it to produce electricity. The result of that process is an  environmentally-safe ash that can be used to remediate the land from  which the waste coal was taken. It has worked well, and there are  numerous examples of contaminated lands and streams being restored  because of these coal refuse-to-energy plants.   Given the substantial environmental benefits of coal refuse-to-energy  plants, I believe we have an obligation to work to keep them open. That  is why I urge support for H.R. 1119, the SENSE Act.   Unfortunately, these plants are at risk of being tripped up by EPA  regulations aimed at conventional coal-fired power plants.  Specifically, EPA's Mercury and Air Toxics standards did not  distinguish between conventional coal-fired plants and these coal  refuse-to-energy plants that operate very differently. The EPA's  standard as written for one of the targeted compounds, hydrogen  chloride, or HCL, would be difficult for these facilities to  consistently meet.   The bill before us today, H.R. 1119, the SENSE Act, addresses these  concerns and provides an alternative compliance mechanism for HCL that  still requires substantial emissions reductions, but one that is  achievable for these facilities.   By finding a use for potentially dangerous and damaging coal refuse  piles, coal refuse-to-energy plants provide affordable energy and a  tremendous environmental benefit. The SENSE Act is commonsense, and I  urge my colleagues to support this bill that benefits both consumers  and the environment.   