 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. Pallone for yielding,  and for his great work on this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of provisions in this package  reauthorizing and reforming the Office of National Drug Control Policy  to improve coordination of our national response to the drug crisis.   At my request, the bill creates a demand reduction coordinator  position, parallel to the existing interdiction coordinator, to  strengthen demand reduction initiatives, including efforts to expand  treatment.   Among other critical reforms, this legislation also requires ONDCP to  report whether drug control program agency budgets are adequate to  achieve the goals of the National Drug Control Strategy. It requires  the compilation of essential data on overdoses, deaths, and  interdiction in a data dashboard, so the American people have a clear,  accessible picture of the effectiveness of efforts to combat the drug  crisis.   I thank Chairman Gowdy, Chairman Meadows, and Vice Ranking Member  Connolly for working with me to develop legislation that will reform  ONDCP. I thank Chairman Grassley, Ranking Member Feinstein, and Senator  Cornyn for their leadership.   Let me also give special thanks to the committee staff and, I must  say, to the majority and the minority staff. They did a phenomenal job  working hard in conference and throughout this effort. Without their  extraordinary efforts, this legislation would not be in this package  today.   Mr. Speaker, I close with a simple warning. There are a lot of people  suffering. Almost 198 people die a day--a day. Those are the people who  are dying, but there are a lot of people in the pipeline who are in so  much pain, they don't even know they are in pain.   So while the provisions of H.R. 6 are important, without  significantly expanding access to treatment and wraparound services  through long-term, sustained funding, we continue to nibble at the  edges of our national crisis, and the crisis will continue to worsen.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   