 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Capito). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Madam President, I wish to speak about some issues  relating to the spending bill and things that happened in Louisiana.   Louisiana had two catastrophic floods in 2016 that affected not just  our State but also Texas and Mississippi, with over 100,000 disaster  victims who became eligible for SBA--Small Business Administration-- disaster assistance loans.   Here is one picture. Oh my gosh. Here is the window. The water is as  high inside the patio area as outside, and the woman has a face of  despair.   Here is another picture, which shows a family being evacuated in a  boat. Obviously, it is a neighborhood with stop signs and nice trees  and streetlights, and they are being evacuated. We can imagine what  their family home looked like.   Fifty-six of Louisiana's sixty-four parishes had Federal disaster  declarations. The August storm alone caused an estimated $10 billion in  damage to private property, which, apart from hurricanes, made it the  most expensive U.S. disaster in the last 100 years.   The most devastating thing was how little time people had to react.  The storm was missing key cyclone characteristics, so the National  Hurricane Center had no expectation of how devastating the storm would  be, and the first parishes hit by the flooding had no time to evacuate  or prepare.   Many families who were impacted by the great floods of 2016 in  Louisiana lived outside what are called special flood hazard zones and  were not required to and did not carry flood insurance. Indeed, about  80 percent of flooded homes did not have flood insurance.  [[Page S816]]    Last year, I worked with the Louisiana delegation to obtain about $2  billion in community development block grants to help cover portions of  those uninsured losses for Louisiana families and small businesses. We  also got about $500 million in disaster tax relief to help with the  uncompensated disaster losses. But with CDBG--community development  block grant--funding, which is distributed through the Restore  Louisiana Homeowner Assistance Program, it is arcane--there is  something which is an arcane and arbitrary rule called duplication of  benefits. The duplication of benefits rule states that if an individual  is eligible for and received a loan from the Small Business  Administration, that individual is ineligible for a grant from the  Restore Louisiana Homeowner Assistance Program. The rule makes no  sense. An individual who did the right thing and drew upon all  available resources to rebuild their home and begin to put their life  back together is denied relief.   Language that fixed this issue was included in the disaster  supplemental passed by the House last year. The Senate was prepared to  consider this in December, but the legislation was delayed--frankly,  held hostage--by the minority party using it to gain leverage to get  more government spending as part of the budget negotiations we are now  in.   Now that this disaster supplemental has been rolled into the budget  negotiations, we saw that the provision to fix the duplication of  benefits issue was added, but it only covered Texas, Florida, and  Puerto Rico. So I worked with my fellow Louisiana Senator, Mr. Kennedy,  and members of the Appropriations Committee to make sure Louisiana is  treated the same as Texas and other States. Now this provision applies  to individuals who were eligible to receive an SBA loan but did not  take out a loan. What does this mean?   According to the SBA, 100,000 homeowners were eligible to apply for  an SBA loan from the March and August 2016 floods; 38,000 applications  were received, and 18,000 were approved.   As I am told, if you are eligible but don't take out the loan, you  don't qualify for the Restore Louisiana grant. Again, I am told that if  you are eligible but did not take the loan from the SBA, then you are  not eligible then to receive the Restore Louisiana grant because of the  duplication of benefits rule. There are roughly 82,000 homeowners who  could potentially be eligible to receive relief from repealing or  altering this duplication of benefits rule.   Now, there is some confusion in my State. I want to be clear. This  does apply to the $2 billion CDBG grants the Louisiana delegation  secured to help families recover from the 2016 floods in Louisiana.   Senator Kennedy and I also helped secure additional Army Corps  resources to fully fund the Comite River Diversion, a diversion that  takes floodwaters from the Comite River into the Mississippi and would  have helped prevent many homes from being flooded--probably the homes  these folks are being evacuated from--in the great flood of 2016.   We also secured $12 billion in mitigation grants specifically for  Louisiana and about five other States, which is much more targeted for  disaster States than the House bill. Again, the Senate bill is the same  number of dollars but for fewer States, therefore, more targeted than  in the House bill.   So the disaster relief portion of this legislation has taken some  steps in the right direction. However, we still need additional  clarification around duplication of benefits issues and legacy FEMA  appeals matters.   I thank my Senate colleague from Louisiana for his work on this and  hope to receive further commitments from the Appropriations Committee  to continue to work on these important disaster recovery issues.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   Mr. McCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   Mr. McCONNELL. Madam President, here we are at a quarter to 6.  Funding for the government expires in just a few hours. A bipartisan  agreement before us funds our troops at the level requested by the  Pentagon. It addresses the opioid crisis, which is extremely big in the  Commonwealth of Kentucky and around the country. It funds our veterans  and many other shared priorities. The Speaker of the House supports the  bill. He is waiting for it to pass the Senate. The President of the  United States supports the bill and is waiting to sign it into law.   I understand my friend and colleague from Kentucky does not join with  the President in supporting the bill. It is his right, of course, to  vote against the bill, but I would argue that it is time to vote.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader.   