 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  I may hereafter be considered the primary sponsor of H.R. 548, a bill  originally introduced by Representative Dent of Pennsylvania, for the  purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to  clause 7 of rule XII.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, who  has been a longstanding and committed champion of life.   Mr. Speaker, last Thursday, the Trump administration proposed cutting  title X funding for organizations like Planned Parenthood that perform  abortions. Now, the proposed rule does not cut funds from the title X  family planning program. Instead, the funds  [[Page H4273]]  are directed to community health centers like The Primary Health  Network in Sharon, Pennsylvania. Countrywide, there are 20 times more  community health centers than Planned Parenthoods. In fact, there are  absolutely no Planned Parenthood offices in my district, but there are  37 federally funded health centers. Planned Parenthood receives $56  million a year in taxpayer dollars through title X.   One of the things I wanted to just talk about for a minute, if I can,  today we again grieve at the loss of innocent life, and I just would  ask people to look at the loss of innocent life that we see every day  in the United States. There are approximately 3,000 abortions performed  daily in the United States.   So as we grieve so much for the loss of innocent life, I think  sometimes we forget about all of the other life that is being lost and  we kind of push that aside because we say: The Supreme Court made a  ruling that allows that to take place. Regardless, it still is a loss  of innocent life, and we see this every day, but somehow as a nation,  we have a deaf ear and a blind eye to that loss of innocent life.   To me, it just would seem that at some point we look at this and  realize it for what it is. I can't tell the other gentleman how much I  appreciate the battle that he has continued, and it shouldn't be a  battle. We are all trying to do the same thing, and it is to make sure  that innocent life is protected.   So this piece, it doesn't take any money at all away from the title X  family planning program. It does take a look at Planned Parenthood and  says, you cannot use this taxpayer-funded money, this $56 million to  $60 million a year to provide abortions. I would just ask the country  as a whole, and the Nation, and we, as a people, to please take a look  at what is going on.   This loss of innocent life is so tragic and so unnecessary, and I say  that because I know a lot of the pregnancies are unintended, but there  are loving families waiting for children who are there, who are  willing, and who are wanting to provide a loving home for children.   So I would like to see if we can somehow come to an agreement or come  to an understanding about what is being lost every day--3,000 innocent  lives a day.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate what the gentleman is doing. I know how  hard it has been. It is so hard for some people to weigh in on it, but  I just think there is a conscience that we all need to have, and  preserving life is one of those.   