 Thank you, Mr. President.   We are here at a critical time for our democracy because our country  is under attack. In fact, we are here because Russia is attacking our  democracy as part of a campaign of informational warfare. That term is  not mine; it is Russia's. It is quoted in an indictment that was handed  down by the special counsel less than a month ago against 13  individuals and 3 entities. That document is absolutely stunning. It is  chilling in its detail and breadth and in its revelations about the  apparatus and personnel, the skills and expertise that Russia  methodically and relentlessly brought to bear in the 2016 election, in  its attack on our democracy.   That attack began in 2014. It was not a few hackers in the basement  of some Moscow apartment; it was literally thousands of people, divided  into different departments with different skills, pursuing  disinformation, cyber attack, misinformation, and propaganda directed  at undermining our democracy and, in fact, our election.   Let's remember, constitutionally, elections are foundational to our  democracy, and Russia sought not just to sow discord and dissension but  to affect the outcome. According to the indictment, its effort to  affect the outcome was to assist then-Candidate Donald Trump and to  disparage and damage Hillary Clinton. We will never know how much it  affected the outcome, but it certainly impacted the views and the votes  of some people in the United States of America.   That attack is now continuing. Our intelligence community is  unanimous in the view that Russia interfered in our last election and  that this effort is continuing. Indeed, all of the intelligence  community that has come before the Armed Services Committee in the last  2 weeks has been unanimous that Russia is continuing its attack.   In his testimony, Admiral Rogers is very clear that they will  continue that attack because they are paying no price for it. The cost  to them is minimal, if any, and the benefit is highly asymmetrical. In  other words, they pay very, very little to undermine our democracy, and  they see a lot of return. That is because this country is doing little  or nothing--or I should say more accurately that this administration is  doing absolutely nothing to make Russia pay a price. In effect, that is  the testimony from representatives of the intelligence community,  including, most recently today, the Director of National Intelligence,  Dan Coats, and GEN Robert Ashley.   When I asked what was being done to deter, counter, or retaliate  against the Russians, Director Coats said, in effect, that it is  everyone's responsibility, which means, in effect, it is no one's  responsibility; that it was the whole of government responding, which  means no single agency, and there is no plan and no action underway.  There is at most perhaps some kind of study of what should be done.   But the denial of meddling is really the reason why nothing has been  done and why no action is underway, and that denial comes from one  person--the President of the United States. He has refused to  acknowledge that the Russians interfered on the scale and scope that  they did, and that denial or refusal to acknowledge is itself a  tremendous boon to the Russians continuing to attack our democracy.   As recently as this afternoon, at his press conference with the  Swedish Prime Minister, the President said, in effect, that perhaps  Russia might have meddled, other countries might have meddled, and  other individuals might have meddled, but he has refused to acknowledge  the extent and the depth and breadth of past and continuing Russian  interference in our democracy.   Make no mistake--others of us on both sides of the aisle have said  that the Russians will escalate in the sophistication of their attacks,  in the depth of their interference, in the types of tools used through  cyber and social media and platforms that are now being developed. They  will use American voices. There will no longer be the broken English,  no longer be the payment in rubles. They will become ever-more astute  and adroit in their attack on our democracy.   So the question is, Why? Why has the President declined to  acknowledge this attack--a continuing assault on our democratic  institutions, particularly on our elections, which are foundational to  our democracy? Some have put it this way: What do the Russians have on  him? But my view is that we need to look back at the knowledge that the  Trump campaign had of that attack in 2016 as it was proceeding.   To take one example, the stolen or hacked emails. Clearly, Trump  campaign contacts with WikiLeaks and Russia show that the campaign knew  about those stolen or hacked emails, which were then used to attack the  Clinton campaign. If those members of the Trump campaign knew about  it--those in responsible positions--the question is, How could the  President not have known?  [[Page S1370]]    In April of 2016, George Papadopoulous, a member of the Trump foreign  policy team for at least a substantial period of time, was eager to  communicate with senior staff of the Trump campaign that he knew the  Russians had hacked emails and that those emails could help the Trump  campaign. He was anxious to ingratiate himself with his connections to  make himself more valuable in their eyes. So he boasted, in effect,  about his contacts with Russians and with Russian officials.  Papadopoulous was already working overtime to ingratiate himself with  the Trump campaign leadership, and he certainly was not likely to keep  valuable information about stolen emails possessed by the Russians to  himself.   Remember, when the Trump campaign--specifically Donald Trump, Jr.-- was offered dirt on Hillary Clinton, he replied: ``I love it.'' From  everything we know about Donald Trump, Jr.'s relationship to his  father, he is unlikely to have kept that information to himself.   George Papadopoulous is one of several Trump associates who seemed to  know that Russia was trying to help the Trump campaign win the 2016  election. Donald Trump, Jr., again, was in contact with WikiLeaks  beginning in September of 2016, and we know this communication  continued at least through July of 2017. We know that Donald Trump,  Jr., turned over these messages to investigators. When Trump, Jr.,  received the first message from WikiLeaks, he emailed other senior  officers within the Trump campaign. Those officers included Steve  Bannon, Kellyanne Conway, Brad Parscale, and Trump's son-in-law, Jared  Kushner. How could that information and other similar communications  not have been transmitted to Donald Trump himself?   Donald Trump, Jr., received an email in which Rob Goldstone offered  to provide the Trump campaign with some official documents from Russia  that would supposedly incriminate Hillary Clinton. We know now that  Donald Trump, Jr., jumped at the chance to receive this information,  responding with the famous: ``If it's what you say, I love it.'' That,  then, led to the meeting involving Trump, Jr., Jared Kushner, and Paul  Manafort at Trump Tower.   There is more here that raises the likelihood of collusion. There is  a credible case of obstruction of justice against the President of the  United States. There is a solid factual basis to believe that the Trump  campaign not only knew but encouraged and cooperated and even colluded  with the Russians in this effort. If motive is necessary for the Trump  campaign to have done this kind of collusion--certainly it is in the  prospect of impacting the outcome. If motive is necessary for President  Trump now refusing to acknowledge Russian meddling during the election  campaign and now continuing meddling, it is collusion as well.   So we are in a dangerous time because, in fact, Russia will continue  to interfere and undermine our democracy if it pays no price for it.  The only way to make sure Russia will pay a price to counter, deter, or  retaliate is for the President of the United States to demonstrate  leadership and to put aside whatever concern about legitimacy there may  be. No one is relitigating the 2016 election as to what the outcome  was, in fact. We have a President in office, but that President now  must act to protect our democracy and our elections going forward from  this day into the future.   Thank you.   I yield the floor to my distinguished colleague from Illinois.   