 Mr. President, late last night this body voted on the  fourth short-term continuing resolution for fiscal year 2018. That  means we are already into this by 3 or 4 months. I voted for the  continuing resolution last night because I refuse to support a  government shutdown in any way, shape, or form, but it doesn't mean I  believe this should be the way this Congress works.   To my good friend from Alaska and all of the good people here, I  consider everyone in this body my friend. To the blame game, I got here  in November 2010. The Democrats were the majority at that time, and I  wondered why we weren't voting. I didn't understand the process. As I  started learning the process, I kept wondering, why aren't we voting?  There were filibusters and cloture and we couldn't get things done.   I am not here to say who is at fault. I know when you are in the  majority, you are in a leadership position, and you are supposed to  lead. We expect leadership to lead. Leadership has to make sacrifices  sometime to find a pathway forward. Both sides are guilty of not doing  that as well as it should be done.   We are in a government shutdown. It should never happen. Three  hundred million people shouldn't be penalized for the dysfunction of  this body. As Democrats and Republicans, I would hope we would be  Americans first.   I don't think of my Democratic Party before I think of what is good  for the country or what is good for the State of West Virginia. I have  my Democratic principles I believe in. As a West Virginia Democrat,  perhaps they are a little different than maybe a Washington Democrat,  and I have my Republican friends in West Virginia who believe a little  differently than Washington Republicans. At the end of the day, we  always try to do what is right for the State of West Virginia and, most  importantly, what is right for the country.   We are not going to let our troops down. There is no way, shape, or  form. You have to be accountable and responsible. In all the things we  are doing, I can't fathom how we have allowed so much power in two  people's hands--both leaders of our respective caucuses--where it seems  any negotiations are only done between two people. The only  negotiations are with the staff of those two people, and we are  supposed to, as a body, blindly go along. As you know, I don't do that  all the time. My votes are pretty independent, and they will be. I  always said if I can go home to West Virginia and I can explain what I  am voting for and why I did it, whether they would agree or not, if I  can explain it, I can vote for it. If I can't look a West Virginian in  the eye and explain my vote, I made it for political reasons for myself  or for somebody else but not for my State. I am not going to do that.   For us to go beyond tomorrow would absolutely be a travesty. If we  can't open this government back up and work through our differences, it  would be a travesty. If we allow this country to suffer starting Monday  morning--when everybody should be at work, everybody should be paid for  the work they are doing for our great country to keep it safe, our  military, and everybody down that line--then shame on all of us.   I believe we can. I believe the majority leader is going to find a  pathway forward, and he will be able to lead and accept what the  minority, the Democratic Party, is saying. We can adjust and make some  adjustments here. We need some votes on this. We would like to be able  to proceed further, and we want to make sure we can come to an  agreement that gives us a long-term solution, not every month it is  coming back to us. That means getting a pathway forward. I truly  believe in my heart that can be done, and it will be done.   I have, in my State of West Virginia, 20,000-plus children depending  on the CHIP program for their healthcare, and I know the Presiding  Officer does too. We all do. We want to take care of that.   We have our military, and we want our military to be funded properly  so they can defend us. We need to make sure they have all the necessary  equipment and armaments and all the technology they are going to need  to be safe themselves. For us to divide ourselves between Democrats and  Republicans about who supports the military more or less is wrong. It  is the one thing that keeps us bipartisan. It is the one cohesive thing  we have in this Senate is our military and our love of our veterans and  the work of our military, what they are doing and what they have done  for us. I have never found a Democrat or Republican who wouldn't rally  behind a veteran or help the military to be as safe as they can. So  that should be taken off the table. No one is against the military.   Every time we pass another short-term funding bill, we put our  national security at risk. We talked about that. We stall critical  projects for our economy and our citizens. The CR means we are  stagnant. We can't plan, we have no long projection that we can take  care of. It basically gets us from one day to the next. If the CR is  for 30 days, it gives you 30 days. If it is 3 days, it gets us 3 days.  Somebody has to move the needle forward to make sure we can run in a  consistent way. We need a 12-month budget. We need the 12  appropriations bills the Senator from Alaska spoke about. We need those  to be taken up and leadership must lead and make that happen. During  the shutdown, government agencies and services will close. The people  we are supposed to serve are going to suffer, and that is just wrong.   The Department of Defense--we have talked about that on both sides of  the aisle--will not be able to pay death gratuities to families. Think  about that. We will not be able to pay the death gratuities to families  of servicemembers killed in combat without additional legislation from  Congress. With this dysfunctional shutdown, where we can't operate,  that is not going to happen. Everyone wants to use something as a wedge  and something they can hold against each other, and then they figure  out what they can do with it: Well, I am for this or I want to take  care of the death benefits. That is the least we can do, but so-and-so  doesn't want to do it. That is not right. I can't fix it that way. That  doesn't repair it.   Yesterday, during negotiations, while government agencies were  preparing for a shutdown, I spoke to my good friend Ken Fisher. I don't  know if you know about the Fisher House. You may have heard of them.  They are all over the country taking care of our military families.  When there is someone wounded anywhere in the world, if someone needs-- if a family needs a place to stay, it is similar to the Ronald McDonald  House that helps families in need when they want to go visit, and they  can't afford these types of trips. They take care of that. Ken Fisher  and his family and his foundation have always been there for them. Ken  Fisher is making sure there is no funding gap during the time of  unfathomable loss.   Can you imagine, here is an individual, a private individual, a  philanthropist, the Fisher House, they are agreeing to offer the  families an advanced grant until the government can make reimbursements  at the appropriate time. They will also cover the flights and hotels  and incidentals for the family for this period of time. Here is an  individual, an American, willing to say: Listen, we are going to put  our family money up in support of our military families who have lost a  loved one defending our country, making sure they are able to travel to  be with that body of the deceased, being able to give them comfort.  Knowing we are so dysfunctional right now that we can't make that  happen, to have a private individual step up and do that for us is  unbelievable.   You talk about the love and pride of an American putting their  country first. Ken Fisher and his family have put their money where  their mouth is. They put their money where they believe what is good  about this country, what makes us better than anyplace in the world.  Ken and his family and the Fisher House stepped up to help our soldiers  and their families during a time of need and especially during this  senseless shutdown.   As I said before, this shutdown shouldn't go anymore than tomorrow.  Tomorrow it should come to an end. This truly unacceptable silliness  that we go through should stop.   We have important work to do, including ensuring the military is  [[Page S382]]  equipped to protect our country, fighting the opioid epidemic, keeping  our promise to our coal miners and their pensions. We have pension  plans they are going to lose by 2022. The average pension a miner gets,  you would think is, what, an exorbitant amount? It is $586, the average  pension. That is all we are asking for. Most of them are widows  collecting these pensions to keep their homes opened up, to be able to  take care of themselves. We need to help there. The Children's Health  Insurance Program, the CHIP program--there are 20,000 West Virginians  and 9 million Americans who must be taken care of.   Funding the government is one of our most basic constitutional  obligations, and now because of partisan politics--and everybody in  this room is guilty--100, guilty as charged who are not able to sit  down and do their job, not able to work through our differences, not  able to put your country before yourself and your politics, only  thinking of what might benefit you or the party to which you belong, as  if that is the only oath and alliance and allegiance you owe.   That is not who I am and not whom I am going to be. I am going to do  whatever I can to keep this government open and get it back open. This  is dangerous to our national security, and it is truly embarrassing. I  want to apologize to every citizen in West Virginia and every citizen  across this country. We are better than this, and I am ashamed we  haven't been able to show the true spirit of who we are and whom we  should be and why you sent us here to do our job. I will continue to  fight to make America what it should be and what it is, the promise of  the world, the hope of the world. There are people all over the world  thinking we can be better than what we are. Let's show them. Let's do  our job.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Young). The Senator from Delaware.   