 Mr. President, I would like to thank the senior Senator  from  [[Page S7116]]  Utah who is retiring at the end of this session of Congress.   Senator Hatch has faithfully served the public for 40 years in the  U.S. Senate, constantly using the interface of public policy and the  free market to find the best outcome for the American citizen.   If the responsibility of Congress is to pass legislation that  improves the lives of Americans, Senator Hatch has met this  responsibility. As two examples, when I was a doctor--before entering  politics--treating patients, Senator Hatch helped me take better care  of my patients. Let me give these examples: The Hatch-Waxman Act  leveraged the free market to increase the availability of generic  drugs, which means more affordable medicines. The second example I will  give is the 1997 Balanced Budget Act, creating the Children's Health  Insurance Program, also known as CHIP, which gave greater access to  healthcare for Americans in need. That benefited me as a doctor taking  care of my patients. As a Senator, it was an honor to work with him  this past year to reauthorize the CHIP program and to continue efforts  to make prescription drugs more affordable.   On a personal note, shortly after joining the Finance Committee,  Chairman Hatch sent me a letter welcoming me to the committee and  making his office available to help in any way his office could.   If there is a defining characteristic of Senator Hatch, it is that he  listens. Whether it is to fellow Senators, the people of Utah, or the  people of the United States, Senator Hatch listens and works to find a  mutually beneficial outcome.   This happened when the Federal Government came after the Volks  construction company in Prairieville, LA, for a record violation  occurring well beyond the government's legal authority. The District of  Columbia Circuit Court of Appeals stepped in and unanimously ruled to  stop the government overreach, but the Obama administration issued a  rule to permit the practice, despite the DC Circuit Court ruling.  Knowing this was an important issue for companies in my State, as well  as in the rest of the country, Chairman Hatch worked with me to lead  legislation to permanently protect businesses from this kind of  government abuse of power--again, using the free market or protecting  the free market from government abuse.   Another example I will give is during tax reform, when Senator Hatch  listened to colleagues' concerns and ideas about how to improve the Tax  Cuts and Jobs Act to give our companies the tools to succeed. The final  product was better for it. He worked with me to strengthen and preserve  the historic tax credit, which is instrumental in over 780 restoration  projects in Louisiana. When you go to New Orleans and see all of these  old buildings now shining once again in glory, they were probably  helped by the historic tax credit, leveraging $2.5 billion in private  investment, creating over 38,000 jobs in Louisiana alone. This is again  marrying, if you will, the free market with public policy.   The last issue I will mention, of the many I could, is the following:  Since first elected, Senator Hatch has worked to help Americans in  their retirement years by increasing access to various types of  retirement savings plans to ensure that the widest range of people save  for their future. His legislation gave businesses, particularly smaller  businesses, the tools needed to offer retirement plans to workers at  the lowest possible cost, leveraging the interface of government policy  with the market to improve the lives of many in their retirement.   In his tenure, he pushed for sound solutions to the pension issues  facing State and local governments. Again, using the interface between  government policy and the market to lower the cost of medications. To  increase access to healthcare, he promoted the use of sound policy to  allow the American economy to thrive. It is this work that those of us  who remain in Congress must now pick up and continue.   Scripture says that ``the greatest among you shall be your servant.''  We have been blessed to have had Senator Hatch's wisdom and leadership  in the Senate. We have been blessed to have had his wisdom and  leadership for our country, and we thank him for his great service to  the people of Utah, to the people of Louisiana, and to all Americans.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   