 Mr. President, this Senator came to talk about trade, and  I am going to do that, but I think what we have is an example of  extremes in politics that is on display before us.   I think, on the one hand, political points are trying to be scored  about the abolition of certain law enforcement organizations. On the  other hand, there are the political points that a government,  especially our government, should not have a policy of separating  children from their parents, unless the parents have committed a crime  and need to be incarcerated for the purpose of that crime.   Here we have the extremes again going to either side, when, in fact,  if there were good will, if there were not such a highly polarized,  highly charged, partisan atmosphere, in part, as we say in the South,  egged on by various Members of the leadership in the Congress as well  as the Executive--if we didn't have all of that, we could get a lot  more done.   The genius of American politics is for us to be able to come  together, to respect each other, to understand the  [[Page S5048]]  other fellow's point of view, and then work out our differences.   It is the same thing on the international stage. That is why we see  it is so difficult to reach international agreements when people have  gotten hardened into positions because of race or religion or political  balance.   So if you note a tone of sadness in this Senator's voice, then you  are correct because, again, we are seeing the polarization of American  politics.   Why can't we have a law enforcement organization that also doesn't  have to operate under a policy of separating children from their  parents? That is the commonsense point of view, but, no, we devolve  into these extremes.    Will the Senator yield?    Indeed, this Senator is interested. Would you believe  that a lot of those retired players who are still living happen to live  in Florida?    Further, as the Senator correctly pointed out, once  Jackie Robinson was able to break into the majors in 1947, it would be  another 11 years--1958--before the last team in the Major Leagues  integrated. Would you believe, for all of that period of time, these  great baseball players who have contributed so much had no pensions?   Further, it was years later in this Senate--in the last decade--that,  finally, the Commissioner of Baseball was brought in front of the  Commerce Committee in order to face the music about the fact that the  retired players who had not played in Major League Baseball but in the  old Negro leagues in America--because they couldn't get into Major  League Baseball, even while the rest of the teams were being  integrated, which took 11 years--had no pensions. Would you believe  that Major League Baseball, through Bud Selig, finally agreed to give  them onetime pension payments?   This Senator is so grateful because that has helped so many of the  residents in my State who are these great players. Senator Blunt has so  accurately described their considerable talents on the baseball field.    If the Senator will yield, as a matter of fact, I am  looking forward to seeing that museum.   It was one of the Senator's players on the Kansas City Monarchs-- ``Peach-Head'' Bob Mitchell, retired, who was living in my State--who  brought to the attention of his Senator the inequity that had occurred  in their never getting pensions, even though they were certainly  capable of getting into Major League Baseball but, because of  segregation, could not.   