 Madam President, I appreciate the opportunity to join so  many of my colleagues to speak in support of the Pain-Capable Unborn  Child Protection Act. I thank Senator Graham for his continued  leadership on this issue. I supported this bill when Senator Graham  introduced it last Congress, and I am pleased Leader McConnell has  brought this to a vote.   Regulating abortion after 20 weeks of conception--when a child can  feel pain--is a prudent measure that reflects the basic decency of our  humanity and brings us in line with most of the Western world.   Science demonstrates that human life begins at conception, and our  understanding of neonatal development is increasing by the day.   As a member of the Labor-HHS subcommittee on Appropriations, I have  championed funding for the National Institute of Health. At the NIH,  the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development has  advanced our knowledge of pregnancy and development in the womb. Under  this institute, the Neonatal Research Network has pioneered research  that has led to techniques that save the lives of children in their  earliest stages, when these children are at their most vulnerable.   Such research tells us children who are 20 weeks old--those this bill  will protect--experience what a newborn will: reacting to noise,  sucking their thumbs, and, as this bill's title indicates, feeling  pain. The research has led to advancements in medical care for  premature babies, and 23 percent of those delivered 20 weeks after  fertilization can now survive long term outside of the womb. This  percentage will surely increase as advances in neonatal care continue.   Despite what we know, the United States is one of only seven  countries in the world, among nations such as China and Vietnam, that  permits elective abortion after 20 weeks. As a result, the  Congressional Budget Office estimates more than 10,000 babies are  aborted each year after 20 weeks of conception.   What we can't lose sight of as a society is that, when we are talking  about abortion, we are talking about the end of the most defenseless of  human lives. This is true at all stages of pregnancy, regardless of  whether it is early in the pregnancy or in the late stages, when  children are more developed and more capable of surviving outside of  the womb.   So often we turn to scientific evidence and research to support the  need for new policies. In this case, the research shows that these  children have a chance to survive, a chance to grow. They can feel;  they can move. We cannot ignore these reactions and feelings, which are  indicative of human life and with them comes the need for legal  protections--protections we would not hesitate to provide for those  living outside the womb.   Indeed, we have laws that treat animals more humanely than unborn  children. This vote gives the Senate an opportunity to send a message  showing who we are as leaders and as a society as a whole, one that  protects the weak and the voiceless, instead of one that permits their  destruction.   One in five children who are born at this 20-week stage are capable  of surviving with suitable care. Rather than be discarded, they are to  be given every opportunity to fight for the life that we protect for  them. It is what we instinctively do as parents and as human beings.   We recoil when we hear of children who are harmed in any manner; yet  the ability to terminate an unborn child's life when it is viable  outside of the womb is something that is not only tolerated, but  passionately defended. If there was anything else claiming the lives of  10,000 children each year, all 100 of us in the Senate would be  standing up demanding action to address the matter.   The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act is a sensible measure  that protects the lives of women and children in accord with judicial  rulings. It has been passed by the House of Representatives, it has the  support of a majority of Americans--men and women alike--and I call on  my colleagues to support passage of this life-affirming legislation.    Mr. President, I want to take a moment this evening to  congratulate one of the most effective advocates for American  agriculture in our Nation's Capital.   We are often helped by those who have lots of knowledge. In the  coming days, Mary Kay Thatcher will be retiring from the American Farm  Bureau, where she is widely recognized as one of the most knowledgeable  experts on farm policy, conservation, crop insurance, ag data, and so  many other issues that affect farmers and ranchers and rural America.  Mary Kay represents the best of Washington, DC. She is smart,  passionate, and authentic. Again, we often need help from those who  have expertise to help us make the right decisions, and she is  absolutely one of those people.   A great thing about Mary Kay Thatcher is that she hasn't forgotten  her rural roots. It is evidenced by her clear convictions and steadfast  support for American farmers and ranchers. Too many people come to the  beltway and they forget why they are here--but not Mary Kay. Throughout  her career of more than 30 years, she has never lost sight of what  ought to be the mission of each of ours--to use our positions, our  talents, and our abilities to help others. For Mary Kay Thatcher, her  career has been all about helping America's farmers and ranchers,  standing up for the food and fiber producers of our Nation. Let me tell  you that she is one of the best at it.   Not only is Mary Kay one of the most articulate ag lobbyists I know,  she is one of the most articulate people I know. Her ability to break  down an issue and make it understandable for everyone--for Senators and  our staffs, including those who don't have ag backgrounds--makes her  one of the most effective advocates for agriculture. There are fewer  and fewer people in the U.S. Senate and Congress who understand  agriculture or who come from farming backgrounds, and that ability to  connect with them is so important.   I have always appreciated the advice and counsel that Mary Kay has  provided me when working on the farm bill or other pieces of ag  legislation. I have also always noticed and appreciated how much time  she has spent in educating staff, including those in my office. I  believe a big part of Mary Kay's legacy will be the generations of  young people who will be better prepared to continue the fight for  American agriculture because Mary Kay has taken the time and made the  effort to mentor and to teach them.   Her passion for agriculture comes naturally. She grew up on an Iowa  farm and continues to own and manage that farm today, and that helps  guide her work here in the Nation's Capital. She has worked at the  American Farm Bureau for over 30 years, but in ag circles, it is not  necessarily the number of years that people talk about but the number  of farm bills. They refer to how many farm bills a person has survived.  By my count, Mary Kay has been part of writing at least seven farm  bills in addition to many other key pieces of ag legislation.   I know I am adding my voice to lots of others who will talk about how  great of a person she is and what an advocate she is, but I do want to  add my accolades because they are so well-deserved.   I thank Mary Kay Thatcher for all of her work on behalf of American  agriculture, including the Kansas Farm Bureau and its members, and on  behalf of all of agriculture in our State. Her efforts have benefited  Kansas and improved our country. She will be missed at the American  Farm Bureau, but I know she will find other ways to advocate for  agriculture. I hope that for many years to come, we will remain friends  and work together on behalf of American farmers and ranchers.   Congratulations and best wishes. Thank you--said with great respect  and with gratitude.   I yield the floor.   