 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to  include extraneous material on H.R. 6147, and that I may include  tabular material on the same.  [[Page H6502]]     Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the amendment.    Mr. Chair, this bill is consistent with years past that  provided robust funding for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative.  Therefore, this is an initiative I can support and we accept.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, EPA was directed by the President to take a second look  at the methane rule promulgated by the Obama administration. In  conjunction with that review, EPA attempted to provide the regulating  community with some certainty by postponing some implementation dates.  However, the courts have blocked that from happening.   In light of these challenges, the time is ripe for a temporary pause  on the enforcement of these requirements, so I urge my colleagues to  support the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, the fiscal year 2018 bill included $10  million for EPA to establish a grant program to provide funds to States  and communities for lead reduction projects as authorized in the 2016  WIIN Act.   I might also point out that we now have a WIFIA program that is in  the bill, which will allow for communities throughout the country to  leverage up to $5 billion annually, and maybe more in the future, in  their communities for such things as lead reduction within their towns  and counties.   Mr. Chairman, therefore, this is an amendment we can accept, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Will the gentlewoman yield?   Mrs. McMORRIS RODGERS. I yield to the gentleman from California.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I certainly support her amendment.   Under the previous administration, EPA proposed this stringent water  regulation standard in Washington State without utilizing sound  scientific data or evidence. In doing so, EPA created regulatory  uncertainty and imposed unachievable permit levels on the State, which  are costly and nearly impossible for industries to comply with.   I encourage the State, the Tribes, and the EPA to continue to work  together to find agreeable standards that improve water quality and  human health while, simultaneously, providing clarity to the impacted  communities and industries. In the meantime, though, I certainly urge  my colleagues to support this amendment.   Mrs. McMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, as you know, the House has spoken on this.  In last year's conference report, we directed Fish and Wildlife Service  to make this species among its highest priorities for consultation and  permit processing. Obviously, the agency has not moved fast enough, and  they need to get hopping.   So I am sure this amendment will squeak by with all of our support. I  urge an ``aye'' vote.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Chair, I support this amendment. The root of the frustration with  the Endangered Species Act is that species rarely get delisted, and  people who are directly affected by a listing are condemned to a life  of an additional Federal rule indefinitely.   Congress tried to prevent this by requiring the Fish and Wildlife  Service to review the status of every listed species every 5 years and  to down-list or delist species accordingly.   Today, the Service has a backlog of 892 species without a current 5- year review.   Without these 5-year reviews, species could be recovered and we  wouldn't even know it. I find this simply unacceptable.   Unless the Service focuses its personnel on inherently Federal  responsibilities under the ESA and non-Federal partners take the lead  on actual recovery, we will never break the contentious and litigious  cycle that we have now.   And, by the way, we have actually increased the ESA recovery budget  in this bill for 5-year reviews. So let's get ESA working again.   Mr. Chair, I urge an ``aye'' vote on this amendment.    Mr. Chair, I am happy to rise in support of the  gentleman's amendment. This is another example of EPA overreach. It is  my hope that my colleagues from Virginia and Pennsylvania can continue  to work with the administration to find common ground on approaches  that will improve water quality in a more flexible manner. I certainly  support this amendment and I urge an ``aye'' vote.    Mr. Chairman, now you know how it feels about California  water. I got the drift of this thing.   Mr. Chairman, I certainly appreciate the gentleman's interest on this  issue and appreciate the variety of opinions about it. I thank the  gentleman, as well as the gentlewoman from Minnesota, who is the  subcommittee's ranking member, for her willingness to work with the  committee. As we work together to try to move forward with this bill, I  hope a compromise will be found.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the Dean of the House's  amendment and his dedication to the sound management of natural  resources on behalf of constituents in his State.   Obviously, mining, and certainly placer mining, is unique to Alaska.  Alaska certainly has a unique history when it comes to mineral  extraction, probably more than any other State in the Union. It is  certainly a big part of Alaska's economy and the economy of the United  States. It is a mutually beneficial enterprise.   This amendment is similar to the ones adopted by voice vote in FY17  and FY18, so I certainly urge my colleagues to adopt it by a voice vote  yet again.   Mr. Chair, I support the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the gentleman's  amendment.   In 2015, a Federal court ordered the Fish and Wildlife Service to  remove the lesser prairie chicken from the list of threatened and  endangered species. Environmental activists immediately petitioned the  Agency to list the species again, and the Agency, having been stung by  the court, concluded that the petition had merit.   Now the Agency is on the verge of listing the species yet again, and  it will end up in court again, where it will be delisted again. Rinse  and repeat.   Folks, how many times must we repeat this cycle before people start  working together? How much money must be wasted fighting each other  before we realize that our money is better spent actually helping the  species?   This amendment calls a timeout on the madness, at least for one  species. That is why I am urging an ``aye'' vote.    Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word.    Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr.  Gosar).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, our State Water Board is out of control.  Our State Water Board is involved in a political operation to remove  farming out of the State of California.   This amendment would attempt to put a stop to the reckless State plan  and continue the current New Melones operations. This is something we  need to act on and act on immediately. We are in crisis.   I am a strong advocate for Mr. Denham's position and, certainly, for  his constituents, and I am glad to support this amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I support the amendment.   The National Academy of Sciences was established by Congress in 1863  in the midst of the Civil War to provide independent, objective advice  to the Nation on matters related to science and technology.   The Academy, in 2016, released a comprehensive literature review on  the science of genetically engineered crops, or GMOs as they are  commonly referred to. The Academy found zero scientific evidence that  GMOs are any more or any less safe for human consumption and the  environment than organisms modified by more traditional genetic  methods, like selective breeding.   This amendment blocks an outdated policy made during the last  administration which pandered to extreme environmental groups by  feeding into the unfounded fears of GMOs. This amendment is an  opportunity to rise above fear-mongering and make sound policy based on  science and rationality.   Mr. Chair, let's do the right thing and vote ``aye.''    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the amendment.    Mr. Chair, although the base bill already continues to  support this program at the fiscal year 2018 level, I am happy to  accept this amendment, as I have for the past 2 years.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I rise to approve the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I have no objection to the gentlewoman's  amendment. It was accepted last year by voice vote, and I encourage  adoption of the gentlewoman's amendment. I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman, and I must rise  in reluctant opposition.   I wish I could have worked with the gentleman on this amendment, but  this amendment reaches a little too far and is inconsistent even with  the Trump administration's position.   This year the President requested $2 million for the Environmental  Justice Small Grants Program which would provide financial assistance  to low income, minority, and Tribal populations, which we deal with  quite often.   This amendment would prohibit EPA's ability to issue grants  altogether, which means all of the Office of Environmental Justice  funds would be allocated to the payroll and personnel and could result  in the hiring of more EPA staff, and I am sure that is not your  intention. And so there would be  [[Page H6529]]  no savings according to the CBO. Zero. No savings at all in this  amendment. I don't believe that is your intent.   Because the amendment would have unintended consequences, I must  oppose the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the gentleman's  amendment. Suing the government and settling has become a lucrative  business that is supported by taxpayer dollars. The Endangered Species  Act, for example, has become wrapped around the axle of the judicial  system by excessive litigation.   We are essentially paying people to sue the Federal Government. This  needs to stop.   Mr. Chairman, I urge an ``aye'' vote on the amendment.   