 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer my amendment that finally addresses  a longstanding and discriminatory gap in coverage and expands treatment  options for those suffering from addiction.   This House, Mr. Chairman, should be commended for its work on opioid  addiction, but let us not forget that we have insidiously ignored  another pervasive and catastrophically destructive addiction that is  known as crack cocaine.   To remedy this, Mr. Chairman, my amendment would expand the bill to  include those individuals suffering from cocaine use disorder and  explicitly clarifies the inclusion of cocaine base, more commonly known  as crack cocaine, which, along with opiates, is a double-barrel cause  of drug-related deaths in communities like mine all across this Nation.   Too often, Mr. Chairman, this House seems to only have focused on  issues when they have affected the majority, the White population. This  leaves vulnerable, non-White, minority Americans without any chance to  escape from their illness and their resulting suffering.   Too often, Mr. Chairman, the government's response to minority  Americans has been mass incarceration instead of treatment. Too often,  Mr. Chairman, crises that impact the African American communities are  seen as a criminal justice problem, while those that affect the White  community are seen as a public health problem. That phenomenon changes  today.  [[Page H5340]]    I know opponents of this amendment will say that we should be  expanding coverage to all those suffering from addiction. I  wholeheartedly agree, Mr. Chairman, with that statement. However, while  more remains to be done, today's action is a step in the right  direction.   This is an important moment for those who have been addicted to crack  and have been denied such access to treatment. Today they will finally  get relief as we make historic progress in the fight against addiction  and the injustice that continues to tear communities apart.   For this reason, I urge all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  to join me in supporting this worthwhile and meaningful amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have  remaining.    Mr. Chairman, before I close, I want to, in a most sincere  and humble way, thank Chairman Walden for his outstanding leadership on  this matter, and for his breadth of understanding of the difficulties  that my constituents have as a result of the omission from treatments  for crack cocaine and other similar addictions.   I do understand the ranking member on the full committee's problems  and concerns. I do understand, and I accept it. But, Mr. Chairman, we  have to go forward on this particular amendment and on final passage.   Mr. Chairman, I thank Congressman Walden, and all of the staffs, for  working with my staff on this critically important issue.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   