 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, what is the pending order at the desk as  it relates to the time of the vote?    Mr. President, we are considering today the nomination  of James ``Randy'' Evans to be Ambassador to Luxembourg. I opposed Mr.  Evans' nomination in committee, and I will again oppose his  confirmation on the floor.   My concerns with Mr. Evans center around his tenure on the Georgia  State Election Board from 2002 to 2010. In March of 2005, Georgia  passed a controversial new law requiring voters to show a photo ID in  order to cast a vote.   Despite the fact that both Federal and State judges prohibited the  law from going into effect, the Election Board made a decision in 2006  to send a letter to 200,000 voters with the false impression that the  law would be in effect for the upcoming election. Appropriately, this  action caused an uproar, and multiple voices accused the Board of  defying the injunction in a deliberate attempt to mislead voters and  possibly suppress minority turnout. The board subsequently mailed out a  clarification letter, but the damage had already been done.   During his confirmation process, Mr. Evans unfortunately presented  conflicting accounts of his involvement in this effort to suppress  voter turnout. He first said he could not remember the details of how  the letter was sent or who wrote it. However, other board members who  served during that time period, as well as summaries of election board  meeting minutes from 2006, clearly reflect that Mr. Evans and the board  as a whole appeared to play a central role in drafting and distributing  the letters.   These conflicting accounts trouble me. The right to express one's  vote at the ballot box is fundamental to our democracy. Throughout our  Nation's history, various actors have sought to systematically deny  different groups of people this core right.   Those representing the United States abroad must embody and embrace  our fundamental democratic values and ideals. I am not convinced that  Mr. Evans will do that. One cannot be advocating for democracy and  human rights and suppressing votes here at home. I do not think he has  demonstrated the judgment I would expect from our Ambassadors, and for  this reason I will urge my colleagues to reject sending Mr. Evans to  Luxembourg as the U.S. Ambassador.   Because my colleagues are here on the floor, although I have time  reserved to speak on North Korea, I will yield, because I think they  have an important action to take place.   