 Mr. Speaker, we have been hearing some of the details  of the bill, but here is the real message: this is about our small  communities and small banks that are the lifeblood of those  communities.   A little earlier you heard the ranking member talk about this being  about Wall Street.   Do you know what?   She is right. This is about Wall Street. Wall Street was one block  away from where I lived on Sanford Street in Zeeland, Michigan. By the  way, we were connected by Main Street and Central Avenue. That is what  it is about. Whether it is Wall Street in Zeeland, Michigan, or Sanford  Street, or my friends in Baldwin, Michigan, this is about our small  communities.   What does a strong local community bank bring?   It brings local investment.   And what does that local investment bring?   Stability, predictability, trust, trust among the farmers, among  those corner pub owners, or among those small hotel owners that may be  depending on the stray traveler that is going to be coming through.   This has been sort of viewed as a risk to these small banks. It is  actually the opposite of that. Either, A, one small community bank is  going to merge with another small community bank and they are going to  remain small community banks under that $3 billion threshold; or, B,  what we have been seeing a lot of--and this is what the chairman was  talking about--they are going to get gobbled up by a large bank that  doesn't qualify under this legislation.   And guess what.   They are far more likely to remove those ATMs and far more likely to  move those local branches out of places like Tustin and Luther and  Baldwin and Holland.   I can tell you this: if you went and said that this is anything other  than about strengthening our small community banks, it shows, A, one is  either wildly out of touch or, B, playing politics.   That is the sad part, because I can tell you this: if you go talk to  my friend Debbie Smith-Olson, who is the CEO of Lake-Osceola State Bank  in Baldwin, Michigan--located in the poorest county in the State of  Michigan, one of the top 100 poorest counties in the Nation--and you  told her that this was about Wall Street, she would laugh.   If I went and talked to my friends at Macatawa Bank and tried to  describe this as being about helping big banks and Wall Street and  rolling back Dodd-Frank, they would first look at me in stunned  silence, and then they would ask me: Are you serious?   Well, unfortunately, that is the kind of rhetoric that you are  hearing out here today.   Let's make sure that we understand what this is really about:  strengthening our small banks, which strengthen our small communities  and strengthen our small-business owners. That is what is going to  continue this economic comeback that we are experiencing here in the  United States.   I commend the gentlewoman from Utah in her work on a bipartisan  manner on the basis that this has been coming together with people of  goodwill trying to come up with a solution to make sure that we don't  see needless consolidation in a banking community that has already been  so hit.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    As I wrap up, this is about making sure that we have a  solid community banking system. We know that they have been under  assault under these Dodd-Frank provisions that have come through, which  I don't think were necessarily maliciously put in, but they were  misunderstood about what those effects were going to be. The  gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. Love) is rectifying that.   Mr. Speaker, I want to encourage my colleagues to support that and to  vote ``yes'' for this very important bill.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I think it is important for us to understand the support  that community banks have gotten from this side of the aisle.   I know that my colleagues on the opposite side of the aisle,  oftentimes, advance the argument that they are the only ones who care  about community banks and that we don't understand community banks.  And, oftentimes, they have arguments that basically would have one  conclude that we don't really advance the cause of community banks.   I would just like to remind my colleagues in this Congress of the  work that we have done in support of community banks. We have  supported, and successfully supported, less frequent exams for well- rated community banks with less than $1 billion. The exam cycle is now  18 months instead of 12 months for these strong small banks.   We took into consideration the concerns of community banks about the  examiners coming too often, disturbing the banks, oftentimes, tying up  the personnel in the bank. So we agreed to not have them come in every  12 months and to extend that so that 18 months will give some relief to  the community banks so that they don't have to deal with the auditors  in such a way that disturbs the bank.   We also moved successfully to eliminate an annual privacy notice for  community banks and credit unions whose policies have not changed and  the consumer has already notified. Well, we did that. We eliminated  these annual privacy notices for the community banks and for credit  unions who have not changed their policies, and there is no need to  have to continue to insist that they have these annual privacy notices.   Well, we went further with less stringent SEC registration rules for  small thrifts, providing parity with other banks; and access to credit  for privately insured credit unions, allowing them to join the Federal  Home Loan Banks program; improving mortgage licensing for community  banks and credit unions by allowing regulator access to the nationwide  mortgage licensing system and registry, while maintaining  confidentiality protections.   I just cite this because it is so important to understand what we  have done on this side of the aisle to ensure that our community banks  are strong, that they are there for our communities, that they provide  the loans, that they  [[Page H988]]  assist in developing our communities. What we don't understand  oftentimes is why our friends on the opposite side of the aisle, in the  name of community banks, will come with proposals that hurt community  banks.   We have pointed out that our friends on the opposite side of the  aisle have gone so far as to try and get everyone to believe that we  should increase this amount of debt that they could carry up to $10  billion. That is totally irresponsible, totally. And even when they  attempted to go to $5 billion, totally irresponsible, down to $3  billion, because I guess they just say: Well, we have to try to get  some more opportunities for small banks to carry this debt.   Well, they don't answer the question about what happens when these  small community banks are burdened with debt that they cannot take care  of, that they cannot pay. They don't talk about the fact that that is  going to cause the community bank to close. And they certainly don't  talk about putting them in a position where they will be brought up.   So I would simply say for those of us who have proven our support for  community banks and who continue to engage with community banks about  what we can do to ensure their strength, to ensure that they are there  to provide the loans in the neighborhoods and in the communities that  they serve, I think we have identified ourselves and we have defined  ourselves. We would simply ask those who are listening to this debate  to continue to know and understand what is happening between these  different sides of the aisle, to look at what we have done, and to  understand how we have been helpful in our support for community banks.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   