 Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to the  nomination of Kathleen Kraninger to be Director of the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB.   This is one of the most important positions in our entire  government--a job that is dedicated to protecting consumers from  fraudsters, from predatory lending, and from dangerous financial  products that can drive families to bankruptcy.   Ms. Kraninger does not have the experience or the values to hold such  an important job. In fact, she has fully endorsed this administration's  ongoing efforts to systematically dismantle protections for consumers.   This time last year, I led over 40 of my colleagues in writing to the  President urging him to nominate a professional, bipartisan expert with  a proven record of being tough on financial institutions that rip off  consumers. Instead, this administration has spent the past year working  to gut the CFPB under Interim Director Mulvaney. They have frozen data  collection of consumer complaints and undermined enforcement tools.  They have slow-walked enforcement actions and weakened protections for  our servicemembers and seniors. They have stripped the Fair Lending  Office of enforcement powers and closed the Office of Students and  Young Consumers. Ms. Kraninger supports all of these actions, and all  of these actions run contrary to the mission and to the purpose of the  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.   This nominee is not a bipartisan professional with a proven record of  financial enforcement. She is a politically driven choice who will  dismantle protections for the men and women currently serving in our  military, and for our veterans, our students, our seniors, and all  American consumers.   I had the honor of serving on the Dodd-Frank conference committee,  where we finalized the strongest Wall Street reform bill in a  generation and created the CFPB. I have spent the past decade defending  the CFPB from one attack after another--efforts to cut off its funding,  efforts to make it harder for them to hire qualified staff, and efforts  to make it harder for them to put in place important new protections  for the American people.   It is unconscionable that this administration will now spend the  coming years attacking the CFPB from within by putting in place  leadership that fundamentally does not believe in protecting consumers.  We need to hold financial bad actors and special interests accountable,  not let them set the CFPB's agenda.   My Democratic colleagues and I told the President this a year ago,  and I will say it again. The Nation needs a professional, bipartisan  expert with a proven record of being tough on financial bad actors to  run the CFPB. We must have a Director who is focused on the prosperity  of all American families and not payday lenders and fraudsters.   Ms. Kraninger does not meet the standard. So I will oppose her  nomination, and I urge my colleagues to join me.   I yield the floor.   