 Madam Speaker, I rise today to first of all express my  appreciation to my colleague from Arizona for his good words and his  acknowledgment of the economy in Utah.   Shortly after I had been elected, one of my very first votes cast in  this Chamber was for tax reform. Since being signed into law, the  positive impact tax reform has had on our economy has been absolutely  astonishing. Not only has tax reform proven to be a tremendous success  across America, it has proven particularly effective in my home State  of Utah.   To simply say the U.S. economy is doing well would be a gross  understatement. As a member of the Small Business Committee, I believe  that small businesses are the lifeblood of the U.S. economy, and,  certainly, they are in my district. That is why I have been pleased to  see that the small business optimism index has reached its second  highest level in the survey's 45-year history.   Consumer confidence is the highest we have seen in decades, and the  unemployment rate in the United States is currently under 4 percent,  and in my home State it is nearly 3 percent. In fact, for the first  time since the Bureau of Labor Statistics has been keeping track, the  number of available jobs now exceeds the number of unemployed U.S.  workers.   Not only is the unemployment rate historically low, but 90 percent of  American workers also have had higher take-home pay now as a direct  result of tax reform. In Utah, we are seeing companies of all sizes  investing in their employees by giving pay bonuses and raises.   A few high-profile examples include the Larry H. Miller Group of  Companies, rewarding 10,000 employees with thousands of dollars in pay  and bonuses. Zions Bank gave pay raises to 40 percent of its employees  and thousands in bonuses to nearly 80 percent of its employees, and  SkyWest Airlines increased bonuses and 401(k) contributions for their  employees. These are only a few small examples of the many companies  passing on benefits of tax reform to hardworking Utahns.    Tax reform is not only helping to put more money in hardworking  Utahns' paychecks, but also lowering utility rates as well. Dominion  Energy in Utah and the Division of Public Utilities is passing on $17  million in tax savings to its customers by lowering energy rates.   Chris Parker, the division director of Utah Division of Public  Utilities said: ``Ever since Federal tax reform legislation was passed,  our division has been working closely with the Public Service  Commission and utilities to determine the best method to pass on tax  savings to Utah customers. Consumers should begin seeing lower gas  bills soon.''   Madam Speaker, in the past few months, I have held over 50 townhall  meetings and met with thousands of Utahns. They consistently express  their appreciation for Congress' passing tax reform. They recognize  that this historic effort is producing real results for hardworking  Utah families. Simply put, Utahns are keeping more of their hard-earned  money and are making more money as a direct result of tax reform, and  the U.S. economy, for businesses, large and small, is roaring.   