 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from  Colorado for yielding me this time to speak on this rule.   I have to admit, I was a little confused when I walked in, based on  what I was hearing on the other side, of what bill we were actually  discussing. And let me just say this, Mr. Speaker, before I get into  why I am rising today in support of these important bills that have  bipartisan support.   Being someone who has been on the receiving end of being shot at, we  have to focus on how do we make our children safe. I think everybody in  this Chamber is deeply, deeply concerned on that. We have to assume the  next shooter is there and he already has a weapon, and the actions that  we take must be focused clearly on how do we make these children safe.  I don't think there is any person in this Chamber who would disagree  with that, and especially, I know, on our side of the aisle, so we are  committed to that.   But today, we are here speaking on a rule that is very important for  two substantive bills that we are bringing up, and I rise in support of  not only my bill, the Comprehensive Regulatory Review Act, but also my  colleague, Mr. Luetkemeyer's bill, which we are also discussing here.   This week, the House is continuing to take up strongly bipartisan  bills from the Financial Services Committee. The committee has passed,  so far, Mr. Speaker, 91 bills in this Congress, and we have taken our  remarkable productivity to the floor by passing 36 bills out of this  Chamber, and six of them have been signed into law.   My bill, which we are beginning to debate here today, is another  strongly bipartisan bill which will provide regulatory relief for  financial institutions and increase access to capital and credit for  businesses and consumers.   Mr. Speaker, there is a historical trend for the government to  overregulate after an economic recession. The recovery from the  financial crisis of 2008 to 2009 was weak and slow for many reasons,  not least of which was overregulation of the financial sector by the  Dodd-Frank Act and the previous administration.   Some would argue that there is also a trend to underregulate during  good economic times like we are living in now. Some say that the  regulatory relief legislation that we passed out of  [[Page H1283]]  the Financial Services Committee will lead to abuses by big banks and  other financial institutions and cause another financial crisis.   But these bills will not cause the government to underregulate banks  and credit unions. They will simply implement smart regulation. In  other words, these bills do not gut or eliminate regulation. They  right-size regulation and make it more efficient.   Back in 1996, Congress did a good thing by passing the Economic  Growth and Regulatory Paperwork Reduction Act, or as we call it,  EGRPRA. EGRPRA requires the banking regulatory agencies to go back once  every 10 years--that is, once a decade--and review their regulations to  identify those that may be outdated, unnecessary, or overly burdensome,  and then they are to send a report to Congress. It also requires the  agencies to eliminate regulations if they determine they are  inappropriate.   Make no mistake, EGRPRA was a good idea back in 1996, and it is a  very valuable tool, but far too often EGRPRA regulatory reviews have  been viewed as merely a check-the-box exercise by these agencies and in  the financial sector. Many believe the two EGRPRA reports, which were  released in 2007 and then a decade later in 2017, were lackluster and  could have produced more useful recommendations to policymakers; and  under the current EGRPRA law, it will be another decade before we could  actually look at those regulations again.   EGRPRA could also result in more action from the regulators to clean  up outdated and unnecessary rules. That is why it is important for  Congress to revisit EGRPRA and to revitalize this law.   My bill contains several reforms to the EGRPRA review process that  will breathe new life into the law and make sure it is not simply a  check-the-box exercise for regulators. This bill will require more  frequent regulatory reviews by moving the review cycle from 10 to 7  years. It will expand EGRPRA to include all regulated financial  institutions instead of only the insured depository institutions. It  will expand EGRPRA to include the CFPB, and the bill will also codify  the National Credit Union Administration into EGRPRA, since the NCUA  participated in the latest review voluntarily.   The bill will also require the CFPB to use its findings from its  Dodd-Frank regulatory reviews and its EGRPRA reports so the CFPB does  not waste time on rules it has already reviewed. And most importantly,  this bill will require the agencies to tailor rules they find to be  unnecessary, outdated, or overly burdensome based on the size and risk  profile of the bank or credit union--that is, the regulators making the  determination, not the banks and not the institutions.    Mr. Speaker, I am wrapping up.   This bill passed out of the committee with a strong bipartisan vote  of more than two-thirds of the committee members, including all  Republicans and eight Democrats. I urge my colleagues to support the  rule and the underlying bills.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Representative  Hultgren, for taking this time to do something that is so worthy.   You know, we live in a city where we have vast monuments erected for  people who have left an impact on this Nation or on the world. When you  walk the Halls of this grand and beautiful Capitol, there are statues  of those who have made significant marks and changes to this Nation.   As I stand here today, I think of the gentleman who is going to lay  in honor in the rotunda tomorrow, how he left such an impact on the  world. He is probably the greatest impact on this  [[Page H1326]]  Nation and this world of modern times. The monument to him is in the  hearts of literally billions of people who he touched with one simple  message: God loves you.   That was as simple as Billy Graham would speak to the hearts of  millions of Americans that God loves you and he cares about you  individually as a person. That resonated so strong that it is estimated  that--and this was in 2008--that through his ministries and his radio  and television and his crusades, he reached over 2.2 billion people  with a simple message that God loves you, and it is a message of truth.   He has had such an impact, as had been spoken of earlier, on a number  of world leaders that he impacted with that simple message. The words  that he shared--and he left us many quotes, and many of us are inspired  by those quotes--but the words that he used that were most impactful  were the words of Jesus. He just repeated the words that Christ had  given us.   He was also a man of great, great courage. A lot of people don't  realize the close relationship he had with Martin Luther King, Jr. And  in the 1950s, when Billy Graham came to the south and he was going to  preach at one of the crusades, he noticed that there was a rope running  through the middle of the congregation, a rope that separated Whites  from Blacks. He was so offended, he went and asked that that rope be  removed; and when the ushers refused to do it, Billy Graham went and  moved the rope himself.   That sparked a friendship with him and Martin Luther King, Jr. When  Martin Luther King, Jr. penned his famous ``Letter from Birmingham  Jail,'' he condemned a lot of churches for not being engaged in what we  believed that God created everyone in his image and that they should  all be equal. But Billy Graham was not one of those. He stood strong.   In fact, in 1960, when Martin Luther King, Jr., was in prison, Billy  Graham paid his bail. Billy Graham has left a mark, but we still fight  some of the battles that he warned us of and he fought back then.   A couple of the quotes that have meant so much to me that Billy  Graham left us with is one that God's will will not take us to where  God's grace will not sustain us, knowing he was preparing us for  battles that we have to fight.   He also stated that the Founders who pinned our Constitution believed  in a freedom of religion, not a freedom from religion. And finally,  even though we are in a time of crisis in this Nation, things are  happening we don't understand, the last quote that I will leave you  with that Billy Graham said is: ``I've read the last page of the Bible.  It's all going to turn out all right.''   