 Mr. President, on Friday, George Herbert Walker Bush, the  41st President of the United States, went to his eternal reward.   His death marks the passing of an era. George H.W. Bush was the last  President to have served in World War II. He enlisted on his 18th  birthday, postponing college to serve his country, and went on to  become the youngest pilot in the Navy. During his 3 years of service,  he flew 58 combat missions and was awarded the Distinguished Flying  Cross and three Air Medals.   Throughout his life, he exemplified the characteristics of the  ``greatest generation''--service, love of country, humility, and honor.   His achievements in public office were significant. As Vice  President, he helped Ronald Reagan turn the economy around and combat  the ``evil empire.'' As President, he presided over the dissolution of  the Soviet Union and helped bring order and stability to the world  stage in its aftermath. Through it all, he stayed humble and down-to- earth.   This week, I saw an article with anecdotes from Secret Service agents  who had protected President Bush. What stood out to me the most was the  fact that he used to stay in Washington over Christmas so his Secret  Service agents could spend the day with their families. That was the  kind of man he was.   We throw around the words ``public service'' in government, but for  George Bush, that term meant something. Public service was a real thing  to him.   Being a Congressman, being CIA Director, being an ambassador, being  President--these weren't chances to aggrandize himself or to burnish  his resume. These were chances to serve, to give something back to the  country he loved and had fought to protect.   President Bush was a statesman, a man of principle who understood  that you could speak the truth without demonizing your opponents. He  and President Clinton may have been political adversaries, but that  didn't stop him from teaming up with President Clinton to raise money  for victims of Hurricane Katrina in the 2004 tsunami.   He was also, as every American knows, a devoted family man, a beloved  father, grandfather, and great-grandfather. He and his wife Barbara,  who died earlier this year, were married for 73 years--the longest  marriage of any Presidential couple in our Nation's history. The love  and affection and friendship between them were palpable.   By now, I think most Americans have seen the moving image from  cartoonist Marshall Ramsey paying tribute to President Bush. In a  cartoon, President Bush is depicted as having flown his World War II  plane, a TBM Avenger, to Heaven. There, he joins hands with his beloved  daughter Robin and his beloved wife, who says: ``We waited for you.'' I  am sure their reunion was a joyful one.   I yield the floor.   