 Mr. President, I come to the floor, as I have over the  past few months, urging the U.S. Senate to come together in a  bipartisan fashion to address important issues facing our Nation. The  American people expect it. They understand how closely divided we are-- 49 Democrats, 51 Republicans in the Senate--and for the most  controversial issues, 60 votes are required. Unless we work in a  bipartisan fashion, we achieve little or nothing.   After many months of difficult negotiation, I stand here today in  support of a bipartisan, 2-year budget agreement announced by Leaders  McConnell and Schumer that will finally produce results for the  American people. For too long, this gridlocked Congress has lurched  from one continuing resolution--that is a temporary spending bill--to  another. That has prevented us from working together to craft  appropriations bills that save taxpayers money and that invest in  things that are important at every level for our future.   While this budget deal doesn't include everything I would like to  see, it certainly includes some highlights of things that I think are  critically important for the State of Illinois and our Nation.   I am particularly disappointed that it does not include a solution to  the DACA--or Dreamer--crisis that was created by President Trump on  September 5 when he announced that he would eliminate the program that  provides protection from deportation for almost 800,000 people in the  United States. That was over 5 months ago. President Trump challenged  this Congress--challenged this Senate--to come up with a legislative  solution. As I stand here today, we have not produced it.   I will certainly acknowledge that Senator McConnell, the Republican  leader, together with Senator Schumer, the Democratic leader, has  charted a course for us next week. We are going to do something in the  Senate we haven't seen in a long time. We are going to come to the  floor of the Senate and act like Senators. For some of my colleagues,  it will be their first-time experience of a bill on the floor, open to  amendment and actual debate. Yes, it is going to happen right here.  Stay tuned on C-SPAN. Next week could be historic.   It has been over a year and a half since we have had a meaningful  debate on the floor, but next week we will. The topic: immigration and  DACA. We know we have to. The March 5 deadline is looming, when this  program will end by President Trump's prohibition of the program and,  at that point, 1,000 young people each day, on average, will lose their  protection from deportation and their legal right to work in America.  They will walk off the job because we failed to act, unless we get it  together.   I am sorry this bill that includes so many good things doesn't  include that solution, but we are poised to do it anyway, and I look  forward to that debate next week. I hope this agreement will provide a  spirit of bipartisanship that will be felt next week when we come  together and discuss the fates of hundreds of thousands of Dreamers  across the United States.   Let me tell my colleagues what this budget agreement does, which I  think is well worth our bipartisan support. It includes a huge  investment for America's military. We will prepare our men and women in  uniform to be not only ready for battle but to continue to be the  strongest and the best military in the world. That is something we have  seen go by the boards and, frankly, be ignored in the past, but now we  are going to focus on it.   I have the greatest confidence in General Mattis, in terms of his  commitment to our military, both in his personal life and in his new  role as Secretary of Defense. I believe he will direct the spending  appropriately so we can prepare our men and women for  [[Page S805]]  battle and prepare our Nation to defend itself under any threat and, if  necessary, use our force for good around the world.   We also make a dramatic investment in nondefense spending. In the  past 8 or 10 years, we have seen a dramatic downturn in nondefense  spending in our budget. Many people have said nobody will notice. Well,  America noticed as we cut back our investment in education, in  healthcare, and in so many fundamentals.   There is one particular area I want to highlight. When I had to make  a decision as to whether to run for another term in the Senate, I sat  down and made a very short list of things I wanted to accomplish or  work on if I were given another 6-year term. At the top of that list,  of course, were Dreamers, but second was medical research. I came back  here and sat down with my colleagues, including two Republicans,  Senator Alexander and Senator Blunt, and my wonderful friend and  colleague in leadership, Senator Patty Murray. I said: We need to do  something.   Dr. Collins at the National Institutes of Health had told me the  problem with medical research is, if it is not certain that next year  you will receive a grant to continue your medical research, you get  discouraged, and then you start looking for another job. We can't let  that happen. We can't lose the best and brightest who are searching for  cures to diseases which haunt and plague many families across America.   Dr. Collins suggested 5 percent real growth in the budget of the  National Institutes of Health. I salute especially my colleagues,  Senator Blunt, a Republican, and Senator Murray, a Democrat. They  really made good on that promise. We worked together, and they  delivered. This will be the third straight year we have had a more than  5-percent increase in medical research. If there is ever an issue that  is bipartisan, it should be this one.   The good news is, this budget agreement will go beyond 5 percent. We  are talking in the area of 7 or 8 percent real increases in spending  for medical research.   Dr. Collins told me years ago, when he talked about this goal that if  we could provide this kind of reliable increase in medical research,  dramatic breakthroughs would occur. We are starting to see them. Some  of the cancer therapies that are curing cancers today were unthinkable  just a few years ago, and there is more to follow.   Think about all of the news reports now about flu and what it is  doing to children, some of whom tragically have lost their lives, many  of whom stayed home from school, and others around our Nation and the  world plagued by influenza each year. At this moment, NIH is working on  a universal flu vaccine. If it is discovered, it will be a lifesaver.  It will change the basic life pattern that many of us have faced our  entire lives. It can happen. I am old enough to remember when Dr. Jonas  Salk came up with the polio vaccine, and that was a breakthrough many  of us never imagined. It can happen. This budget will help it happen,  and that is why I am so happy to see it in this bill.   I also want to say they have done a great job in providing resources  to fight the opioid crisis, the worst addiction epidemic in the history  of our Nation.   Funding our community health centers is a critical part of public  health and of making certain that basic primary care is available to  every American; healthcare for our children through the CHIP program  and improving our veterans health facilities. We will be investing, for  the first time in years, billions of dollars in new veterans healthcare  facilities, some of it long overdue.   Also, we are going to help fix our Nation's aged and broken  infrastructure.   This bill provides resources and funding for Florida, Texas,  California, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico. There are many  people from Puerto Rico who live in the city of Chicago. Some of them  are extremely close friends. I am happy to report that this bill makes  the investment we need to make to get that island back on its feet: $2  billion to put into electrical infrastructure, in and of itself, can  bring Puerto Rico back and restore electrical service to the families  who have been waiting months for what each of us takes for granted each  and every day. This disaster relief will make a difference in their  lives.   How did we achieve this amazing outcome where Democrats and  Republicans would come to the floor and praise it? Well, we sat down  and made a compromise. We gave on both sides, and we realized it was  time to roll up our sleeves, stop squabbling, stop fighting for  headlines, stop putting out press releases, and get down to work.   I hope next week that spirit continues when we enter the debate on  immigration and DACA. It is my sincere hope that we will have a  bipartisan breakthrough on immigration next week--not just for the  Dreamers and their families but for the good and the future of America.   I yield the floor.   