 Mr. President, earlier today, we heard the French  President address a joint meeting of Congress. He reminded us that the  French and American people have always fought side by side to defend  our common values. France was our original ally during the American  Revolution.   Americans fought and died in France during World War I and World War  II. Our alliance has spanned centuries because of diplomats who have  cultivated the close relationship that the countries continue with  today, and it is a shame we didn't have a Secretary of State of the  United States who could have helped us welcome the French President  during his visit here. We have a nominee who is eminently qualified-- Mike Pompeo--and Republicans are ready to confirm him right now. We  were ready to confirm him last week. We are ready for him to get to  work in maintaining and strengthening relationships around the world.   Under previous administrations, we could have brought the nomination  to the floor of the Senate without needing to waste all of the time and  the delays, by the Democrats, on a cloture vote. That is how we used to  treat important national security positions like the Secretary of State  but no more, apparently. That is what happened even when Senators  disagreed with the administration's foreign policies.   Consider Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Secretary of State  John Kerry. The Republicans and Democrats agreed that the President  deserved to have the team he wanted--the people he wanted--on the  ground helping him. We all agreed some of these positions were very  important to national security--so important that, in a bipartisan way,  we felt that playing political games with them was just wrong.  Apparently, that has changed in the eyes of the Democrats now that  Donald Trump has been elected President of the United States.   When Barack Obama became President in 2009, the Republicans didn't  obstruct his nomination of Hillary Clinton to be Secretary of State.  No. She was confirmed by a vote of 94 to 2. Then, when President Obama  nominated John Kerry for the job in 2013, the Republicans didn't slow  down or block that choice either. He was confirmed by a vote of 94 to  3. The Republicans had serious concerns about President Obama's foreign  policy ideas, his strategies, his approach, but we confirmed the people  whom he wanted as his Secretary of State. We did not obstruct these  nominations, and we didn't try to tarnish the reputations of the people  whom he picked for these important jobs, not at all.   I think the Senate does have an obligation to carefully evaluate a  President's nominees. When those nominees are qualified and capable,  then the President has every right to have his team and have his team  in place quickly. That was the standard the Republicans applied to  these Democratic nominees for Secretary of State under a Democratic  President.   What has happened since then? Why has all of this changed since then?   We now have a Republican President, and we have a Republican nominee  to be Secretary of State. It seems the Senate Democrats have tossed out  the way things have always been done before. ``No, we do not want to do  it that way anymore.'' The only interest seems to be obstruction-- obstructing, delaying, resisting anything the Republicans, under  President Trump, are trying to do, anything he is trying to do in terms  of getting his team in place--a team he needs.   How does someone justify a vote for these two people to be Secretary  of State--the Democrats and Republicans who voted for these two--and  then turn around and not vote for Mike Pompeo? How can you justify  that? I certainly cannot.   When Mike Pompeo was nominated to be the Director of the Central  Intelligence Agency, 15 Senators from the other side of the aisle were  willing to set aside partisanship. They knew he was qualified for the  job--first in his class at West Point, the Harvard Law Review, his  activities as a Member of Congress. Everything he has done as the CIA  Director has shown that those 15 Senators made the right call to  support him over a year ago. They made the right call to join the  Republicans and to respect the traditions of the Senate--to put  qualified people on the job even if they may not have agreed completely  with their philosophies on political issues.   There is no reason other than pure partisan politics that any of  these Democrats would vote against Mike Pompeo now. He is eminently  qualified. He showed during his confirmation hearing--he went through 5  hours of questioning--that he has the intelligence, he has the  integrity, and he has the experience to serve as our Nation's Secretary  of State.   Turn to the newspapers. You have the Washington Post coming out,  writing: ``Confirm Mike Pompeo.'' You have USA TODAY coming out today  and writing: ``Confirm Mike Pompeo.'' We even have the New York Daily  News--the hometown newspaper of the leader of the Democratic Senate-- coming out and writing: ``Confirm Mike Pompeo.''   The Democrats in the Senate don't seem to care. It doesn't seem like  they are interested in doing the right thing. They are interested in  obstructing and continuing the history of the deliberate delays we have  seen with them through this administration. They have been doing it  since the very first day of the Trump administration. At this rate, it  would take more than 9 years to confirm all of President Trump's  nominees for important jobs. Why? The Democrats can't offer a single  good reason. The Senate has been forced to waste huge amounts of time  in confirming nominees who aren't even controversial at all.   When Senate Democrats try to block the President from filling  important national security jobs, they are putting America's security  in danger. We all know the world is a dangerous place and is getting  more dangerous every day. Our adversaries are opportunistic. Our  adversaries are aggressive. Our allies are eager to work with the  United  [[Page S2412]]  States. That is what the President of France told us today.   Have the Democrats already forgotten the atrocities we saw in Syria a  few weeks ago? It was France and Great Britain that joined the  President of the United States in launching airstrikes against Bashar  Al-Assad's chemical weapons facilities.   We need to be able to maintain the relationships that allow this kind  of action to occur. We need people on the job who can both encourage  our allies and deter our enemies. The Senate Democrats have to decide  what is more important to them--protecting America's national security  or appeasing the extreme liberal, far leftwing of their party.   I understand if there are Senators who have principled reasons for  objecting to this nominee or any nominee. They can vote no but not  continue to hold up or slow down the process as they have done for a  year and a half. I think, if a Senator is against a nominee, then come  to the floor; state the objection; cite the evidence; vote no. Yet that  is not what many Democrats here are doing with their obstruction of one  nominee after another, and it is not what they have done with their  obstructions of hundreds of nominees. For them, it doesn't seem, at  least to me, to be a principled stand. It seems to be a reckless  political stunt.   I listened to my colleagues on the Foreign Relations Committee the  other evening when we voted on this nomination. I listened to the  Democrats speak on the floor and speak to the press. Frankly, I have  not heard a single good reason to delay the Senate's consideration of  Mike Pompeo to be Secretary of State. The Democrats need to stop the  games, stop the delays, allow us to move immediately to vote on his  nomination, and get President Trump's Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo,  on the job.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   