 Mr. President, the Senate has been running a bit behind. I  wanted to accommodate my Republican colleagues.   I ask unanimous consent that the vote be moved to 2:20 p.m., rather  than 2:15 p.m., on Mr. Azar.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, the Senate has been running a bit behind. I  wanted to accommodate my Republican colleagues.   I ask unanimous consent that the vote be moved to 2:20 p.m., rather  than 2:15 p.m., on Mr. Azar.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, a year ago, the President stormed into  office promising better, cheaper healthcare for everyone. He said he  would bring prescription drug prices down because, in his words, drug  companies were ``getting away with murder.''   So as we move to this vote, as the senior Democrat on the Finance  Committee, I wanted to make sure we took stock after year 1. The Trump  record on healthcare is worse than your garden variety case of a  President failing to live up to his campaign promises. This President  has surely hurt the people he promised to help. Very shortly, the  Senate will vote on the nomination of Alex Azar to be the Secretary of  Health and Human Services. In this position, he would be the captain of  the President's healthcare team. So in my view, this debate is about a  lot more than Mr. Azar's resume. It is a referendum on a year of  healthcare failure, particularly on prescription drug costs, and it is  a referendum on what I consider to be a healthcare agenda of  discrimination.   I am going to begin with the skyrocketing prescription drug prices  because they are a gut punch for millions of Americans each time they  step up to the pharmacy window. Few promises the President made with  respect to healthcare resonated more than his promise to bring down  prescription drug prices, but now, a year later, he has chosen Alex  Azar, a drug company executive with a documented history of raising  drug prices.   From 2012 until last year, he was the head of Eli Lilly's American  subsidiary, Lilly USA. He chaired its U.S. pricing, reimbursement, and  access steering committee, which gave him a major role over drug price  increases for every product Lilly marketed in America. On Mr. Azar's  watch, Lilly more than doubled the prices of drugs used to treat  diabetes, osteoporosis, heart disease, and ADHD. And these are only  some of the drugs under his purview.   He told the Finance Committee staff that he had never once approved a  decrease in the price of a drug at Lilly. Mr. Azar said: That is just  how the system works. Prices always go up. I would say that Mr. Azar  may have had his facts straight about the system, but that doesn't make  it right. Mr. Azar was a part of this broken system, and despite the  cheerful overtures that he has made to Senators on both sides of the  aisle over the last few weeks about how he wants to work on the issue,  he has not offered even a single concrete example of how he would  actually change the system he said is broken. He will not give us an  example of how he would change it to make it better.   Members of this body, Democrats and Republicans, have come forward  with specifics about what they would do to help those Americans getting  clobbered at the prescription drug windows across the land. We have  colleagues who are for drug importation. We have colleagues who are for  more negotiating power for Medicare. We have colleagues who understand  the challenge with the pharmaceutical benefit managers, where there is  so little transparency. We asked Mr. Azar repeatedly for examples, but  all he had to say about this system that was so broken is that he would  be ``open'' to ideas.    As important as that is, there is a whole lot more for Senators to  reflect on as they think about this vote. After a year in office, the  Trump administration is steadily and relentlessly enacting a healthcare  agenda of discrimination--discrimination against those with preexisting  conditions, discrimination against women, discrimination against LGBTQ  Americans, discrimination against those struggling to get ahead. The  question up for debate today ought to be whether or not this nominee to  head this critical office of healthcare policy is going to end that  discrimination.   Colleagues, as you think about this vote, all I can tell you is that  when you review the record--in the face of an administration moving  relentlessly to promote discrimination in healthcare--there is not a  shred of evidence that Mr. Azar is going to try to stop it, reform it,  or in any way try to make sure that those Americans--all of them--get a  fair shake.   From day one, in addition to this pattern of discrimination, the  administration has been on a campaign of sabotage against the  Affordable Care Act and the private health insurance markets. They cut  the open enrollment period in half. They slashed the advertising  budgets. They made it harder for people to sign up in person. That is  the major reason why the number of Americans without insurance coverage  increased by more than 3 million last year. Our friends and our  neighbors are one sudden illness or injury away from the nightmare of  personal bankruptcy  [[Page S493]]  as a result of the healthcare policies this administration has pursued  and cheered.   Even worse--and I touched on this yesterday--the administration is  bringing back to life junk insurance, letting fraudsters get back into  the insurance business with health plans that aren't worth the paper  they are printed on. It takes me back to my days as codirector of the  Oregon Gray Panthers. Back then, I met older people who sometimes had  15 or even 20 private insurance policies to supplement their Medicare.  Those policies were junk. Some of them were just out-and-out scams.   So the Congress passed a law. I was proud to be a part of that  bipartisan coalition to change it to protect older people. The law  worked. We drained the swamp when it came to those fraudsters ripping  off seniors. Then 8 years ago, some of the key parts of the Affordable  Care Act put consumer protections in place so that nobody of working  age would get ripped off with junk insurance. It is those policies and  those people that the Trump administration would let the fraudsters  exploit because the Trump administration wants to undo those  protections against fraudsters who are ripping off those of working  age.   They have already taken steps on what are called Association Health  Plans. Next up are short-term plans that are likely to be even worse.   What this comes down to is the Trump administration's tradition of  turning back the clock on healthcare and allowing junk insurance to  discriminate over preexisting conditions and age. This is going to be a  big test for Mr. Azar if he is confirmed.   I would just ask my colleagues: We will see if Mr. Azar is going to  look the other way and allow scam artists to peddle junk coverage, or  is he going to protect Americans who need care and health coverage they  can count on?   There is also an array of discriminatory policies with respect to  women's health. They tried to take away guaranteed no-cost access to  contraception, essentially taxing women for their gender. Fortunately,  that move has been held up in the courts. They overturned longstanding  protections dealing with States and family planning--what amounts to an  attack on a woman's right to see the doctor of her choosing and an  attack on Planned Parenthood.   They are broadening exceptions that give employers and universities  say over what healthcare women can access. When asked on these issues  during his nomination hearing, Mr. Azar said: ``We have to balance, of  course, a woman's choice of insurance that she would want with the  conscience of employers and others.'' My counter to that is absolutely  not. There is no balancing women's choices against anything. In  America, a woman's choice of healthcare ought to be her choice and  nobody else's.   In much the same way as going after women's healthcare, this  administration is permitting discrimination against LGBTQ Americans in  need of healthcare.   Then, finally, there is Medicaid. In just the last few weeks, the  administration has been giving States a green light to slap punitive,  new requirements and limitations on Americans covered by State Medicaid  Programs. This action by Health and Human Services goes after people  across the country who are working on an economic tightrope. They are  people who are taking care of kids or elderly parents or who are  struggling with a chronic condition.   These punitive new requirements aren't going to improve anybody's  healthcare. As the first waivers are coming out from the Department of  Health and Human Services, the public is learning some disturbing  details. In Kentucky, the State is introducing what sounds a lot like a  literacy test for healthcare. Nobody in this body should have to be  reminded that the history of literacy tests is an ugly and  discriminatory one. That is the wrong direction to take on healthcare.   I close by saying that the record after 1 year shows that the Trump  agenda on healthcare isn't about improving care for all Americans. The  Trump agenda on healthcare is about discrimination and ideology.   So the question, as my colleagues come over to this floor to cast  their votes, is whether the Trump administration is going to be allowed  to continue to turn back the clock and advance discrimination. Given  the opportunity to demonstrate that he would actually lead the  Department in a new direction, he came up short. So I will not support  his nomination.    Through my time in public service, back from those early days working  with the senior citizens, I have always said: Healthcare has to be a  bipartisan issue. To do healthcare right, you have to find a way to  bring people together.   If Mr. Azar is confirmed, I hope he will make his stated willingness  to listen to ideas a reality and begin to work closely with colleagues  on both sides of the aisle to actually make some changes in these key  areas I have described. From policies where we just sit on the  sidelines with our skyrocketing drug prices, to sitting out in the  fight against opioids, to allowing discrimination against women, to  rolling back the protections on Medicaid--these are issues that go  right to the heart of the health and safety of millions of Americans.   Mr. Azar certainly does not carry the ethical baggage of his  predecessor, Tom Price. The question for the Senate this afternoon-- after we have asked him again and again and again to give any examples  of how he would break with these harmful policies of the last year, we  have come up short. So I regret to say to the Senate that I am going to  oppose this nomination.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, all time is yielded back.   Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired.   The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Azar  nomination?   