 Mr. President, I reserve the right to object.   My colleague raises concerns about the effect of retaliatory tariffs  on our farmers and others. I couldn't agree more, but we should not pit  farmers against steelworkers. Only a few days after Candidate Trump  became President-elect Trump, my first correspondence with him was  about how we do trade policy in the next few years. One of the  conditions--one of the admonitions, if you will--was that you don't  play off one industry against another. You don't play off agriculture  against autos or steel or chemicals or anything else. I think my  colleagues agree that it benefits all Americans if we stop China  cheating, if we force them to play by the rules.   I would say to my colleagues today--to Senator Toomey and Senator  Corker--that I understand they have some bipartisan support on this,  but I would say that probably the worst thing you do for America's  farmers is to jeopardize passage of the farm bill today. I have spoken  with Senator Roberts and Senator Stabenow about that, and that is  exactly what this amendment would do.   The amendment would gut, most importantly, one of our trade  enforcement tools, a tool Congress passed and enhanced in the Finance  Committee just in the last couple of years to ensure we protect the  industries necessary to defend our country.   I know my colleague from Tennessee generally opposes the President's  trade agenda. I think he does that from an intellectually honest  position, but that is not justification for completely undoing a  decades-old statute that is one of the few tools we have to defend  national security interests against distortions in the global market.   The steel and aluminum tariffs the President has put in place are  long overdue actions to defend against the further shrinking of two  sectors critical to national defense. Senator Toomey knows this in the  western part of his State, as I know it in mine. I know my colleagues  agree that excess steel production capacity in China is troubling. We  are talking about a country that now has the capacity to produce half  of the world's steel, close to half of the smelt, and half of the  world's aluminum. It has affected the global market. It has made steel  overcapacity a global problem.   We know that China puts people to work because they can't afford to  have tens of millions of young men unemployed in the country. They  subsidize their energy, water, capital, and land. They have dozens of  government-owned enterprises. They want to keep their people at work.  They cheat when they do. That is very simple. We have an administration  now that is finally willing to take action and defend our highly  competitive steel industry and steel workers.   I know what a competitive steel plant looks like. I was at  ArcelorMittal in Cleveland, 7 miles from my house, only a week ago.  That is the first steel mill in the world that has been able to produce  raw steel with one person-hour of labor. Think of that, a ton of steel  produced by one person-hour. That tells you how productive our plants  are, but against China cheating and subsidizing nearly all of the  components--we simply can't do that.   The State of Tennessee, perhaps, has been lucky to avoid the  devastation brought to steel towns, like Steubenville, Yorkville,  Martins Ferry, Warren, and Lorain, all cities in Ohio, up and down the  Mon River in Pennsylvania--Senator Toomey said the same thing--all as a  result of China's excess capacity.   The shuttered steel mills and thousands of steel workers in Ohio who  lost their jobs are constant reminders for my State that this trade  enforcement action by the President was long overdue. We have to have  steel and aluminum sectors in this country to defend ourselves. It is  that simple. We will not have these critical sectors if our steel and  aluminum producers can't keep their doors open.   This section of the statute, 232, was Congress's way, some time ago,  of acknowledging there are connections between trade and national  security. Imports can undermine our national security. Congress has  recognized that for years. There should be ways for the President to  take action when that is the case.   The Corker amendment fundamentally rejects that idea and hamstrings  the President's ability to protect America's national security  interests. Even worse, the Corker amendment would immediately remove  the 232 steel and aluminum tariffs, including those on China. Why would  any colleagues vote to let China off the hook?   Just look at the bipartisan effort to pass the Foreign Investment  Risk Review Modernization Act, which passed down the hall, I believe,  with only two ``no'' votes. There is broad bipartisan support also for  ensuring that the President take a tough stance with ZTE, which he has  not been wild about doing. But for some reason, when it comes to  aluminum and steel, it is OK to let China off the hook. It makes no  sense.   I know some of my colleagues who support this amendment will say that  they would support the President's actions if they were targeted just  to China. They think the Corker amendment is necessary because the  President has applied these tariffs to our allies. But steel  overcapacity is a global problem. It needs a global solution. If we  don't take a more comprehensive action, China will cheat their way into  those other markets. Ask ArcelorMittal, ask Nucor, ask AK Steel, ask  U.S. Steel, just to name a few domestic producers we have in my State.  They have all seen the tricks China uses to work around our anti- dumping and countervailing duty laws.  [[Page S4471]]    Look at the findings of Ambassador Lighthizer's recent report on  China's intellectual property theft. He found that China was stealing  about $50 billion of intellectual property from the United States every  single year. The evidence is clear.   I don't even particularly fault China because they are acting in  their national interests. Maybe we should try to do the same thing.  China is determined to gain U.S. market share in technological  advances, and they will stop at nothing to get it.   I agree that we should work with our allies, and this administration,  to a degree, has. They have negotiated agreements with South Korea,  Brazil, Argentina, and Australia. Some of our colleagues are concerned,  rightly, about Canada and Mexico being covered by the tariffs. I share  that concern. But gutting trade enforcement is not the way to fix that.   I have worked with the administration to reach a solution through  negotiations; I encourage my colleagues to do the same. I spoke to  Ambassador Lighthizer again late last night. We are in a holding  pattern with NAFTA talks until Mexico's elections, in about a week. But  soon after that, NAFTA talks will pick right up. Steel and aluminum  tariffs will be part of that dialogue, as they should be. Because  Canada and Mexico have such close proximity to our market, they are  primary targets for Chinese transshipment. We have to guard against  that or the section 232 tariffs simply will not be effective.   I am confident an agreement with our NAFTA partners can be reached. I  hope it is reached soon. Canada and Mexico are important parts of the  North American steel supply chain. They are important partners in  making sure our efforts to address steel overcapacity are effective.   The tariffs have been effective. Just yesterday, Republic Steel  announced that one of its rolling mills in Lorain, OH, will restart in  September. In Granite City, IL, 800 steelworkers were called back to  work. The Corker amendment would threaten these new jobs and would  thwart other announcements of steel mills restarting in the United  States.   To summarize, the Corker amendment would permanently undermine a  longstanding section of statute that makes sure the United States has  the industries necessary to defend itself. It would let bad actors,  like China, off the hook, able to flood our markets with unfairly  traded steel. It disregards ongoing negotiations with our NAFTA  partners. It threatens the improvements seen in our steel and aluminum  industries since the tariffs were imposed.   For all those reasons, I object.    Madam President, I appreciate Senator Corker's comments. I  appreciate a little less those of Senator Toomey, who tried to say that  I was thinking that the People's Republic of China has an economy we  should emulate.   What I actually said--and I have seen him do this before. What I  actually said is that China's Government fights for its national  interests by putting people to work, and our trade policy, for 25  years--since NAFTA, since PNTR, since CAFTA, since South Korea, many of  them pushed by Presidents whom I have stood up for--has undermined  American national security and domestic security. So I just reject  that.   But I appreciate Senator Corker's comments about voting on this. This  is a major change in policy, with no legislative hearings, with no real  discussion or debate. It is a bit rich when the majority party talks  about our not allowing votes when, to start with, there was the Supreme  Court nominee of 3 years ago and all the times we tried to do a  transportation bill, important in our Banking Committee, as Senator  Corker knows. He wasn't really part of the obstruction, but I just find  it a bit rich.   The reason is that Senator Hatch has already said he wants to do  hearings to really understand what it would mean to roll back years of  having these trade remedies, like 232. What would it mean?   We have lost 7,000 jobs in the steel industry in my State. I don't  know the number in Western and Central Pennsylvania--in Senator  Toomey's State--but I want to move quickly on having these real  discussions and real debates. Having a vote on a bill that nobody  really understands, except it is reacting to the President's sometimes  bungled positions and attempts on trade enforcement--I share that  frustration. I am his ally on this, but I have been frustrated, too,  with the back-and-forth on which countries are in and which countries  are out.    Fundamentally, tariffs are a temporary tool. They are not a trade  policy used by the President, in this case to force a discussion and a  real policy about what to do with China's excess capacity, where half  the world's steel can be made in one country, and they put people to  work and undermine international trade laws by doing it. People in my  State have paid the price, as they have all over the country.   