 Mr. Speaker, I thank my chairman for yielding time today  on this important bill.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Alleviating Stress Test  Burdens to Help Investors Act. It rolls off the tongue to some, maybe  Bruce Poliquin's, the bill's sponsor, but it is an important thing for  us to discuss here today.   Now, hindsight bias is a very dangerous thing. It allows us to  overstate our ability to predict an outcome, and it is something that  lures us into creating a new system that while excellent at solving the  last financial crisis or the last crisis, the last event, it fails to  see the next event coming.   Now, it is not something that just fortune tellers use. It is not  something that just those with an NCAA pool would use to say that all  along they knew UMBC would beat Virginia. It is not just used there.  Here in Washington, it is done by bureaucrats that are susceptible to  these same fallacies.   So in the wake of the financial crisis, policymakers here in  Washington raced to give regulators new tools to help predict future  risks so that such a crisis would never happen again.   One of those tools was stress testing. The idea was to provide a  method to test financial firms to differentiate between solid  institutions that can weather a financial storm and those that would  need help. But this crystal ball has flaws. One of the biggest flaws is  treating all large financial firms the same, a one-size-fits-all  approach, and this includes lumping in nonbank financial firms that  don't use leverage with financial firms--bank firms--that do use  leverage.   Despite this widely understood concept that capital adequacy  standards do not fit neatly into assessing the risks of the asset  management industry, for instance, regulators have instead stuck to  their rigid methodology to try to square the circle, or circle the  square, whatever that phrase is.   Thankfully, Representative Bruce Poliquin has crafted a very solid  bill to address this truth and bring it into reality legislatively. The  stress tests built after the financial crisis do not work for nonbank  financial firms. This is a security show rather than security in fact.   Thus, in a world that constantly throws big and unexpected events our  way, understanding the limitations of  [[Page H1715]]  predicting risk is one of the most important steps we can take to avoid  future harm, and that is what this bill does. I encourage my House  colleagues to vote in support of and in favor of it.   