 Mr. President, I want to take a moment to salute my  colleagues who are departing the Senate at the conclusion of the 115th  Congress: Bob Corker of Tennessee, Jeff Flake of Arizona, Orrin Hatch  of Utah, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, Dean Heller of Nevada, Joe  Donnelly of Indiana, Claire McCaskill of Missouri, Bill Nelson of  Florida, and Jon Kyl of Arizona. All of these Members have dedicated  themselves to serving their constituents, their States, and our  country. The institution of the Senate and the Nation as a whole are  stronger because of their service and commitment.   I have been privileged to serve with each and every one of them and  want to spend a few moments thanking each of them for the wisdom and  experience they brought to their work and for their friendship.   Bob Corker and I worked on many foreign policy matters together,  given my role as ranking member on the Armed Services Committee and his  as chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee. I have appreciated  Bob's willingness to reach across the aisle in an attempt to remove  barriers to gaining bipartisan cooperation on bills and other policy  matters. I also appreciate how much Bob was willing to speak his mind  and stand up to administrations of his party and of my party over the  last several years, particularly with respect to his very astute  analysis of the situation with Russia and other major issues  confronting the United States today.   He has long focused on international development and human rights,  causes I have been glad to support alongside him, including a joint  resolution, Supporting a Diplomatic Solution in Yemen and Condemning  the Murder of Jamal Khashoggi; for promoting economic growth in  developing countries through U.S. business investment in the recently  enacted BUILD Act; and consistently fighting to end modern slavery.   We also served together on the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs  Committee. Here, too, he spent his time reaching across the aisle,  trying to find constructive solutions, and informing our work on issues  ranging from financial system reforms to housing finance.   We will miss his bipartisan spirit, and I wish Bob only the best as  he leaves the Senate.   I have also had the privilege and pleasure to join with Jeff Flake in  many moments; last week, we were at an event together honoring the late  Senator John McCain. He reminisced about the times he worked with John  on key policies that aimed to put our country over party politics.   He worked hard to resolve tough issues like immigration reform and  protecting the special counsel investigation, and his preferred route  to addressing these challenges was not to increase the heated rhetoric  but to turn down the volume of the debate, so all sides could be heard  and so the Senate could try to move forward in a rational and  bipartisan way.   Just as with Bob Corker, Jeff's approach will be missed in this body.  I hope others on both sides of the aisle will recognize what they have  done and take up their mantle.   Orrin Hatch has long served the people of Utah with distinction as  chairman of three committees: Finance, Judiciary and what was once  called the Labor Committee but is now the HELP Committee. He worked  across the aisle to pass landmark laws, often with his friend Senator  Ted Kennedy. He was instrumental in passing critical laws, like  expanding access to healthcare for children through the CHIP program  and providing help to those suffering with HIV/AIDS through the Ryan  White CARE Act.   I was pleased to have the opportunity to work with him in 2005, 2010,  and 2015 to reauthorize the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act, to  build upon and improve the National Marrow Donor Program and the  National Cord Blood Inventory to better treat diseases and expand  access to lifesaving therapies.   Most recently, he helped enact the Music Modernization Act, which I  know meant a lot to him, given his own musical interests and talents.   He ends his service here as the Senate's President pro tempore. I  wish him health and happiness in his retirement. I think his retirement  will be just as active as his days in the U.S. Senate, given his  personality and also given his determination to serve wherever he is.   Heidi Heitkamp, as she put it ``beat the odds'' to get here. A breast  cancer survivor, the lesson she learned from that experience is to use  the time she has been given for ``good and noble purposes.'' She  ``chose for good or for bad to come to the United States Senate'' and  has served a noble purpose with noble action.   We are so grateful that she did. Heidi has been a tireless champion  of North Dakota throughout her time in the Senate. She worked hard to  advance opportunities for Native Americans and veterans, to boost  funding for flood protection, and to secure the northern border, to  name just a few.   She and I worked together on the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs  Committee. Most recently, I was particularly appreciative of her  insight on proxy access and her support for my legislation on this  matter, S. 3614, the Corporate Governance Fairness Act.   Heidi has also been a relentless advocate for a functioning Export- Import Bank, an issue critical to many North Dakotans. Her voice and  insight will be missed on this issue and so many others that come  before the banking committee.   In addition, over the last 2 years, Heidi has taken on the issue of  maternal mortality rates in our country. More women in the United  States die from pregnancy-related complications than in most developed  nations, and the number is increasing. This has impacted so many  families in North Dakota and across the country, and Heidi has worked  across the aisle to put forth solutions. In the coming days, we expect  President Trump to sign into law her legislation, which I was  privileged to cosponsor, to help address this issue. I salute her and  wish her the best.   Dean Heller and I worked together with a great deal of energy and  commitment when both of our States and our Nation were in deep crisis  in the aftermath of the Great Recession. Nevada and Rhode Island took  turns having the sad distinction of the highest  [[Page S7855]]  unemployment levels in the country. We worked to ensure extensions of  emergency unemployment assistance in order to provide relief to  Americans who lost their jobs through no fault of their own.   Our work together was of great importance, and I wish him the best in  all of his future endeavors.   I want to turn my attention to three Members I had the privilege to  work with and serve with on the Armed Services Committee.   Joe Donnelly has been the ranking member of the Strategic Forces  Subcommittee. He chose this position because of the Navy's installation  in Indiana called the Naval Surface Warfare Center--Crane. This  installation serves as the primary engineering center for the Navy's  Strategic Systems Program, which manages our fleet of ballistic missile  weapons systems. I had the chance to join Joe on a visit, and I was  most impressed with their capabilities but more impressed with his  tireless efforts to ensure that this facility--and indeed all of  Indiana--had the very best.   In addition to ensuring our men and women in uniform have the  resources and tools they need--like those manufactured in Crane--Joe  has always been concerned about caring for veterans and is a well-known  advocate for suicide prevention programs. Indeed, it was his  legislation, more than any others, that helped establish a program to  assist veterans and to assist Active-Duty personnel who are coping with  suicidal tendencies. That was something Joe did with great passion and  great commitment and great success.   Joe assumed the seat that Senator Richard Lugar previously held and  carried on the legacy of Senator Lugar's Cooperative Threat Reduction  Program into the future, which today continues to secure stocks of  nuclear, chemical, and biological agents around the world. His work on  reducing stockpiles of these dangerous weapons is a critical component  of making the world safer for generations to come.   Joe Donnelly has done great work here, and I wish him well. He is a  gentleman and someone I admire and respect immensely.   I have also been extremely proud to serve alongside Claire McCaskill  on the Armed Services Committee. Claire has been a leader of the Senate  effort to prevent and respond to sexual assault in our military. She  was a principal cosponsor of the Victims Protection Act, a bipartisan  package of reforms that represent a substantial leap forward in  preventing and responding to sexual assaults in the military. It is a  testament to Claire's determination and hard work that these laws are  in place, but, also, she was the first to recognize that our work is  not done. She was continually involved in ensuring that whatever  legislative initiatives we passed were actually implemented. That work  is ongoing, and Claire's efforts have given us a strong foundation to  continue those efforts.   In addition to the Victims Protection Act, Claire led the effort to  reform management of Arlington National Cemetery to address significant  problems with the burials of servicemembers and helped to establish a  single agency responsible for POW-MIA recovery and accounting efforts.   Claire has also worked tirelessly to end wasteful wartime contracting  practices, following in the footsteps of another Missouri Senator and  one of her political heroes, President Harry S. Truman. Claire has been  a steadfast advocate for oversight throughout her career, and her work  to root out waste and strengthen accountability has made a difference  in how effectively the government works for the American people.   Again, I wish her well in the future and know it will be a future  that is also committed to service to others.   Bill Nelson has been a close and valued colleague for many years in  the Armed Services Committee. He is the only Senator to have flown in  space and, as a result, has been our acknowledged expert, to both  Republicans and Democrats, on matters pertaining to space. His  knowledge of military and civilian space issues was particularly  important during our debate on replacing the Russian RD-180 rocket  engine, which is used in a number of national security launches, with a  U.S. variant. That debate, along with his leadership on NASA  reauthorization legislation, has introduced competition for space  launch to a wide array of new companies. As a nation, we are much  better off for his efforts. Because of Senator Nelson's leadership, we  now have a vibrant and entrepreneurial launch and satellite industry  that reaches well outside the traditional national security realm and  is lowering the cost of access to space.   Recently, he took on the cyber mission as the ranking member on the  Cybersecurity Subcommittee. His steady hand was integral in guiding  this new subcommittee during a time in which we face countless cyber  threats. We will miss his knowledge and leadership as we debate  pressing issues of our national security in the next Congress and  Congresses to come.   He has also done able work as the lead Democrat on the Commerce  Committee, fighting for consumers. And, as a strong advocate for  stricter gun control legislation, we worked together on the 3D Printed  Gun Safety Act of 2018 and on the Extreme Risk Protection Order and  Violence Prevention Act.   I also want to thank him for his leadership in enacting the Military  Lending Act in 2006, which caps the annual interest rate for an  extension of consumer credit to a servicemember or his or her  dependents at 36 percent. Because of his efforts, servicemembers and  their families have strong consumer protections that defend them  against unscrupulous lenders who unpatriotically prey upon them while  they are selflessly and courageously defending our Nation. He has done  a remarkable job because this legislation truly does protect our  protectors--those men and women who serve overseas--so they are not  taken advantage of here, back at home.   I enjoyed our time serving together and wish him the best as he goes  forward. He is a great American.   Finally, I would like to recognize Senator Jon Kyl. I thank Jon for  his willingness to serve again following the passing of Senator John  McCain.   I had the privilege of serving with him in his prior stint in this  body. He served for many years in Republican leadership, including as  minority whip. He was also a longstanding member of the Finance  Committee. I was not on this committee, but given my advocacy for  extending unemployment insurance--for which there was a critical need  at the time--I did have a chance to serve with him on the Conference  Committee for the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012.   It was a pleasure to serve with him. He is a man of principle, a man  of great decency and dignity, someone who has honored the Senate with  his service, honored Arizona with his service, and makes us all very  proud to know him. It was indeed a pleasure to serve, all too briefly,  with him as a member of the Armed Services Committee.   I would like to thank him for his service and wish him well as he  leaves this body once more. To all my colleagues, I give them my  greatest respect and admiration for their service to their States, to  the Senate, and to the United States of America.   I yield the floor.   