 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to highlight the positive impacts  our historic tax reform law will have on the agricultural community.   Agriculture is Arkansas' largest industry by far, adding $16 billion  to our economy every year and accounting for approximately one in every  six jobs. We are the top rice-producing State in the Nation, No. 2 in  the Nation in broiler chicken production, and the third largest  producer of catfish in the United States. We could also clothe and  shelter ourselves from fiber grown in Arkansas, as we are the third in  the Nation in cotton production and the fifth largest softwood lumber- producing State. You could keep going down the list, and you would find  Arkansas as one of the Nation's top 10 producers of a number of  agricultural commodities.   Clearly, ensuring that Washington helps create an economic  environment that allows the agricultural industry to thrive is  extremely important to my home State of Arkansas. When President Trump  signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act into law, his signature provided much  needed tax relief to America's farmers. More than 94 percent of farms  are organized as passthrough businesses, which means they are impacted  by the same tax provisions as individual filers. Lower tax rates across  the board and a 20-percent deduction from their taxable income means  immediate savings, which can be reinvested to help grow their  operations.   Ninety seven percent of the farms in Arkansas are family owned, and  the vast majority of them will now be exempt from the estate tax--the  death tax. This is a big deal. It will help keep those farms and  ranches in the family for generations to come.   Finally, farmers and ranchers will be able to expense 100 percent of  their capital investments, such as equipment, over the next 4 years. In  his address to the Farm Bureau earlier this week, the President called  this the ``sleeper'' in the bill. He is right. People don't realize and  there hasn't been enough talk about how beneficial this provision will  be for our family-run agricultural operations. The substance of the  President's Farm Bureau speech tilted heavily toward our efforts to  bring stability and predictability to the economy.   As we have witnessed over the course of the previous administration,  uncertainty is devastating to our economy. There are few industries  that are inherently more affected by uncertainty than agriculture. This  is why we have taken steps to eliminate some of the punitive, needless  regulations that create uncertainty for our farmers and our ranchers.   It is also why my colleagues and I on the Agriculture Committee,  under the steadfast leadership of Chairman Roberts, are working hard to  reauthorize the farm bill. Programs are authorized by the farm bill  that are absolutely vital to farmers, ranchers, and consumers. These  programs will provide more certainty in rural America to address the  challenges ahead. Finally, it is why we took great care to ensure that  the agricultural industry will see the benefits of tax reform.  Establishing a tax code that works for our farmers and ranchers, as  opposed to against them, is vital to their ability to plan for the  future and invigorate our rural communities.   I am proud of our efforts to pass this landmark tax reform law, and I  am  [[Page S124]]  confident it will have lasting, positive effects for our economy.   With that, I yield back.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   