 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for  yielding me some time this afternoon.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3281, the Reclamation  Title Transfer and Non-Federal Infrastructure Incentivization Act,  which is offered by my friend from Colorado, Chairman Lamborn.   This legislation brings commonsense streamlining efforts to the  Bureau or Reclamation to transfer Federal water projects to local water  entities like irrigation districts and local water user associations.   Reclamation, or BOR, is the Nation's largest wholesale water  supplier, providing one out of five Western farmers with irrigation  water for over 10 million farmland acres that produce 60 percent of the  Nation's vegetables and a quarter of its fresh fruit crops.   These projects in water districts are vital to my district in central  Washington, where we grow over 300 different crops, including the  iconic Washington apple--hopefully, you have enjoyed some of those--or  Washington cherries, potatoes, and three-quarters of the Nation's hops  production.   Reclamation's assets in Washington include 16 dams, three hydropower  stations, four major water projects, and miles and miles of canals,  which deliver water to the end users.   There are currently two water districts in central Washington seeking  title to sections of Federal water projects--the Kennewick Irrigation  District, the KID, and the Greater Wenatchee Irrigation District--both  of which, for many years, have managed and maintained these important  water delivery systems.   Now, this legislation would provide a streamlined process to transfer  reclamation facilities to those local entities, which includes a number  of benefits for the water users, but also a number of benefits to the  Federal Government.   This streamlined process can reduce regulatory burden at the local  and the State and Federal levels by cutting unnecessary paperwork and  reducing staff time at all levels of government.   Additionally, through this process, local districts can take full  control of these projects, which they already maintain and manage. By  authorizing this streamlining process, local districts can leverage  private financing through their ownership, which further reduces the  Federal Government's spending and backlog of repairing and upgrading  these projects.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation provides a win-win solution for the  Federal Government and for the water users. These projects have been in  place for many years, but Reclamation has been inundated and  overwhelmed by some of the needs for a growing population and for water  users. Local communities need this support.   Mr. Speaker, I was speaking with some of my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle just yesterday about this legislation, and they  shared with me that they were worried that this was simply the  privatization of Federal water projects and properties within  Reclamation, but this is just not the case. This legislation simply  allows the Department of the Interior to convey certain projects or  facilities to these local entities, like irrigation districts, Indian  Tribes, or State and local municipalities. This has nothing to do with  selling off water assets to corporations.   Additionally, the entity receiving the assets must use them for the  same purposes as intended by Reclamation. The transfer cannot have a  significant effect on the environment, and the receiving entity must  agree to provide the Federal Government with the equivalent present  value of any repayment obligations.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation streamlines water uses for local  communities while reducing government waste and burdensome regulations.  It is simply a win-win for the American people. I look forward to  voting in support of this legislation, and I encourage all of my  colleagues to do the same.    