 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, 17 years ago, two planes crashed into the World Trade  Center in my district, killing thousands of people. A third plane  slammed into the Pentagon, and a fourth plane, likely destined for the  very Capitol complex in which we now stand, was brought down by a group  of courageous passengers in a field in Shanksville, Pennsylvania.   As I do today, I represented Ground Zero on September 11, 2001. I was  at the World Trade Center 4 hours after the towers fell. The scene was  horrible: fire, smoke, debris, human remains, and twisted metal created  an apocalyptic scene. Dust and debris filled the air, but even in that  moment of deep despair and overwhelming horror, I saw signs of hope.   Firefighters, police, and emergency medical technicians traveled to  Lower Manhattan from around the country. Steel workers, construction  workers, and hundreds of other men and women rushed to the pile to  help. As the last fires were extinguished, 99 days after the attack,  and the last pieces of metal were removed from Ground Zero, those  feelings of hope, perseverance, and solidarity remained.   In the years since the attacks, I have been grateful and inspired by  how Congress has come together to help rebuild New York, and I have  worked with my colleagues to support the responders, survivors, and  families of the victims.   In 2010, Congress passed, and in 2015 reauthorized, the James Zadroga  9/11 Health and Compensation Act. More than 88,000 9/11 responders and  survivors have enrolled in the program to receive healthcare and  support for 9/11-related illnesses. The law has also provided over $4.3  billion in compensation to responders and survivors through the Victim  Compensation Fund, a program that Congress will have to reauthorize in  the coming years.   In addition to making our responders and survivors whole, Congress  invested millions of dollars to help rebuild Lower Manhattan. One World  Trade Center now fills the hole left in our skyline when the towers  fell, and businesses shattered after the attack are reopened and  thriving. In what was once the shadow of the towers, there now stands a  comprehensive museum dedicated to sharing stories of September 11th and  the bravery of those who risked everything to protect their fellow  Americans that day.   In place of the smoking hole I saw day after day in Lower Manhattan,  there now sits a somber and inspiring memorial. It is a site of  remembrance and hope; a place for every American to come and reflect on  what happened that September morning, and to renew our promise, never  to forget the events of that day.   It is the national memorial for a national tragedy. Similarly,  memorials built at the Pentagon and in Shanksville, Pennsylvania,  provide places to remember and reflect, solemn reminders of the tragedy  and bravery we saw on September 11th. That is why I am pleased to  cosponsor legislation introduced by my colleague from New Jersey which  will create a competitive grant program to provide Federal support for  security operations and maintenance for 9/11 memorials.   This legislation will help ensure the memorials continue to provide  sacred and inspiring spots, accessible to millions of visitors for  generations to come.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the bipartisan support of the members of  the Natural Resources Committee and the House leadership for bringing  the bill to the floor today. I urge my colleagues to support this bill,  and to achieve our shared goal of providing a memorial that allows our  Nation to mourn, to reflect, and to renew our promises never to forget  September 11th.   