 Mr. Speaker, as an emergency medicine physician, I know  firsthand what this devastating opioid crisis does to families, to  individuals, to children, to parents. I have taken care of many who  have come in overdosed, blue in the face, not breathing, many of which  I have been resuscitated successfully and a few tragic losses along the  way.   I know that many of them rely on being able to get the treatment  whenever we are able to convince them to get treatment, but one of the  biggest concerns that they have is: How much is this going to cost?   Many of them rely on Medicaid to be able to take advantage of some of  the rehabilitation and the medication-assisted treatments that are  offered to them. But, unfortunately, many of them, being uninsured, are  unable to do so, and so then they repeat the cycle of abuse and misuse,  and unfortunately, again, they present themselves overdosed in the  emergency department.   I have an article here that sheds light on the importance of  Medicaid. I bring Medicaid up because I feel like we are taking a few  good steps forward in this opioid crisis, but we are missing the big  picture when we have to defend Medicaid over and over again. Up to 45  percent of opioid-addicted patients rely on Medicaid to get their  opioid rehab or misuse treatments to get back on steady footing.   There is an article here that I brought by Alana Sharp, et al., that  was published in the May 2018 American Journal of Public Health,  entitled: ``Impact of Medicaid Expansion on Access to Opioid Analgesic  Medications and Medication-Assisted Treatment.''   Basically, by using Medicaid enrollment and reimbursement data from  2011 to 2016 in all States, they evaluated prescribing patterns of  opioids and the three FDA-approved medications used in treating opioid  use disorders by using two statistical models--I won't bore you with  which ones they used--and they found that although opioid prescribing  for Medicaid enrollees increased overall, they observed no difference  between expansion and nonexpansion. These are States that expanded  Medicaid.   By contrast, per enrollee rates of buprenorphine and naltrexone  prescribed increased more than 200 percent after States expanded  eligibility, meaning that States that expanded Medicaid increased  medication-assisted treatments for opioid misuse disorders by 200  percent. That means it works. That means when people get Medicaid, they  use their Medicaid insurance to help get off of their dependency on  opioids.   In the States that did not expand Medicaid, only less than 50 percent  expansion of use.     Mr. Speaker, the States that didn't expand their Medicaid  enrollment, you saw that there continued to be a disparity of patients  between those States and States that expanded their Medicaid in their  ability to seek treatment.   So when we attempt to cut Medicaid in order to pay for the tax breaks  we gave millionaires and billionaires, when we continue down that  terrible path--or, I should say, government continues down that  terrible path--to repeal the Medicaid expansion, which we must protect,  then we are hurting patients. We are not providing them with tools that  they need to get access to treatment.   The other big picture here is that mental health and emergency care  payments are part of the essential health benefits. We have just passed  experiences where we had to defend keeping these essential health  benefits within the Affordable Care Act from being repealed.   We know that those patients who go to the emergency department at  their last wits' end or that are suffering from overdose or severe side  effects from misuse of the opioid medication, then they won't be  covered if we repeal those essential health benefits.   And then, finally, having an addiction is a chronic condition. It is  a mental health disorder with addiction characteristics, and this can  be considered a preexisting illness.   We have States that are trying to repeal this through litigation. And  when the government decides not to defend those protections for people  with preexisting illnesses, they basically agree with those that want  to repeal it and allow and facilitate the case to repeal those  protections for preexisting illnesses. If that happens and if they are  successful in doing so, that means that insurance companies can deny  those who are addicted to opioids the insurance.   So I just want to keep the big picture in mind as we go forward that  taking 2 steps forward doesn't justify taking 10 steps backwards.   