 Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. Thompson).    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Mississippi for,  one, chronicling the legacy and untimely death of Medgar Evers, a  favorite son of Mississippi and civil rights hero, and also for his  personal remarks on how he inspired him.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, while I was born 15 years after the untimely  death of Mr. Medgar Evers, we live in a more just and perfect union as  a result of his sacrifices.   So I thank his sacrifices and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr.  Thompson) for bringing this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, S. 35 transfers jurisdiction of approximately 200 acres  of public land from the Bureau of Land Management to the National  Cemetery Administration to extend the Black Hills National Cemetery.   Burial in a national cemetery is open to all members of the Armed  Forces who have met a minimum of Active Duty service requirement and  were discharged under certain conditions. BLM offered their general  support for this bill when it was considered during a Senate hearing.   Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill that honors our Nation's fallen  heroes who fought to protect the freedoms we enjoy today, and I urge my  colleagues to join me in supporting passage of this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the gentlewoman from South Dakota on her  hard work on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   First, I want to congratulate the chairman on having a productive  committee. I appreciate that one of those bills was from our own  office. We will keep them coming, hopefully.   Back to the bill at hand. Almost 200 years ago, the Indian  Nonintercourse Act was enacted with the intention of protecting Indian  tribes by preventing the loss of their lands. It does so by preventing  the transfer, sale, lease, or other conveyance of any land owned by an  Indian tribe to third parties without Federal approval. This  prohibition applies to both trust and tribally owned fee lands.   Although a number of laws have been passed over the centuries that  effectively supersede the Nonintercourse Act, the actual act has never  been repealed. Therefore, relief from the act is sometimes necessary so  that a tribe may manage their fee lands efficiently and put them to  productive use.   This is what S. 1285 would do. It clarifies that these seven Oregon  tribes have the authority to lease, sell, convey, warrant, or otherwise  transfer their tribally owned fee lands without approval from the  Federal Government. The bill also clarifies that this authority does  not apply to trust lands. Congress has previously enacted similar laws  for other Indian tribes, so this measure is not unprecedented.   In closing, I want to thank our colleague from Oregon, Congressman  Peter DeFazio, for his sponsorship of the House version of this bill  and his leadership on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill.  I have no other speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   H.R. 1417 will allow the National Law Enforcement Museum to display  firearms associated with the history of law enforcement in the United  States. This bill was developed in cooperation with the Bureau of  Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms to ensure that the museum is authorized  to display these items without jeopardizing public safety.   The National Law Enforcement Enforcement Museum was authorized by  Congress in 2000, and is scheduled to open in Washington, D.C., later  this year.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring the brave  men and women in uniform who keep us safe every day by supporting this  bill, and I share Congressman Young's concern about making sure that we  are honoring our fellow law enforcement officers.   It was just this past year that we lost several law enforcement  officers from central Florida, including in my district. On Sunday, I  found myself going to the Law Enforcement Memorial to plant a rose next  to the picture of one of our fallen officers, Lieutenant Clayton, whom  we lost this past year. She was also a dear friend of Congresswoman  Demings.   In addition, we lost Sergeant Howard and Officer Baxter of the  Kissimmee Police Department, who were killed in the line of duty this  past year. We also honor them.   These are opportunities for us to remember that these officers put  their lives on the line every day to make sure that we are safe.  Sergeant Howard, Officer Baxter, and Lieutenant Clayton faced dangers,  and we need to memorialize them.   We also lost Deputy Norman Lewis from Orange County, as well, who  served under Sheriff Jerry Demings, husband of Congresswoman Demings.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, just to close, I would like to take a moment to remember  Sergeant Howard, Officer Baxter, Lieutenant Clayton, and Deputy Lewis,  who lost their lives this past year protecting our communities in  Orlando and Kissimmee. I also appreciate Mr. Young from Alaska for  putting forth this bill and the chairman for managing the bill today.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   