 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of Chairman Goodlatte's  balanced budget amendment.   Clearly, the status quo here in Congress is failing the American  people, and real change is needed. Our budget process is broken, and a  balanced budget amendment is exactly the mechanism we need to force the  decisions to get our fiscal house in order.   Congress has passed more than 100 continuing resolutions just in the  last 20 years. We move from one continuing resolution and one omnibus  to the next.   I knew when I came to Congress that the Federal budget process wasn't  working as intended. From the outside, it doesn't look good. Now having  served on the Budget Committee for more than a year, I can say it  doesn't look any better from the inside.   The latest omnibus supported a number of provisions, like funding our  military, fighting the opioid epidemic, agricultural reform, school  safety measures, measures that I support, but these priorities can and  must be achieved in a fiscally responsible manner that doesn't grow the  size of the Federal Government.   How do I know we can achieve that? Because we took steps in that  direction on the Budget Committee. Last year, the committee passed a  budget that would balance in 10 years. It was a fiscally responsible  path towards funding critical government programs, but that budget  isn't enforceable and no one is accountable.   So I think the first step is to pass this balanced budget amendment  here in the House. It is long past time that Congress finally put an  end to irresponsible spending, saddling our children and grandchildren  with an insurmountable debt.   This amendment would make balancing the budget the norm rather than  the exception. It would codify Congress' responsibility to be good  stewards of taxpayer dollars.   There are numerous proposals to reform our Federal budget process,  some that I have introduced myself, but I believe this amendment would  be the most meaningful budget and spending reform that we could enact.  It works for the States, it works in Pennsylvania, and it will work for  Washington.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Goodlatte for his leadership. Every  Congress since 2007, he has introduced this amendment to balance our  Federal Government. It is an important effort and one that he has led.   