 Madam President, I rise today to talk about an issue of  deep importance to our country and my fellow Alabamians, and I follow  my colleague, Senator Lankford, who spoke with such eloquence on  national security.   This week, we are debating the National Defense Authorization Act,  which funds our Nation's defense programs for the coming year. Like  Senator Lankford, I want to thank Chairman McCain and Ranking Member  Reed for their work on this incredible and important legislation, as  well as Senator Inhofe. He has done such yeoman's work in Senator  McCain's absence.   This bill has tremendous implications for our country, both abroad  and here at home. In Alabama, we know all too well about the need for  national security and a good economy. From Redstone Arsenal in  Huntsville to Fort Rucker, from Maxwell Air Force Base to the Anniston  Army Depot and all of our Reserve and National Guard men and women in  the State of Alabama--they are on the frontlines. In addition to the  tens of thousands of civilians who support their work--Alabama is home  to a first-class workforce that supports our national security mission  every single day. So it only makes sense that this legislation  continues to support the work of Alabamians and includes a well- deserved 2.6-percent pay raise for our troops.   Just as important, it also includes funds for the Missile Defense  Agency at Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville. It increases space defense  funding, which is so important to our Air Force. It authorizes 75 F-35  Joint Strike Fighter aircraft, some of which will be stationed at  Maxwell Air Force Base in Montgomery. It provides what Senator Lankford  talked about a moment ago--14 KC-46 refueling aircraft. I hope the Air  Force will put a few of those in Birmingham for our fantastic Alabama  Air National Guard, which supports so many missions around the world.   There are many more resources to ensure that our Nation's defenders  are always mission-ready, and we could go on and on.  [[Page S3877]]    I am pleased that this legislation takes care of so many of the  priorities for our military, our defense, and Alabama. I certainly plan  to vote for this bill, and I commend all of those who have worked so  hard to make it happen. That doesn't mean there aren't still ways we  can improve this bill.   As some may know, Alabama is also home to thousands of talented  welders, mechanics, and other trades men and women who build the  helicopters and ships that carry our troops around the world to defend  the United States and our interests. Not only are these vehicles  important for an effective and responsive military, but they also  support good American jobs.   One of those ships is the littoral combat ship, many of which are  built in Mobile, AL, including the USS Manchester, which was delivered  to the Navy just last month. The LCS continues to prove its value to  our Nation's defense and our military, which is why I am a little  disappointed that the bill we are debating this week includes only a  single LCS, which is pictured here behind me. Many of them are made in  Mobile, AL. Not only did the President reiterate just last week at the  Naval Academy his goal of growing our Navy to 355 ships, this program  also puts to work about 1,000 different suppliers across 41 States.  That translates into countless American jobs.   I have seen these ships being built firsthand, and it is a tremendous  production, state-of-the-art. During my first recess State work period  back home in February, I went aboard the Manchester just before its  commission, and I saw firsthand how these ships are being made and the  incredible opportunities down there. To build ships like the  Manchester, it takes 4,000 skilled workers to support the effort each  day. That is 4,000 American jobs.   Right now, back home in Mobile, they are hard at work on the  production lines to build littoral combat ships and the expeditionary  fast transport ships, such as the USNS Trenton, which recently gave  assistance to mariners in distress in the Mediterranean.   By not recognizing the importance of the LCS to our Nation's  security, we hurt the long-term viability of the workforce in Alabama  and all of the suppliers across 41 other States. To some extent, we  don't recognize their importance to our national security, and we are  not doing all we can as a Congress to support our national security  efforts.   The Navy's future frigate, which Alabama stands ready to support,  won't come online for a few more years, so those 4,000 workers in South  Alabama need to keep working, not just sit tight and wait to be  employed again in 2021. They need to work now. They need to continue  the lines to make sure we have seamless transition.   Alabama, American jobs, national security--these are just a few of  the reasons I sponsored an amendment to add a single LCS ship to this  extremely important piece of legislation.   I would strongly urge my colleagues who will be in conference on this  bill to increase the resources for the LCS program in the final package  that will come before this body. The House version actually contains  three LCS ships. So, as I have said so many times on this floor and in  other places throughout this city and in these offices, I hope we can  find common ground to build at least one, maybe two, more ships that  are so important to our security and the Navy.   Let me be clear. This isn't just about ships; this needs to be  considered in terms of long-term goals for our military. We need to  build the ships that the Navy needs to do its job, we need to keep our  production lines ready to go for future products, and we need to  maintain the American jobs that make these efforts possible.   This really isn't rocket science. Our national security strategy and  the economic stability of our country go hand in hand. Alabamians are  proof-positive of that, given our long history of supplying military  personnel and other aspects of our national security to help our  military throughout the years.   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and maintain a robust  LCS production posture that supports our national security and economic  interests.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   