 Mr. President, when we passed tax reform late last year,  we knew it would be a win for American workers and for the American  economy. This win for our workers and families was long overdue after  so many years of sluggish wage growth.   Americans will see tax cuts very soon. They will be reflected in  their paychecks next month. But tax reform is already making a positive  difference. The response from our job creators--both small and large  job creators--has been overwhelming. Some 164 companies so far,  spanning industry sectors and geographical boundaries, have announced  employee bonuses, higher minimum wages, better benefits, new jobs,  charitable deductions, charitable donations, and new investments.  According to Americans for Tax Reform, well more than 2 million  Americans will benefit from these bonuses. The National Federation of  Independent Business says that the tax cuts for our small businesses-- the bread and butter of our economy--will amount to hundreds of  millions of dollars.   I want to take a moment today to highlight how some of these job  creators are giving back to the hard-working citizens of my State. They  include Mississippi's single largest private employer, Walmart, which  has announced that it is raising its starting wage rate for hourly  employees to $11. Walmart is also expanding its maternity and parental  leave benefits, as well as giving employee bonuses, as a result of the  new tax bill. BancorpSouth, headquartered in my hometown of Tupelo, MS,  has announced that it will give back to employees through pay raises or  bonuses. In fact, BancorpSouth says it plans to invest more than $10  million into the employees who work in its 234 locations across  Mississippi and seven other Southern States. Another bank based in  Tupelo, MS, Renasant, has announced that it will invest its tax savings  in its 2,000 employees.   Nationally, AT&T is giving $1,000 bonuses to 200,000 employees. So  are Bank of America, American Airlines, Boeing, and Comcast. And I  could go on and on and on with bonuses benefiting hundreds of thousands  of employees.   Other Americans will get new jobs. Last month, television station  WLOX on the gulf coast of Mississippi reported that the Half Shell  Oyster House plans to use its tax savings to open new restaurants and  hire more employees. Isn't this what we want? Isn't this what we  predicted? And isn't it wonderful to see this come to fruition? Kevin  Fish, a co-owner, told the news station: ``We've passed up on  opportunities in the past that we wouldn't have passed up on had we had  this tax structure.''   Millions of Americans might also see lower energy bills from  investor-owned utilities. Utility companies across the country,  including in Mississippi, are discussing how the law can help them  lower energy costs for our consumers.   The message is clear across my State, across every State, and across  this country: The more money our job creators can save and the more  money they don't have to send to Washington in the first place, the  more they can invest in the future of their businesses and the well- being of their employees. And this is proving true every day and will  continue. These are the opportunities we do not want our job creators  to pass up. With every bonus, every pay raise, every expanded benefit,  every lower energy bill, American families will have more money in  their budgets to spend on the things they need most.   Thank you to the leadership of the President and the leadership of  the House and Senate for giving this outstanding benefit to the  families, the workers, and the job creators of the United States of  America.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.   