 Mr. President, it is with mixed emotions that I stand today  to honor my friend, my colleague, and my mentor, the senior Senator,  the Senator from Utah, Orrin Hatch.   This year marks the end of an outstanding 42-year tenure serving the  people of Utah in the U.S. Senate. In that time, Senator Hatch has made  an indelible mark on our State, on the U.S. Senate, and on this Nation.   People who follow Washington politics closely know, of course, what  he has meant to this institution and also to his party, to his State,  and to the Republic. But for those of us from Utah, Orrin Hatch is more  than just a prominent name in the news; he is a towering political  figure, not only of his generation but also of the generations that  have come along in his wake and that will follow.   Many Utahns can't remember a time before Orrin Hatch was serving,  leading, and speaking out for us in Washington. One of the great  privileges of my young life was the opportunity to serve as his page  when I was a teenager. He was then, as now, one of the leaders of the  Senate--not only a political role model but a role model, period;  outspoken but always thoughtful;  [[Page S7469]]  honest but always gentle; tough when he had to be and kind even when he  didn't have to be.   One of my fondest memories of Senator Hatch was something that  occurred a couple of years after I was his page. I was maybe 18 years  old or so. I was in Salt Lake City attending the semiannual General  Conference of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in the  tabernacle at Temple Square. I happened to be sitting with my family-- with my parents and siblings--just a row behind Senator Hatch and his  family.   Toward the end of the meeting, it was time for Senator Hatch to catch  his plane to go back to Washington, where he was representing our State  so faithfully. When he turned around and saw me there, he stopped,  recognizing me. He took the cuff links right off of his shirt--they had  the seal of the U.S. Senate on them--and he handed them to me as a  gift. I felt like and was at that moment the luckiest kid in the world.  I felt just like a rock star had handed me his guitar after a sold-out  concert. That is how I felt at the conference that day.   Of course, Orrin Hatch's career stretches back much further than  that. In 1976, the political landscape of the United States was very  different than it is today. We were plagued at that time with double- digit inflation, high interest rates, growing unemployment, and a  diminishing military. America was still reeling from the war in Vietnam  and from the Watergate scandal.   At the same time, Congress was rapidly expanding the Federal budget  with little or no regard for the future debt it was racking up.  Washington was governed by the belief that government was the answer to  every problem and that ordinary Americans could not be trusted to make  decisions by themselves.   It was in this environment that Orrin Hatch, without any previous  political experience, without having held previous political office or,  according to experts, much chance of success, stepped up, and he  stepped up in a very big way.   As he wrote in one of his memoirs, ``I could not escape the powerful  and persistent belief that my state and country were in serious  trouble, headed down a dangerous and destructive path, and that if  given a chance, I could make a difference. I felt it was my duty, my  responsibility, to run and at least give voice to my concerns and my  ideas for remedying what was wrong. It was my obligation to give the  voters another choice.''   So Orrin--the son of a tradesman, who grew up during the Great  Depression in a ramshackle house built from recycled lumber--did just  that. He defied the pundits, and he took the plunge. From his first  campaign in 1976, Orrin understood that Utahns wanted the country to go  in a different direction, and he was ready to offer his service and the  full energy of his heart and devotion to that noble cause. Against all  odds and with a whole lot of work from Orrin, from his family, and from  his faithful band of supporters, Hatch beat the incumbent Democrat by a  solid margin. Thus began his long and now famous career in the Senate  and his many years of striving to serve the interests of Utah and the  Nation. For more than four decades, Orrin has not only been engaging in  the great debates of his time, he has been leading them.   As I see it, the thread that runs through Senator Hatch's politics is  trust--his trust in the American people, his trust in the Constitution  of the United States, his trust in this great institution that is the  U.S. Senate. That trust of consumers, producers, workers, and families  is why he is such an effective advocate for the free enterprise  economy. It is why he sponsored a balanced budget amendment to the U.S.  Constitution some 17 times and whence his nickname ``Mr. Balanced  Budget'' from Ronald Reagan originated.   In shepherding the historic tax reform law we passed last year,  Senator Hatch adopted an inclusive, open-minded approach that succeeded  specifically because he trusted his colleagues, because he invited them  into the process and he allowed them to make their own mark on that  legislation. He trusted his colleagues, and it worked.   His work in the 1980s helping to create the modern generic drug  industry was based on the same principle--trusting the American people  and the American economy to make good decisions for individuals, for  families, and for their healthcare.   We all know the honors and accolades. They include President pro  tempore and being a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom. But  Orrin would be the first to tell you that the real legislative legacy  he leaves behind is the work of a Senator who has sponsored more bills  that have become law than any other lawmaker alive today. Look at the  stamp he leaves on the Senate Judiciary Committee alone, for example.  Not just landmark legislation like the Religious Freedom Restoration  Act, which guarantees robust protections for all Americans to live,  work, and worship according to their beliefs--this legislation itself  leaves behind a solid, proud legacy, one that will last for  generations. Just within the Senate Judiciary Committee alone, Senator  Hatch has also been involved in the selection and confirmation of  Federal judges not just in Utah but across the country, and every  current member and many past members of the U.S. Supreme Court. That,  too, is a legacy which will far outlast his time in the Senate still by  many, many decades.   Yet, despite all the history Orrin has made in Washington, his story  is even more impressive. He has been a loving and devoted husband to  his wife Elaine for 61 years. Together, they have 6 children, 23  grandchildren, and 24 great-grandchildren. They are his proudest  achievements, and he credits their love as his key to success.   Despite decades at the very pinnacle of American Government, Orrin  believes the most important years of his life were the two spent  serving as a missionary in the Great Lakes Mission of the Church of  Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.   As Senator Hatch mentioned in recent remarks, an article of our faith  is that ``if there is anything virtuous, lovely, or of good report or  praiseworthy, we seek after these things.'' And this is, indeed, how  Orrin Hatch has lived his life and the way in which he has faithfully  served God, family, his country, and his State.   Utah and the United States of America as a whole are better off for  his service since he decided to run for the Senate all those years ago.  I am grateful for all the time he has dedicated to the State of Utah  and for the personal encouragement he has given me. And from the time  that I was his page to the past years that I have also been his  colleague in the U.S. Senate, it has been an honor to serve with him.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, the Senate is currently considering S.J. Res.  54. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this legislation--lead cosponsor,  along with my distinguished colleague from Vermont, Senator Sanders. He  and I, along with Senator Murphy and a number of other Members of this  body, have engaged in this bipartisan effort, in a concerted endeavor  to make sure that the separation of powers among our three branches of  government is respected.   There is perhaps no more morally significant decision made in  government than the decision to go to war. Whenever we take an action  as a government that puts American treasure and, especially, American  blood on the line, we have a sacred responsibility to evaluate and  carefully weigh the relative risks and advantages of acting and the  relative risks and advantages of not acting.   To make sure that kind of analysis takes place, the Founding Fathers  wisely put this power squarely within the branch of government most  accountable to the people at the most regular intervals--the Congress.  This was a big distinction from our former National Government, based  in London, where the chief executive--the King--had the power to commit  troops to war without going to Parliament.   Alexander Hamilton explained this principle in Federalist No. 69. He  explained that it was no accident that this power was put in the hands  of Congress. To be sure, the power Congress has to declare war means  more than simply to state something in the abstract. It is something  that has to happen before we put American blood and treasure on the  line.   It is something that should never happen in the absence of some type  of dire emergency--some set of exigent circumstances in which the  President must protect the United States of America from an imminent  attack. It needs to be declared by Congress.   This isn't a mere formality; this is the only thing that guarantees  that this is a government of the people, by the people, and for the  people. It is the only thing guaranteeing that we will actually have a  debate about the relative merits of the conflict in question. There are  a number of reasons why.   In addition to the fact that there is an obvious economic expense  associated with war, there is a tremendous human cost associated with  war on our side, on the side of those among whom we might be fighting,  and on the side of those against whom we might be fighting.   This particular conflict in Yemen provides one of many examples of  the moral perilousness associated with war, of the many moral questions  brought about as a result of war. We are involved in a conflict half a  world away. We are involved in providing targeting assistance, midair  refueling, reconnaissance, and surveillance. We are involved in this  conflict as cobelligerents.   As we are involved in that, we are responsible in one way or another  not only for the American lives that might one day be directly  implicated in this conflict--more than they are today because we know  how wars go; we know how they tend to spread. We know that once we put  the good name of the United States of America on the line, we are  understandably reluctant to walk away from it because of what that  might say to the rest of the world.   But in order to make it legitimate, in order to make that decision  authentic, in order to make it sustainable, it has to be done in the  appropriate way, which means it first has to go to Congress.   Many of my colleagues will argue--in fact some of them have argued  just within the last few minutes--that we are somehow not involved in a  war in Yemen. My distinguished friend and colleague, the Senator from  Oklahoma, came to the floor a little while ago, and he said that we are  not engaged in direct military action in Yemen.   Let's peel that back for a minute. Let's figure out what that means.  I am not sure what the distinction between direct and indirect is here.  Maybe in a very technical sense--or under a definition of warfare or  military action that has long since been rendered outdated--we are not  involved in that, but  [[Page S7495]]  we are involved in a war. We are cobelligerents. The minute we start  identifying targets or, as Secretary James Mattis put it about a year  ago, in December 2017, the minute we are involved in the decisions  involving making sure that they know the right stuff to hit, that is  involvement in a war, and that is pretty direct. The minute we send up  U.S. military aircraft to provide midair refueling assistance for Saudi  jets en route to bombing missions, to combat missions on the ground in  Yemen, that is our direct involvement in war.   Now, if you don't agree with me, ask any one of our armed services  personnel who is involved in this effort. I would imagine that he or  she would beg to differ. I would imagine that the parents, the  children, the family members, the loved ones of these brave men and  women who have been involved in this effort would beg to differ when  told that we are not involved in a war in Yemen.   In any event, regardless of how you define war, regardless of what  significance you might attach to direct versus indirect military  involvement in a civil war half a world away, it still triggers the  constitutional requirement that Congress and not merely the President  decide that we are going to get involved in this war.   Look, I understand that there are some competing powers in the  Constitution. It was set up deliberately that way. There is some  arguable gray area between, on the one hand, the outer limits of the  President's Executive authority as the Commander in Chief of the Armed  Forces and, on the other hand, the power enjoyed exclusively by  Congress to declare war. Because there is some gray area, some matters  on which people of reasonable minds might disagree as to where a war  begins, Congress, several decades ago, adopted the War Powers Act in an  effort to try to delineate the respective powers of these branches.  Congress decided, among other things, that it would be significant any  time we got involved in hostilities.   Many of my colleagues will argue and many of them have argued on this  very day, in fact, that we are not involved in hostilities in Yemen and  therefore the War Powers Act is not triggered. Yes, there are a couple  of problems with that argument.   One, it is just categorically untrue for the reasons I mentioned a  minute ago. We are helping them get to the bombing sites. We are  telling them what to bomb, what to hit, what to take out. That is  rather direct involvement in war.   Increasingly these days, our wars are high-tech. Very often, our wars  involve cyber activities. They involve reconnaissance, surveillance,  target selection, midair refueling. It is hard--in many cases,  impossible--to fight a war without those things. That is what war is.   Many of my colleagues, in arguing that we are not involved in  hostilities, rely on a memorandum that is internal within the executive  branch of the U.S. Government that was issued in 1976 that provides a  very narrow, unreasonably slim definition of the word ``hostilities.''  It defines ``hostilities'' in a way that might have been relevant, that  might have been accurate, perhaps, in the mid-19th century, but we no  longer live in a world in which you have a war as understood by two  competing countries that are lined up on opposite sides of a  battlefield and engaged in direct exchanges of fire, one against  another, at relatively short range. War encompasses a lot more than  that. War certainly encompasses midair refueling, target selection,  surveillance, and reconnaissance of the sort we are undertaking in  Yemen.   Moreover, separate and apart from this very narrow, unreasonably slim  definition of ``hostilities'' as determined by this internal executive  branch document from 1976 that contains the outdated definition, we  ourselves, under the War Powers Act, don't have to technically be  involved in hostilities. It is triggered so long as we ourselves are  sufficiently involved with the armed forces of another nation when  those armed forces of another nation are themselves involved in  hostilities. I am speaking, of course, in reference to the War Powers  Act's provisions codified at 50 USC 1547(c).   For our purposes here, it is important to keep in mind what that  provisions reads: ``For purposes of this chapter [under the War Powers  Act], the term `introduction of United States Armed Forces' includes  the assignment of members of such Armed Forces to command, coordinate,  participate in the movement of, or accompany the regular or irregular  military forces of any foreign country or government when such military  forces are engaged, or there exists an imminent threat that such forces  will become engaged, in hostilities.''   In what sense, on what level, on what planet are we not involved in  the commanding, in the coordination, in the participation, in the  movement of or in the accompaniment of the armed forces of the Kingdom  of Saudi Arabia and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia-led coalition in the  civil war in Yemen? I challenge anyone to explain that to me--how it is  that we are not involved in the way described by 50 USC 1547(c). We  are. Because we are under this power-sharing agreement that was reached  in the War Powers Act that has been in place over the last four or five  decades, we need to follow those procedures. It is one of the reminders  we have that we need to respect the separation of powers.   We first brought up this resolution--or one like it--earlier this  year. It was about 8 or 9 months ago. At the time we brought it up and  got it to the Senate floor, we utilized a privilege status accorded to  resolutions like these in order to secure a vote on the Senate floor to  try to bring this bill out of committee. At the time, sadly, we  received only 44 votes to get it out of committee. That was not enough.   Fast-forward a few months to the week before last when we voted on it  again. It was, actually, the same vote, and it resulted in 63 Members  of this body supporting the idea of advancing it out of committee.   Then, today, we moved to the consideration of this bill, and we got,  if I am not mistaken, about 60 votes for that. I am thrilled, I am  ecstatic that we had that result, and I look forward to my colleagues  passing S.J. Res. 54 in the coming days. I urge my colleagues to vote  for it. I suggest, however, that it would have been even better had we  done it sooner.   What, you might ask, changed? What changed between when we voted for  this a few months ago and we fell short of the votes we needed and when  we brought it up the week before last to discharge it out of  committee and then voted today to move to the bill? Well, a number of  things have happened.    First, the war in Yemen has continued. We have had a whole lot of  people killed in Yemen as a result of this civil war. We have had a  whole lot more people in Yemen die as a result of causes related to  that war. There has been starvation. There have been all kinds of  atrocities that have accompanied that war.   Now, I know--this is war, and war inevitably involves atrocities. War  inevitably leads to some people dying as a result of a direct kinetic  attack, and it almost inevitably leads to other people dying as a  result of starvation or their being subjected to other violent acts or  tragic outcomes. I get it. That is what war does. That is precisely why  it is unconstitutional and morally bankrupt for us to get involved in a  war without the people's elected representatives in Congress voting to  do so, without our having the ability to debate it, to discuss it, and  to vote affirmatively to put our brave young men and women in harm's  way to engage in that war.   What else changed in addition to the fact that this war has gone on  and on with a lot of death and suffering and misery by a whole lot of  innocent people?   We have also seen that when we pulled back the mask a little bit,  when we pulled back the curtains and looked into exactly who we were  fighting for and why we were fighting, the people, understandably, got  a little freaked out. The death, the murder of a journalist got a lot  of people's attention.   I completely agree with the comments that have been made by several  of my colleagues that every life is sacred, that every human soul has  inestimable worth in the eyes of God and should be respected by each  and every one of us. It is therefore sad that it has had to take this  long for us to care about it. It shouldn't be the case that we had to  wait for a journalist to be murdered for us to care about this  unconstitutional, unjustified, and, I believe, immoral war.  [[Page S7496]]    Regardless of how we got here, we are here. The murder of Mr.  Khashoggi caused us to think long and hard--with good reason--about the  fact that we have gone somewhat blindly into war, first under a  Democratic President and then under a Republican President, where it  has been continued, following, somewhat blindly, the leadership of the  Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.   The fact that the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia has been implicated in  the murder of Mr. Khashoggi has caused a lot of people to stop and say:  Wait a minute. Maybe this doesn't make sense. Wait a minute. Perhaps  this is a regime that we ought not be supporting or at least, at a  minimum, regardless of the fact that we may have some interest, some  reason to be allied with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in some ways,  maybe--just maybe--this is enough of a reason for us not to be fighting  a war on behalf of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. We know this to be  true.   Those of us who serve in this body or who serve down the hall in the  U.S. House of Representatives know something very significant, which is  that if we went to almost any one of our constituents in any part of  the country and asked them ``Why should we, the United States of  America--the greatest military power, the greatest republic, arguably,  the greatest civilization the world has ever known--be putting American  blood and treasure on the line to fight as cobelligerents in a civil  war half a world away in Yemen?'' we know that 99 times out of 100-- perhaps 999 times out of 1,000--that it would not result in a confident  answer. We know that it would result in an answer full of uncertainty,  ambiguity, grave concern, and well-justified fear for the fact that we  are involved in somebody else's civil war--in a civil war in which we  have no business fighting, in a civil war in which we have blindly  followed the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia into conflict.   This is our decision to make. That war results in bloodshed and the  shedding of blood that will be on our hands if we fail to exercise our  constitutional prerogatives under a system of government in which we  have taken an oath to uphold, protect, and defend the Constitution of  the United States. I hope and expect that we will do our duty. I hope  and expect that we will respect the lives of those who put their lives  on the line to protect us.   I urge my colleagues, with all the emotion and all the compassion I  am capable of summoning, to vote for and pass S.J. Res. 54.   I yield the floor.   