 Madam President, I want to visit with my colleagues for  the same reason Senator Durbin, about 15 minutes ago, spoke to my  colleagues about the high price of pharmaceutical drugs and maybe at  least one little thing we can do to help moderate that price or at  least inform the public, accordingly, in a better way than we have so  far.   Every American within earshot of a television has heard ads for  prescription drugs. Almost every night, as I watch television, I see  something along that line. These ads promise patient relief from nearly  every medical problem, and informing the public is important for us to  do in many areas.   The pharmaceutical companies want you to know that their drug is on  the market to help you. They want you to talk to your doctor about the  newest drugs.   As many of my colleagues know, I am an outspoken supporter for  transparency. I hope it is one of my attributes I bring to the U.S.  Senate. From the Physician Payments Sunshine Act to whistleblower  protections, I am a strong believer that transparency keeps citizens  informed, and, for sure, transparency in government brings  accountability from those of us in government.   Senator Durbin and I have amendments to the current funding bill  which would shine transparency light on prescription drug prices. These  amendments would allow patients and their doctors to make informed  decisions. Drug advertisers want to tell consumers all the benefits of  the drugs. At the same time, drug advertisers are required to tell you  about the side effects. In fact, half of an ad has something about side  effects. That is usually in the small print and when somebody is  babbling something very rapidly about the side effects, but they aren't  as gung-ho to show how much that particular drug would cost. I believe  it is something the public would like to be well-informed on when they  are considering the advertisement and the purposes of the drug.   Six billion dollars is what pharmaceutical companies spent on direct- to-consumer advertising last year. Why would they spend that amount of  money on TV commercials? Because it works. By bypassing the trusted  physician and the ability of patients to decide for themselves, TV ads  increase prescription drug utilization and, with it, drug spending.  This increases drug costs to patients and taxpayers. In one case, a  single drug in Medicaid costs the taxpayers an additional $207 million  just because of ads.   The President's blueprint to lower drug costs includes a provision  for FDA to require the inclusion of the list price in these drugs.  Senator Durbin and I agree on that. I hope, since it is in the  President's blueprint as one step to bring the high cost of drugs, it  would be easy to get bipartisan support for the Grassley-Durbin  amendment. This is a very simple, commonsense step to get drug prices  down for consumers.   I have to confess to you, it is not the only answer, but it is a  concrete first step. If you want to know other steps to get drug prices  down, I would point out enacting the CREATES legislation, introduced by  Senators Leahy, Lee, Klobuchar, and this Senator; or we could enact Pay  for Delay, introduced by Senator Klobuchar and this Senator; or  Commissioner Gottlieb of FDA could come up with a plan for the  importation of safe prescription drugs from Canada and other trusted  countries.   Consumers today are promised the Sun, the Moon, and the stars if they  will simply get a prescription filled. Senator Durbin and I want to  improve transparency and prescription drug advertising so consumers can  decide for themselves. Our amendments would simply clarify that the  Secretary of HHS has the authority to require drug companies to report  the list price on advertisements.   I had a telephone conversation this morning with that Secretary of  HHS, at his instigation, and he suggested that this would be very  helpful, not only for him to accomplish the goals he wants to but to  carry out the President's blueprint. One of several steps in that  blueprint is to get the price of pharmaceuticals down for the consumer.   Consumers know the price of every other item they purchase before  they  [[Page S5409]]  make their decision. Just think what a benefit it was to the consumers  of this country when, maybe four decades ago, the Congress decided that  we ought to have on the windows of a car what the cost of that car was  so everybody had to play by the same rules of the game. This is a very  simple free-market principle. I urge all of my colleagues to support  this effort that will lower drug prices for all Americans.   Thank you.   