 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his  leadership on this bill, and Eliot Engel and Barbara Lee. We were there  when George W. Bush signed this legislation. We were sitting next to  each other.   This has made an enormous difference in the lives of so many people.  I call on our colleagues to support the PEPFAR Extension Act of 2018,  which authorizes funding for each of the next 5 years for comprehensive  programs designed to prevent or provide treatment for people suffering  from HIV/AIDS, malaria, and/or TB throughout the world.   Because of the vision of George W. Bush--and here in the House, it  was Henry Hyde and Tom Lantos as chairman and ranking member--since  2003, PEPFAR has saved an estimated 16 million lives. Today, 13  countries are on track to control their HIV/AIDS epidemic by 2020.   When the President signed it, he said, and I quote in part: ``HIV/ AIDS is one of the greatest medical challenges of our time. . . .  Across Africa, this disease is filling graveyards and creating orphans  and leaving millions in a desperate fight for their own lives.''   He went on to say: ``In the face of preventable death and suffering,  we have a moral duty to act, and we are acting.''   Today, according to the U.S. Department of State, PEPFAR is the  largest commitment by any nation to address a single disease in all of  history. Before PEPFAR, only some 50,000 people in Africa had access to  lifesaving antiretroviral treatment. That number has since increased to  approximately 14 million people receiving treatment for HIV and AIDS.  Thanks to antiretrovirals, some 2.2 million babies have been born HIV- free to HIV-positive moms.   Since the start of PEPFAR, new HIV infections have declined between  41 percent to 76 percent, depending on the country, and, again, more  than 16 million people have been saved. Yet the need for this  legislation continues to be absolutely compelling because so much more  needs to be done.   The Trump administration's 2018 PEPFAR report to Congress sounds the  alarm, noting that, according to UNAIDS, nearly 37 million people are  living with HIV globally; however, only 20.9 million are getting  treatment.   They point out that we must continue to act decisively and  strategically with our resources and bring other donors in high HIV- burdened countries to the table. Otherwise, we all risk an epidemic  that rebounds beyond the global community's capacity to respond.   The time to act is now. Every week, 32,000 people are infected with  HIV globally. Of all the new HIV infections in adolescents in the  region, nearly 75 percent are among females, and they are up to 14  times more likely to contract HIV/AIDS than young men.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this lifesaving  legislation, and again, I thank my colleagues. I thank the Speaker and  Kevin McCarthy for bringing this legislation to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge House passage of my bill--H.R. 6651--the  PEPFAR Extension Act of 2018, which authorizes funding for each of the  next five years for comprehensive programs designed to prevent or  provide treatment for people suffering from HIV/AIDS, malaria or TB  throughout the world. (Current funding is approximately $6 billion per  year).   Because of the vision of President George W. Bush and here in the  House the leadership of the Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Henry  Hyde joined by Ranking Member Tom Lantos, since 2003 the President's  Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief or PEPFAR has saved an estimated 16  million lives, and 13 countries today are on track to control their  HIV/AIDS epidemic by 2020.   When President Bush signed the U.S. Leadership Against HIV/AIDS,  Tuberculosis and Malaria Act into law in 2003--Barbara Lee and I were  actually sitting together at the ceremony--President Bush said:   ``HIV/AIDS is one of the great medical challenges of our time . . .  Across Africa, this disease is filling graveyards and creating orphans  and leaving millions in a desperate fight for their own lives. They  will not fight alone . . . The legislation I sign today launches an  emergency effort that will provide $15 billion over the next five years  to fight AIDS abroad . . . In the face of preventable death and  suffering, we have a moral duty to act, and we are acting . . .''   Today, according to the U.S. Department of State, ``PEPFAR is the  largest commitment by any nation to address a single disease in  history. Through PEPFAR, the U.S. government has invested over $80  billion dollars in bilateral HIV/AIDS and tuberculosis programs.''   Before PEPFAR, only some 50,000 people in Africa had access to  lifesaving antiretroviral treatment. That number has since increased to  approximately 14 million people receiving treatment for HIV and AIDS.  Thanks to antiretrovirals, some 2.2 million babies have been born HIV- free to HIV positive mothers. Since the start of PEPFAR new HIV  infections have declined between 41-76%. And again, more than 16  million lives have been saved.   Yet, the need for this legislation is absolutely compelling, because  there is much more to be done. The Trump Administration's 2018 PEPFAR  Report to Congress sounds the alarm noting that:  ``according to UNAIDS, nearly 37 million people are living with HIV  globally; however, the number of those on treatment is currently 20.9  million. While treatment access has increased  [[Page H9490]]  by more than 160 percent since 2010, there is still much more to do to  ensure everyone is virally suppressed, especially children and  individuals under age 35. Constant evaluation of program  implementation, epidemic data, and partner performance is essential to  continue to accelerate our impact. We must continue to act decisively  and strategically with our resources and to bring other donors and  high-HIV-burden countries to the table; otherwise, we all risk an  epidemic that rebounds beyond the global community's capacity to  respond. The time to act is now. Every week, 32,000 people are infected  with HIV globally, including 6,900 young women and 3,000 children, and  19,000 people die of AIDS-related illnesses. In sub-Saharan Africa,  adolescent girls and young women are especially affected. Of all the  new HIV infections in adolescents in the region, nearly 75 percent are  among females; they are up to 14 times more likely to contract HIV/AIDS  than young men.''   I introduced H.R. 6651 joined by a group of bipartisan original  cosponsors to ensure the continuation of this extraordinarily effective  lifesaving initiative--and the time to act is now.   This PEPFAR extension includes an amendment to extend programs aimed  at supporting Orphans and Vulnerable Children--an initiative that  assists over six million individuals--with support from multiple  organizations, including Catholic Relief Services and World Vision. I  would like to thank my Democratic colleague, and original cosponsor,  Barbara Lee for her outstanding commitment to this issue.   I also wish to commend the leadership shown by Chairman Ed Royce,  Ranking Member Engel, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen--Ileana, we will miss you-- and my colleague on the Africa subcommittee, Ranking Member Karen Bass.   I would also like to thank the staff who worked on this extension,  coordinating with advocacy groups and helping bring this bill to the  floor--Luke Murray from the Leader's office, Joan Condon and Catherine  Rowland from the House Foreign Affairs Committee majority and minority,  Diala Jadallah and Janette Yarwood from Representative Lee's and  Representative Bass's office, and Piero Tozzi from my subcommittee. I  also want to thank the many advocacy groups who weighed in with support  and work tirelessly day-in-and-out to bring relief to those afflicted  by HIV/AIDS and their family members.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.  Res. 1055, offered by my good friend and colleague, Dan Donovan. This  is an important piece of legislation. It underscores the unfinished  business towards Liberia.   Liberia is one of our best friends and allies, historically to the  present day, for very many reasons, including the fact that freed men  and women and former slaves from this country went back and helped to  make Liberia what it is today.   Unfortunately, they have had people like Charles Taylor, a despotic  leader who killed and maimed and enabled gross rape. He, personally,  has been held to account by the Court for Sierra Leone.   We all know that David Crane, chief prosecutor, who has testified  before my subcommittee on several occasions, did a wonderful job in  bringing large numbers of people to justice. Charles Taylor, for  example, got 50 years. I will never forget that infamous photo of  Taylor looking down at the floor, never thinking that he would get a  50-year jail term for his crimes.   But there are many others who never got prosecuted. The Truth and  Reconciliation Commission made serious recommendations that have not  been implemented, including establishment of a criminal tribunal for  Liberia.   The time has come. Dan Donovan's bill puts the House clearly on  record in saying we think this needs to be done, and it needs to be  done now. I thank him for his leadership. On the subcommittee, he has  been a great voice of reason and strength, as well as for human rights,  particularly for those in Liberia. Last September, he chaired one of  our hearings on Liberia, and I thought he did a masterful job, and I  want to thank him for that leadership.   Mr. Speaker, this is an important bipartisan bill. I urge its  passage.   