 Mr. Speaker, I am proud and pleased to join with Dr.  Harris in this effort. Now, at this point, 130 of our colleagues have  signed on to the petition to the Supreme Court to let them know that we  believe this is morally wrong.   What we have: Again, as a California legislator, I have experience  with the efforts our State legislators have done in the past and  currently with Assembly Bill 775, which is known as the Reproductive  FACT Act--fact, indeed--as Dr. Harris mentioned, requiring licensed  medical centers that offer free pro-life help to pregnant women to then  have to post written advertisements promoting the availability of free  or low-cost abortions subsidized by the State of California.   It also requires nonmedically licensed centers to note, in multiple  languages, that they do not have a medical provider on staff, which is  kind of interesting due to the places that provide abortions having  lower standards for medical care and standards for the doctors on staff  to have to be overseen. It is very interesting, the double standard for  that type of healthcare, as you would call it, versus other healthcare  centers at abortion clinics. Yet they want to point out that there  wouldn't be a medical provider on staff at these pro-life places, which  aren't required to have them anyhow.   So the court will consider whether these disclosures required by the  Reproductive FACT Act, by the California Legislature, violate the free  speech clause of the First Amendment. Indeed, it is a blatant  violation. The government has no business forcing private citizens or  anyone else to promote an ideology that violates their beliefs.   The whole purpose of these pregnancy centers is to provide free pro- life help to prospective mothers, not to serve as a billboard for  abortions. If anyone needed further proof of the moral degradation in  California's State government, this is exhibit A.   The Supreme Court must set a precedent, as lower courts have already  done, as Dr. Harris mentioned. They must set a precedent that we will  not watch, we will not stand by and watch as California's liberal  elites bully anyone into giving up their constitutionally protected  freedoms under the First Amendment.   Indeed, I want to thank Dr. Harris and all of the rest of my  colleagues you will hear from here tonight for standing up on this  issue, helping to not only bail out California's irresponsibility, but,  more importantly, to stand up for the rights of people who are trying  to save lives and provide positive counseling to those who find  themselves in crisis.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Dr. Harris for this Special Order.   