 Mr. President, I rise, as well, to speak about the  nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court.  He was nominated on July 9--86 days ago today.   Even before he was nominated, a number of Members of this body stood  and said they would oppose the nomination to the Supreme Court with  their not even knowing who he or she might be. After the name came out  that evening, other Members of the Senate  [[Page S6476]]  said they opposed him. Chuck Schumer, the Democrat minority leader,  said he would oppose the nomination with everything he had. It used to  be that we could just disregard language like this as empty rhetoric-- not anymore. Now we know exactly what the Democrats had in mind from  the very start. We have seen the kind of smear campaign they had  planned from the very beginning.   What I have heard from people at home, in Wyoming, is that they  didn't think things could get any lower in Washington, DC, until they  saw this. The Democrats have done everything under the Sun to delay  Judge Kavanaugh's nomination and to tarnish his reputation. It began  with misrepresenting Judge Kavanaugh's sterling judicial record. Well,  that didn't work.   Then they unfairly complained that they didn't have enough documents  by Judge Kavanaugh. When that didn't work, they shifted to surprise  attacks on his character.   The only thing they have accomplished is to set a new low for how the  Democrats treat people in Washington, DC.   There is a way we do things in the Senate to make sure we can fairly  and fully investigate nominees for important jobs. What we have seen is  that the Democrats have absolutely rejected this bipartisan tradition.  They hid information for more than 2 months. Then, after Judge  Kavanaugh had gone through 4 days of confirmation hearings, the  Democrats leaked that information to the press--information that they  had been sitting on and hiding from the American people, hiding from  the Republicans on the committee, hiding from the judge himself.   This isn't the first time we have seen the Democrats try to change  the rules when it comes to judicial nominees. The Democrats really do  have a double standard. They do it time and again. They want one set of  rules for when there is a Democratic President and then a totally  different set of rules for when there is a Republican President.   The Democrats have had for years something known as the Biden rule,  which was named after then-Senator Biden and then-Vice President Joe  Biden. This Biden rule says you shouldn't confirm a Supreme Court  nominee once a Presidential election is in full swing. The Democrats  wanted that rule in place when George Bush was President. Once  President Obama was in office, the Democrats wanted to pretend they had  never said it, never heard of it, and that it no longer applied. They  wanted a totally different set of rules for considering nominees for a  Democratic President than those for a Republican President.   Then they had what we saw here in the Senate as the Reid nuclear  option. That is when the Democrats decided and voted overwhelmingly to  get rid of the filibuster for confirming judges and other nominees. The  Democrats set the rule when they were in the majority, when there was a  Democrat in the White House, and they wanted to confirm people who were  nominated by President Obama. As soon as a Republican got into the  White House, the Democrats who voted to change the rule now complained  when the rule they changed was applied to them. The Democrats have a  double standard.   Now what we see is the Schumer rule. The Democrats took the normal  process for how we review nominees, and they threw it out the window.  The Democrats' new rule is this: Defeat the nominee no matter what. The  Democrats are willing to do whatever it takes to delay, disrupt,  intimidate, and obstruct this Republican nominee. The Democrats haven't  just thrown out the standards for how we do our work here; they have  absolutely trampled on common human decency.   It was bad enough when Democrats were just trying to delay things.  They demanded reams of paperwork. Well, Senators have been given access  to 500,000 pages of records--one-half million pages of records--from  the judge's time as a judge and throughout his career in public  service. That is triple the amount of information they have ever gotten  about any other Supreme Court nominee.   After Judge Kavanaugh's confirmation hearings, he responded to nearly  1,300 written questions from Senators. Those are more questions than we  have had for every other Supreme Court nominee in history, combined-- combined.   Judge Kavanaugh has served on the circuit court in the District of  Columbia--the second highest court in the land--for 12 years. He has  written opinions in 300 cases. If anyone wants to know how he will act  as a judge, they should look at how he has already acted as a judge for  the past dozen years. These are the documents that matter. These are  the ones that tell you how he approaches being a judge.   People can look at the 13 cases where the Supreme Court adopted Judge  Kavanaugh's reasoning. That is how much respect other judges and  Justices have for his careful and compelling decisions.   Washington Democrats don't seem to care about any of this. Democrats  got the documents they asked for so they just changed their demands.   You can see how transparent Democrats have been by looking at what  they said last week. As late as last Friday morning, Democrats were  saying we should pause for a week. That is what Senator Schumer,  Senator Feinstein, and other members of the Judiciary Committee said.  They said: Let's pause for 1 week.   As soon as Republicans said we would do that, the Democrats said that  is not good enough. They said it doesn't matter what happens in that  week, they are still voting no. For them, it was never about finding  the truth. For many, it was never even about the name of the nominee  because they came out opposing him before his name was even placed in  nomination by the President.   This has always been about the far-left wing of the Democratic Party  doing--as they have described it--whatever it takes to push their  talking points.   It is now all about the politics of personal destruction. They don't  seem to care much about what they do and how they damage the people  involved. They don't care about the damage they are doing to the Senate  and the damage they are doing to the Supreme Court.   The American people deserve better than this. It is time for the  Democrats to end their charade before they do more harm to the Senate,  to the Supreme Court, and to the United States of America.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   