 Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate my friend and  colleague Representative Marcy Kaptur of Ohio on becoming the longest- serving woman in the history of the House. On Sunday, March 18, she  will surpass the late Representative Edith Nourse Rogers of  Massachusetts, who held the previous record of thirty-five years, two  months, and fourteen days. But more than her longevity, Representative  Kaptur has brought to the House her tireless work ethic, her intellect,  and her devotion to serving the people of lakeshore Ohio.   A Toledo native and the first in her family to attend college,  Representative Kaptur began her public service career as a member of  the Toledo-Lucas County Plan Commission and later as a domestic policy  advisor to President Jimmy Carter. When she defeated an incumbent  Representative in a stunning upset election in 1982, Representative  Kaptur came to Congress and hit the ground running. She has been a  leader in the fight for higher wages, workers' rights, and ensuring  access to affordable health care. It was Representative Kaptur who  first proposed the idea in Congress of creating a National World War II  Memorial, and she wrote the legislation that eventually authorized its  construction on the National Mall. As a senior member of the  Appropriations Committee, Representative Kaptur has been at the  forefront of efforts to invest in both our national security and in  domestic priorities that help working families access opportunities to  achieve economic security and get ahead in Ohio and across America.   I have very great respect for Representative Kaptur's intellect and  her passion for working people and the pain she feels whenever they  feel pain. No Member is more committed to drawing attention to and  addressing the difficult challenges so many working people experience-- not only in her native Ohio, but throughout the middle of our country.   I've been honored to serve alongside Representative Kaptur, both on  the Appropriations Committee and on the Floor of the House, for the  past thirty-five years. I look forward to continue working closely with  her as Democrats carry forward the fight for economic opportunity,  equal justice, and stronger communities.   