 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we are at a critical moment in world  history, filled with innumerable dangers and challenges. Russia is  causing enormous trouble attacking the foundation of democracies around  the world, interfering in our elections, developing new tools to move  public opinion in countries other than its own while hiding behind  robotic social commentaries. We have a nuclear-armed North Korea  seeking legitimacy and recognition and critical talks about to occur  over the effort to denuclearize the Korean Peninsula. Syria is not just  in the grip of a civil war, it is in the grip of a fractured chaotic  state as a result of the destruction of cities and towns throughout the  nation, leaving them as destroyed shells of buildings with  infrastructure completely decimated. We have a humanitarian crisis in  Burma and Bangladesh with massive ethnic cleansing. We have four  famines unfolding in Africa, with 20 million people at risk of  starvation. In every place you look, there are more of these challenges  related to corruption of foreign governments, to climate chaos, to  civil conflict.   We need a Secretary of State who can help navigate our country in  these difficult times. We need to be able to work with neighbors around  the world, with allies around the world, exercising diplomacy in  partnership with the strength of the United States.   I come to the floor to share that I have grave doubts that Mike  Pompeo does not bring the right skills to this job. I am concerned  about his choice of military action over diplomacy in a position that  is supposed to bring the art of diplomacy to its full execution. I am  concerned about his statements of disrespect and dishonor to the  fundamental nature of our Constitution under the first article that  calls for Congress to be able to open the door to the exercise of  military power, not the President. I am concerned about his deep-rooted  conflicts of interest that may prevent him from tackling one of the  gravest threats to humans on this planet; namely, climate change. So I  will be voting against his nomination and felt it only appropriate to  share more of my concerns.   Let's start with the issue of diplomacy. The United States led the  world in working to stop the Iranian nuclear program, working with the  P5+1 group of states and with Iran to say that such a program of  developing the basic elements necessary for nuclear weapons was  absolutely unacceptable and bringing to bear such international  pressure that Iran said: We will agree to that. We will agree to that.  We will dismantle our nuclear powerplant--our plutonium plant. We will  fill it with concrete. We will proceed to eliminate the stockpile of  uranium enriched up to 20 percent. They agreed to cut the stockpile of  low-enriched uranium by 98 percent, to profoundly reduce its gas  centrifuges, shutting down two-thirds of them. On top of that, Iran  agreed to the most aggressive and furthest reaching inspections that  the International Atomic Energy Agency has ever had in any agreement,  giving us profound insights into the operation of their nuclear program  or, to put it differently, profound insights into the operation of  their program and the dismantlement of their program.   Yet Director Pompeo has condemned this effort in diplomacy to stop  the uranium program. He has told me it was unneeded because Iran wasn't  pursuing a nuclear weapon. Well, quite interesting, but Iran was  pursuing, clearly developing, all the elements necessary to have a  nuclear weapon, and that represented a significant threat to the United  States of America, and this agreement stops that threat in its tracks.  So he condemned it, not just saying it wasn't necessary but that it  showed negotiations occurred ``where we should have shown strength,''  and he said the United States ``bowed when we should have stood tall.''   What did he mean by that? He meant we didn't need an agreement in  order to stop the Iranian nuclear program because we had something  else. We had the sword that we could stop their nuclear program with,  as he put it, ``2,000 sorties''--``2,000 sorties,'' he said, ``to  destroy the Iranian nuclear capacity . . . is not an insurmountable  task for [United States] coalition forces.''   Simply carrying the sword and saying we could stop other nations from  doing things by bombing them is not the expertise we need in a  Secretary of State.   Then there is Mr. Pompeo's attacks on the Muslim community--falsely  claiming that Islamic leaders in America were silent in the face of  terrorist attacks like the Boston Marathon bombing. It was not true,  but he chose to attack Muslim Americans--single them out for assault.  He said they were ``complicit'' and failed in the ``commitment to  peace,'' not even bothering to get the facts in advance.   Then there is his longstanding opposition to equal rights for LGBTQ  Americans. Much of what we try to do around the world is to lay out a  vision of opportunity for all, and we should quit slamming doors in the  faces of individuals around the globe who are pursuing personal  happiness, opportunity, and success just as we try to end the door- slamming here at home--the discrimination, the prejudice, the hatred,  the bigotry, but Mr. Pompeo engaged in calling the end of  discrimination a ``shocking abuse of power'' when the Supreme Court  ruled in Obergefell. Not only that, but when he went to the CIA and the  mother of Matthew Shepard was scheduled to give a speech on hate  crimes, he canceled, at the last second, her speech. He did not want  the mother of a victim of hate crimes to talk about the crime against  an LGBT American strapped to a wire fence and left to die. Shouldn't  that be exactly the sort of speech that should be given about our  respect for all Americans and about how much we stand against hate  crimes?    So that is very disturbing, when you go into a world where respect  for people of every religion, from every part of the world, is part of  the negotiating power and strength of America. If you disrespect  people, they do not join us in partnership to solve problems. So those  are my concerns on the diplomacy side.   I am also concerned that he expressed a complete lack of interest in  the constitutional power invested in article I, which is the article  for Congress to declare war. He indicated that the President had  unlimited power in article II, which is the ability to conduct a war  after Congress has authorized it, but he seemed to completely overlook  that first step of congressional authorization.   We have tried to encapsulate that congressional authorization in the  War Powers Act, making it clear that the President cannot take us to  war without a declaration of war or, second, without explicit  authorization through something like an authorization for the use of  military force or without a direct emergency involving an imminent  attack on the United States, our assets, or our forces. It is the War  Powers Act that embodies the heart of the Constitution about the  conduct, the ability, and the limitations on the President to start a  war. It is given to Congress to decide whether or not we can go to war,  and Mr. Pompeo does not agree with that important, important  congressional factor. I don't  [[Page S2429]]  know, quite frankly, how one can take the oath of office and not  respect the Constitution as it delivers that power to this body, not to  the President.   My third concern goes to the conflict of interest that he brought  into consideration for this position. Specifically, it is the conflict  of interest that he carries into his career through his very, very  close association with the Koch brothers. He has been given the  nickname ``the Congressman from Koch.'' The headquarters of Koch  Industries is located in his district. The Koch brothers gave him the  money to start his business. The Koch brothers were the biggest donors  to his campaign. His entire career is carefully intertwined with the  Koch brothers and advocating for whatever they wanted him to advocate  for.   What we see is that the Koch brothers are advocating against our  working with other nations to take on the challenge of climate chaos.  Now, Mother Nature sent us a big, rude awakening this last year with  three powerful hurricanes tearing apart parts of our country and with  forest fires stretching from Montana across to the Pacific Ocean and  down the Pacific coast, deep into California, because of the carbon  pollution that is warming the seas and changing the weather patterns  and drying out our forests.   We suffer that, but we see so much more. We see the moose dying. We  see the lobsters migrating. We see the oysters unable to have babies. A  billion of them died back about the time I took office here in the  Senate because of the acidification of the ocean, coming from carbon  pollution.   The whole world is coming together to try to take on this problem,  but Mr. Pompeo is uninterested in this major threat facing humanity. He  supports our disengaging from the international community and taking  this on. He is fine letting China take the lead and producing the  economic results of taking the lead instead of the United States taking  the lead and being engaged in these partnerships. So, colleagues, those  are my concerns.   We need an individual dedicated to the power of diplomacy, not  someone who reaches first for the sword. We need an individual who  respects different religions and respects the opportunity in the United  States that we carry to the world as a beacon of freedom, not one who  disrespects it. Third, we need an individual whose career is not tied  to a single industry and whose outlook is to continue to protect that  industry, even in taking this job.   So for those reasons, this nomination should be turned down.   Thank you, Mr. President.   