 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I first became  aware of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis when I was in the fifth grade,  and I read a story, a book, and later a series of books about my  childhood hero Lou Gehrig, whose name is often used synonymously with  this terrible ailment. It is a tragedy that his life was ended and  helped bring about the end of his 2,138 consecutive game playing streak  in Major League Baseball.   This is a horrible disease, a progressive neurodegenerative condition  that rapidly attacks the nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord and  eventually it affects the control of the muscles that are needed to  move, to speak, and even to eat and to breathe. Sadly, it is always  fatal.   The bill now under consideration will grant a waiver from the Social  Security Disability Insurance waiting period to victims of this  terrible disease, no doubt with good, noble intentions, but what we  have to remember is that this is not the only tragic disease Americans  are dying from. Unfortunately, there are many others out there that are  equally debilitating and equally fatal, and the Federal Government  should not pick favorites to legislate from among them.   Indeed, this kind of policy and approach to policymaking poses  several problems. First, it sets the precedent that some diseases or  disabilities deserve preferential treatment and not necessarily with a  distinction that sets them apart from that disparate treatment. It  would undoubtedly open the door for exemption requests for a myriad of  other groups who advocate for worthy causes, including any of the 233  compassionate allowance conditions that are already given expedited  review for SSDI.   I have gone through that list and looked at that list and it contains  a lot of other horrible, debilitating deadly diseases, among them non- Hodgkin's lymphoma that claimed the life of my father 22 years ago,  along with a whole lot of other diseases that are deadly, that are  painful, that are debilitating, that result in the incapacitation of  their victims.   On top of all that, this approach will set the stage for only those  diseases that have the most recognition and the most political backing  to find bill sponsors, while others sit at a relative disadvantage with  conditions that are more rare and underfunded.   Furthermore, while I am happy to consider working on the waiting  period issue, we cannot do so without taking a larger look at SSDI as a  whole and its sustainability. We cannot ignore the fact that Social  Security is facing long-term insolvency with the DI Trust Fund set to  run out in 2032, even sooner than the Old-Age and Survivors Insurance  Trust Fund is set to expire and from which it has to borrow funds.   It is undoubtedly a noble intention to help those with ALS, but we  will never have parity if we legislate disease by disease, especially  among and between diseases that are comparably debilitating. I said it  is incoherent and unjust to pick one favorite group where there are  others that are every bit as deserving.   On that basis, I object.    Mr. President, I respectfully, most vehemently disagree with  the characterization made by my distinguished colleague, the Senator  from Rhode Island.   This is not, with all due respect, an instance of ``we can't help  anyone until we help everyone.'' That is a blatant mischaracterization  of the facts. We have already 233 conditions that qualify for the  compassionate allowance category.   If you look through those, they are full of debilitating, life- threatening conditions. Those categories already do receive expedited  treatment. They already are in a category where they have to be  reviewed and a decision has to be made within a set period of time--I  believe, within the range of 5 months.   That is a good thing, but it is simply not accurate. In fact, it is  blatantly misleading to suggest that my argument here boils down to the  notion that we cannot help anyone until we help everyone. That is not  true. It is the point here that unless or until we can make a  distinction between this condition and the other 233 conditions that  are on that list, I see no valid  [[Page S7652]]  basis--other than the fact that this one has more political support  and, perhaps, more financial backing--to draw that distinction here. I  think it is unfair to those who benefit from and will need to invoke  the need for Social Security disability insurance to put it in an even  less sustainable posture moving forward.   Yes, in an ideal world we would like to say no waiting period for  anyone. In an ideal world we would like to not have anyone have to wait  for these sorts of things, but we do have, in our government, a  susceptibility to claims that are not substantiated, and we also have  people who have to review them. In the absence of a perfect system, it  may not be possible. It certainly isn't going to be possible for us to  make this program sustainable if we can't put meaningful limits on it.   Again, I am all for finding ways to shorten that waiting period as  much as we possibly can. I have yet to hear an argument that sets this  condition apart from the others in this category of 233 compassionate  allowance conditions.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.    In no way, shape, or form am I making the argument that we  cannot help anyone until we help everyone. That is a  mischaracterization of the argument I am making.   I am arguing that if, among and between these 233 categories, we can  make no principle distinction between this condition and the others, we  are mistreating those other people.   Who is going to stand here for them? Today, I am going to.   On that basis, I object.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   