 Mr. President, anyone tuning into the Senate floor this  week is probably very confused right now, and that is because we are  not debating how to address the scourge of gun violence plaguing this  country, just 22 days after the horrific Parkland mass shooting and  following a near-universal call from the American people for Congress  to get serious about guns. They are debating it in the State  legislature in Florida, but we just don't have time in the U.S. Senate  to debate this overarching issue of gun safety in our country.   The American people may be confused because we are not debating the  fate of the 800,000 Dreamers and the uncertainty they still face;  confused because we are not debating our crumbling infrastructure  which, despite repeated calls from this President, we have seen nothing  resembling a credible plan from him to fix our Nation's bridges, roads,  and water systems and provide broadband for rural Americans.   Democrats do have a real plan, and we should be debating that. But  no. Instead, just 3 months after the passage of massive tax giveaways  that handed over more than $1 trillion to the wealthiest Americans and  megacorporations, we are here debating a giveaway to the world's  biggest banks.   We have moved on from tax handouts to the wealthy, to taxpayer-funded  bailouts for Wall Street megabanks. That is not my opinion. The  nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office released their analysis of this  bailout bill and noted that the risk of a financial crisis would go up  under this legislation.   Why in the world is Congress doing anything that increases the risk  of a financial crisis? It has only been 10 years since the great  recession, but Republicans seem to have forgotten about that. Maybe  that is why this week is so confusing--because the backers of this bill  are not talking about the risk to the entire financial system they are  enabling. They have forgotten that and are only talking about the  benefits to community banks.   Yes, there are some benefits. Those of us on the other side of this  legislation are not arguing about that point. You could probably find  consensus among all 100 Senators in this body that there is a  legitimate, targeted relief we can and should provide for those  community banks, but that is far from all this bill does. This  community bank relief is being used to protect the giveaways for some  of the biggest banks in this country.   Anyone listening to the supporters of this legislation would have no  idea that 25 of the 38 largest banks in the United States will have  critical Dodd-Frank rules rolled back for them. Anyone listening would  have no idea that banks with up to $250 billion in assets are being  told the current rules are too tough for them. These banks received $48  billion in taxpayer-funded bailout money. Those banks are not community  banks.   Now, a decade after the financial collapse of 2008, we are saying it  is probably OK. We are pretty sure they have learned their lessons. We  are pretty sure that now the big banks will put the economic security  of the country ahead of their own profits.   So the bottom line: This bill, the Economic Growth, Regulatory  Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, will increase risks to our entire  economy, and the fact that the words ``consumer protection'' are  mentioned last should make clear they are simply an afterthought.   When large institutions fail--whether it is Lehman Brothers, Enron,  AIG--it is everyday working consumers who get hit the hardest and pay  the highest price.   There is the rule on Wall Street: On the way up, the big guys clean  up; on the way down, the little guys get cleaned out. We saw that  during the last financial crisis, when millions of Americans lost their  jobs or their homes, and we are seeing it today, with increasingly  common data breaches that compromise Americans' financial and personal  information.   In recent years, devastating data breaches have become the new  normal. The likes of Target, JPMorgan Chase, Yahoo, eBay, T.J.Maxx,  Home Depot, and Sony are among so many who have become synonymous with  massive data breaches.   Of course, there is Equifax, which is both a credit reporting agency  and a data broker. Equifax's sole mission is using and profiting from  consumers' most personal information, and they failed to protect that  information. More than 145 million Americans' Social Security numbers,  birth dates, addresses, and, in some instances, even driver's license  numbers and credit card numbers were compromised because Equifax failed  to institute even the most basic security protocols. It seems that, for  the American consumer, every year is the year of the data breach, and  they are sick and tired of their information falling into the wrong  hands.  [[Page S1574]]    So as the Senate debates how to ensure financial institutions do not  endanger the American economy the way they did during the financial  crisis, we cannot forget our constituents' calls for new data  protection rules. That is why I have filed my Data Broker  Accountability and Transparency Act as an amendment to this  legislation. I thank Senators Blumenthal, Sanders, and Whitehouse for  joining me.   My colleagues and I--Republican and Democratic alike--were outraged  when we learned about the Equifax hack and how it hurts our  constituents across the country, but what have we accomplished in the  U.S. Senate since then? Nothing, and the threat is only growing.   We have an entire industry whose whole business model is predicated  on profiting on Americans' most sensitive information. They are  collecting it, storing it, selling it, and, in many instances, losing  it in data hacks and breaches. Consumers don't even know who these  companies are. They live in the shadows of our economy. Consumers  rarely have any direct contact or business relationship with a data  broker. Yet they know nearly everything about you. That is not just  Social Security numbers, detailed credit histories, addresses, driver's  license numbers. That is information on what you read, what music you  listen to, your children, and your medical history.    In today's economy, you--the American consumer--are the commodity  that is bought and sold in the open market. Right now, you have no  rights. Data brokers are collecting, using, sharing Americans' personal  information without your knowledge, without your consent.   Right now, American consumers are completely powerless. You can't  say: Stop selling my information to any of these companies. That is  unacceptable.   We need transparency; we need accountability. That is why I urge my  colleagues to support my Data Broker Accountability and Transparency  Act. My amendment would hold data brokers accountable.   First, my amendment allows consumers to access and correct the  information that data brokers hold about them. Americans should be able  to stop the spread of inaccurate information that could damage them  personally and financially.   Second, my amendment provides consumers with the right to stop data  brokers from using, sharing, or selling their personal information for  marketing purposes.   Third, my amendment requires data brokers to implement comprehensive  privacy and data security programs and to provide reasonable notice in  the case of breaches. Equifax should have been required to have robust  security to protect Americans' information. We must stop the next  Equifax.   It has now been 6 months since the public became aware of that  breach, and Congress has yet to enact any major legislation in  response. We are still in the data broker Wild West. American consumers  are still powerless, and the next breach could be around the corner.   Here is the financial services bill that we are taking up. Here is a  bill that is directly related to these banks that we are talking about.  Here is an opportunity for us to begin to figure out a way of  protecting consumers in this data breach area where their financial  records, where their health records, where their families' records  could be compromised.   What is the solution? We are moving through legislation that deals  with the problems the bankers say they have, but we are not dealing  with problems consumers say they have with these financial  institutions. When do we take up that bill? When do we finally say to  the largest companies: What are the protections? What are the  safeguards that are going to be constructed so that people's personal  information is not compromised, so the data brokers aren't able to  create a world in which everyone's information is just part of their  profit-making opportunity?   That is what we should be talking about. Let's have a big debate  here. Let's ensure that each and every one of these issues is dealt  with.   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment because we have to get  to the heart of this Equifax issue. We have to actually deal with the  world as it has changed. If the proponents of this bill say that the  world has changed since the crash in 2008 and 2009, then the world has  also changed with regard to the potential for the compromise of the  information of every American. Let's have that debate, as well, in the  same bill.   I urge that my amendment be put in order, and I urge that the Members  of the Senate support it. It is time for us to give those protections  to consumers, which they are crying out for. No individual consumer is  crying out for this change in the banking bill, but they are crying out  for protections in a system where they have no voice, no way to ensure  that their own family's personal data is not compromised.   I yield back to the Chair.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   