 Mr. Speaker, what a sad state of affairs. There are scores  of critically important issues that need to be considered by this  House, not the least of which is funding our government. We failed to  do that, and now we are confronted with a bill that is recycled, and we  have added two natural resources bills on it that could have passed  unanimously.   I am a big defender of Native Tribes' rights and sovereignty, and I  know that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle remain committed to  their sovereignty as well. This bill, however, is about undermining the  National Labor Relations Act, not about Tribal sovereignty.   That act, the National Labor Relations Act, safeguards workers'  rights to organize and bargain collectively. Most of my friends on the  other side of the aisle are not for that. I know that. I have seen them  vote that way.   No matter where you work, the basic protections for American workers,  however, ought to apply. It is already  [[Page H122]]  settled law that the National Labor Relations Act and other worker  protection laws apply to businesses even on Tribal lands outside the  context of inherently governmental functions carried out by Tribal  governments. This was not decided by some faceless bureaucrat. This was  a court of our land that made this decision.   Instead of undermining workers' rights, this House ought to be moving  forward with policies that help our workers and their families make it  in America as part of a strong middle class. That means raising wages.  It means making childcare more affordable. It means expanding access to  opportunities like higher education, homeownership, and a secure  retirement. Those are the issues that Democrats continue to be focused  on.   That is not what this bill focuses on. Instead, Republicans are  focused not on helping workers, but trying to pit one group, Tribes,  against another group, workers. That is not what we ought to have in  this country.   And they are attaching popular, noncontroversial natural resources  bills to this legislation. They have nothing to do with this  legislation and would pass overwhelmingly.   I am going to vote against this bill, and I hope they will bring the  natural resources bills back so we can pass those, as everybody wants  to do.   This is not the kind of regular order Speaker Ryan promised when he  took the gavel and that Republicans promised when they took the  majority.    As I said at the beginning, we are bringing this bill to  the floor, a retread. This is not new legislation that they are  offering. The only thing new about it is they put two natural resources  bills attached to it.   We should be focused, as I said before, on reaching agreement on  appropriation bills, on caps, on protecting DREAMers, on making sure  that CHIP children aren't left aside, not this bill. But those bills  aren't scheduled today, and they are not scheduled next week as far as  I know. Maybe the majority leader will give me better information  tomorrow.   In fact, what we really ought to be working on now, as I say, are  those appropriation bills. But, under the Republican majority, we are  still stuck working on fiscal year 2018 when we are already nearly  halfway through.   I urge my colleagues not to oppose Tribal sovereignty, not to oppose  the rights of our Native American brothers and sisters. We are for  them, but not to be pitted against workers making a decent, acceptable  wage so they can live with some quality of life.   It is not enough to give the upper 1 percent a huge tax cut and  pretend that you are helping the middle class, the workers. In fact, in  this bill, you are doing exactly the opposite.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill and stand up for workers,  whether they are Native Americans or whoever they may be. Stand up for  workers. Respect workers. Understand that workers made this country  great, and they deserve our support and our protection.   Defeat this bill.   