 Mr. Speaker, there are many days when we stand in  this Chamber and I specifically talk about the regulations, the  regulations that are holding back our economy from growing, holding  back consumers from getting the products that they want--we talked  about them in very sweeping, hyperbolic terms--but this is not one of  those days. This is a day where, in this bill, we are simply codifying  what has been the law of the land for over five decades, what is  currently the law of the land in 47 out of 50 States.   So not only has this historically been the case, what we are arguing  for here, but it is also the case in 47 out of 50 States. And I don't  think those three States, the consumers or the citizens of those  States, should be disadvantaged by not being able to access affordable  capital to be able to grow better futures. That is what I hear back  home is they want the opportunity to get loans, to get credit, to get  more chances for them to build better financial futures.   And, frankly, this bill does that. It solves the problem of  uncertainty, and capital flees uncertainty. This makes clear what has  been the law of the land. It doesn't change State usury laws. It  doesn't impact payday. It merely restates that which we have operated  under for decades before this Second Circuit decision and says the law  in 47 States should be the law in 50 States.   Valid when made is an important aspect of our financial markets and  ensuring that we can turn over capital more frequently, thus, get more  capital out to more individuals. And, frankly, that is what we are here  fighting for: making sure everybody gets the opportunity to participate  in a better economy by building a financial future. H.R. 3299 goes a  long way in solving that problem by a very simple, very narrow fix in  ensuring those three States get to participate in the benefit of a  vibrant secondary market just like the 47 other States outside of the  Second Circuit.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the legislation and encourage all  Members here to support this legislation.   