 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, this is a great day, a great week for America. Here we  are celebrating not only our great veterans, who have given us our  freedom and our way of life, but also our great police officers, who  stand between ourselves and a more chaotic environment. We are grateful  for everybody that steps up, not only our men and women in uniform who  have represented us, but also our men and women in blue.   Mr. Speaker, I represent the Second Congressional District of the  great State of Maine. This is the largest geographic district east of  the Mississippi River. We have an 8-hour drive if you go from Fryeburg  to Van Buren over beautiful country roads, all kinds of critters in the  roads, including moose, so you have got to be careful when you are  driving, but let me tell you, we also have 125,000 veterans in the  State of Maine, more than half of which, Mr. Speaker, are in the Second  District.   We love our veterans in the State of Maine. We absolutely love our  veterans. We honor them, but we only have, Mr. Speaker, one veterans  hospital in the State of Maine. It is in Togus, the first VA Hospital  in America to take care of our veterans coming back from the Civil War.  But, you know, if you live in Frenchville, Maine, or you live in Van  Buren, you might have a 3-, 4-, or 5-hour drive to Togus at 2 o'clock  in the morning when the snow is blowing sideways in February.   We need to make sure we give folks an opportunity--who served our  country--to get healthcare closer to them. It just makes sense.   Now, a lot of people, Mr. Speaker, say, ``Well, we don't want to  privatize the VA.'' Neither do I, and nobody wants to, but it makes  sense to make sure we augment what they can do so our veterans can get  healthcare closer  [[Page H4044]]  to home, and that is exactly what this program does.   Now, one thing I have to mention to you, Mr. Speaker, is that some of  our rural hospitals who have contracted with the VA and provided great  services to our veterans have not been getting paid on time. This is a  real problem when you have got a small hospital that might not have  bills paid for 1 to 2 years.    Mr. Speaker, we need to make sure all of our rural  hospitals in the State of Maine and throughout the country get paid,  and this bill says if they are not paid within 30 days, then interest  starts accruing on that.   This is a great win for our veterans, for our small community  hospitals that need to stay open for everybody, and for this country.   