 Mr. President, there is no more noble sacrifice than  laying down your life in the service of others. Every year, more than a  million law enforcement officers work to keep our country safe and to  serve the needs of our communities. Our law enforcement officers put  their lives on the line as they fight crime, and each year, law  enforcement officers die in the line of duty. Many of these deaths  occur while these officers are investigating crimes and enforcing our  laws. Some are even the result of targeted violence against police  officers. Other deaths involve tragic accidents, such as Sheriff's  Deputy Julie Bridges and Sergeant Joseph Ossman--two police officers  who were killed in a traffic accident while working to help their  communities weather the onslaught of Hurricane Irma.   On Friday, I spoke at the Iowa Peace Officer Memorial Ceremony in Des  Moines, where we honored six law enforcement officers from Iowa who  lost their lives in the line of duty. It was my honor to pay tribute to  these brave Iowa heroes, along with their families.   Losing members of our law enforcement leaves a hole in families and  communities that no one else can fill, but we can honor them and  remember them and work to support the efforts of other law enforcement  officers who carry on their mission, officers who, despite the risks  and the rigors of their work, work tirelessly to protect and serve  their communities.   Yesterday, in memory of those who have fallen in the line of duty  over the past year, I was proud to submit a resolution designating this  week ``National Police Week.'' This resolution is cosponsored by 76 of  my Senate colleagues.   I am also working to clear the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant  Program Authorization Act through my Judiciary Committee so that the  bill can be sent to the floor for consideration of the full Senate.  This bill authorizes a nationwide partnership between Federal, State,  and local law enforcement and prosecutors dedicated to the reduction of  violent crime. This partnership will use evidence-based and data-driven  approaches to policing. It emphasizes initiatives designed to build  trust and collaboration with community leaders and organizations  addressing violent crime. A companion bill is working its way through  the House of Representatives, and I look forward to voting to support  it.   In addition, I have been a longstanding supporter of the Public  Safety Officers' Benefits Program, which provides death and education  benefits to survivors of fallen law enforcement officers, firefighters,  and other first responders. It also includes disability benefits to  officers catastrophically injured in the line of duty. I introduced a  bill to strengthen the Public Safety Officers' Benefits Program, and  that bill was signed into law last year. We worked hard on oversight  efforts of this program to make sure that beneficiaries' claims don't  linger forever but are timely paid.   Today, as I stand here on the Senate floor, my thoughts turn to my  own home State of Iowa, where on March 1, 2017, Sheriff's Deputy Mark  Burbridge went to work for his employer, Pottawattamie County. He and  fellow deputy Pat Morgan were assigned to transport a man to prison who  had just been sentenced to 45 years for voluntary manslaughter. On the  way from the court to the prison, the prisoner assaulted Deputy  Burbridge with a homemade knife, grabbed one of the deputy's guns, and  shot both deputies. Deputy Morgan was seriously wounded in the attack.  Deputy Burbridge was critically injured and died an hour later. The  prisoner fled the scene, making it as far as Nebraska. Other brave law  enforcement officials tracked him down and brought him to justice.   Deputy Burbridge was a family man who loved to work on cars and  motorcycles. He also loved to fish and tell jokes. He is survived by  his wife Jessica, daughter Karley, son Kaleb, and stepdaughter Kelsey  Brant. We mourn his loss and remember his legacy of sacrifice and  service this week.   Our law enforcement officers in Iowa deal with many of the same  problems facing law enforcement officers throughout the United States.  They work every day to stop violent crime, and they are on the  frontline of the fight against illegal drugs and the opioid addiction  crisis that every State faces. To help law enforcement officers in Iowa  and in the rest of the country, we need to optimize our justice system  so it puts resources where they are needed most.   Law enforcement should target the worst offenders, like violent  criminals, major drug traffickers, and criminal masterminds. We should  do more to help those who have done their time reenter society in  productive ways so they don't backslide back into a life of crime. A  bill I introduced this Congress--the Sentencing Reform and Corrections  Act--does just that, and I appreciate Senator Durbin standing with me  on its introduction. It is a vastly bipartisan bill that improves  fairness in sentencing, while permitting law enforcement to devote  resources to tackling their top priorities. It also increases  incentives for criminals to cooperate with police and to put into place  tougher criminal penalties for fentanyl distribution, for crimes of  terrorism, and for crimes of domestic violence.   In addition, the Grassley-Durbin bill provides for recidivism- reduction programs to prepare inmates to leave prison and live a  productive, law-abiding life. On that point, I give particular credit  to Senator Cornyn and Senator Whitehouse for their work on that part of  the bill. Similar sentencing and prison reform initiatives at the State  level have closed prisons, reduced crime, and increased public safety.   On a final note, I would like to take a moment to thank the Capitol  police who serve right here in the Halls of Congress. The President,  the Vice President, Cabinet Secretaries, and thousands of visitors from  around the country visit the Senate every year. We Senators come and go  several times a day with our staff. It is easy to take our feelings of  safety and security for granted in this Capitol Complex, but we are  able to carry out our duties because of the continued hard work of  these Capitol Hill police officers. So thank you to the Capitol police  for your dedication and your service. Our law enforcement officers  deserve our respect, surely our support, and our admiration for putting  their lives on the line.   We honor all law enforcement officers this week--especially those who  died in the line of duty in the past year. We thank their families for  their sacrifice, and we will remember the values of public service, of  diligence, and the bravery they stood for.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Bob Minchin  and Tim Rodriguez, two law clerks with my Judiciary Committee staff, be  granted floor privileges for today's session, May 15, 2018.   