 Mr. President, I rise today to express my strong  support for  [[Page S1861]]  the online sex trafficking legislation that is before us today.  Immediately passing and sending this measure to the President's desk  will help ensure that children and youth are less vulnerable to human  traffickers and others who would profit from this terrible crime.   This bill originally was introduced in this Chamber by Senator  Portman, and I salute him for his leadership on the issue of online sex  trafficking.   Last year, I joined dozens of my Senate colleagues as a cosponsor of  this measure after working with the Commerce Committee on the title 18  language in this legislation.   Senator Portman, who chairs the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on  Investigations, introduced the earliest version of this legislation  after his subcommittee produced a bipartisan report exploring the link  between Backpage and online sex trafficking. Entitled ``Backpage.com's  Knowing Facilitation of Online Sex Trafficking,'' that report was the  result of nearly 2 years of investigation by the subcommittee's  investigative staff. I encourage my colleagues to review the Senate  report, which is posted on the subcommittee's website.   It makes a very strong case for updating the Communications Decency  Act and title 18 of the U.S. Code to protect children as the bill  before us proposes.   I, too, have made ending human trafficking a top priority as chairman  of the Senate Judiciary Committee. One of the first major bills our  committee produced in the 114th Congress, under my leadership, was the  Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. It established a new fund,  comprised of assessments imposed on convicted offenders, to provide  resources to serve victims of human trafficking. It also equipped  prosecutors with new tools to fight the heinous crime of human  trafficking. Senator Cornyn introduced that bill, and I was a  cosponsor.   Last year, I sponsored legislation to extend the key programs  authorized under the Trafficking Victims Protection Act. Our committee  cleared this bill and a related measure that Senator Cornyn introduced  known as ``Abolish Human Trafficking Act'' in 2017. The Senate passed  both bills without a single dissenting vote last September.   These two bills would extend the authorization for a number of the  victim-centered programs that Congress established years ago as part of  the original Trafficking Victims Protection Act. They also include  provisions to promote greater education and awareness of human  trafficking in the United States.   For example, the Senate-passed Trafficking Victims Protection Act of  2017, which I introduced, calls for training of judges, school  personnel, and Federal investigators so that they can better identify  and respond to human trafficking victims. It would authorize the U.S.  Secret Service to offer investigative and forensic assistance to other  law enforcement agencies. It would establish an Office of Victim  Assistance within the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and ensure  that the office is staffed by trained victim assistance personnel.  Lastly, the measure promotes coordination among and data collection by  the Federal agencies that are tasked with helping human trafficking  victims and bringing the perpetrators to justice.   The Abolish Human Trafficking Act, which I joined Senator Cornyn in  introducing, ensures that victims will receive restitution, authorizes  funding of investigations, and enhances penalties imposed for  trafficking offenses, including sexual exploitation or abuse, sex  trafficking of children, and repeat convictions for transportation for  illicit sexual activity.   We currently are working with the other Chamber on a package that  would include these two bills, a related measure introduced by Senator  Corker, and the House-passed version of legislation to renew and extend  the Trafficking Victims Protection Act. Sending this package of four  bills and Senator Portman's online sex trafficking bill to President  Trump for his signature sends a very strong message to human  traffickers that we will not tolerate the scourge of human trafficking  in the United States.   I close by calling on my colleague to support the immediate passage  of H.R. 1865 without any weakening amendments.   