 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it was good to get back home to Texas over  the weekend and on Columbus Day. I had a chance to travel to far West  Texas, out to El Paso, TX, and catch up with some of my friends and  constituents there on some important issues they care an awful lot  about.   While we in Washington have been focused on Brett Kavanaugh's  confirmation to the U.S. Supreme Court for the last 90 days or so, a  lot of other important things have been happening back in Texas and  around the country.   For example, on August 1, Dr. Jim Allison, affiliated with the  University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, won the Nobel  Prize in medicine, along with a researcher from Japan. This is really  important work. It was a culmination of 25 years of effort, and I am  sure something Jim would have never even dreamed of as he grew up in  the small town of Alice, TX, 45 minutes from Corpus Christi. He has  come a long way since then. We are very proud of him, and today we send  our congratulations to Dr. Allison and to the entire MD Anderson team  on a tremendous accomplishment.   Dr. Allison developed a new way to treat cancer using T cells. His  method unleashes a patient's immune system to attack tumors. In other  words, it is your own immune system that is triggered to attack the  tumors that are attacking the patient. This is called immune checkpoint  therapy. It has resulted in the development of numerous drugs that have  the potential to save lives. None other than our former President,  Jimmy Carter, is now cancer free because of this type of therapy, but  he is just one of the most famous of many examples.   In the not so distant past, cancer could be treated in only one of  three ways: through surgery, radiation, or chemotherapy. A friend of  mine gave me the book--I think it was a Pulitzer Prize winning book-- called ``The Emperor of All Maladies,'' which was also a documentary.  To be honest, the way that the medical profession treated cancer in the  early days was pretty primitive: surgery, radiation, or chemotherapy.  But now, thanks to people like Dr. Allison and MD Anderson, cancer  patients have other options.   Dr. Allison is sometimes referred to as the ``Godfather of cancer  immunotherapy,'' and the drugs he has helped to develop have now been  approved to treat not only melanoma and lung cancer but also Hodgkins  lymphoma and cancers of the kidney, bladder, liver and stomach.   But despite the great strides made by this Nobel Prize-winning Texan,  immunotherapy is still in the very early stages of development. Dr.  Allison said there are nearly 2,000 immunotherapy trials in progress  around the Nation, including 200 at MD Anderson alone. That gives my  colleagues an idea of the number of people and the ongoing efforts that  are working to extend the scientific frontiers of cancer treatment.   Much of this work, of course, would not be possible without the  funding that is provided by the American taxpayer through State and  Federal funding. The National Institutes of Health remains the largest  funding mechanism, but in Texas we have done our part by investing $3  billion over 10 years through the Cancer Prevention and Research  Institute of Texas, commonly known as CPRIT.   Here in the Senate and in the House, working together with the  administration, we have been promoting cancer research in several  overlapping ways. I recently met with Dr. Shanlin Shah and learned  about the fascinating proton therapy that MD Anderson has pioneered.  Conversations like that are a great way that we in Congress, who are  obviously not experts, can try to stay on top of rapidly advancing  research.   But even more important is what we do here collectively to fund that  research. We have increased funding by $2 billion to the National  Institutes of Health. With that increase, close to $6 billion is now  going to the National Cancer Institute, and an additional $100 million  is being put toward the so-called Cancer Moonshot that Joe Biden and  others touted and which all of us working together voted to create. The  Moonshot will accelerate research regarding high mortality cancers.   As a part of the Moonshot initiative, the National Institutes of  Health has partnered with biopharmaceutical companies to launch what is  known as the Partnership for Accelerating Cancer or PACT, as it is  called. PACT is a 5-year public-private research collaboration totaling  $215 million. Hopefully, it will identify new biomarkers and develop  new immunotherapy treatments.   Dr. Allison, whom I mentioned earlier, has spoken about how crucial  this government funding effort really is. Of course, like I said, while  we are caught up in the fights of the day here on the floor of the  Senate, a lot of good work gets done that the American people don't  hear about. So that is why it is so important to emphasize this point.   While biotech and pharmaceutical companies fund the late-stage  research that brings well-developed therapies into clinical trials, the  early funding of basic science, which makes that possible, often comes  from the money provided by the U.S. Government through the National  Institutes of Health. Without it, Dr. Allison said, ``many of the  therapies that currently treat millions of cancer patients worldwide  simply wouldn't exist.''   That is an important point too. It is not just treating cancer here  in America. The science and the developments, the research and the  cures that are developed at places like MD Anderson Hospital in  Houston, TX, benefit the whole world.   I remember one of the last times I was at MD Anderson for a townhall  meeting with Senator McConnell, the majority leader, and Senator John  McCain, our recently departed colleague from Arizona. At the time, I  was told that patients from 90 different countries come to MD Anderson  in Houston, TX, because of their expertise treating cancer.   So this is not just a local or national phenomenon. This is a  worldwide phenomenon.   It is not just the government, of course, that helps to fund this  important research. Philanthropists are also invaluable when it comes  to this sort of research as well. I am thinking about my friends Peggy  and Lowry Mays of San Antonio, TX. Thanks to their generosity, San  Antonio's premier cancer center, which is one of only four in Texas  with the National Cancer Institute's elite designation, is entering  into an entirely new era. Their donations and their generosity will  provide an endowment to support the director of the cancer center, and  it will also fund new faculty recruitment and retention initiatives for  generations to come. This is just another way  [[Page S6706]]  that generous people with big hearts are making a difference. It is not  just government. It is government working together with people like the  Mays to get these things done.   What all of this shows, of course, is that when serious and sustained  effort is applied and money is invested, there is a lot of progress  that we can make in dealing with things that never would have even been  considered treatable years earlier, not that many years ago, and there  is always more to be learned.   This calls to mind something the great Thomas Edison, the inventor of  the light bulb, once said: ``When you have exhausted all possibilities,  remember this--you haven't.'' We haven't exhausted all possibilities,  as Dr. Allison's path-breaking work clearly shows--not even close. We  have so much more to discover and understand. With science advancing at  practically lightning speed, I believe it is not a question of if we  cure cancer but when.   That comes as good news for families all across this country of ours  because almost no family has been spared. Even when we don't have a  close friend or immediate family member who has undergone radiation  treatment or chemotherapy, we know stories of famous people, such as  Steve Jobs, Aretha Franklin, and even our friend John McCain, recently  departed. They passed away from pancreatic cancer and glioblastoma. For  others we know, it was oral cancer or lung cancer. Cancer respects no  persons and observes no differences between the wealthy and the poor or  race or ethnicity. But if we are lucky, we are also blessed to know  cancer survivors who, thanks to medical innovation, have a new shot at  life. They have undergone hardships and treatment that the rest of us  might find difficult to even imagine, but they have endured by their  spirit, and they have inspired all of us to keep working, whether it be  at the Mays Cancer Center in San Antonio, at MD Anderson in Houston, or  up here in Washington, where we work to fund research through  legislation. Like Thomas Edison said, we will never exhaust all of the  possibilities, so we must not give up. We must keep trying.   Working with generous donors, as well as undaunted scientific  researchers like Dr. Allison and his team, I hope we will continue to  apply our time and talents to finding answers and yielding newer and  greater discoveries.   To all the younger generations--some in towns not unlike Alice, TX-- to all of those who are wondering what they might want to be when they  grow up, look no further than Dr. Jim Allison. Look how much he has  accomplished through his life's work. He is a good example of the type  of person you can aspire to be and what is possible if you try.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   