 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today to offer an amendment to increase funding for the Energy  Efficiency and Renewable Energy account by $2 million, specifically for  use in the SuperTruck II program.   The SuperTruck program was started by the Department of Energy under  President Obama and former Secretary of Energy Steven Chu to improve  freight and heavy-duty vehicle efficiency.   The Appropriations Committee acknowledged in the committee report the  success of the SuperTruck II program, noting these funds will help  SuperTruck II to continue to dramatically improve the freight  efficiency of heavy-duty class 8 long-haul and regional-haul vehicles  through system level improvements like the hybridization of vehicles,  saving more fuel while idling--that is something I saw in a field  demonstration and it is pretty amazing how they turn off at  intersections with lights, et cetera--engineering high-efficiency HVAC  technologies, and more.   This amendment to increase funding for the SuperTruck II program will  allow the Department of Energy to better achieve its freight efficiency  goals, and the amendment is fully offset by decreasing the departmental  administration account.   I would like to thank Chairman Simpson and Ranking Member Kaptur for  their hard work on this bill and for including this amendment. The  Rules Committee might have done that, but I don't think they would have  if there were objections from the chair and ranking member.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote yes on the amendment, and  I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   This amendment, which is an environmental amendment, would prohibit  the House from spending funds to purchase plastic drinking straws in  our eating areas in the House.   Plastic drinking straws are a considerable environmental risk to  mammals and fish. They are dropped and discarded on the streets but  particularly in the oceans. And they have had whales show up with 17  pounds of plastic in their stomachs and tortoises with straws in their  nostrils and all kinds of awful things. It is a threat to sea turtles  and all kinds of marine wildlife.   This would be an opportunity for us to show the public that we are  aware there are cities, restaurant associations, and other groups that  are banning straws or at least asking that they be made optional for  customers so that they are used or not used, but let the customer make  that decision. I think this would be a great thing for the House to do  to show that we understand this environmental problem.    I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey.    Reclaiming my time, I appreciate the chairman and all the  work he has done for many, many years in the House, and I appreciate  the opportunity to serve with him.   And I appreciate the ranking member for his help on this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I ask for an ``aye'' vote, and I yield back the balance  of my time.   