 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, a very disastrous thing happened 10  years ago in Iowa. The whims of Mother Nature tested the State of Iowa  10 summers ago when deadly tornadoes, storms, and floods caused more  than $10 billion in damage to communities, homes, and businesses. It  caused a lot of distress.   National disasters test the mettle of humanity by every measure.  Iowans were tested in 2008. Unfortunately, parts of Iowa, like Mason  City, are experiencing flooding once again, almost 10 years to the day.   Ten years ago, 88 of our 99 counties were declared a natural  disaster. Epic floods and EF5 tornadoes ripped holes through the center  of many neighborhoods. Thanks to civic leadership and thanks to  bootstrap mentality, tireless volunteers and members of the National  Guard answered the call to survive and thrive from the crisis. The  rallying cry to rebuild and recover has driven a decades-long drive to  restore and revitalize these Iowa communities hurt 10 years ago by  these massive natural disasters.   It was a tough row to hoe. Orchestrating the massive cleanup is one  thing; paying for it is another. Congress, as we often do for natural  disasters, approved nearly $800 million in Federal block grants within  the first year to help homeowners with restoration and buyout efforts.  However, the wheels of the Federal bureaucracy too often are  painstakingly restrictive to navigate. From Housing and Urban  Development to FEMA and the Army Corps of Engineers, local residents  got a firsthand taste of the Federal alphabet soup.   When community leaders, businesses, and homeowners got mired in  bureaucratic molasses, I worked with our entire congressional  delegation to take care of these immediate needs and to help develop  long-term planning for the flood plain, such as levee improvements and  flood protection systems to avert future catastrophes.   In addition to directing Federal disaster assistance to recovery and  rebuilding efforts, I wrote the Heartland  [[Page S3747]]  Disaster Tax Relief Act to give flood-ravaged homeowners and businesses  a fresh start. Just as Congress acted to help victims from Hurricane  Katrina in 2005, 3 years before the disaster in the Midwest, I made  sure that midwesterners also received a much needed break similar to  what we provided at Katrina time.   Moving forward after a natural disaster isn't easy. Volunteers  affirmed Iowa's treasured heritage of neighbor helping neighbor,  rescuing residents and pets from flood-ravaged neighborhoods.   Voters across the State voted on measures to help their communities  rebuild, and the State legislature passed laws to help areas mitigate  against future disasters. City planners developed a strategy to  revitalize their cities and towns.   Recovery efforts stumbled along the way, to be sure. It takes time to  see sunshine and rainbows after one of the State's worst disasters in  history. Collaborating and finding consensus isn't easy. In fact,  governing isn't easy.    Despite the incalculable loss of personal belongings, blended with  the physical, emotional, and financial toll of starting over, the  people of Iowa didn't quit, and we are more resilient and better  prepared now than we were before these disasters. However, work remains  to be done.   Working alongside civic and State leaders for the last decade, we  have identified specific needs and places where redtape gets in the way  to improve flood protection in local communities. That is why I have  worked with my sleeves rolled up alongside former Senator Tom Harkin  and now Senator Joni Ernst and the rest of the Iowa delegation to  ensure local infrastructure needs get up to snuff, including flood risk  projects on the Cedar River and elsewhere.   Recently, the Committee on the Environment and Public Works approved  a bill that, once again, highlights the importance of the Cedar River  flood protection project and includes a secondary budgetary process  that could lead to construction funds for this project and other Iowa  priorities in the future, cuts redtape, and also improves public input,  transparency, and accountability.   The people of Iowa have earned a well-deserved salute to civic  participation. It is a good day to share pride with your fellow  citizens. Thanks to our people's resilience and hard work, even better  days are yet to come.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   