 Madam President, the remarks just concluded by my friend  and colleague from Tennessee help make it clear why many of us do not  look forward to his departure at the end of the upcoming Congress to  the better vales of retirement. We are so grateful for the balance and  the measured leadership of the Senator from Tennessee. He reminds us of  the best of our history and what it is that the Senate has stood for  and the role that we play in our constitutional order. I will simply  briefly thank him for his remarks.   I thank the Presiding Officer for her hard work to make sure this  letter was presented to the leaders of both caucuses with 61  signatures. We frankly could have gotten more, but in the press of the  work of that day, April 7, 2017, we thought it important to get on the  record, in signature, individual Senators saying that we are committed  to not change the rules of the Senate on the Senate filibuster rules  regarding legislation. I am committed to never voting to change the  legislative filibuster.   I will simply conclude by saying to my friend, my colleague from  Tennessee, that I think there is important work for us to do here to  strengthen our role. A number of the retiring Members gave floor  speeches in recent days where they talked about the ways in which this  body--we do not listen to each other enough, we do not debate each  other enough, and we do not work across the aisle enough. If we are to  play the role the Founders intended, we must do more of that, not less.   The agreement just reached here that will allow us to negotiate in  good faith towards a resolution of the impending shutdown--the fiscal  standoff between the White House, the House, and the Senate--is exactly  the kind of example I would like to point to where Members listen to  each other and work out the kind of resolution that allows us to skip  dozens of intervening test votes and move right to the resolution.   This body has a critical role to play. As my friend and colleague  from Tennessee pointed out, rule of law is at the very foundation of  our constitutional Republic. We are at a moment in our history where  many question the stability of our commitment to the rule of law.  Nobody will play a more important role in reassuring our markets, our  communities, our society, and the world that democracy--the  deliberative, respectful resolution of disputes, not through violence  but through debate and through votes by the elected representatives of  our people--is the best system for the governance of societies on  Earth. No better proof of that can be given than by this body  conducting itself in the sort of disciplined, reasonable, appropriate  way that the rules of the Senate allow for. Thus, I will not vote and I  will suggest that the signature of the Presiding Officer also  reinforces that she and many others here, on a bipartisan basis, will  not vote to take the rash step of changing the rules of the Senate to  turn us into the House and to remove the last bulwark, as my friend and  colleague said, that ensures that we have the right to talk our heads  off whenever we might so choose.   I yield to my friend and colleague, the Senator from Alabama.   