 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts and my  friend from Georgia. We are going to see some camaraderie down here. I  agree with the gentleman on this. And I thank Mr. Lamb for pointing out  [[Page H3999]]  clearly what needs to be done to this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the rule. This is one of  those cases, and I think this is important on the rule, because, Mr.  Speaker, we may know it in here, but for Americans who are watching  this, the rule is how we have this debate. And this is an honest  debate.   To be absolutely clear, there is no one in this Chamber who disagrees  on the care for veterans. How we get there is what is different. On  these amendments that Mr. Lamb was proposing to offer or other things  that we would like to bring up to fix this, we should debate it here.   Dr. Roe, the chairman of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, did  this. He had an open rule. I brought up my amendment, it was debated,  and I lost. That is democracy. I understand that. But it is the  conversation that brings our Members in that gets us to consensus.   So, by structuring a closed rule--for the American people watching  this, we already know what the score is of this game. We already know  what is going to happen ahead of time. It is in this deliberative body  that we should be having a detailed debate on this very proposal and  then voting it down.   I think we say it because of time; we say it because of constraint;  we say it because we want to control the flow of what happens here.  Well, maybe the American people don't want that flow a little bit.   We should have this debate, and I will accept losing an argument.  What I cannot accept is five people up in a room up on the third floor  here making something out of order that is clearly in order, and  whether it is accepted or not should at least be debated.   So I don't disagree with the gentleman's assessment. He is right  about us trying to find common ground. There is going to be a lot of  support on this piece of legislation when it comes up, but I think not  having an open rule and an honest debate is selling us short from  getting toward a more perfect bill--not perfect, a more perfect bill.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this closed  rule.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to say the chairman's description of how  this process was done was absolutely 100 percent accurate. The sense of  bipartisanship that went into the writing of this bill, the sense of  purpose in shared values on caring for our veterans, the sense of  dignity and respect that was given to the minority side in dissenting  opinions both from the chairman and his staff was exemplary and what we  should all expect out of our leadership.   This is a piece of legislation that has components of it that have  literally been with me or been on my mind or things that I have tried  to effect for literally two-thirds of my life--24 years in that uniform  and 12 years here.   Much of this, I am proud to have been part of the original authors  with the chairman in writing that, and it brings me to a strange  position today. I am rising personally in opposition, and I say that  this will be my last opportunity to vote on the Choice Act.   I will be leaving this Congress after this term, and after many  positive things--and I have said it time and time again. The leadership  that the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Roe) is showing will probably  not be parallel in terms of care for veterans in the way that he has  approached this. This piece of legislation is critically important--the  caregivers piece in it, the piece on dealing with VA assets and how we  look at capacity going forward, and, of course, Choice.   And I would like to say--and especially to my friend, Sam Johnson-- very few words need to be said about Sam Johnson. We served on the POW/ MIA Commission in dealing with finding the lost remains of our warriors  and dealing directly with the Russian Government. And when Sam  Johnson's name is mentioned anywhere around the world, people stop and  listen. So it is appropriate. I thank the chairman for naming that,  and, of course, with Senators Akaka and McCain.   My concerns on this. This is not a symptom of the VA Committee. The  VA Committee did exactly what it was supposed to do. The chairman did  exactly what he was supposed to do. The VSOs did exactly what they were  supposed to do. But I think this is my last chance to voice, how do we  ever get to the point where we look at long-term stability. How do we  ever get to the point--three times we had to do--and the chairman is  right. I have no doubt that this body, because of the care for veterans  on both sides, will do whatever is necessary when we run short, and we  will.   And next May, when we hit the discretionary spending caps and things  had to be made, I have no doubt, under the chairman's leadership, we  will find a fix, or whoever sits in that chair will try and find that  fix. I thought, and still believe to this day, this was our opportunity  to look at that long-term care--the issue that was going to be the  stability of VA care.   The Congressional Budget Office estimates this bill is going to cost  $47 billion over 5 years. There is not an  [[Page H4041]]  American taxpayer that would not pay every penny of that to go to care  of veterans. This is not about trying to figure that piece of it out.  Paying for veterans care in the community is going to cost $22 billion  on that.   I agree that reforming Choice Programs, consolidating the VA's seven  other community care programs is needed. And I agree transferring this  funding of the Choice Program to discretionary funding so the VA can  budget for the increased cost and all healthcare is paid by that fund.  We must ensure the high cost of community care, though, does not force  the VA to cut other critical veterans services.   It is unfortunate that we have chosen to solve this problem on the  mandatory side by exempting VA care from statutory PAYGO, but we are  not going to do that in the future on the care in the community. It is  not a problem that is going to occur years from now. Everybody in here  who is coming back--and the voters will tell you if you are or not--is  coming. The cost of community care is so expensive, we will not get  through fiscal year 2019 without a similar exemption on the  discretionary side.   This bill fails to address how VA will fund all of its other programs  once this transfer occurs. The Bipartisan Budget Act deal raised VA's  caps by $4 billion to improve VA infrastructure. This increased  discretionary funding responsibility for community care is going to  undermine that deal, forcing VA to cut its own programs and use money  designated for VA infrastructure to fund community care.   That is a choice we can make, and it is a choice that has to be made.  I am just suggesting today that with the good will, the smart policies,  the leadership that was here, maybe we should have gone for the whole  one on this.   I will take the critique that looking for the perfect and throwing  away the good is a fair critique. I am just not sure, in a Congress  with a $21 trillion deficit and a discretionary spending budget that  could be eaten up across there, when is that hard decision ever going  to be made?   It could mean that care provided in VA hospitals and clinics,  construction and maintenance of those facilities, veterans homelessness  programs, and VA research will have to see cuts under the way the law  is made to make sure community care is funded. It could cause cuts to  programs across the Federal Government, including programs that help  veterans with job training, employment assistance, or veterans  treatment courts. Even the expansion of eligibility for caregiver  assistance for all veterans of all generations--a key part of this bill  supported by everyone here--could face cuts if VA hits those spending  caps.   Now, all of us here, it is the job of this committee to be the  authorizing committee, so don't get me wrong. I am not going to put the  pressure where the White House was or to the appropriators, but the  fact of the matter is, after this vote, the Caregiver Support Program  has zero dollars in it. No dollars in it. They are going to have to  come from somewhere, and a budget that the chairman has rightfully told  us has increased fourfold in the last 10 years, we are going to have to  come to grips with that.    I am not suggesting you cut it. I am just suggesting that we budget  honestly on this so we don't run into this nightmare scenario that is  coming in May of 2019. There are concerns over long-term sustainability  without qualified leadership in place to successfully implement the  program.   Here is what I am worried about. If this committee and even this  Congress were responsible for implementation, but once it leaves here,  it goes to the executive branch, I, as the ranking member of the House  VA Committee, am not quite sure who to call up there right now in this  transition. We have been 40 days without a VA Secretary. We don't have  one, that I know of, scheduled to go in front of the Senate for  confirmation at this point in time.   So we are willing to capitulate the authority, the ability to give  this over there, and decisions that are going to affect generational  care in the VA to somebody yet to be placed. That leadership piece  scares me. But again, some of it is relieved because I know you have  got leadership in this House. I know you have got a chairman who cares,  wants to get this right, I trust, to carry that oversight out.   The problem is, administrations come and go; secretaries comes and  go; Members of Congress come and go. That is why we do statutory  requirements on spending. That is why this is now discretionary  spending. That is why there are caps in place that cannot be violated,  and decisions will be made where that is going to come from.   Also, a shortage of 33,000 health providers in the VA and a $10  billion backlog to fix needed facilities that have ``D'' or ``F'' life  conditions, that we should be doing more to address that internal care.  I agree. These reforms are needed. I agree that these programs were  debated in a logical, a fair, and open manner. We got much of what  needed to be done in this. We got much of what is good.   The chairman took this process--exactly what should be expected of  us. My responsibility, as the final time that I will stand here to talk  about how we fund Choice and how we get going for long-term  sustainability, is to ask us to just put in--and we had a couple of  amendments that could do this--ask us with some capacity to be able to  fix that cap piece in this and look for that long-term sustainability.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for bringing  inspiration to everybody in this body and across the country.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Takano), the vice ranking member of the House Committee on Veterans'  Affairs.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from California.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Brownley), my good friend, the ranking member of the  Subcommittee on Health.    Mr. Speaker, could I inquire how much time I have  remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New  Hampshire (Ms. Kuster), my good friend, the ranking member of the  Subcommittee of Oversight and Investigations.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Correa), my good friend and a member of the House  Committee on Veterans' Affairs, who also served a very long time in the  California Senate serving veterans there.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. Esty), my good friend, the ranking member of the  Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, again, to the chairman, I am not writing his eulogy  here, but I would say that is a pretty impressive resume of  accomplishments, going back to the Forever GI Bill, appeals reform,  Clay Hunt Suicide, as just a few, and then this piece of legislation.  The gentleman's work and tenacity for veterans, Mr. Speaker, is second  to none. His dignity and respect for all Members of this House in the  process is legendary.   And for giving this space today for us to talk about and debate on  this floor our shared values, compromise disagreements, but always with  the goal that we are in this together, that is created by an atmosphere  of leadership. It is created by an atmosphere of respecting our  democratic process. It is understanding that this is not about gotcha,  who is this and who is that. It is about looking at what is possible.   So I congratulate the gentleman for putting together a piece of  legislation that serves so many veterans. It has the support of so many  folks, and allowing me on this last opportunity to express those long- term concerns to make sure we don't undermine that, I am forever  grateful for that.   I appreciate the comments and the gentleman from Michigan talking  about the capacity inside the VA, too. We have got incredible providers  there serving veterans every day, and many of them veterans themselves.  I know his commitment to making sure they have the resources necessary  to do their job. It is a priority.   I think the concern that I am showing on the budget gap is just to  make sure that we don't pick one over the other or where veterans care  is. And, as I said, again, if it were left on the shoulders of the  chairman to ensure that would happen, I would sleep well at night. I  just worry that when we don't codify these things, when we have the  uncertainty in the VA right now, that is where my concern came from,  but not from this process, not from an openness, not from a commitment,  and not from the gentleman's willingness to get this thing across the  finish line.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   