 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to join me  in supporting H.J. Res. 2, the balanced budget amendment.   As a businessowner for over 40 years, I am well aware of what it  takes to balance a budget, make a payroll, and operate within my  means--a practice that Washington abandoned long ago, and everyone in  this Chamber is responsible for it.   You know, in business, I had tools like a balance sheet, like an  income statement, like a cash flow analysis, and a business plan to  make decisions on how to spend money and generate revenues. I have  never seen a body that operates in a manner where we vote to spend  money and we have none of those tools available to us.   In fact, we can't even run ratios on this Federal Government to know  if we should even borrow money. In fact, we don't even know if this  government is solvent, other than we know that we can continue to  borrow money. And we know, for every quarter of a percent--that  happened 2 weeks ago--that we borrow, it creates another $50 billion in  mandatory spending. That is what I do know. Let me tell you something  else that I know.   I have been out in the district the last 2 weeks, and I have never  seen optimism like I have seen since I have been in office, and I have  been in office for a very short time. This administration and this  Congress' efforts to reduce regulation and tax reform has created  tremendous expansion and opportunity, particularly for our small  business community. It is growing the economy. We see the effects of  it. It is growing jobs and giving Americans the opportunities they  deserve.  [[Page H3180]]    We know that for every percent this economy grows, it adds $2  trillion to revenues over 10 years. Yes, we have a spending problem,  but don't we want to grow revenues? There are two parts of the balance  sheet here.   Mr. Speaker, I have never been part of a body where you spend the  money first and then you have to vote to increase the debt after you  spent the money. You know, there may be a reason for that in that I  don't know that anybody would vote to increase the debt if you did it  before you spent the money. You don't do that in business. You know,  who has ever heard, in business, of spending the money first, and then  going to the bank to borrow the money? It will not happen, and it  should not happen here.   The legislation we are voting on today is simple. It requires  Congress--and we need this discipline--to not spend more than it  receives in revenue. Facing over $20 trillion in debt in this country,  Congress must make a change to address Washington's out-of-control  spending habits. This legislation is long past due, and I am proud to  vote to finally hold Washington to the same standards that we hold the  American people to.   It is common sense to balance our budgets. I would like to thank the  House Judiciary Committee for all their hard work in getting this  legislation to the House floor, and I urge all my colleagues to join me  in supporting this important legislation.   