 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2511, the  Commercial Engagement Through Ocean Technology Act, as amended, also  known as CENOTE.   This bicameral, bipartisan, and bicoastal legislation advances the  National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration's use of unmanned maritime  systems by coordinating the private and academic sectors with the Navy  on evaluating unmanned maritime systems technology and their utility in  science and management.   The legislation highlights the unique role that nondefense interests  such as NOAA, academia, and the private sector play in the advancement  of unmanned systems, which can gather a wide range of ocean data with  fishery management, navigation, and economic benefits. Additionally,  sensors can be utilized for dozens of meteorological and oceanographic  readings, including acoustics, water temperature, salinity, and much  more.   The evolution of unmanned systems continues to present opportunities  to replace, enhance, and reinforce traditional tools and  infrastructure, such as moorings and manned research vessels, while  minimizing operational costs.   Demand greatly outpaces supply in the fielding of these assets.  Specifically, NOAA is charged with the difficult tasks of mapping,  observing, and exploring our oceans, which cover over 70 percent of our  Earth's surface. It is no surprise, then, that 80 percent of our ocean  is unmanned, unobserved, and unexplored. Because of the limitations of  funding and fielding, NOAA continues the slow process of mapping.   However, legislation like this can assist in the process. This  legislation would require NOAA to leverage the technical and  procurement expertise of the Navy and other partners to assess existing  capabilities and initiate acquisition strategies.   Ultimately, CENOTE is a win for defense, commerce, fisheries,  environmental monitoring, and research and disaster planning and  recovery.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill.   Finally, I want to thank Chairman  Rob Bishop and his professional  staff, Bill Ball, for assisting my office in bringing this legislation  to the floor.   