 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am going to talk quickly because I have got a lot of  people who want to talk, and there are a lot of important things in  this bill.   I want to thank the chairman--he has done an extraordinary job here-- and Chairman LoBiondo, both retiring, and we will miss them. I also  want to thank my colleague Mr. Larsen.   Now, there are many provisions that are very important. I won't get  to all of them here. But flight attendants, thanks to  Michael Capuano  of Massachusetts, are going to get a 10-hour minimum rest period. They  are safety-critical professionals. In the current rules, sometimes they  are only getting 4 or 5 hours a night on certain routes. That is not  right. That is long overdue.   We have to see whether or not we can actually meet the standard of  evacuating a plane in 90 seconds as budget carriers and others cram  more and more seats in that are narrower and narrower, less and less  pitch. Can we still meet those standards? We are going to find out  whether we can or not.   A provision later in the bill inserted by another of my colleagues,   Steve Cohen, will require the FAA, particularly if instructed by this  study, to set minimum pitch width and length requirements for passenger  seats.   The drones--we have 100 reports of drone sightings by pilots in  controlled airspace being illegally operated every month. Sooner or  later, one of those things is going to take down a jetliner with  passengers on board. Until now, Congress has prohibited the FAA from  regulating these drones because the model aircraft people think they  are going to all be grounded. They are not going to be grounded. The  FAA isn't going to go after responsible operators.   You are going have to register. You are going to have to show that  you understand the rules. But the model aircraft people already do.  Many of these toy people, like the one who stopped firefighting in my  district in August, are breaking the law; and we are going to know and  be able to identify them, find them, fine them, jail them, whatever is  necessary to stop these dangerous activities. So that is an incredibly  important part of the bill.   There are certification reforms. Our manufacturers have been waiting  for years. We need to maintain our lead in  [[Page H9035]]  aerospace. We are finally getting certification reform to make their  production of new equipment, modern, state-of-the-art stuff, much  easier.   We are also going to require the FAA to facilitate and defend their  approvals overseas. No more Chinese aviation authority blackmailing our  manufacturers into giving them proprietary information so they can sell  their product in China. That has got to stop. We are going to make the  FAA help our manufacturers over there.   We are going to have some passenger rights here. As I already talked  about,  Steve Cohen with the seat pitch.   There are also consumer protections. We are going to have better  identification of what is going to happen. They are going to have to  post online, with mass cancelations, what they are going to do with  people; permanent prohibition of cellphones in flight.   It did not, unfortunately, include a provision that Chairman  LoBiondo, Drew Ferguson, and I authored to help the airline industry-- or defend the airline industry--from following the cruise line model  where all the crews are going to be foreign and not subject to U.S. law  with flags of convenience. That is something that yet needs to be  addressed.   It does not allow an increase in the passenger facility charge, which  hasn't been updated in about 20 years, and yet airports do not have  sufficient bonding capacity to make the improvements we need to make  the airports flow more quickly and a better experience for passengers.  The airlines should join me in that instead of opposing that.   It also has disaster recovery reform in there. We are going to do  more investment in predisaster mitigation, which will save massive  amounts of money for taxpayers.   We are going to require stronger building codes as we rebuild. It  also has some important things for the State of Oregon that relate to  earthquake early warning and mitigation regarding forest fires.   Finally, we are going to take money that is being stolen from  passengers. Now we have a big fight over a passenger facility charge,  yet the airlines did not raise a stink when the Republican Congress  diverted--raised, twice--the passenger security fee and diverted the  money to nonpassenger security issues, which is delaying the deployment  of new, more efficient equipment by the TSA. We are going to finally  end that practice, not soon enough, but perhaps we can amend that  later.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the  State of Washington (Mr. Larsen).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the Democratic whip.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Lipinski), a member of the committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Cohen), an esteemed member of the committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Nevada (Ms. Titus), a member of the committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Price), a key appropriator on these issues.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Mississippi (Mr. Thompson), my friend and ranking member of the  Homeland Security Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  New York (Ms. Velazquez), ranking member on the Small Business  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from New York an  additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the remaining time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Speier).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I already thanked my colleagues, but I also want to  thank some staff, particularly some of the staff on my side of the  aisle. The staff on both sides worked hard: Alex Burkett; Rachel Carr;  Kathy Dedrick; Janet Erickson; David Napoliello; Luke Strimer; Mike  Tien; in Rick Larsen's office, Alexandra Menardy; and special thanks,  because they don't get thanked enough around here, to the people who  put together legislation that actually works and do yeoman's work  behind the scenes, legislative counsel Karen Anderson, Rosemary  Gallagher, and Stephen Hagenbuch.   Again, this is a good bill. It shows what we can do here when we drop  our partisan cloaks and work together for the good of the American  people, both the flying public and the businesses that are dependent  upon the aviation industry, and, also, the work we did in here on  disaster mitigation, things that should have been done earlier,  couldn't get done earlier.   But in a must-pass bill like this, we were able to come to consensus.  This is a good day for the House of Representatives--unfortunately, a  somewhat rare day.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   