 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am opposed.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill  which  [[Page H6570]]  will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the  bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended.   The Russians attacked our democracy. They will be back and we are not  ready. The President is unwilling to meet this challenge, but we must  be willing to meet this challenge.   The last time our electoral process was called into question post- Bush-Gore, this government spent $3.5 billion to upgrade our election  systems because we treasured the integrity of our democracy. I hope we  still do.   Earlier this year, we appropriated $380 million to the Election  Assistance Commission to provide grants for training, equipment, and  software which will help States fortify and protect our election  systems. This amendment appropriates an additional $380 million to  grants that continue to improve those defenses because our election  infrastructure remains outdated, low tech, and nowhere where it needs  to be to prevent future intrusions.   In the lead-up to the 2016 elections, the Russians targeted the  election systems of at least 21 States and as many as 39. Through the  special counsel's investigation, we now have the names of 12 Russian  intelligence officers that carried it out.   When President Trump was given the opportunity to challenge President  Putin in Helsinki this week, he, instead, condemned his own  intelligence agencies while praising the Russian President.   Mr. Speaker, it was embarrassing, it was un-American, and it was a  clear sign from the President that he will continue to stand by as  President Putin orchestrates additional attacks on our democracy.   This latest episode of capitulation to the Russians was a step too  far for many of you. But tweets will not stop the Russians. This moment  demands action.   The Director of National Intelligence, Dan Coats, recently confirmed  that the Russians continue to target our elections. Forty-two States  continue to use outdated voting machines susceptible to cyber  intrusions. Thirteen States continue to use voting machines that fail  to produce a paper ballot or record.   The overwhelming demand for assistance is there. The EAC issued a  public announcement just 3 days ago that every single State and  eligible territory has requested grant funding with almost 90 percent  of the existing funds already transferred out. But the amount  distributed is only a fraction of what the States need. Election  experts believe that the bare minimum required is $1.25 billion while  this bill zeros out those grants.   We now have the chance to do the right thing. Equipped with the new  revelations from the Mueller investigation and the realization that  President Trump will do absolutely nothing to defend our elections  systems from foreign interference; and with Russia attempting to cast  doubt, uncertainty, and suspicion over the integrity of our election  process, now is the time to double down on our efforts to prevent  election hacking.   The American people are watching, and we must ensure that we, unlike  our President, are on the right side of history during this pivotal  moment in our democracy.   Mr. Speaker, I yield the remainder of my time to the distinguished  gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   