 Mr. President, I think last week or the week before, you  were presiding when I did a speech that I promised I am going to do  every week we are in session until justice is served in Turkey.   It is a speech about this man. His name is Pastor Andrew Brunson. He  was arrested in Turkey in October of 2016. If you want to sum up his  crime, it is for being a missionary. He has been in Turkey for about 20  years, has served the community well, has provided aid and comfort to  Syrian refugees, has provided a place for people in Turkey who want to  come into a Christian church to do just that. He has a small church in  Izmir. You can only seat about 100 people in it, and he didn't even  have that when he started his missionary work.   I should say he is from the Black Mountain area of North Carolina. He  was part of the same church that Rev. Billy Graham was a part of. He  went to Turkey to really pursue his passion and serve in Christ through  missionary work.   In 2016, after the coup attempt, President Erdogan implemented  emergency powers, and he swept up thousands of people and put them in  prison. Pastor Brunson was in a Turkish prison for almost 19 months  without charges--about 17 months in a cell that was designed for 8  prisoners that had 21 people in it.   I was in Turkey about 4 months ago--when I first met Pastor Brunson  personally--to visit him in prison to let him know that as long as I am  in the U.S. Senate, I am going to work hard for his ultimate release.   Then I went back about 6 weeks later, and I sat in a Turkish  courtroom for about 12 hours, and I heard some of the most absurd  charges that could ever be levied against someone to keep them in  prison for what will now be going on 2 years. I told Pastor Brunson I  would be back, and I will continue to be back, until justice is served.   I don't want to get into too many of the details so I will tell you  he was in a courtroom today for another 5 hours. If it bore any  resemblance to the time I was in the courtroom, it goes something like  this: The defense gets to say nothing. They don't get to introduce  witnesses to testify on his behalf. You have secret witnesses, many of  them in a Turkish prison, testifying against him about things like a  daughter posting a meal she had on a social media application that the  Turkish authorities believe linked her to terror because they believe  it is a meal certain terrorist organizations like. It also happens to  be a meal that a lot of people in the Middle East like, but that was a  charge that suggested he was involved in a coup attempt or conspiring  with terrorists.   Having a light on in a church--by the way, in a room that doesn't  have a window--that was supposedly observed by one of these secret  witnesses who are in prison, saying: Well, clearly if there was a light  on in this church, nothing good could have happened because it was in  the middle of the night. Maybe somebody just left the light switch on,  but I am still trying to figure out how they actually saw it because I  have been in that room, and there is not a single window. There is no  way you could have seen it from the outside.   Those are the types of charges that have been used to keep Pastor  Brunson in prison since October of 2016.   Today, he was back, as I said earlier, in a hearing in a Turkish  courtroom for 5 hours. At the end of the 5-hour hearing he was told  that he is going to continue to be in prison until they have another  hearing in October, and that hearing is scheduled for about 4 days  short of 2 years that he has spent time in a Turkish prison.   He has been in prison for 649 days. He is in good spirits--as good as  you can imagine for somebody who is enduring the trauma of being  imprisoned, I think, unlawfully and unfairly.   His wife Norine is in Turkey. She refuses to leave because she is  afraid if she leaves Turkey, Turkey will not allow her to come back  into the country.   They have been separated from their three children for 2 years  because they are afraid to have them come into the country and not be  able to leave.   I am asking the Members of Congress to join with me to apply pressure  on Turkey to have justice done. Justice is releasing Pastor Brunson and  letting him come back home.   We have provisions in the National Defense Authorization Act that  send a very clear message to Turkey that we are serious about this.   I have my own concerns about Turkey because they seem to be drifting  away as a NATO ally and partner and more toward a position I don't  quite understand. I certainly don't understand it in terms of our  mutual interests as NATO allies or as economic partners.   But for right now, I want to focus on a man who has been in prison  for 649 days. I want to focus on other people who worked with the  Embassy who have been in prison for about the same time. I want to  focus on a NASA scientist who happened to be visiting his family in  Turkey--he is a Turkish American--who has been in prison for 2\1/2\  years. We have to educate the American people on a Turkey that has no  resemblance today of what it was just 5 or 6 years ago.   I want to have a positive working relationship with Turkey. I want  increased economic ties and increased military ties. But when you  illegally imprison American citizens, no matter how important that  strategic relationship is, at some point we have to question whether or  not we can go further.   In the meantime, if any of you are planning on going to Turkey, I  would think twice. Make sure that you don't take a picture of somebody  that maybe Turkish officials think is involved in a coup, because that  can sweep you up in it. Make sure that you don't eat a meal that other  segments of Turkish society like, because that may make you a coup  conspirator.   I hope that we solve this problem, but I will tell you that there are  very few things that would ever take me away from coming to this floor  and going into committee meetings and doing everything I can to put  pressure on Turkey until Pastor Andrew Brunson is back in this country  safe and sound with his family. Then I will  [[Page S5035]]  continue to work on all the other people who are being unfairly and  unjustly held in Turkish prisons.   We need to have justice for Pastor Brunson. We need Turkey to be the  ally that we want them to be, and we need President Erdogan to show the  leadership and the compassion to bring Pastor Brunson home.   Thank you, Mr. President.   