 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today--   (Disturbance in the Visitors' Galleries.)    Mr. President, I rise today disturbed by the President's  recent decision to consider easing penalties placed on the Chinese  telecommunications company ZTE.   Looking at ZTE's history of deception and dishonest business  practices, it is deeply troubling to see these penalties cast aside so  carelessly in pursuit of what appears to be a type of chaotic  diplomatic improvisation that has become standard operating procedure  with the administration.   Let me briefly outline ZTE's past actions in order to refresh  everyone's memory on how the company came to face such serious punitive  measures.   In 2016, the U.S. Department of Commerce concluded an exhaustive  investigation, finding that ZTE had knowingly sold products made with  American technology to Iran, North Korea, and other countries banned  from receiving such technologies. ZTE violated these sanctions and  engaged in a deliberate attempt to cover it up.   Once ZTE's deception was uncovered, the Obama administration  announced imminent implementation of export restrictions that would  deprive ZTE of American technology crucial to the manufacturing of its  products.   The threat of sanctions brought ZTE to agree to settle the matter,  and one year later, ZTE signed a settlement, which included more than  $1 billion in fines, the creation of audit and compliance requirements  to avoid future violations, and a promise to punish those individuals  involved in past violations.   Last month, after ZTE was found to have violated the terms of the  settlement and to have then sought to deceive the U.S. Government about  those violations, the Commerce Department announced a 7-year ban on the  export of U.S. components to ZTE.   In essence, ZTE has repeatedly engaged in malign activity by  deliberately misleading the government for years, all while attempting  to deliver American technologies into the hands of State sponsors of  terrorism. The instinct to punish ZTE for this behavior was the right  one.   So it was puzzling to hear, as we did this past Sunday, that the  President instructed the Commerce Department to find a way to ease that  punishment. First the President tweeted that the restrictions needed to  be eased because they would cost China too many jobs.   It now appears that this concession is part of a deal that, if  reached, would have the Chinese Government agree to remove tariffs on  U.S. agricultural products. It must be noted that these are the same  tariffs that China levied in retaliation for the steel and aluminum  tariffs announced, and now being haphazardly applied, by this  administration.   Make no mistake, what we are witnessing here is a nascent trade war-- tariffs leading to tariffs leading to ill-advised concessions,  haphazard exemptions, and so on and so on. Meanwhile, businesses suffer  from increased uncertainty, our national security is threatened, and  international allies find themselves dealing with an American foreign  policy characterized only by chaos and unpredictability.   Punitive measures like sanctions work only when they are consistently  executed. How is any other nation meant to take threats of U.S.  sanctions seriously when we enforce them some of the time and toss them  aside other times when we feel like it? What does such unpredictability  say to our allies about our ability to lead on global issues and our  reliability as a partner in the future?   We are making a mockery of the rules-based international order that  we helped establish. Our foreign policy, whether it relates to trade or  security, must be characterized by stability and predictability, not  confusion and chaos.   We are at our best when our allies and our adversaries know where we  stand. Let us return to that standard.   I yield the floor.   