 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the conference report on H.R.  2, the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018. The conference report we  are considering today would reauthorize farm bill programs for 5 years.   The 2014 farm bill expired on September 30, and while the road to get  here has had a few bumps along the way, I am glad that we are finally  able to reach an agreement, and now it is time to get this done.   During a time when rural America is facing a downturn in the farm  economy and a trade war that is taking a toll on crop, livestock, and  dairy producers from coast to coast, this bill will provide needed  certainty to farmers and ranchers.   The bill continues a variety of commodity, conservation, trade,  nutrition, credit, rural development, research, energy, and specialty  crop programs. It also provides permanent mandatory funding for several  of the programs that first got mandatory funding in the 2008 farm bill  when I was last chairman. These include the Local Food and Farmers  Market Promotion Program, the Value-Added Producer Grant Program, the  BFRDP, Organic Research, and the Section 2501 Outreach Program.   One of the most important pieces in this bill, however, is the  improvement that it makes for our dairy farmers. The economic downturn  in farm country has hit the dairy industry probably the hardest of all,  and in my home State of Minnesota and neighboring Wisconsin, an average  of two dairies are going out of business every day. The provisions in  this bill will provide expanded, affordable coverage options and more  flexibility for dairy farmers, and I am proud to put my name on this  program.   We are also providing $300 million in mandatory funding for animal  disease programs at a time when our U.S. livestock industry is facing a  continued danger from unchecked threats from different areas. That  money will go to increasing our ability to prevent and respond to  animal pests and diseases that harm our animals and threaten the  viability of our livestock operations.   There are folks who would have liked to have seen different  directions taken on several issues in this bill, but this is a  conference report where the House and Senate figure out where the  common ground is.   I am very appreciative of the hard work of the majority and its  staff, as well as my staff under the direction of Anne Simmons and Troy  Phillips. My staff put their whole selves into this bill, and I want to  thank and commend them: Lisa Shelton, Keith Jones, Prescott Martin,  Katie Zenk, Patrick Delaney, and special thanks to my former staffers  who worked on the bill, Mary Knigge, Liz Friedlander, and Evan  Jurkovich, and to Clark Ogilvie, who missed the farm bill so much that  he came to the committee to help us finish it.   Thank you also to Patti Ross in the leader's office and Tom Mahr in  the whip's office for their help, and all the folks at USDA and CBO for  their hard work in getting us to this point; also,  [[Page H10144]]  the House and Senate legislative counsels who helped us put this bill  together.   So I think we have a good bill, a good compromise. I would encourage  my colleagues to support this effort, and I look forward to continuing  the discussion on many of these issues into the next Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr.  David Scott), one of our subcommittee ranking members.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Ohio (Ms. Fudge), one of our subcommittee ranking members.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Costa), another one of our subcommittee ranking  members.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Oregon (Mr. Blumenauer).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have  remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Delaware (Ms. Blunt Rochester), a member of the committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  North Carolina (Ms. Adams), a member of the committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Panetta), a member of the committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Evans), a member of the committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1\1/2\ minutes to  the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Soto), a member of the committee.    Mr. Speaker, I am now pleased to yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Lawson), a member of the committee.    Mr. Speaker, in closing, I thank everybody who was  involved in this, the committee members and their staff. It was a bumpy  road, but we figured out how to get through it and came to a bipartisan  conclusion. That is the important thing.   This is a good bill for my district. I think it is a good bill for  agriculture, in general, around the country, and it is a good bill for  America.   Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to support H.R. 2, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   