 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to discuss, once again, an issue  of utmost importance to the people of Louisiana and to the millions of  Americans who live in coastal States or in a floodplain. I am talking,  of course, about the National Flood Insurance Program, or as we refer  to it, the NFIP.   As one knows, in the absence of reauthorizing legislation, this  program will expire at the height of hurricane season, and its  expiration will leave more than 5 million American families and  businesses without insurance and, therefore, in limbo. For the good of  our national economy, we simply cannot allow that to happen. That is  why I am requesting a vote to extend the program through hurricane  season as either an amendment to our farm bill or after recess as a  stand-alone bill. My amendment to the farm bill is clean. It would be a  6-month emergency extension that would just maintain the status quo and  give flood insurance policyholders peace of mind while allowing us to  put together a viable, bipartisan, long-term reform bill.   As one well knows, flooding is the No. 1 natural hazard in this  country. It poses an extraordinary risk to both life and property. Of  course, families who live near oceans, lakes, rivers, and bayous rely  on the NFIP to protect their homes and businesses. Yet winter storms  and snowmelt also flood thousands of properties every year, and you  don't have to live in a coastal State to have a bad rainstorm. In fact,  you are twice as likely to have your home flood as you are to have it  catch on fire, regardless of where you live. I can assure you that  regardless of where you live, if you have 20 or 21 inches of rain over  a 2-day period, you are going to flood. I do not care if you live on  Pikes Peak.   If you do happen to have your home or business flood, your normal  homeowner's policy is not going to help you. You are not covered. That  is why Congress created the NFIP, and that is why we need to continue  it. Yet we find this program in jeopardy once again. I mean no  disrespect, but Congress has repeatedly and consistently mangled the  reauthorization of the NFIP.   Despite its being the primary source of flood insurance coverage for  millions of American homeowners, Congress allowed the National Flood  Insurance Program to expire four times in 2010, for a total of 53 days.  Those disruptions had lasting effects on ordinary Americans. In June of  2010, for each day the NFIP had been expired, over 1,400 home sales had  been canceled or delayed.  [[Page S4384]]  This had injected uncertainty into a fragile housing market. It had  disrupted mortgage lending and had sent our local economies into a  tailspin. If the NFIP were to lapse this July--and unless we do  something, it will lapse on July 31--the National Association of  Realtors estimates that more than 40,000 home sale closings will be  affected each month.   As it now stands, we have 21 Senate session days until the NFIP  expires at 12 midnight on July 31. I regret to say that no meaningful  progress has been made with regard to our efforts to confect a reform  bill that would continue and improve the NFIP. To make matters worse,  our friends in the House of Representatives decoupled the NFIP from  spending bills in the omnibus, which has only increased the likelihood  that the NFIP will be allowed to expire, which is unacceptable.   Without independent reauthorizing legislation--either stand-alone  legislation or an amendment to our farm bill--Congress stands poised to  bring our domestic real estate market to a standstill and leave  Americans in our coastal States and elsewhere exposed in the middle of  hurricane season. We simply cannot afford to let down that many  Americans who depend on the National Flood Insurance Program.   Again, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this emergency  extension of the NFIP, which I am working on, along with Senator  Cassidy, who is the senior Senator from Louisiana and whose support I  greatly appreciate.   We are a month away from a lapse of the NFIP--21 working days in the  Senate. That is why I am requesting a vote on a clean, short-term,  status quo reauthorization that will get us through hurricane season.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   