 Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 4, the FAA  Reauthorization Act of 2018, which includes provisions of my bill, the  Disaster Recovery Reform Act.   Unfortunately, this is the second time my bill has been considered on  the House floor, because our colleagues on the other side of the  Capitol refuse to take up these critical reforms.   I find the failure to move in the Senate puzzling, especially given  that many of those individuals represent States struggling to recover  from recent disasters. In fact, in 2017, 8 percent of the United States  population was affected by at least one disaster. This statistic  highlights the importance of investing in mitigation infrastructure  before tragedy strikes, which is exactly what my bill would do.   Studies have repeatedly shown that for every $1 invested upfront, we  can save $4 to $8 in avoidant recovery costs.   My bill would allow us to realize those savings by transforming how  we approach disaster spending. It would provide FEMA with the tools to  help our communities plan for, mitigate against, respond to, and  recover from disasters. Both Republicans and Democrats in this Chamber  already recognize the critical need for these reforms.    The Disaster Recovery Reform Act passed out of the Transportation and  Infrastructure Committee by voice vote, and in December passed on the  House floor.   It is my hope that, this time, our colleagues in the Senate would  stop playing politics with peoples' lives and will act quickly to send  this bill to the President's desk.   I know just how important disaster assistance is, because in 2011, my  own district was devastated by flooding from Hurricane Irene and  Tropical Storm Lee. I visited with families and employers affected by  this tragedy, and it made be realize we need to do something to help  communities build better and smarter before disaster strikes. My bill  will do just that.   Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Shuster and my House colleagues for their  continued commitment to making resiliency a priority.   Mr. Chair, I also thank the chairman for including language I offered  with my friend from Missouri (Mr. Graves) in a manager's amendment. Our  amendment would create a new grant program for airport infrastructure  investment. I believe it is critical we invest in our airports, which  are some of the largest economic drivers in the country.   We have an obligation to ensure that this entire system, including  everything from large hubs to regional airports, is maintained and  improved to better serve the American people.   While I was disappointed that our original committee-adopted  amendment to increase funding levels for the  [[Page H3596]]  Airport Improvement Program was not included in the final bill, I am  hopeful that this grant will give airports a new infrastructure tool in  their toolbox.   Mr. Chair, I urge passage of H.R. 4.   