 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation,  the BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer's Act.   It has been great to work with my good friend from New York (Mr.  Tonko). We came here together as classmates in the 2008 election. We  worked together because we wanted to create a public health  infrastructure to help those with Alzheimer's and other  [[Page H10285]]  dementias receive the care they so desperately need.   Over 5 million Americans are living with Alzheimer's and other  dementias, making it the most costly disease in America. In the Second  District, I have met countless Kentuckians who have been affected by  this disease in some way.   I, too, have shared similar experiences with a great-uncle, when I  was a child, having early onset Alzheimer's and seeing my family having  to try to understand and deal with it. When I was a child, it wasn't  understood as well as it is even now.   I watched my wife's grandfather go through it and saw my mother-in- law being the primary caretaker and saw how it consumes the family.   So what it does to the person with the disease, what it does to the  family caring for the disease is of utmost importance in trying to move  towards a cure. But, also, it is fiscally responsible what we are doing  today because, by 2050, it is estimated it will cost the Federal  Government over $1 trillion if we do not have some advances in caring  for and delaying this onset.   I used to say that is for my children and my grandchildren and my  great-grandchildren, but, actually, in 30 years, I will be in my  eighties, so it will be affecting my children. So we need to move  forward, and it is fiscally responsible to do so.   The BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer's Act would direct the CDC to  establish a network to support the prevention, treatment, and care of  Alzheimer's disease. In doing so, we hope to take care of those who  have Alzheimer's and other dementias now and, hopefully, find a cure  for these debilitating diseases in the near future.   This important bill has passed the Senate. I urge my colleagues to  support it today, and I look forward to seeing the President sign this  bill into law.   Before I close, I do want to thank all the staff for their hard work.  This legislation wouldn't be done without them.   Sophie Trainor in my office has worked tirelessly on this and other  bills at the end of this session, and I appreciate her assistance and  help.   