 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from  Alabama, a member of the Judiciary Committee, for her outstanding work  on this issue.   Today, thousands of people are rallying in the Nation's Capital to be  part of the March for Life and to join a celebration of hope and  compassion for those who do not yet have a voice and to save the lives  of the unborn.   Many millions more have viewed videos of representatives of Planned  Parenthood, which performs some 40 percent of all abortions each year.  Those videos, recorded undercover, sadly portray a much darker side of  our society. They show discussions of the exchange of money for the  body parts of aborted babies. They also include discussions of  instances during which in course of an attempted abortion, a baby is  born intact and then shipped to a lab for the use of its body parts.   Congress must move immediately to protect any children born alive  during the course of a failed abortion.   The bill before us today provides that in the case of an abortion or  attempted abortion that results in a child born alive, any healthcare  practitioner present must exercise the same degree of professional care  to preserve the life of the child as he or she would render to any  other child born alive at the same gestational age.   The bill also provides that the child must be immediately-- immediately--transported and admitted to a hospital. If a baby alive is  left to die, the penalty can be up to 5 years in jail. If the child is  cut open for its body parts or if some other overt act is taken, the  punishment is that for first-degree murder, which must include life in  prison or the death penalty.   Babies are born alive during failed abortions. The House Judiciary  Committee heard direct testimony by two grown women who, as babies,  survived attempted abortions. Gianna Jessen's mother was advised by  Planned Parenthood to have an abortion. But as Ms. Jessen testified:  ``Instead of dying, I was delivered alive in an abortion clinic in Los  Angeles.'' Her medical records state clearly that she was born alive  during an abortion.   She continued to say: ``Thankfully, the abortionist was not at work  yet. Had he been there, he would have ended my life with strangulation,  suffocation, or leaving me there to die. I was later diagnosed with  cerebral palsy, which was caused by a lack of oxygen to my brain while  surviving the abortion. I was never supposed to hold my head up or  walk. I do. And cerebral palsy is a great gift to me.''   Just think of that for a moment. Ms. Jessen says cerebral palsy is a  gift to her because it came with the gift of life. She forgave her  mother long ago and gives praise each day for that gift of life, which  she enjoys to its fullest to this day.   Ms. Jessen presented a picture at the hearing showing the results of  the sort of abortion she survived.   I urge my colleagues to support the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors  Protection Act so others who survive failed abortions can have the same  chance to be as thankful as Ms. Jessen and to support all efforts to  save the unborn as well.   