 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the recognition. I thank my  chairman for bringing this resolution to the floor.   I confess I don't have the kind of speechwriter working for me that  my friend from Maryland has. He has always had the gift of prose. I  come completely unarmed with clever prose. I have just got some facts  on my side.   The truth is, Mr. Speaker, and you have been here long enough to see  it, there has been a little bit of truth on both sides of the aisle  today.   There is a little bit of frustration that folks say: Hey. How come it  is true that we are bringing up a balanced budget amendment in the days  after we have just passed a bill that is the largest spending bill that  I have seen since I have been in the United States Congress? I think  that is a legitimate concern. I think it is a legitimate concern.   Now, I come to the other side of aisle, and folks say: It is because  we just passed that spending bill that we have to talk about balanced  budget amendments again.   Why?   Because the House did its work, as all my colleagues recall. The  House did its work underneath the budget caps, on time, before the end  of the fiscal year, in the same fiscally responsible way that I have  seen this body act over and over and over again in the 7 years I have  been here.   Then that bill went across to the United States Senate, where  Republicans don't control 60 votes, and it became a partnership bill.   And the frustration that I have heard on both sides of the aisle  about the level of spending in that bill happened for one reason, and  one reason only: because Democrats voted ``yes,'' and Republicans voted  ``yes,'' and a majority of the Congress acted.   What this balanced budget amendment says, Mr. Speaker--and you have  read it, and if any Members haven't, it is only 3 pages long, so it is  easy to digest--it says: Listen. Spend as much money as you want to.   For all the challenges that my friend from Maryland just recognized,  and they are coming again--for folks who believe economic cycles are  over, I have bad news. Economic cycles are still in effect. The laws of  the economy are still in place, and we are going to have down cycles  again.   What this resolution says is, if you want to buy something, agree to  pay for it. It seems fair.   If you want to spend something in the name of helping your children,  pay for it out of your bank account instead of mortgaging your  children's future to pay for it. I think that seems fair.   And the truth is, Mr. Speaker, you know how culture is. Culture is  hard to change. For the first 200 years of our Republic, the men and  women who ran this Chamber, Republicans, Democrats, they didn't borrow  against the Nation's credit card except in times of war.   As you know, it is only at the end of World War II where we saw  levels of debt at the size that they are today.   But something has happened culturally in my lifetime where we decided  that the responsible thing to do was to spend but not tax.   That is not the responsible thing to do. It is not a responsible  liberal thing to do. It is not a responsible conservative thing to do.   Now, Mr. Speaker, you have heard over and over again talk about the  big tax cut that happened last year for America. I am glad that  happened for America. I am seeing bonuses in paychecks in my  constituency back home. I am seeing new businesses open. I am going to  more ribbon cuttings. I see excitement and optimism on Main Street in  ways I haven't seen it in years. I am excited about that. To my friend  from Maryland's point, that is what he referenced in the Clinton  administration.    There in the 1990s, Mr. Speaker, we didn't cut a penny in spending.  You remember. Congress spent more and more and more and more. But  America was enjoying such a great economic boom, all of that money  folks were making, turns out you can't pay your income taxes if you are  not making an income. Folks were making more money. They were sending  more money to the Federal Government. That is how the budget came to  balance.   Mr. Speaker, over the next 10 years, after the tax cut--after the tax  cut--CBO has just projected tax revenues are going to increase by more  than 60 percent.   I will say that again. For folks who want to do more in America, tax  revenues are going to increase by 60 percent. The only way, then, we  will run a budget deficit is if folks want to spend even more than 60  percent, more than we are spending today.   And guess what, Mr. Speaker. They do. Nobody likes to be lectured in  this institution, certainly not by folks who they don't believe have  credibility on the issue. And we have heard the word ``hypocritical''  time and time again on the floor, Mr. Speaker. I am sorry that is true.   But my friends on the Democratic side of the aisle will remember our  budget process. What I love about the Budget Committee, my friend Ms.  Jayapal, we serve there together, and we have amazing opportunities to  talk.   Candidly, it is not as collegial as either one of us would like. We  shed a whole lot more heat and a lot less light than either one of us  would like on that committee. But when we had an opportunity to bring  all of our ideas to the floor of the House, every single Democratic  plan for Federal spending raised taxes by trillions and reached  balanced budgets never in the 10-year window. That is just a fact.   It is okay because we are talking about priorities and where we  invest our money, and folks prioritized investments over a balanced  budget. That is fair.   Now, on the Republican side of the aisle, every single budget that  came to the floor cut taxes and balanced budgets within a 10-year  window. That reflects our priorities. We believe in balanced budgets.  We believe in cutting taxes.   On the other side of the aisle, folks believe in investments. They  believe in borrowing today so we can get greater returns tomorrow.  Those are perfectly legitimate conversations to have.   But, Mr. Speaker, my frustration is this. What my friend, the  chairman of the Judiciary Committee, has brought before us today is a  simple resolution that says: Put out your best ideas and let the best  idea win; but do not, do not, do not mortgage your children's future  because you lack the courage today to pay for it.   We just increased spending on NIH by $3 billion, Mr. Speaker--$3  billion. We are going to do amazing things together as a nation, things  that are going to make every American family proud. Cures for diabetes,  for Parkinson's, for Alzheimer's. We are going to move the needle for  generations to come. We did that together. We both agreed that was an  investment that was worth making.   But we are $21 trillion in the hole, Mr. Speaker. There are a bundle  of ideas that we can use together to attack that challenge. This is but  one, and it is the one we have before us today.   I would just ask my colleagues, recognize that there is more that  unites us in our drive and desire to do what is  [[Page H3187]]  best for the American people than that divides us. Recognize that we  all want what is best for America.   If you don't believe in balanced budgets, fair enough, but let's not  deride the Judiciary Committee, which has been working on this issue  not for a day, not for a week, not for a month, but for years. This  isn't the first time we have had this conversation. We missed it by one  vote during the Clinton era. This is something that can bring America  together and not divide America.   I know this: If we do not come together, Mr. Speaker, come together  with the votes required for a constitutional amendment, come together  for the votes required to make a courageous change in the direction of  Federal spending, it will be to all of our detriments, and sadly, not  just our detriments, but to the detriments of our children and our  grandchildren as well.   I believe we have a Chamber full of men and women who want to do the  right thing for the right reasons, Mr. Speaker. This is a great way to  start today.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my chairman for yielding me both the time and  for providing the leadership to make this resolution available.   