 Mr. Chairman, why do we invest in agriculture? Because the  ability to eat, to feed ourselves is one of the most fundamentally  important things that goes on in an economy. We make those investments  so that we will always have a sufficient supply of the highest quality  food and fiber at the most affordable prices.   Empires, countries, republics, democracies have been destroyed  throughout history when they lost their ability to feed themselves.   I will tell you a strong farm bill, the investment we make is one of  the key foundations to protecting the Constitution, just like our  responsibilities to have a standing army to defend the coast, to defend  the airspace, to defend our folks.   Maybe you don't want to make that investment, maybe you are willing  to take a chance, but when we don't have enough to eat, it will be too  late to fix the problem.    Mr. Chairman, how much time does the gentleman have  remaining?    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from  Washington State for the opportunity to yield to me to discuss this  important issue.   Mr. Chair, this amendment, some in the room might think perhaps will  target the Market Access Program, but, in fact, it is the Value Added  Producer Grant program.   This is a program that supports and helps producers add value to the  products that they raise.   I would tell you my chief concern at this point in time in the way  this amendment has been offered is that about $8 million of the  rescissions of this program would come out of current programs that  farmers have already applied for. USDA has already scored the  applications, it has compiled proposals to make a decision and  announcement on grant awards; thus, the amendment wouldn't just  adversely affect the small producer-owned wineries, but producers  across the board, including those from Oklahoma who have and expect to  receive grants.   That is not fair. If you played by the rules, if you have gone  through the grant process, if you have qualified, suddenly to have $8  million taken out to punish a particular industry means that even  though you might not be a part of that industry, you lose your  opportunity to add value.   Maybe this is an issue that needs to be discussed on a different day  in a different way, but I ask my colleagues to reject this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I have the greatest of respect for my fellow Oklahoman,  but on this occasion, let's turn this amendment back.   