 Mr. Speaker, it was all only a dream, a dream that  Speaker Ryan would permit this House to work its will and have a vote  to secure the future of our DREAMers, America DREAMers, who Trump one  day condemns as ``illegal,'' then says he ``loves,'' and then goes off  on some racist rant.   Congress, in fact, has been hijacked by 28 percent of the Members who  sit here. Applying the rule that the only thing this House can vote on  is whatever a majority of the majority want us to vote on and blocking  everything else is what creates the problem that we face today. A  minority of this House can say we will not ever get to vote on the  DREAMers or any other number of other issues under the procedures that  are being applied here. And even if 72 percent of this body want to  seek a bipartisan resolution to a matter, we cannot do it under the  rules that are being applied.   So what has happened since the Trump shutdown three weeks ago? What  has been done to secure the future of our DREAMers? What has been done  to fulfill the promise that was made of action on our DREAMers?  Absolutely nothing, zero, zilch--nothing to resolve this problem, and  not even the prospect of action here in the House.   Last week I met again with DREAMers in Texas: a county prosecutor who  enforces our local and state laws, a teacher, a nurse, students-- powerful, emotional stories that they tell--and their employers who are  uncertain about their ability to continue providing the services that  they provide.   Just as Congress has been hijacked by a few Republican extremists,  these DREAMers have been hijacked, and the only question is: What is  the price to solve their problem, our problem?   That price grows by the day. The ransom that is being demanded day- by-day goes up a little bit higher amidst all of the anti-immigrant  hysteria. It is not difficult to resolve this issue. It could have been  resolved before President Trump ever issued his ill-begotten  proclamation in September.   And since I represent a city that is proud to call itself ``Military  City,'' San Antonio, Texas, I find particularly obnoxious the attempt  to pit the security of our DREAMers against the security of our  country. It ignores, for example, the fact that a number of DREAMers  are putting their lives on the line for us in the United States  military.   And what could be more harmful to taxpayers and the future of our  country than to continue to budget week-by-week, month-by-month? Of  course, I am impressed by the number of Republicans who get up here and  tell us: Oh, we just hate these continuing resolutions.   Well, if they hate them, why do they keep doing them? We are on  number five.    Mr. Speaker, what we have is an incredible amount of  bungling, no fiscal responsibility in doing this week by week, month by  month. And the discussion of there being a government shutdown, turning  the lights out, well, the only person who has called for a government  shutdown was Donald Trump back in May, and then he reiterated his call  this afternoon for a government shutdown.   I think he and the Republican intransigents, the ability to block  votes here in the House by a minority--28 percent, almost one-fourth of  the people who are here to block a vote--is what led to the last Trump  shutdown.   And by casting our vote ``no'' today, it is not only about the  DREAMers, but it is the only way that we who do not have a majority can  speak out and say that this fiscal mismanagement has to stop once and  for all. We are tired of taxpayers being charged more money for all  kinds of services and products the government procures just because  this problem is not solved.   Fulfill the dream. Fulfill responsibility for the taxpayers. Vote  against this resolution.   