 Mr. President, it is about time we had a debate, if only  for a few hours, on the participation of the U.S. military in the civil  war in Yemen. Frankly, I cannot comprehend nor am I able to explain to  my Vermont constituents the ongoing involvement of U.S. troops in  support of the Saudi-led coalition as it flies U.S.-origin planes and  drops U.S.-made bombs--purchased at a discount thanks to American  taxpayers--amid continued reports of indiscriminate targeting and  horrific civilian casualties.   These are not isolated incidents in Yemen. They have occurred time  after time over the past 3 years. Houses, health clinics, and markets  are destroyed, millions of people uprooted from their homes. Whether  extreme negligence or intentional and a war crime, the effect is the  same for those who are killed, wounded, or displaced. There is no  evidence that U.S. military involvement nor the recurrent appeals of  international humanitarian and human rights organizations has improved  the situation.   This is not just a matter of the carnage we have observed. It is that  we are supporting these military operations at all. Only Congress has  the power to declare war, and the ongoing participation of U.S. forces  in the Saudi-led coalition's war against the  [[Page S1816]]  Houthis in Yemen clearly meets the definition of the ``introduction of  United States Armed Forces into hostilities'' under the War Powers  Resolution. The War Powers Resolution also authorizes Congress to  direct the removal of U.S. forces if their introduction has not been  authorized by law, as is the case in the war against the Houthis.   That is why I support the resolution before us, S.J. Res. 54, which  would exercise Congress's prerogative to limit the involvement of U.S.  forces, in this case to the narrow purpose of combatting al-Qaida,  which does serve our national security interests in the region. I  recognize, as some others have pointed out, that the war in Yemen is  part of a larger conflict of interests and ideology between Iran and  Saudi Arabia. If there are other legitimate and compelling national  security interests that justify the deployment of U.S. forces in that  region, let us debate them.   We should also be doing more to demand greater transparency and  accountability for civilian casualties in Yemen, regardless of the  context in which they occur. If the Saudis want U.S.-taxpayer  subsidies, they need to focus their efforts on terrorists, take  effective steps to minimize civilian casualties, and credibly  investigate such casualties when they occur.   I have heard Senators who oppose this resolution say they intend to  hold hearings and focus more attention on what is happening in Yemen. I  welcome that, but I have to wonder why it has taken so long and whether  anything will change as a result. Yemen has been a humanitarian  disaster for years, and there is no end in sight. The Foreign Relations  Committee should have held hearings and voted to invoke the War Powers  Resolution when the U.S. military first became involved in Yemen.   This is not a new crisis, and other than the increasing toll of death  and destruction. the facts on the ground have not materially changed.  The Saudis have seemingly done nothing to improve the conduct of their  air force in Yemen.   The least we can do is support this sensible resolution to put an end  to the unauthorized involvement of the U.S. military in this civil war,  as the War Powers Resolution compels us to do. The alternative is  conceding unchecked power to the executive branch to use U.S. troops in  support of any armed conflict, without congressional debate or  authorization. That is just what the War Powers Resolution was designed  to prevent. It is time to live up to the responsibility entrusted to us  in the Constitution. Only Congress can declare war. If we are unwilling  to do so, we have no business asking the men and women of the U.S.  military to risk their lives in Yemen today.   