 Madam President, I rise today to bring to my  colleagues' attention an issue that is important to millions of  individuals who understand that American citizenship is something that  ought to be treasured.   The American people understand that our citizenship is a blessing and  shouldn't be given away cheaply. Unfortunately, for too many years,  this body has witnessed the perversion and degradation of a program  that sells--yes, we sell citizenship to some people.   This program originally had a good purpose. In return for investing  money in underserved areas and creating good-paying American jobs,  immigrant entrepreneurs could eventually become U.S. citizens. Sadly,  in the last decade, this program has been hijacked by big-moneyed New  York City real estate interests--to be specific, the Real Estate  Roundtable. These developers now take almost all the foreign investment  from this program, and for the last few years, they have actively  prevented this body from enacting any reforms and needed reforms.   For those who are not aware, I am talking about the EB-5 Regional  Center Program. I have been fighting in a bipartisan way for years to  reform this corrupt and scandal-clad program. I have been fighting to  protect our national security, to ensure foreign investment is going to  the most deserving areas, and to make sure that American citizenship  isn't sold at rock-bottom prices in order to feed the addiction of New  York interests to cheap money. But no matter how hard I fought, each  and every time we tried to reform this program, these same moneyed  interests have used their political influence and political connections  to block any meaningful reforms. This is sickening and is exactly why  most American people sometimes question what we do here in Washington,  DC.   After more than 3 years of trying to fix this broken and scandal- plagued program, I have finally come to the conclusion that it can't be  fixed, and since it can't be fixed, the EB-5 Regional Center Program  needs to be terminated. Let me explain to my colleagues and directly to  the American people exactly how I have reached that conclusion.   Several years ago, I started working with then-Ranking Member Leahy  of the Judiciary Committee on reforms to the EB-5 Regional Center  Program. Through the hard work and dedication of our staffers, we  discovered the program is riddled with fraud and corruption and poses a  real and serious threat to our national security. I will explain some  of those things we discovered.    First, investments can be spent before business plans are approved.   Next, regional center operators can charge excessive fees of foreign  nationals in addition to their required investments.   Next, none of the jobs created have to be direct or verifiable jobs  but rather are indirect and based on estimates of economic modeling;  again, not knowing for sure if jobs are created.   Next, investment funds from foreign sources are not adequately  vetted. Gifts and loans from anyone are acceptable sources of funds  from foreign nationals.   Next, there is no prohibition against foreign governments owning or  operating these regional centers or projects. So let me emphasize--that  is right--foreign governments can own businesses that sell our  citizenship. Now, think about that.   Another problem is regional centers don't have to certify that they  comply with security laws.   Next, there are no required background checks on anyone associated  with the regional centers.   Just take this example: One need look no further than the indictment  last September of two Chinese fraudsters who stole more than $50  million in foreign investment and managed to sell U.S. citizenship to  individuals on the Chinese Government's most wanted list.   Next, gerrymandering continues in rural and urban distressed areas  and, as a result, lose out.   There is no transparency on how funds are spent and who is paid and  what investors are told about the projects they invest in.   The list can still go on and on and on, but I have given my  colleagues just some examples. I could literally speak for hours about  the corruption of the program.   Faced with this appalling list of fraud, corruption, and national  security loopholes, for 3 years, I have been working with Senator Leahy  and our counterparts in the House of Representatives to produce real  EB-5 reform. Our staffers have spent countless hours, nights, and  weekends meeting with congressional colleagues and industry  stakeholders to hammer out a compromise that is fair to all sides, but  our offers have constantly been rejected by the Big Money industries,  and related real estate roundtables, every single time--not just this  time. We reached a compromise with the vast differences of views to  start out but still ended up with a compromise. Somehow, these powerful  interests are able step in and stop it. This time has been no different  than at least three previous times we have gotten this far.   Let me explain how we have been doing this. For the last year, my  staff, along with Chairman Goodlatte of the House Judiciary Committee,  Senator Cornyn, and Senator Flake--these teams have worked around the  clock to produce an EB-5 reform package. Everyone made numerous  concessions in order to reach a compromise. After more than 20  meetings, and of course countless hours of drafting, we produced a  reform package that was fair to all sides. Our reforms would  reauthorize the Regional Center Program for 6 years, providing the  certainty that industry has long said it craves.   Our compromise would have permanently set aside 3,000 visas for rural  and underserved urban areas and would have increased the minimum  investment amount to $925,000. In recognition of longstanding industry  concerns, we agreed to reduce the investment differential between  nonpriority areas and priority areas to a mere $100,000.   Finally, we would have implemented a host of badly needed integrity  measures that would have cracked down on investment fraud, cracked down  on foreign corruption, and cracked down on bad business practices.   Our reforms had the unanimous support of Invest in the USA, the  largest EB-5 trade association. Our reforms had the support of the EB-5  Rural Alliance, a group working to ensure that rural America has a fair  shake at attracting EB-5 money.   Why are rural areas such a high concern? Because, quite frankly, way  back in the 1990s, that was one of the goals of the EB-5 program--to  help economic development in rural America, but these reforms weren't  acceptable to the Big Money New York industry stakeholders that  currently dominate the program. Because Big Money interests aren't  happy with these reforms, we have been told they will not become law.   I have laid out a lot here, letting it sink in for a minute. In spite  of the fact that reforms were agreed to by  [[Page S1779]]  congressional offices and had the support of the largest EB-5 trade  association, they will not become law because a few EB-5 businesses,  with lots and lots of money and lots and lots of political power, have  used their political connections and influence, once again--for the  third time; maybe even the fourth time over a period of that many  years--to reach some sort of reform on a program we have demonstrated-- I shouldn't say we have demonstrated--we have repeated what the FBI and  national security people and people in the Justice Department have said  about the shortcomings of this program.   I said, at the beginning of my remarks, I finally realize this  program cannot be reformed. I would have to say this for my present  ranking member, Senator Feinstein, she has been telling me that for  three or four years: Forget about reforming it; we ought to do away  with it. The Regional Center Program is simply too corrupted to be  saved, and it needs to be ended.   The American people deserve better than what we are seeing as a  result of hard-working Members of the House and Senate trying to reform  this program and getting nothing done.   So what happens here at the last minute? It will get stuck in an  omnibus appropriations bill to extend it again for a period of time  with the same bad practices that are going on. Why does that have to  happen when it is so obvious what is wrong?   I yield the floor.   