 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Thank you, Mr. President.   Today, we enter the third day of the Trump shutdown, the first ever  real shutdown to occur when one party controls the entire legislative  process. The Republican Party controls the House, the Senate, the  Presidency, and yet they were unable to keep the government open for  the American people.   Leader McConnell knows it takes 60 votes to win passage of a spending  bill, and yet he moved forward with a last-minute extension that he  knew lacked the votes. Both Democrats and Republicans voted against  that bill.   The reason the Republican majority had such difficulty finding  consensus is they could never get a firm grip on what the President of  their party wanted to do. These days you never know whom to deal with  when it comes to the Republicans. The Republican leaders told me to  work out a deal with the White House. The White House said work it out  with Republican leaders on the Hill. Separately, President Trump turned  away from not one but two bipartisan compromises--each would have  averted this shutdown, each would have led to a deal on the budget,  healthcare, disaster aid, and things like opioids, veterans, pensions,  and on immigration.   My recent offer to the President was a generous one. I put his  signature campaign issue on the table in exchange for DACA and still he  turned away. President Trump's unwillingness to compromise caused the  Trump shutdown and brought us to this moment. The facts are well known.   Now I wish to update the Senate on where things stand after this  weekend. Since our meeting in the Oval Office on Friday, the President  and I have not spoken, and the White House refused to engage in  negotiations over the weekend. The great deal-making President sat on  the sidelines. Despite and because of this frustration, I have been  having conversations with the Republican leader over the weekend about  a path forward. After several discussions, offers, and counteroffers,  the Republican leader and I have come to an arrangement.   We will vote today to reopen the government, to continue negotiating  a global agreement, with the commitment that if an agreement isn't  reached by February 8, the Senate will immediately proceed to  consideration of legislation dealing with DACA. The process will be  neutral and fair to all sides. We expect that a bipartisan bill on DACA  will receive fair consideration and an up-or-down vote on the floor.   Now, it is a shame the American people and the Senate have had to  endure such hand-wringing, finger-pointing stridency to secure a  guarantee that we will finally move to address this urgent issue. It is  something the majority could have avoided entirely, a concern the  President could have obviated if he were only willing to take yes for  an answer.   While this procedure will not satisfy everyone on both sides, it is a  way forward. I am confident we can get the 60 votes in the Senate for a  DACA bill, and now there is a real pathway to get a bill on the floor  and through the Senate. It is a good solution, and I will vote for it.   I am incredibly grateful to the bipartisan group that has come  together in recent days to renew the immigration debate with a sense of  urgency. I believe this group has the potential to return the Senate to  the kind of place it should be on the issue of immigration, a place for  bipartisanship, a place for action, a place for achievement. The  bipartisan group, in a very fine way, filled the glaring absence of the  President in these talks.   I expect the majority leader to fulfill his commitment to the Senate,  to me and to the bipartisan group and abide by this agreement. If he  does not, of course--and I expect he will--he will have breached the  trust of not only the Democratic Senators but Members of his own party  as well.   Through these complicated and lengthy negotiations, Democrats have  always sought to be reasonable, to act in good faith, and get something  real done. Despite all of our entreaties, the President was obstinate.  Despite bipartisan support for DACA, the Republican Party dithered.   The Senate has muddled along for too long, content to delay action on  our most pressing challenges until the very last moment. That ends  today. The Republican majority now has 17 days to prevent the Dreamers  from being deported. We have a way to address the fate of the Dreamers  starting right now, instead of waiting until March, with the minority  and the moderate middle empowered to bring a bill to the floor instead  of being held by the most strident anti-immigration voices in the  Republican caucus.   We, on our side of the aisle, will continue to fight as strongly as  we can for the Dreamers in the weeks ahead. I say to all Americans:  Urge your Senators to vote yes on the bipartisan compromise when it  comes forward. Write, tweet, email, phone, visit, do everything you can  so we can finally pass this bill.   In a few hours, the government will reopen. We have a lot to do. The  issue of the Dreamers demands resolution, a budget must be written,  healthcare has to be addressed, relief provided to disaster-stricken  parts of our country, pensions, opioids, veterans, and childcare--all  have to be taken care of. The Trump shutdown will soon end, but the  work must go on, and it will.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, before we call the roll, I ask unanimous  consent that the Democratic whip be allowed to address the Chamber for  3 minutes, with the gracious approval of the majority leader.   