 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as chairman of the Senate Western Caucus  and as a Montanan, I am here to urge the swift confirmation of two  outstanding nominations to serve in the Department of the Interior. The  first is Ryan Nelson, a native of Idaho Falls, ID, as Solicitor of the  Department of the Interior. The second is Susan Combs, a rancher from  Big Bend, TX. She is nominated to be Assistant Secretary for Policy,  Management and Budget.   Both of these positions are critical to managing our public lands and  wildlife. Yet these two well-qualified individuals have been waiting in  a bureaucratic limbo. Mr. Nelson was first nominated over 209 days ago,  and Ms. Combs received her first nomination over 231 days ago.   Mr. Nelson is a great choice to serve as Solicitor. He is a  westerner, and he spends time fishing and hunting with his family in  Idaho. He understands our western way of life, and he has the work  experience to make sure our public lands are managed and protected in  the right way.   His service includes serving as clerk on the U.S. Court of Appeals  for the D.C. Circuit, serving as special counsel for the Senate  Committee on the Judiciary and as Deputy Assistant Attorney General in  the Environment and Natural Resources Division of the Department of  Justice.   At the Department of Justice, he worked to defend vital Federal  programs and oversaw many complex cases involving our natural  resources, wildlife, and environment. He also compelled polluters to  limit harmful emissions into the air and worked with then-Solicitor of  the Department of the Interior David Bernhardt on the listing decision  for the polar bear. Like Mr. Bernhardt, Ryan is capable of upholding  the law and the science, even when it is not easy.   If you want someone who values conservation, who knows the  appropriate use of laws, like the Antiquities Act and the Endangered  Species Act, then Ryan is your guy. The Department of the Interior  needs Ryan's expertise to help make the best decisions possible for the  benefit of our natural resources and the people and wildlife living  around them. His confirmation must be prioritized.   Ms. Combs is also exactly the right person for the job to serve as  the Assistant Secretary for Policy, Management and Budget. Ms. Combs  has had a long and successful career both in business and in public  service, including as a member of the Texas House of Representatives,  as Texas's agriculture commissioner, and as Texas's comptroller of  public accounts. Her proven management track record in public service  and in business is crucial to making the Department of the Interior  more efficient and effective to help ensure the responsible stewardship  of western lands.   Both Mr. Nelson's and Ms. Combs's nominations have been pending  longer than any of their predecessors'--now listen to this--over the  past 25 years. This is not just bad governance; it is a complete lack  of governance. Here is the problem. When you have qualified individuals  like Mr. Nelson and like Ms. Combs who wait in this bureaucratic limbo  for this long, it then puts them in a position to, maybe, find other  employment. We need to find the best people who are willing to serve in  these positions, and we need to give them the respect of moving them  through quickly so that we can keep them with the thought of entering  public service.   Colleagues, it is time to get the job done and move these critical  nominations across the finish line.   