 Mr. President, I started my morning in Kansas City  speaking to 4,000 veterans attending the Veterans of Foreign Wars 119th  National Convention held in Kansas City.   My speech was a message to those Americans whom I hold in highest  regard, our Nation's veterans, and especially those veterans who are  helping other veterans. I wanted them to know, when they signed up to  serve our country, they did not do so in support of any political  party. Those who serve our Nation, and particularly those who paid the  ultimate sacrifice, did not answer the call to support Republicans or  Democrats, but they answered for a higher calling.  [[Page S5119]]    Speaking to thousands of veterans this morning and being in a room  filled with the characteristics that make this country so great--duty,  honor, loyalty, respect--should remind us here in Washington, DC, that  we must work together to do everything possible to ensure that our  Nation's nearly 20 million veterans receive the best our Nation has to  offer. Putting veterans first and setting aside differences has led to  major policy changes and vital veterans legislation such as the John  McCain VA MISSION Act to reform the VA's healthcare system.   Of course, a large part of the task to ensure veterans get the best  our Nation has to offer falls to the Department of Veterans Affairs. I  want our veterans to receive the best care, the best attention possible  from the Department of Veterans Affairs.   In just a few minutes, the Senate will vote on the confirmation of  Mr. Robert Wilkie to be the Secretary of the Department of Veterans  Affairs. I am confident Mr. Wilkie is focused on putting veterans  first, changing the VA culture of any complacency--ridding it of any  complacency--and is ready to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs.   Of course, Mr. Wilkie has numerous monumental tasks ahead of him. The  Department of Veterans Affairs is a massive bureaucracy that has had a  number of challenges in the past, and he will be charged with  successfully implementing the John McCain VA MISSION Act.   The VA MISSION Act, if implemented correctly, will be transformative  for the Department and will make sure the VA continues to serve  veterans for generations to come. I look forward to working with Mr.  Wilkie to accomplish that goal, and I appreciate the interest the Trump  administration has had on implementation of the VA MISSION Act.   I judge whether the VA is working for veterans by what we all call  casework, which is when veterans seek help from me and my staff because  they can't break down the barriers or navigate the VA's penchant to  tell them no. Right now, we have about 80 open veterans' cases and a  steady stream of about 30 cases coming from Kansas veterans each month.  I intend to be an active participant, working with the VA as they work  to implement the VA MISSION Act. I intend to be a constructive  participant in the process for making the VA better for Kansas veterans  and American veterans.   Those in our communities can help as well, not just those in the  Department of Veterans Affairs. It is what we all do as citizens,  educators, and business men and women. One of the first acts is  developing access standards, and folks can provide their feedback until  July 30. So let us hear from the VFW and other VSOs. Let us hear from  veterans. Either the VA or my office can direct you to the Federal  Register site to make those comments known.   I am pleased we are taking the final step needed in the Senate  tonight to provide the leadership to confirm Mr. Robert Wilkie to be  the Secretary of Veterans Affairs.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   