 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up  to 2 minutes.    Mr. President, I rise today to offer an amendment that  would appropriate funding for the Office of Terrorism and Financial  Intelligence at the Department of Treasury to investigate the illicit  trade of synthetic opiates originating from the People's Republic of  China.   In 2016, synthetic opiates killed 19,413 Americans. That is more than  heroin, which killed 15,469, and prescription pain pills, which killed  14,487.    Between 2013 and 2016, deaths involving synthetic opioids increased  625 percent. Most illicit synthetic opioids found in street drugs  originate in China, with some shipped through Mexico, according to the  Drug Enforcement Administration and United Nations narcotics monitors.   China produces over 90 percent of the world's fentanyl and exports a  range of fentanyl products to the United States, including raw  fentanyl, fentanyl precursors, fentanyl analogues, and fentanyl-laced  counterfeit prescription drugs, like oxycodone and pill pressers.   Unlike previous epidemics where there are a few underground sources,  many manufacturers of fentanyl and fentanyl precursors in China are  legitimate companies legally producing and exporting legitimate drugs  and chemicals to the United States. According to the U.S.-China  Economic and Security Review Commission, ``the primary obstacles to  controlling fentanyl and NPS flows lie in China''--China itself.   Unfortunately, China has yet to meaningfully crack down on the  illicit production and export of these drugs and their derivatives,  despite the urgings of the President of the United States and all of  our officials. Just 2 milligrams of fentanyl will kill most people.   This amendment is simple. It dedicates $1 million for the Office of  Terrorism Financial Intelligence within the Department of Treasury to  study the illicit trade of synthetic opioids coming into our country  from China. This is consistent with the office's dual mission  safeguarding the financial system against illicit use and combating  rogue nations, terrorist facilitators, weapons of mass destruction,  money launderers, drug kingpins, and other national security threats.   I urge the adoption of this much needed amendment.   Thank you.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   