 Mr. President, I rise today to talk about tariffs and  their impact on Montana's family farmers and businesses. In Montana we  have more than 27,000 family farms and ranches. Folks who farm and  ranch these lands are descendants of homesteaders and pioneers,  including myself. They are also young producers who may be preparing  for their first harvest. Might I add that we don't have enough young  producers in our State. The population of farmers is getting far too  old.   These folks work 7 days a week, for long hours, to raise the food  that feeds our families across this world, and they power our rural  economies in this country. Farmers and ranchers are small business  operators and owners who are always on tight margins and always are  looking to make sure that they can make the books balance by being on  the positive side of the ledger. Why? So they can keep their farms and  ranches viable to be able to have the next generation take over their  operation. Just like any other business--a local bar or a hardware  store--you need to be able to make a profit to stay in business.   Producers need to make sure that they have predictability in input  costs--we are talking about fertilizers, fuel, and seed--and  predictability in markets, the places where we sell our grain, which  has always been a challenge and which has become more of a challenge  over the past 6 months. When farmers plant a crop, they need to know  there is a market for that crop, because if there is not, it can put  them in a world of hurt financially.   Unfortunately, in Montana, we are preparing to harvest winter wheat  crops as we speak. Spring wheat crops will soon be coming, pulse crops  will soon be coming, and oil seeds will soon be coming. The fact is  that there is no certainty in any of those crops right now. Why?  Because our farmers and our ranchers are being used as pawns in a trade  war that I can guarantee not one of them asked for.   This trade war is eliminating access to foreign markets that have  taken generations to develop and putting family farm and ranch  operations in a financial pinch--such a severe financial pinch that we  haven't seen anything like it since the 1980s, when we saw a mass  exodus off the land due to bad ag prices.   The retaliatory tariffs against family farmers and ranchers is  harming Montana's No. 1 industry, agriculture. Montana's grain  producers produce about $2 billion worth of wheat, barley, pulse crops,  and oil seeds every year. Since the middle of June, the price of No. 1  Dark Northern Spring wheat in southeastern Montana has fallen more than  60 cents a bushel. That is more than 10 percent, and the same can be  said throughout the State of Montana.   To put that in perspective, just think what would happen in your  business if your prices were reduced by 10 percent right off the top.  It would put you in a world of financial hurt, and that is where  Montana's farms and ranches are today. If prices continue to plummet,  some of these families who have been on the land for over 100 years  will be forced to make some very difficult decisions in the next 6 to 8  months.    These tariffs are eliminating producers' access to foreign markets-- markets that are in Asia and Europe and markets in Canada and Mexico.  In Montana, we sell our grains and our beef to these countries and  others: China, Japan, South Korea, Mexico, Pacific Rim countries, and  European Union countries. These exports didn't just pop up overnight.  They came to fruition after years of hard work, good faith and trust,  and negotiations.   Negotiations and trust are being thrown out the window with these  tariff fights. In some cases--Japan, for example--it has taken multiple  generations to establish these export markets. If we lose them, it will  take many generations to get them back. Countries such as Argentina and  Russia are circling the markets like sharks, wanting to strike the  minute we lose a grip on them to fill those voids.   Take, for instance, Mexico. Mexico is the largest importer of Montana  barley in the world. For years, Mexico bought Montana's barley to be  able to make beers, like Corona and others. These tariffs have put  those markets at risk to the point that one Mexican barley buyer told  one of the folks from the barley association of Montana: I don't know  that we can depend on America to supply our barley anymore because  these tariffs have put our markets at risk.   As a result, Mexico, which is a huge importer of American wheat, just  this last spring turned toward Argentina for their wheat for the first  time ever. They signed a contract for Argentine wheat to take the place  of the wheat from this country, of which Montana is a part and will no  longer be supplying.   The real question is, How long is this going to have to go on? We are  faced with enough uncertainties in production and agriculture with  weather, drought, hail, bugs, and disease. The list goes on.  Unfortunately, this is a manmade problem.   I get it. I think the President is right when he talks about holding  China accountable. They have stolen a lot of intellectual property.  They manipulate their currency. But to put on tariffs where retaliation  comes on ag products is not the right direction to go. We can get their  attention by other ways.   I would also say that these tariffs aren't just felt by farmers and  ranchers. They are felt by other businesses too. For builders, for  example, their costs are going up. In 2016, the voters of Missoula, MT,  approved a $30 million bond to build a new city library. They started  the project, but tariffs on steel sent material costs soaring. Now the  cost of rebar alone has increased the cost of the project by $100,000.  Library officials have told me that as a direct result of these  tariffs, they are preparing with a need to go out and raise another  $500,000 to finish this project. The people of our State have to pay  that price.   One of Montana's fastest growing industries is microbreweries. It is  a real success story, employing a lot of folks and adding value to  grains in our State. They are being hit hard by tariffs on aluminum.  These emerging businesses have no other option but to pass that cost on  to their patrons.   So we are paying both ways, folks. We are paying on the tariffs  coming in, and we are paying on the tariffs being put on our products  going out.   In agribusiness, for example, everything that is made of steel is  going up and going up significantly. From I-beams to cattle guards, to  posts for fencing, to metal for storage bins, anything made out of  steel is going up significantly. Manufacturers who have been on the  rebound since the 2008 financial crisis now have a hard time bidding  contracts on materials. Less of their money is going into their  pockets, if there is any left at all, because of these tariffs. Every  sector of our economy is feeling the pinch of this escalating trade  war.   Fair trade is really important. Getting manufacturing back to this  country is really important, but it doesn't appear that we are doing  those things. Instead, we are putting our existing businesses--whether  it is in production or agriculture, construction or manufacturing--at  risk with these trade wars.   We should have open markets. Those markets need to go in both  directions, but we shouldn't be driving people into bankruptcy in the  meantime. That is what is happening.   I ask: What is the end game? If this trade war continues, I had an ag  banker tell me that family farms and ranchers have about 18 months  before they have to start liquidating. That is the reality we are  facing, and that is not very long.   That is the reason why this body needs to understand that we need to  send strong messages to the administration that they can't use farms,  ranches, and small businesses as bargaining chips. Their livelihoods  are on the line.   Earlier this month, I hosted a roundtable discussion on tariffs at  the Billings Chamber of Commerce. I was able to meet Montanans eyeball  to eyeball,  [[Page S5036]]  and I heard their concerns. This is not a political issue. These  tariffs aren't targeted toward Democrats or Republicans. They are  targeted at everyone. Ag producers at this moment in time are probably  carrying the majority of the load. It needs to stop before the damage  is irreversible.   My grandparents homesteaded the land that we farm and lived through  the 1930s. My folks, who took over the land, took the farm over in the  early 1940s and lived through a lot of hard times themselves. My wife  and I took the farm over in the late 1970s, and we saw what happened in  the 1980s. We have seen what happens in agriculture, where so many of  the folks can't make it on the farm anymore, and they have to have jobs  off the farm to be able to make the books balance.   These tariffs are making things harder. We have been down difficult  paths in this country before. I don't believe we can afford another  punch to the gut in rural America. I will continue to fight for and  defend the folks who put food on our table, but their bottom lines are  being severely, severely impacted by this trade war.   Now look, the legislation we passed last week is a start. The Senate  version of the farm bill provides a safety net, but I am here to state  that if things continue to go south for our markets, we are going to be  faced with a bill that dumps a bunch of money into production  agriculture to keep these folks afloat. Why? Because of tariffs that  are being put on ag products. It doesn't have to be this way.   We are an equal branch of government. I believe that both Republicans  and Democrats can work on this issue in a commonsense way, especially  in this body. The administration needs to understand that if they keep  continuing down this war of who can put the most tariffs on products,  we are going to have a hard time keeping our businesses afloat,  particularly our family farms and ranches in this country. That will  not help with food security for our country, and the long-term negative  impacts of that are unacceptable.   I yield the floor.   