 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, though I plan to withdraw this  amendment, I seek to enter into a colloquy with my good friend,  Chairman Conaway, regarding the Conservation Reserve Program and to  express concern with the number of acres authorized in the CRP program  in H.R. 2.   Chairman Conaway has been a strong chairman and a leader for  America's farmers, and for that I would like to thank him.   CRP is a well-intended program that has a place in protecting  sensitive lands; however, the program should not be expanded beyond  levels currently authorized in the Agriculture Act of 2014.   The Agriculture Act of 2014 reduced the national CRP acreage cap from  32 million acres to 27.5 million acres in 2014 and to 24 million acres  in 2018. H.R. 2 would then increase this cap by 1 million acres each  year to a maximum enrollment of 29 million acres by 2023.   USDA's Farm Service Agency's CRP enrollment data reveals that, for  the 2016 fiscal year, 23.9 million acres were enrolled in CRP,  representing approximately 7 percent of the U.S. cropland. Rental rates  and leases offered by the Federal Government are often much more  lucrative than farming would be.   While congressional directives and a favorable farm economy in prior  years led to lower CRP enrollment, nearly one-quarter of all land  enrolled in CRP has been enrolled for more than 20 years, including 2.7  million acres, or 12 percent, enrolled for more than three decades  since the inception of the program. During the 2016 fiscal year,  payments for CRP lands totaled $1.7 billion.   As our Nation's farmers and ranchers face the challenge of meeting  the increasing demand for food and fiber in the U.S. and abroad, I ask  the chairman: Should America's producers be forced to continue  competing with Federal programs for access to farmland?   I yield to the gentleman from Texas.    Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for his  leadership and commitment   Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment.   