 Mr. President, I thank the chairman of the Judiciary  Committee for his support and for his very indepth analysis of how this  works and why it is constitutional.   I ask unanimous consent that Senator Warner and I be permitted to  conclude our remarks prior to the cloture vote.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I thank the chairman of the Judiciary  Committee for his support and for his very indepth analysis of how this  works and why it is constitutional.   I ask unanimous consent that Senator Warner and I be permitted to  conclude our remarks prior to the cloture vote.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I thank the chairman of the Judiciary  Committee for his support and for his very indepth analysis of how this  works and why it is constitutional.   I ask unanimous consent that Senator Warner and I be permitted to  conclude our remarks prior to the cloture vote.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I thank the chairman of the Judiciary  Committee for his support and for his very indepth analysis of how this  works and why it is constitutional.   I ask unanimous consent that Senator Warner and I be permitted to  conclude our remarks prior to the cloture vote.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I thank the chairman of the Judiciary  Committee for his support and for his very indepth analysis of how this  works and why it is constitutional.   I ask unanimous consent that Senator Warner and I be permitted to  conclude our remarks prior to the cloture vote.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I thank the chairman of the Judiciary  Committee for his support and for his very indepth analysis of how this  works and why it is constitutional.   I ask unanimous consent that Senator Warner and I be permitted to  conclude our remarks prior to the cloture vote.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I yield to the vice chairman of the  Intelligence Committee.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Virginia.    Mr. President, I yield to the vice chairman of the  Intelligence Committee.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Virginia.    Mr. President, I thank the vice chairman of the committee,  and I say to those who are opposed to this, I have great affection for  all of you. They have passion which really displays their belief that  the American people need to be protected from government.   Let me just say from the start, this is the single most reviewed  program that exists in the Federal Government. This is reviewed  congressionally--it is reviewed by the courts, it is reviewed by the  DNI, it is reviewed by the inspector general and the Department of  Justice--because, on the committee, we realize this requires not just  the stamp of approval from Congress but the assurance by the  Intelligence Committee and by every branch of government that it lives  within the parameters we set.   I am not sure everybody could have heard a more thorough description  than what Senator Warner just gave and a more overwhelming voice of  support than what the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Senator  Grassley, gave, but let me take head-on a couple of issues that have  come up and claims that have been made on this floor this afternoon.   One is, this is unconstitutional. Well, let me just be clear. This  has been tested in the courts, and the courts have ruled this program  is lawful, and it is constitutional. So any claim outside of that is  not a claim from the Judiciary, which we trust, it is a claim from an  individual, and I believe we should, in this case, trust the courts.   Let me say, Congress recognized the constitutionality of section 702  when it reauthorized the bill in 2012. Further, Federal courts have  consistently upheld the constitutionality of 702. For example, in the  United States v. Mohamud, the Ninth Circuit, December 5, 2016, the  court unanimously held that no warrant is required for a search  targeted at a foreign person abroad who lacks Fourth Amendment rights,  even though some U.S. persons' communications are incidentally acquired  in that collection.   The court found that section 702 collection was reasonable under the  Fourth Amendment, the reasonableness balancing test, and the targeting  and minimization of procedures sufficiently protected the defendant's  privacy issues. It is contrary to things you heard on this floor in the  last hour, but this is the Ninth Circuit, December 5, 2016, making a  ruling based upon this incidental collection that applies to U.S.  citizens.   What the vice chairman just shared with you is, we went a step  further. We didn't leave it just with the court to determine  constitutionality and the lack of a Fourth Amendment protection. We put  into the bill that if it didn't have a national security implication-- if it was a criminal act, and it was going to be prosecuted in the  courts that way, before they could look at the content of that  communication, it required them to go to the court and seek and get a  warrant before, in fact, they could look at content.   So not only do we have the courts on our side saying there is no  Fourth Amendment protection, we have gone a step further and said: In  the case of U.S. citizens, if, in fact, they were incidentally  collected and if, in fact, the information that was in the database is  going to be used for a criminal case--Senator Paul talked about  marijuana--they would have to actually go to a court and get a warrant  from a judge to look at that content, which means you are going to have  an FBI agent who is going to make a determination whether the content  of that message is valuable enough to go to the courts and seek a  warrant. This is a protection for the American people. It is not a  requirement for the Fourth Amendment or for the constitutionality of  702.   Now, let me just say to my colleagues, if there are any on the fence  post, the Director of National Intelligence is off the floor in the  Vice President's Room. If you need one of the guys who has to oversee  this program, who understands the importance of it, he is here. He is  ready to talk to any Member. Why? Because 702 is the single most  important national security tool we have in the United States.   If you ask me to sum up what is this bill for, this is to allow  government to keep the American people safe. This bill does more to  allow law enforcement, intelligence, the Congress of the United States,  and the executive branch to assure the American people of their safety.  That is at the heart of what Congress is established for. Spending and  all these things come after that, but the defense of the country,  defense of each individual American is what is at the root of our  responsibilities, and 702, as it relates to this age of terrorism, is  the single most effective tool we have to assure the American people we  are doing everything we can to provide for their safety.   I might add to that, from a standpoint of the international  collection and the international cadre of terrorists, we are able to  share with other countries in a way nobody else can when their country  is in jeopardy of a terrorist attack, and we have multiple examples  where we have shared with our partners around the world--and, I might  add, we don't necessarily require them to be a partner of ours to share  this with them. We take countries we have no relationship with, maybe  that we don't like too much--but America is unique. If we see a  terrorist attack that is imminent, we will share that with any country  in the world, even our hardest enemies. So let me put aside for any  question that section 702 is lawful and it is constitutional.   Let me go to the rigorous oversight that I think the vice chairman  described: It is overseen by the Foreign Intelligence Service Court. It  is overseen by the Department of Justice and the IG. It is overseen by  the Congressional Intelligence Committee. It is required to be  evaluated on an annual basis by the Justice Department and by the  Bureau for procedures they have to follow.   I can't stress enough that the committee--your committee--your  colleagues in Congress are the ones who you should feel most confident  after reviewing and providing proper oversight for this program. You  see, it is those individuals who reach the clarity that is needed for  this body and for the Congress to look at the American people and say:  We haven't crossed the line. We have stayed within the legal box that  was created.   Don't leave it to me. Let's use the Privacy and Civil Liberties  Oversight Board or, as we like to refer to it, the  [[Page S180]]  PCLOB. In 2014, following an extensive review, PCLOB specifically noted  in that review, to date, there are no known instances in which  government personnel deliberately violated the statute, targeting  procedures, or minimization procedures.   Let me say that again. The Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight  Board--which many here created--came out and in their report said: To  date, there are no known instances in which government personnel  deliberately violated the statute targeting procedures or minimization.   At the same time, in that report, PCLOB made a number of  recommendations to the government intended to enhance the safeguards  for privacy and civil liberties in section 702. In February 2016, the  Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board reported that all of its  recommendations had been implemented, in full or in part, by the  government.   Let me say that again. In February 2016, every recommendation that  the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board made about this  program, the PCLOB certified that those had, in full or in part, been  adopted by the Federal Government.   If you only go on what you heard over the last half an hour or an  hour, you would think this is riddled with questions of  constitutionality and that there are massive abuses. The fact is, there  have not been any, and the courts have ruled that it is constitutional,  it is legal, and it does not infringe on the Fourth Amendment at all.   Let me say to my colleagues, I expected we would be here. We had a  heated debate in the committee. The Presiding Officer remembers that  well because he is on the committee. We considered a lot of amendments,  and at the end of the day, we came out with a bill that is very similar  to what we have today. A 12-to-3 vote shows tremendous bipartisan  support.   Now, if Senator Warner had written it by himself, it would probably  look different. If I had written it by myself, it would probably look  different. What we are asked to vote on today is a bill that looks  different than what we passed out. It is a little bit stronger from the  standpoint of the protection of privacy because it does institute this  warrant requirement if, in fact, you want to see the content of any  collection out of 702 dealing with a criminal process.   If it is national security, we are doing exactly what I think the  American people want us to do. We are using the data we have to find  the people who want to commit these acts and stop them before they do.  If that is not the intent of this, then this probably shouldn't exist.  If anybody believes terrorists have quit, and we are no longer a  target, then eliminate this.   I am closer to the line than I ever thought I would be before I got  to the U.S. Senate and certainly before I became chairman of the  Intelligence Committee, but I do understand responsibilities.  Responsibilities make sure those individuals whom we charge with  protecting the American people have the tools they need to accomplish  it. It is the reason we are debating, on this floor and at the other  end of the Capitol, the funding of our military. It is to make sure our  military has the tools they need to go out and do the mission they have  been asked to do.   Well, from the Bureau to the intelligence community, we have asked  them to do everything they can to make sure Americans stay safe, and  this has been the most effective tool, with no abuses to date--and that  is the determination of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight  Board, not a right-leaning institution--and the fact is, the government  has lived exactly within the letters of the law that we have described.   So I urge my colleagues to vote for cloture. Let's move on to the 30  hours on this bill, if that is what, in fact, everybody demands. We  have already extended it temporarily. That is not a sign of confidence  to those who work in the trenches and we ask to keep us safe.   Let's do the bold thing. Let's finish this. This is a bicameral,  bipartisan, negotiated bill--both sides of the aisle and both ends of  the Capitol. It is time we do our business. I urge my colleagues to  vote yes for cloture.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.   