 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I would like to speak on behalf of my  constituents and the tens of millions of Americans who rely on a free  and open internet.   Make no mistake, we are locked in a historic battle to preserve the  core principles of competition, innovation, and consumer choice that  have made the internet the world's greatest platform for commerce and  communications; a historic battle to restore the hallmark of American  innovation and democratization; a historic battle to protect America's  innovation incubator and job generator--a battle for net neutrality.   In December, the Trump FCC, the Federal Communications Commission,  eliminated net neutrality. These rules prevented your internet service  provider--Comcast, Verizon, AT&T, and Charter--from indiscriminately  charging more for internet fast lanes or slowing down or even blocking  certain websites entirely, the very rules that allow inventors,  entrepreneurs, and small businesses, the lifeblood of the American  economy, to connect to the internet.   The reason why is simple. The Trump administration sides with the  rich and the powerful first and consistently puts everyday American  lives last. We have seen them wage an all-out assault on healthcare, on  climate change, and now on net neutrality, but today the internet is  fighting back, and we have a powerful tool at our disposal that will  allow the average consumer to have their voices heard right here on the  floor of the U.S. Senate.   Today I am officially introducing a CRA--Congressional Review Act-- resolution that will fully restore net neutrality. The entire Senate  Democratic caucus is now standing with the millions of Americans who  want to reverse the FCC's partisan actions and restore net neutrality.   Net neutrality is not and should not be a partisan issue. I thank  Senator Susan Collins for supporting my CRA, and I encourage other  Republican colleagues to stand with all of us who support net  neutrality. We are just one vote away in the Senate from restoring net  neutrality. There will be a vote right here on the floor of the Senate  sometime this spring. The clock is ticking. We just need a simple  majority for passage, and that is just one more vote.   When we take that vote, every one of my colleagues will have to  answer the simple question: Whose side are you on? Do you stand with  hard-working American families for whom the internet is essential or do  you stand with the Big Money corporate interests and their army of  lobbyists? We should all be on the right side of history.   Millennials are motivated. Momentum is building. Citizens are joining  together demonstrating, writing letters, calling their Members of  Congress, and taking this message to social media. They are joined by  groups that include Fight for the Future, Demand Progress, Free Press,  the Center for Digital Technology, the Center for Media Justice, Color  of Change, Common Cause, Consumers Union, Engine, the National Hispanic  Media Coalition, the Open Technology Institute, Public Knowledge, and  many others out across the country that are organizing right now as  part of an effort that is going to bring millions of voices into the  offices of every Senator and every House Member in our country.   This fight is not limited to the Halls of Congress. We are seeing a  historic groundswell of activity at the State and local level. The  Governors in Hawaii, New Jersey, Vermont, Montana, and New York have  issued executive orders promoting net neutrality.   State legislatures in more than half of the United States are  currently considering net neutrality legislation. Just today, 76 mayors  across the Nation signed a letter opposing net neutrality repeal, and  23 State attorneys general have filed suit to reinstate the rule, and  we plan to stand by them throughout this entire battle, in the court  and out here on the floor of Congress.   We cannot let net neutrality be another example of Congress  disregarding public opinion and putting donor interests first. Net  neutrality is our 21st century right, and we will fight to protect it.  In fact, 83 percent of all Americans in polling say they want to  protect net neutrality. By the way, that is pretty much every  millennial, because for millennials, the internet is like oxygen. I  will say that if you are 35 years old or younger, the poll is at pretty  close to 100 percent.   I can see all the pages nodding their heads as I am speaking. They  know no life without a device that they are carrying around. This is  the world in which we are living, and they do not want to have any  discrimination introduce itself into the relationship they  [[Page S1232]]  have between the internet and their ability to control their own lives.  That is what the battle is all about, those nodding heads of the pages  in the well of the Senate. Those are the people who are going to be  making a difference, the millennials, the generation Z young people who  want this to be open for entrepreneurial activity and for democracy.   