 Mr. President, I see the distinguished Senator from Alaska  on the floor. I will not be long, as I noted to him. I am speaking in  my capacity as the Democratic manager of the legislation before us.   I think--like most of us and most people in the country--we are  frustrated by what is happening, because I have only heard one person  say they want a government shutdown, and he got exactly what he wanted.  It was President Trump who said the country could ``use a good  shutdown.'' President Trump said a shutdown would be ``good'' for him  politically. It was President Trump who tweeted yesterday that the  shutdown was a ``nice present'' to himself.   Well, the United States of America is not designed to give presents  to the President. We expect Presidents to do what is best for the  country, not for themselves.   The best for the country would be not to have a shutdown. People are  suffering under the Trump shutdown. For him to call it a ``nice  present'' to himself escapes reality.   In fact, as he rubbed shoulders with the superwealthy at his father's  fundraiser last night, the President's son said a shutdown is ``a good  thing for us politically.'' It is hard to make up this kind of  detachment from our country.   I want to make one thing very clear to President Trump, there is no  such thing as a good government shutdown. It is not a good thing that  today medical research is ground to a halt. It is not a good thing that  families in Vermont or New Hampshire who are trying to help their loved  ones overcome opioid addiction cannot access the resources they need.  It is not a good thing that readiness training exercises for our  military were canceled this weekend.   The President apparently is thinking of himself and playing the  politics of fear and obstruction. In fact, he was actually prepared for  it. One would think he was hoping for it. Yesterday morning, the first  day of the Trump shutdown, the President's campaign posted a video that  was nothing short of racist fearmongering. Propaganda meant to scare  the American people has no place in our democracy.   Instead of playing the politics of fear, the President should be  leading and working with us to reach a bipartisan deal and a path  forward. That could be done if the President really wanted to lead  instead of talking about what is a good political present for himself.  I think he knows this.   In 2013, when talking about the government shutdown at that time, he  said the President has ``got to get everybody in the room and he's got  to lead,'' but so far the President and Republican leadership continue  to lock Democrats out of the negotiations. When they do that, they  exclude the voices of half the American people.   This morning, the President even said the Senate should change its  rules to permanently exclude the input of the minority party. Well, I  have been here many times in the majority and many times in the  minority. I can't think of Republicans or Democrats who want to take  that chance because someday the shoe is always on the other foot.   That is why I was so proud to be asked by Senator Bob Dole--one of  the great leaders of this Senate, a Republican leader--to speak on his  behalf at the Gold Medal presentation this past week. He knew both  sides have to work together.   I have long said the Senate can be the conscience of the Nation. It  can be the conscience of the Nation precisely because it forces  bipartisan compromise. It forces the inclusion of views from across the  political spectrum, because its Members--and I include the Republican  leader, the majority leader today--have a deep respect for this  institution. They are not going to take a sledgehammer to the Senate.   It is the majority's responsibility to produce a bill to send to the  President. They didn't get 60 votes because they had not negotiated  with Democrats. Republican leadership presented the Senate with a bill  that was produced behind closed doors, with no involvement from the  Democrats, and, I suspect, no involvement from many of their own party.  They allowed no amendments. That is a recipe for failure, and that  failure and the President's inability to keep his word put us here.   The Republican Party controls the House, the Senate, and the White  House, and it is their job to govern and to lead. It is their job to  reach out to us and come up with a compromise. In my 43 years here, I  have been in so many of these compromises with people across the  political spectrum, where no one gets everything they want, but the  country was far better off.   The President promised to treat DACA recipients with ``great heart.''  Instead, he is holding our Nation's Dreamers hostage to a rightwing,  anti-  [[Page S404]]  immigration agenda. He rejected a bipartisan deal--actually, the  bipartisan DACA deal with Senators Graham and Durbin and others from  both parties--specifically drafted to meet what the President said were  his demands.   In the wake of his heartless decision to end DACA, nearly 122  Dreamers lose status every day--122 yesterday, 122 today, 122 more  tomorrow. The Trump administration has acknowledged to Congress that  implementing any Dream legislation will take up to 6 months, during  which tens of thousands more Dreamers could lose their status, like the  young who is excelling in medical school. In an interview, he said he  worries about a knock on the door, and he may have to leave. The irony  is, there are a whole lot of other countries that would like to have  him, even though he is in an area where we have a shortage of doctors.   We know on March 5, hundreds of thousands of DACA recipients will  lose their status because of President Trump's actions. Republicans  argue there is no urgency to provide protections to Dreamers. It  couldn't be further from the truth. Since President Trump decided to  revoke their protective status, these hundreds of thousands of Dreamers  have had to live with fear and anxiety every day. No urgency? I tell  you right now, if this were part of my family, I would feel the  urgency, not every hour but every minute, every second.   We are here because we had 113 days to do this. The can got kicked  down the road on the basic responsibility of Congress to fund the  Federal Government. Republican leadership failed to reauthorize the  Children's Health Insurance Program and failed to advance legislation  to protect the Dreamers.   For 113 days, Democrats supported three continuing resolutions. I  voted for a critical one of those, but we had the promise from the  Republicans that they needed a little more time to reach a bipartisan  deal. The time they said they needed is long gone. We voted for a  continuing resolution in September to provide for time. We voted for a  second continuing resolution in early December to provide more time. We  voted for a third continuing resolution in late December to keep the  talks going. How will it be different if we vote for another 4 weeks?   We have all the pieces to reach a bipartisan path forward. All we  have to do is say yes. Let's do our job. We want to raise budget caps  set in place by the Budget Control Act. We want to stop the devastating  consequences of sequestration on both defense and nondefense  legislation. We want to take care of the bipartisan Children's Health  Insurance Program. We want to extend community health centers, and we  actually have a bipartisan agreement to protect the Dreamers. Let's not  kick the can down the road.   If we pass another continuing resolution without a bipartisan  agreement, we only drive further into the fiscal year without doing our  jobs, and the American public, Republicans and Democrats alike, will  know that.   Even if we did reach an agreement at the end of the next continuing  resolution, we would still need another month to write the  appropriations bills, which could bring us halfway into the fiscal  year. As vice chairman of the Appropriations Committee, we are ready to  start moving on those bills the second we have an agreement because we  can't govern by continuing resolution. Our military cannot function  under a continuing resolution and under the burden of sequestration.   We Democrats have been ready, willing, and asking to negotiate  bipartisan deals since June. We need to reach a deal on a long-term  path forward. We need to have the courage to reach that deal now.   I see my friend from Alaska on the floor   I yield the floor.   