 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. Res. 734, submitted  earlier today; that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed  to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I respectfully disagree with my friend  from Wyoming. First of all, the reason I asked for a live unanimous  consent request on my resolution was to protect the 800,000 West  Virginians with preexisting conditions, along with millions and  millions of Americans.   We have tried. We have come to an agreement on how to fix the high  cost of third-party and individual payer. It has been lying on the  majority leader's desk for a year with no movement or action.   People say that we all have sympathy and empathy for people with  preexisting conditions. If you want to protect that, then remove your  lawsuit or at least allow us to move forward on a unanimous consent  request so that we can fight and have a fighting chance, as this will  be appealed to the higher courts.   It is absolutely wrong that people who have insurance for the first  time, now have the threat of having it taken away from them.   As a former Governor, let me tell you how this system works. If you  think people are not deserving of insurance or should not be able to  have affordable access to insurance, then you are paying anyway,  because the people who don't have that or didn't have it before go to  the emergency room at the highest cost. They go right to the emergency  room. They don't pay. That cost is then distributed on to the Governor,  and the Governor of each State has to come up with supplemental  payments to keep hospitals and rural clinics open. That is the way the  system works.   If you work for a company and couldn't afford the copayment, if you  work for a company that didn't offer insurance--a small company that  didn't have insurance at all--what you would do if you got hurt at home  or got sick, you would hobble into work and make a workers' comp claim.  That is the only access to insurance.   If you want to go back to those draconian days, that is where we are  headed if this lawsuit succeeds. What we have asked for is simply the  ability to fix what we have in front of us.   I haven't supported the single-payer system; we are not talking about  a single-payer system. We are not talking about anything but fixing the  existing Affordable Care Act.   The President of the United States, Donald Trump, could do this very  easily, taking this up. I will be happy to call it Trump RepairCare. I  think it would be a fitting name because he can fix it. He can bring us  together so that we can basically look at a bipartisan solution to  bring down the high cost of premiums. We can also look at a bipartisan  solution to fix the runaway costs, teaching people how to take care of  themselves, keep themselves healthier and be preventive in the care  they receive.   This resolution allows the Senate and legal counsel to intervene and  defend West Virginians and Americans with preexisting conditions from  this inhumane lawsuit. If you believe in that, there should be no  consideration for objections. We should be able to sit down and let the  legal staff that we have here in the Senate intervene on our behalf and  the people we represent. That is all we have asked for.   Millions of Americans with preexisting conditions have been trusting  us to defend their rights. Now they are hearing the political rhetoric.  They hear it every day when anybody goes on the campaign trail. The  last thing I heard from my colleagues on the Republican side--and these  are my friends--they said: Oh, yes, Joe, we want to make sure that  people with preexisting conditions have access; they cannot be denied.   But guess what the proposal is that they were going to come forward  with. It would say simply this: We will make sure insurance companies  offer you affordable insurance, but, basically, they will not have to  protect you or insure you for an existing condition you have had. So we  will basically insure your entire body, except for the cancer or the  heart condition that you might have had prior to that. That made no  sense whatsoever.   So they are really not sincere about coming up with allowing people  with preexisting conditions to have access to affordable care. That is  all we are doing today.   Right here and right now we have the opportunity, and we have heard  the objection, and I am so sorry for that. We could have done the right  thing and directly been involved in defending the lives of Americans.   I believe that the Texas judge was wrong in his ruling because we  never removed--even those who voted for the tax cuts, and I think a lot  of people begrudgingly did that, looking back on that--but, with that,  it said they removed the mandate. The mandate did not remove the  language of the code of the law. It removed the money from it, but it  didn't take the language away. So I think anybody with any type of  background in the legal process understands that will not hold up in  court. All we have asked for is the right to defend the people we  represent.   So I am very sorry for the decision to object. I really thought that  we could get a unanimous consent agreement and move forward, and then,  really, you could go out and talk to your constituents and say: I truly  am fighting to make sure that any of you all who have preexisting  conditions--800,000 West Virginians who have a preexisting condition-- will have affordable access and cannot be denied and cannot be  overcharged. That is all. Give them a chance.   I don't know where you come from, but where I come from, before we  had any access to healthcare, before there was a law that forbade  insurance companies to charge outrageous prices or cut people off to  say that, basically, you have hit your cap and you are no longer able  to be insured--you are too sick for us to invest any more into you-- they would say: I don't want to be a burden to my family.   What a person is telling you, if they have a preexisting condition is  this: I don't want to be a burden to my family because I don't want to  put them in a position that would be absolutely ruinous for them, put  them in bankruptcy; one of my illnesses could put my family in  bankruptcy because I cannot buy nor will the insurance company sell me  insurance, nor can I afford what they want for it.   That is what we did away with, and that is where we are going back.  We want to intervene so we do not go back to those dark ages.   With that, I hope my friends on the Republican side will reconsider  this, and, as a body, let this move forward to protect the people of  America.   With that, I yield the floor.   