 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this legislation requires States to submit  a report on the number of patients served for opioid use disorder at  institutions for mental diseases, their length of stay, and the care  they received after they were discharged. My amendment would add two  requirements to that report.   The first additional element addresses co-occurring disorders. My  amendment would require that States include information on the number  of individuals suffering from these disorders, as well as the type of  specific disorders from which they suffer.   Co-occurring disorders are a terrible situation in which a person is  simultaneously experiencing a mental illness and a substance use issue.  This is especially prevalent in our veteran population, with the VA  estimating that about one-third of veterans seeking treatment for  substance use disorder also meet the criteria for post-traumatic stress  disorder.   Co-occurring disorders can be especially difficult for doctors to  diagnose because of how complex symptoms can be, with one often masking  the symptoms of the other.   As of 2016, the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services  Administration estimates that more than 8 million  [[Page H5341]]  adults in the U.S. had co-occurring disorders. Half of them did not  receive proper treatment, and around one-third received no care for  mental illness or substance use disorder.   If we are going to get these individuals the help they need and  deserve, we are going to need to know what care is needed and how large  the existing treatment gap really is. My amendment will help to provide  that data.   The second element of my amendment requires information on access to  community care for individuals suffering from a mental illness other  than substance use disorder.   For decades, our country has shifted mental healthcare services away  from institutional care into community health providers. That is  substantial progress that we certainly don't want to reverse or  endanger.   Make no mistake, passing this legislation will have a direct effect  on access to community care for people with mental diseases. We should  know how much and to what extent that is the case. My amendment will  provide Congress with the data on whether that access is increasing or,  as a result of this potential legislation, decreasing.   We should not, in efforts to combat this epidemic, inadvertently  create uncertainty or greater harm for other groups of people,  especially such vulnerable groups as those with mental illness. My  amendment will provide Congress with greater information for us to know  if we are doing just that.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the comments of both of my  colleagues.   This is an effort to make sure that, as we take on this epidemic,  whatever path we may take, we do so in a way that gets us the best  information we can to determine whether or not we are making the  progress that this intends. We have our thoughts about that. This  legislation, and this particular amendment, would ensure that Congress  has the information it needs.   I encourage my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   