 Madam President, I want to take just a few minutes to  talk about the last 18 months and what a Republican-led Congress has  done during the first 500 days of the Trump administration.   I heard my friend the Democratic leader call this a Republican  economy, and I am proud to embrace that for the reasons I will mention  here in just a moment and contrast that to life in America  postrecession, in 2008, where slow economic growth, high unemployment,  and a disproportionate number of people not even seeking work were  accepted as the new norm.   The American people understand they don't have to accept that as the  new normal--that we can aspire to better, and we can do better, and  that is exactly what we have seen manifested in the American economy.  The rank-and-file American worker, every American family, and everybody  in this country--regardless of race, ethnicity, whatever identity you  might want to talk about--have benefited.   There have been many accomplishments, but perhaps the greatest, as I  said, is the new energized state of the economy. There is a sense of  hope and optimism once again. We can see that reflected in people's  retirement accounts mainly invested in the stock market. The stock  market has boomed since the Trump election, and that is not just for  the big corporations. That is for the teachers, the pension funds, the  firefighters, the first responders--for average Americans who invest  their retirement savings in mutual funds or in the stock market--and  they have benefited.   The unemployment rate has reached a 48-year low--a 48-year low--and  14 States have hit record low unemployment as well.   My friend from New York talked about gasoline prices. Oil output  jumped to the highest on record in March, including a 4-percent  increase in production in my home State. In  [[Page S2976]]  other words, we are depending less and less on imported oil from Saudi  Arabia and Middle East countries, which have been the focus of our  geopolitics for so many years because they have been the main source of  the energy that drives the world economy, and now we are producing more  of that here in America. That means more jobs and more national  security right here at home.   Consumer confidence is at a 17-year high. People are feeling  optimistic and hopeful about the future. Nearly 3 million jobs have  been created since President Trump took office, including 304,000 in  the manufacturing sector, 337,000 in construction, and 223,000 in May  alone.   What I hear time and again when I go back to Texas is employers  saying: We are having a hard time finding the workers we need because  there is so much demand for workers, for laborers, that now employers  are having to compete for the workforce they need in order to perform  the jobs they have now, as a result of the growing economy. What does  that mean? It means that paychecks go up as there are labor shortages,  and employers have to compete more for that workforce. Sixty-seven  percent of Americans believe that now is a good time to find a quality  job.   The biggest challenge we have, given the rapidly evolving nature of  our global economy and of technology and the jobs that are being  created, is to train and equip the workforce of tomorrow for the jobs  that will be available. That is why we have invested so much money in  our community colleges and workforce training, in partnerships with  industry--to make sure that more and more people can qualify for those  good, well-paying jobs.   I am thinking about a single mom, a Hispanic woman in Amarillo, TX,  who worked as a jail guard--until she went to Amarillo community  college and learned how to be an aircraft mechanic. Today, she works on  the production line for the V-22 Osprey tiltrotor aircraft, one of the  most advanced air platforms in the world. My recollection is that she  is making $18 an hour now. That is a real solution for a real problem,  and I bet every Member of this Chamber could talk about similar  stories.   In Houston, as a result of the natural gas renaissance in this  country--thanks to the science, thanks to the creativity and innovation  of the American energy companies--we are now seeing a huge influx of  petrochemical companies reestablishing themselves in places where they  can get access to low-cost feedstock fuel. What that is doing is  creating even more jobs.   In the Pasadena Unified School District and around the Houston area,  they are working with San Jacinto community college to help people who  don't yet have the skills they need get the certificates they need in  order to qualify for those good, well-paying jobs. Not everybody needs  to go to a 4-year liberal arts college. If they want to, I am all for  it. But many people want to get a good job, enjoying the solid middle  class, and do jobs that need to be done. They need access to training  in order to get the qualifications they need. That, to me, is one of  the big challenges that confront us, particularly as the economy  changes so quickly because of technology.   Another big reason the economy has taken off like a rocket is the tax  reform package we passed last summer. That has been perhaps the biggest  game changer. The problem my friend the Democratic leader has is that  every single Democrat voted against it. Remember, Nancy Pelosi called  the benefits of that ``crumbs.'' What it has done is open doors and new  opportunities for American families.   According to the White House, American families will receive $3.2  trillion in gross tax cuts, and they have seen the child tax credit  double. The top corporate rate was lowered from 35 to 21 percent so  that American businesses could be more productive.   When President Obama talked about the need for America to be more  competitive by lowering that corporate rate, he talked about our need  to compete in the global economy. When we debated the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act, Democrats called it a corporate giveaway. That is absolutely  indefensible.   The results of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act have been profound, indeed.  More than 500 companies have used these tax savings to benefit their  employees. They have announced pay raises, 401(k) match increases.  There have been cuts to utility rates for seniors and people on fixed  incomes because investor-owned utilities have had to lower their  charges in order to comply with the law, which allows them a reasonable  rate of return. They can't charge what the market will bear; they need  to comply with their local laws. So what we have seen is that many  investor-owned utilities have lowered utility rates for seniors and  people on fixed incomes.   We have seen other businesses offer substantial bonuses and other  benefits. A recent survey by the National Association of Manufacturers  showed that 77 percent of manufacturers in America intend to increase  hiring, and 93 percent of them have a positive outlook.   One of the things President Trump talked about during his campaign  was that so much of our manufacturing had moved overseas. But what  these numbers indicate is that the manufacturing sector is alive and  well here in the United States when given the opportunity to compete on  a level playing field.   This is the kind of optimism I am hearing when I visit places like  College Station, Austin, and Amarillo, home of the Big Texan 72-ounce  steak. If you can eat it in an hour, along with a baked potato, you can  get the meal for free. I didn't try that, but some people do, and some  people get the free meal--but not a lot of people, would be my guess.   In Austin, I visited with one of the owners of Wally's Burgers and  met with other small businesses--pest control companies and the like-- and they talked about the benefits they are seeing in their small  businesses from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The stories just go on and  on and on.   I have also had constituents write to my office, explaining how the  boost in their monthly paychecks is making a big difference when it  comes to buying groceries, paying bills, and starting long-delayed  projects. Maybe no Democrat voter lives paycheck to paycheck, but I can  tell you, some of my constituents do, and they appreciate the  additional money in their paycheck as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act.   I think what happened, when our Democratic colleagues unanimously  voted against the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, they were making a big bet  that we would fail to deliver that bill, and it would somehow be an  embarrassment and setback for this side of the aisle. Well, they bet  against the American people, and they bet against our commitment to  make sure the benefits of this bill would be delivered to the average  American family.   In one recent piece of news, Costco, which has ten locations in  Texas, announced they would be increasing wages for 130,000 employees,  not because the government mandated it but because they need to do that  in order to be competitive, and they are passing the benefits on to  their employees. But that is just the tip of the iceberg.   Amidst all of this good news, we also need to remember that there are  two specific targeted measures that are often overlooked. It repealed  ObamaCare's burdensome tax on the middle class, who refused to purchase  Washington-mandated health insurance. This is the so-called ObamaCare  mandate. It basically was a tax on poor and middle-income people who  couldn't afford to buy the high-price ObamaCare policies.   We also opened up something that has been a point of contention for  many, many years--the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to energy  exploration.   Senator Scott from South Carolina talked about his Opportunity Zone  provision, which provides tax benefits to businesses that start a  business and grow a business in poor and blighted areas. Senator  Fischer from Nebraska talked about her tax provision, which provides  encouragement to employers to provide family leave when families need  that in order to deal with a family illness or a newborn child or  whatever the case may be.   Those are real and tangible benefits to the people we serve. And our  colleagues want to talk about corporate giveaways? That is pure  demagoguery, short and simple. What else do you have when you have made  a bet and you lost that bet by betting against the benefits from this  bill?  [[Page S2977]]    It is not just the economy that deserves mention; another important  accomplishment has been the confirmation of judges who will interpret  the Constitution faithfully and say what the law is, not what, because  of their personal policy preferences, they wish it might be.   In a former life, I served on the bench--the State bench, not the  Federal bench--for 13 years at the trial court level and on the Texas  Supreme Court. I believe very strongly in the importance of having  judges--that third branch of government--who will understand and  appreciate their role in the U.S. Government. In other words, the  reason we don't elect judges is because we don't expect them to gauge  public opinion. The reason we don't expect them to campaign on an  agenda--we expect them to interpret the law, including the Constitution  of the United States, the fundamental law, not to promote policies  based on their preference or based on some ideology. To me, that is the  opposite of what we want judges to do.   The Trump administration has seen confirmed 21 circuit court judges.  These are the intermediate appeals court judges who essentially are the  court of last resort for most cases since the U.S. Supreme Court now  only hears about 80 cases a year. They provide the guidance in the most  difficult cases, where the circuit courts are divided.   This now means that one in eight appeals court judges has been  appointed by President Trump and confirmed by the U.S. Senate. These  are people who will serve not just 4 years, not just 6 years, not just  8 years, but perhaps 20 years or 30 years or longer--a lifetime tenure.  These circuit courts will hear appeals from district courts that set  binding precedent for those lower courts on a wide range of issues.   It is worth pointing out that President Obama's 21st circuit court  nominee was not confirmed until 33 months into his administration. So  it is not just that we are confirming good judges; we are doing it at a  very good clip, comparatively speaking.   The President has appointed and we have confirmed two judges to the  Fifth Circuit who serve the State of Texas--Don Willett, a former  justice on the Texas Supreme Court, and Jim Ho, the former Texas  solicitor general. We have one in the queue who has been voted out of  committee, Andy Oldham, the counsel to our Governor, who has been  nominated to the Fifth Circuit. And that is not to mention some very  talented district judges, the people who are at the ground level of our  civil justice system, people like Karen Scholer and David Counts. We  hope to have one more Federal district judge confirmed before the end  of this week--Fernando Rodriguez, whom Senator Cruz and I recommended  to the President and he has nominated.   The other major accomplishment of this administration over the last  18 months is repealing burdensome overregulation from the previous  administration. Many of these regulations were passed by the Obama  administration as they were heading out the door, without a real  opportunity for public input and review. We have repealed a historic  number--16 of them--using the Congressional Review Act. Previously,  there had been only one example where Congress had repealed a  regulation using the Congressional Review Act.   Thanks to the junior Senator from Pennsylvania, we have also repealed  something that was a bullying tactic by the Federal Government. This  was a scheme by the previous administration to use guidance from  Federal agencies where they didn't pass a rule, where they were  required under the law to gain input as part of that rulemaking  process. So what they would do is they would issue guidance. You can  imagine how that was treated by people in the private sector. They  didn't want to have to defend a lawsuit, so they grudgingly complied  with the guidance even though there wasn't any process and input from  the public on what that guidance should be. Thanks again to our  colleague Senator Toomey, we have successfully repealed those sorts of  quasi-regulations, as well, using the Congressional Review Act.   Our use of the Congressional Review Act has been referred to as the  most ambitious regulatory rollback since Ronald Reagan.   As I talk to people, the job creators in our country, they tell me  that not only has it been the tax cuts, but it has been the regulatory  rollback and it has been the signal that Washington is sending that  businesses small and large will have more freedom to pursue their ends,  their dreams, without the wet blanket of government regulation.   President Trump has also used his executive branch pen to issue 22  deregulatory actions for every new regulatory one. These are big wins,  including for our farmers and energy producers.   On top of that, when it comes to ObamaCare, one of the aspects of  ObamaCare was something called the Independent Payment Advisory Board.  We repealed that in our budget agreement earlier this year, which will  allow seniors and their families to take greater control of their  healthcare decisions without being subjected to the whims of unelected  bureaucrats.   What ``unelected bureaucrats'' translates into is ``unaccountable  bureaucrats.'' In other words, if you don't like what the bureaucrat is  doing, you have almost no recourse, and that is by design in this  Independent Payment Advisory Board. When it comes to your healthcare,  you want to maintain your ability to petition your representatives if  you feel the government is not treating you correctly, which this  Independent Payment Advisory Board eliminated.   A fourth major accomplishment is providing relief to our community  and midsized financial institutions, which have been hit hardest by  some of the one-size-fits-all rulemaking approaches under Dodd-Frank.  We all remember that Dodd-Frank was a response to the financial crisis  of 2008, followed by the great recession. Congress, as it often does,  went too far. The pendulum swung too far and affected our community  banks and credit unions. I tell my community bankers in Texas: You  weren't the target, perhaps, but you were the collateral damage.   We want small businesses and working families to succeed. We want  them to get access to credit, the credit they need in order to succeed.  Regulating community banks out of business is not the answer.   This bill was sponsored by the senior Senator from Idaho, Mr. Crapo,  and was passed on a bipartisan basis. This bill, which just passed the  House, is a big win for smaller financial institutions, and it will  make it easier for them to serve their communities by approving  mortgages, providing credit, and lending to small businesses. This  isn't mainly a win for the small banks; this is a win for their  customers, for the small businesses and individuals who need access to  the credit they could not get under the status quo.   Another thing that we have done recently which I think bears note-- unfortunately, so much happens in Washington, and it seems like every  15 minutes there is breaking news, and sometimes we overlook and don't  celebrate these great victories, in this case on behalf of our  veterans. We have been accomplishing a lot for our servicemembers and  veterans. Last year, we helped restore America's defense with the  greatest investment in our military in 15 years and largest troop pay  increase in 8 years.   We have a bad habit here in Congress: After we have fought a war, we  begin to think we can cash the peace dividend. We start to think, OK,  now the world is safe, and now we can roll back our money spent on  national security. Unfortunately, the world continues to be a dangerous  place, and the world needs American leadership. Unfortunately, that is  expensive, but there really is no option because if we don't have  peace, if we don't have stability, none of the other benefits of life-- liberty and the pursuit of happiness--can exist.   Getting back to our veterans, we passed the VA MISSION Act in the  last couple of weeks, which will make significant reforms to the  Department of Veterans Affairs, strengthening the healthcare and  community care options that are available to American veterans. This  bill provided $5.2 billion for the Veterans Choice Program. For  example, if you are a veteran and you call to make an appointment and  they say ``Well, come see us in August'' and you can't wait, or if you  have to drive 100 or 200 miles--and in the Rio Grande Valley in South  Texas, if you really need to go to the veterans hospital, you have to  drive all the way to San  [[Page S2978]]  Antonio to get your healthcare--what the act did and what we passed on  a bipartisan basis allows veterans a choice. You can go see a local  healthcare provider, and you can go to a local hospital if they can  provide that service quicker and more efficiently.   We also provided for expanded caregiver assistance. This is a big  deal. The times I have been to Walter Reed visiting Texans who were  injured in Afghanistan or Iraq, frequently that injured servicemember  had a spouse or family member who basically would have to give up their  job in order to take care of their injured spouse. It is only right and  it is only just that we provide expanded caregiver assistance to those  individuals who do that.   Finally, we have seen a crackdown on imported illegal drugs. As of  April, the Border Patrol had seized 284 pounds of fentanyl--already  greatly surpassing the total amount seized in fiscal year 2017. I don't  have to repeat what a devastating impact the opioid crisis-- prescription drugs or the alternatives, which are heroin and fentanyl-- has had on our communities.   These are just a handful of ways we are doing what the American  people elected us to do. We put money back in their pockets. We rolled  back regulations. We strengthened our military. We have given  healthcare flexibility to our veterans. We protected our communities  from harm. The best part of this story is, we are just getting started.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator  [[Page S2982]]  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson), and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. McCain).   