 Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to pay tribute today to the  late Reverend Billy Graham, a very cherished Christian leader and  exemplary North Carolinian.  [[Page H1325]]    Born on a dairy farm almost 100 years ago in Charlotte, North  Carolina, Billy Graham grew up learning the value of hard work,  personal commitment, and developed an unwavering commitment to our Lord  and Savior, Jesus Christ.   After being ordained and graduated from Wheaton College, Billy  married the love of his life and fellow student, Ruth McCue Bell.  Shortly after, he began preaching throughout the United States and  Europe, emerging as a rising young evangelist.   By 1949, at the young age of 31, Billy was launched into  international prominence following his Los Angeles crusade. Originally  scheduled for just 3 weeks, the crusade in Los Angeles had to be  extended to more than 8 weeks, due to the overwhelming interest and  overflow crowds.   During his lifetime, Reverend Graham preached all over the world,  from remote villages in Africa to the Middle East to the former  Communist bloc. I find this feat quite notable, considering the  hostility that communists and tyrants of all stripes have for  Christianity and their hatred for the spread of the Gospel.   Without question, Billy Graham was preaching in hostile territory;  and without question, God protected him. It is said that his ministry  reached an estimated 215 million people in more than 185 countries, and  probably many more than that. After hearing the messages and teachings  of the Holy Scriptures, many of those millions accepted Christ as their  Lord and Savior.   There is no doubt that Billy Graham was called by God to share His  Word, and he did so with wisdom and humility. In fact, I believe he  heeded that call as well, if not better, than anyone else ever has.   His legacy and influence in the world will continue to be felt for  generations to come. If there has ever been a good and faithful  servant, it is most certainly Billy Graham.   