 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. As all of us here know  today, the mission of the Department of Veterans Affairs is the care  for those who have borne the battle.   When our heroes transition from the military, they deserve to have  access to quality healthcare and services. Unfortunately, the VA  continues to fall short on the promises, due, in part, to failures in  human resource offices. This issue hit close to home for me after the  VA National Center for Patient Safety surveyed the Marion VA Medical  Center in my district.   The Marion survey showed a decline in key factors, such as  communication between management and staff, and reporting problems to  management. The Veterans Affairs' Subcommittee on Oversight and  Investigations staff then visited Marion in order to get a firsthand  look at the issues at the facility.   During that site visit, multiple employees raised concerns about poor  management, poor communication, distrust between leadership and  management, and the lack of accountability. Despite several efforts to  encourage the VA headquarters leadership to address these problems,  limited actions have been taken, and my office continues to receive  complaints.   The common thread throughout has been the issue in the human resource  department. HR management is a critical part of delivering quality  healthcare. HR is responsible for recruiting and retaining highly  qualified professionals, and the current status quo within the VHA's HR  offices cannot continue.   That is why I introduced H.R. 5854, the VA HELP Act, with  Representative Sinema. This bipartisan, straightforward legislation  instructs the VA Secretary to establish qualifications for HR positions  within the VHA, and to set performance metrics for these positions.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members of the House to support H.R. 5864 to  ensure that our Nation's veterans are being provided the best possible  care from VA employees. I thank the chairman of the committee, Chairman  Roe, and Ranking Member Takano for supporting this.   