 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Burgess for organizing  this Special Order event.   Mr. Speaker, the United States represents only 5 percent of the  global population, yet we consume over 80 percent of the opioids  produced around the world. Shouldn't that have raised a red flag?   Since 2011, our office has conducted over 50 roundtable meetings with  doctors, pharmacists, nurses, and law enforcement, listening and  learning from professionals how we could best address this problem.   Congress has acted. As you heard a minute ago, the 21st Century Cures  Act and CARA were good first steps, but it is evident that more work  needs to be done.   Last month, under President Trump and the Republican Congress  leadership, we secured an additional $4 billion in funding, the largest  investment ever in this crisis. We have made progress in other areas.  In the book, ``American Pain'' by John Temple, he cites an ever- increasing production quota as a contributing factor to this drug  opioid abuse. Even as it became clear that the opioid abuse was a  growing problem, our producers in pharmaceuticals were producing more  and more pain medicine. Fortunately, yesterday, the DEA, under the  leadership of President Trump, announced that they would finally begin  limiting the number of pills being produced.   I also had the honor of working with the White House on the Opioid  Task  [[Page H3435]]  Force; and thanks to Chairman Walden, the Energy and Commerce Committee  has made fighting the opioid crisis a top priority. You heard his  comments when he said that.   Our committee has been crafting another comprehensive opioid package  aimed at treatment, prevention, education, and enforcement. Over the  past few weeks, the committee has reviewed numerous bills, and I am  proud to say--and I thank Chairman Burgess--that two of those bills are  pieces that our office has crafted.   Now, as for the role of pharmacies. Currently, each State maintains  its own database on prescriptions, but that information isn't always  typically shared with neighboring States. So the committee is taking  under consideration a nationwide prescription drug monitoring program,  which would prevent people from abusing the system by filling their  prescription in multiple States.    Congress needs to shut down these illicit, illegal pharmaceutical  drug sales on social media, just as the Commissioner of the FDA made a  strong recommendation just 2 weeks ago.   And, lastly, it is time to tighten our border security to stop the  flow of drugs into our country. Hancock County, West Virginia Sheriff  Ralph Fletcher has made it clear that the spike in heroin overdoses is  directly attributable to this poison pouring across our southern border  from Mexico.   And as Mike Burgess just noted a minute ago, the postal service  system needs to be enhancing their monitoring program to halt this  importation of fentanyl from China.   But through all this, shouldn't we be exploring the root cause of why  people are turning to dangerous drugs? West Virginia, unfortunately,  leads the Nation in virtually every statistic when it comes to opioids.  Some have attributed it to our State's high unemployment, low household  income, and low education levels.   But who is second? Until last year, New Hampshire was second. They  have the highest level of employment. They have one of the highest  levels of household income and one of the highest levels of degree of  household education. So, clearly, it is simply not a socioeconomic  issue. Something else is driving this epidemic, and we need to get to  the root cause of it. There is plenty of blame to go around, and we  need to hold people accountable.   Our committee has been accomplishing this through an investigation of  the pill dumping that has occurred in West Virginia. On May 8, as you  heard a minute ago, we are going to be holding another hearing with our  CEOs from the Nation's largest drug distributors who have been shipping  tens of millions of pills into small communities across West Virginia.  What we hope to learn is why. Why would you dump millions of pills into  small rural communities? Have you no shame?   Look, this is a multifaceted problem. While there is still a lot more  work to be done, Congress has been taking a number of steps to  eradicate this scourge of the opioid epidemic.   