 Madam Chair, I rise tonight to fight for  America's kids and grandkids. That is what we are here to do.   This fiscal year 2019 Financial Services and General Government  Appropriations bill, as I will explain in a moment, reflects the public  outcry over deficit spending and addresses those concerns on behalf of  America's kids and grandkids.   Madam Chair, before I dive into those details, I want to thank  Ranking Member Quigley for his hard work and dedication to our work  together as we have shepherded this committee through the process in  this bill.   I want to mention a few of the bill's highlights.   This bill is a product of a very Member-driven process. We brought  appropriators and authorizers together. We consulted other committees.  We fostered personal Member-to-Member conversations to make sure that  priorities in this bill were vetted and supported across jurisdictions.  We held several public hearings and reviewed over 2,100 unique Member  requests as we put this bill together.   As the bill passed out of this Appropriations Committee, it passed  with bipartisan support. What more can you do on behalf of America's  kids and grandkids?   As in past years, we aimed to provide the oversight and allocate  taxpayer dollars with the greatest of care.   This bill includes resources to implement the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act,  which cuts taxes for families and businesses all across our country,  spurring economic growth. The funding in our bill will help implement  the law very quickly so American families can use the system without  disruption whatsoever.   In addition, this bill prioritizes law enforcement, homeland  security, and cybersecurity. For example, it provides record funding  for the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas and Drug-Free Communities  programs.   It updates the legacy IT systems that are governmentwide--we have all  seen it and we have heard about it--through the Technology  Modernization Fund.   Similar to our landmark approach last year, this bill also includes  major financial reforms. It cuts regulations, streamlines agency  processes. In fact, this bill includes more than 20 pieces of  legislation that have passed through this body with bipartisan support,  in most cases with more than 270 votes.   Now, importantly, one of these reforms brings transparency and  oversight to an agency we have all talked about, and that is to the  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, by bringing it under the  authority of Congress and under the authority of the Appropriations  Committee.  [[Page H6381]]    Now, with these kinds of reforms, this bill has earned a lot of  support across our country. From the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the  Investment Company Institute, the American Bankers Association,  Independent Community Bankers of America, National Association of  Federally-Insured Credit Unions, and Credit Union National Association,  in addition to the National Taxpayers Union and Citizens for  Responsible Budgeting, this bill is bringing together a lot of  different interests all across our country.   In closing, Madam Chair, I would like to highlight, really, what the  heart of this bill is, the major feature of this bill.   If your district is anything like mine, you know the American people  are frustrated. They are frustrated with Congress, and they are  frustrated with this out-of-control spending. They see our annual  deficits fuel our dangerous national debt. So it is time to try  something different, and that is what we have done, because if we  don't, we will stay stuck in this fiscal death spiral that we are in.   Now, after a lot of thought and effort, we came up with a very  creative way to protect funding from being spent. The appropriations  process does not make saving money easy, not at all. We all know that  if a subcommittee such as mine doesn't spend everything, another  subcommittee will come in and scoop it up and spend it somewhere else.  This is just the way legislating is in Washington.   So we came up with something different, and we created a new fund in  this bill called the Fund for America's Kids and Grandkids, which  safeguards funds for America's future generations. In fact, it is like  a savings account.   We put $585 million from this bill as an initial deposit into the  savings account, and this money is protected. It cannot be spent until  Treasury indicates that we have balanced our budget or we have a  surplus.   Now, this deposit is only 2.5 percent. It is 2.5 percent of what we  were allocated. That is 2\1/2\ pennies of every dollar that we spend.  But this is a great step forward, and it is on behalf of America's kids  and grandkids.   This approach causes us to think about what deficit spending truly  means and in whose name we are borrowing the money and who ultimately  is going to get stuck with this debt.   Establishing the Fund for America's Kids and Grandkids means we are  appropriating with a new spirit here in Washington, D.C., and that is  just because you can spend it doesn't mean you have to.   