 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman McGovern for his moral  leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule that will deny  Members of Congress an up-or-down vote about whether the United States  should be complicit in the war in Yemen.   Let's be very clear. This is unprecedented in American history. Never  has the Speaker of the House and the majority denied a Member of  Congress a vote on matters of war and peace. This is basically  rendering ineffectual the War Powers Act.   The War Powers Act was passed in a bipartisan fashion after Vietnam  because our Nation said never again are we going to make the mistake of  Vietnam. We are going to make sure that, if a Member of Congress calls  for a vote, Members of Congress have the Article I, Section 8  responsibility to vote on matters of war and peace. What the majority  is saying is that if the President of the United States and the Speaker  believe we should be in war, then we should be in war, and it doesn't  matter what Members of Congress think.   That is what they are doing with this rule.   Now, they are arguing that we are not complicit in the hostilities of  Yemen to invoke the War Powers Act. But you can read every article  written on this in the international press or the national press, and  it starts with a simple line: the U.S.-backed Saudi coalition efforts  in bombing.   Of course we are complicit. Do you think people in Yemen don't think  we are complicit? Do you think people in the Middle East or our allies  don't think we are complicit?   With due respect, Congressman Newhouse says: Well, why not wait? Why  not wait a few weeks until we are in the majority?   Mr. Speaker, special envoy Griffith in every report has said that  500,000 children will die in a matter of months. They don't have aid.  They don't have nutrition.   Let's be very clear on what we are doing. While we are bombing the  ports of Hodaida, we are not allowing food and aid to get to those  kids.   When history is written, they are not going to say that Jim McGovern  did this or Ro Khanna did this or Newhouse did this. They are going to  say: How did the Congress not allow a vote while hundreds of thousands  of kids were not allowed food and medicine?   That is not the America that I believe in. It is not the America that  so many Republican colleagues believe in. There is a reason that our  Founders gave Congress the power over war and peace, because we have to  go and answer to our constituents.   I will tell you something. There is not a single American who  wouldn't want the violence to end and allow food and medicine to get to  those kids who are going to face death if we do nothing.   I plead with my Republican colleagues: Please vote ``no'' on this  resolution. Let's have a debate. Let's have a debate about the  starvation and the killing going on there and do the right thing for  our Constitution and the world.   