 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Washington for  yielding me the time and for her leadership on this legislation. I  appreciate it very much. And I am grateful to my colleagues from  Florida, as well, for their support and for their leadership.   Mr. Speaker, today is a great day for human rights. The House is  about to approve our bipartisan bill, the Reciprocal Access to Tibet  Act, that will impose real consequences for China's bad behavior in  Tibet.   America's foreign policy ought to send a message that we value human  rights, that we stand with those working for freedom, that those values  compel us to speak out when we see something that is wrong, and that we  will hold accountable those who violate the basic human rights we all  are entitled to. That is exactly what this bill today is all about.   The basis of diplomatic law is mutual access and reciprocity. But  while Chinese diplomats, journalists, and tourists travel freely within  the United States, the Government of the People's Republic of China has  erected many barriers to travel in areas of China inhabited by ethnic  Tibetans.   U.S. diplomats, journalists, and tourists must obtain permission to  enter the Tibet Autonomous Region, a requirement that does not exist  for any other provincial-level entity of China. Visitors also face  obstacles to their ability to travel to Tibetan areas outside the TAR.   But under this bill, Chinese authorities who are involved in the  design and implementation of policies that restrict travel to Tibetan  areas become  [[Page H8852]]  ineligible to receive a visa or be admitted to the United States. This  is a victory for human rights of Tibetans and Americans.   Restricted access to Tibet has many negative consequences for  Tibetans in China and for citizens of the United States. Tibetans are  left isolated from the rest of the world. Their well-documented  suffering under Chinese rule--arbitrary detention, torture and ill- treatment, extensive government surveillance, restrictions on the use  of their language and their religious and cultural practices--all these  violations of fundamental human rights are hidden from sight.  Preventing diplomats, journalists, and tourists from traveling to Tibet  makes it much harder to assess the full scope of these abuses.   I know firsthand how important access to Tibet is because I had the  opportunity to join Leader Pelosi and several other Members of Congress  for a visit there in November of 2015. I saw the tight control the  government exercises over virtually all aspects of the daily lives of  Tibetans. And I had people thank me for being there, remembering them,  and fighting for their rights.   On the other side, China's travel restrictions deny Americans the  right to visit one of the most beautiful places on Earth and to  experience Tibetan culture in all its richness. In emergencies,  Americans may be denied help, due to China's restrictive policies.   I am reminded that in an October 2013 bus crash in the TAR, which  left three Americans dead and many others injured, U.S. consular  officers faced a delay in obtaining permission to travel to the region.  This severely hindered their ability to serve American citizens in  distress.   Following a 2015 earthquake that trapped dozens of U.S. citizens in  the TAR, the U.S. consulate general faced significant challenges in  providing emergency consular assistance. This is simply unacceptable.   If China wants its citizens and officials to continue to travel  freely in the U.S., Americans, including Tibetan Americans, must be  able to travel freely in China, including Tibet, beginning now. This  bill will move us in the right direction on this basic but very  important issue.   Let me also take a moment to recognize several organizations with  which I have had the privilege to work on behalf of the human rights of  all Tibetans. I thank Human Rights Watch, the Office of Tibet, Students  for a Free Tibet, and most especially the International Campaign on  Tibet. Without their commitment and persistence, this bill would not be  on the floor today.   With this bill, we are taking an important step forward on behalf of  the human rights of Tibetans; we are reaffirming our support for the  leadership of His Holiness the Dalai Lama; and we are sending a message  to the Government of China that human rights are not negotiable.  Supporting human rights is the moral thing to do; it is the right thing  to do; and it is the American thing to do for Tibetans in China and  everywhere else in the world.    