 Mr. President, later today this body will vote to confirm my  friend  Jim Bridenstine to be the next NASA Administrator. In that  position, he will be in charge of rebuilding a space program that  reflects the pioneering spirit and determination of the American  people. I have known Congressman Bridenstine for a long time, and I  know he is just the man for this really important undertaking.   Let us review his record. The record shows that  Jim Bridenstine's  service to our country is matched only by his eagerness to press the  boundaries of sky and space.    Jim Bridenstine is a veteran Navy pilot who flew combat missions in  Iraq and in Afghanistan. He logged 1,900 flight hours over his 9 years  of Active service, and he is still a Lieutenant Commander in the U.S.  Navy Reserve.   Following his military service,  Jim Bridenstine worked as the  executive director of the Tulsa Air and Space Museum. He even owned a  team in the ambitious but short-lived Rocket Racing League.   Since his first term in Congress 6 years ago, Congressman Bridenstine  has served on the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee. From  that position, he has been a thoughtful leader on American space policy  as it relates to national security, commerce, and weather forecasting.   The name of his latest bill on these subjects speaks to  Jim  Bridenstine's ambitious vision for the future: the American Space  Renaissance Act. If ever there were a need for a renaissance in space,  it is now because who can deny that ever since Neil Armstrong's fateful  ``one small step'' in 1969, America has, in some respects, been  retreating from space?   Just 12 years separates the start of the space race from man's first  footfall on the Moon. It has been almost 50 years since then, and it is  unclear that we could go back to the Moon if we wanted to in a short  period of time. As Vice President Pence pointed out recently, we have  not sent an American beyond low-Earth orbit in 45 years.   In a humiliating reversal of sorts, America now relies on Russia to  carry our astronauts to the International Space Station because we  shuttered our own shuttle space program in 2011. In other words, after  America won the space race and after America won the Cold War in one  fell swoop, we gave away the distinction of manned space flight to the  second-place finisher.   NASA's decline and disrepair is a great tragedy, but it is not all I  see when I survey the horizon, and I know this is true of Congressman  Bridenstine as well. I see no reason why America, in all of her  ingenuity and might, cannot be the dominant leader in space once again.  Indeed, I see plenty of areas where this transformation is already  underway.   In government, President Trump has signaled his commitment to  American leadership in space by relaunching the National Space Council,  which met for the first time last fall. Outside of government, private  enterprise is pressing the boundaries of commercial space flight every  single day. In the deserts of Utah, innovators like ATK are pioneering  the next generation of rocket engines and space superiority  capabilities. Just yesterday, the world watched  [[Page S2296]]  in awe as a SpaceX rocket flung a planet-hunting NASA satellite into  orbit. Its mission complete, the rocket booster piloted itself back to  Earth for reuse, landing nimbly on a drone ship floating out in the  Atlantic Ocean.   Achievements such as these prove that Americans are still awed, still  starstruck, by space exploration and all the opportunities it provides.   A new era of leaders can restore this sense of ambition in  government. In the halls outside this Chamber, the Senate has a  constant reminder of the importance of the space program. I refer to  the commemorative mural this body commissioned in the wake of the  Challenger disaster.   The mural depicts the crew looking expectantly, hopefully, off into  the future. Behind them is the shuttle that carried them to Heaven, and  the world is in their hands.   The Challenger Seven gave their lives in order to advance America's  space program. They knew the risks--greater practically than those  associated with any other profession on Earth or beyond it--but they  also knew the mission was worth it because it contributed significantly  to their Nation and to all mankind.   What will it say about us if we fail to carry on the mission they  undertook, if instead of exploring the infinite frontier, we remain  here below, passing the torch of exploration to some other power? I  don't want to contemplate that future, and I don't want to believe the  American people do either.   Claiming our right to a place in the stars will require an effort  spanning many years and several Presidential administrations. We can  begin that undertaking today by confirming a leader with a remarkable  record of service to our country, a vision for the American space  program that is big not small, and a genuine faith in his country that  is as boundless as the heavens. That man is  Jim Bridenstine. Let's  confirm him. Let's confirm him today.   I urge my colleagues to confirm  Jim Bridenstine without obstruction,  without delay.   