 Mr. President, I join the Senator from Arkansas in  commending those who are involved in law enforcement, risking their  lives for the safety of this Nation at all levels--Federal, State, and  local. They put their badges on every single day and risk their lives  for us, and that is a fact.   Within the Department of Homeland Security, there are men and women  who are conscientiously trying to keep America safe. I commend them as  well. I believe they are doing their job as they understand it, and  they are risking their lives many times to achieve it, not only to stop  the illegal flow of drugs into our country but to deter crime and to  ferret out criminals where possible. They risk their lives to achieve  that goal.   I have not joined in a call for the abolition of ICE, but I will not  join in a call for the adoration of ICE because of one specific issue.  The zero tolerance policy of the Trump administration resulted in our  agents of the Department of Homeland Security forcibly separating  children from their parents--forcibly separating up to 3,000 children  from their parents.   I saw some of those kids separated by that agency. They were toddlers  and infants. Some were being held by the care workers whom I happened  to visit in Chicago. They were little babies taken from their mothers-- toddlers, children 5 and 6 years old, separated by this agency under  the President's zero tolerance policy. There were up to 3,000 of them,  according to the administration's own estimates.   Had that happened before? Only rarely, but it became the policy of  this administration until there was such an uproar in the United States  and around the world that President Trump reversed his position on zero  tolerance.   Reversing the position did not return the children to their parents.  It took Federal courts to do that--one in particular, in San Diego,  where the judge called the representatives of ICE, Health and Human  Services, and all the other agencies involved in these children being  removed forcibly from their parents and gave them deadlines to return  the children to their parents. It was then that we discovered something  about this agency. It was then that we discovered that they didn't keep  a record of the parents and kids.   If you place an order online to Amazon or some other source and the  next day you want to check on the status of your order, you use your  tracking number, and they will tell you where your package is. There  was no tracking number when it came to these kids. If you decide that  you are going to order a pizza and it seems to take a little too long  and you call the pizza parlor, they can generally tell you where the  delivery person is. The same thing is true in so many other areas.   Why, then, did this agency, which my colleagues are now coming to the  floor claiming such great praise for, ignore the obvious? This agency,  the Department of Homeland Security, ended up setting free 3,000  children into care facilities around the United States of America and  didn't keep records of the parents.   We asked them several weeks ago, downstairs--all of the agencies,  including ICE, referred to by the Senator from Arkansas: OK, let's get  down to basics. How many kids are we talking about?   They wouldn't give us a number.   How many kids are under the age of 5? Those are the ones whom you  have a deadline to reunite under the Federal court order in San Diego.   They couldn't give us a number.   Then, how many parents can you identify who actually had their kids  taken away?   ICE said: We can identify 10.   Ten parents, 3,000 kids--I am not making this up. This is exactly  what they said.   They said: We have 10 parents in custody. Those are the ones we can  identify.   Two weeks passed, and we had another briefing this week. The numbers  are now more complete. There are some 2,500 kids separated from their  parents, spread around the United States.   What happened to the parents who lost their children?   The explanation from ICE was that they abandoned their kids and left.   Does that sound reasonable? Does that sound honest? You take the  child away from the arms of a parent and then the parent says: I am  leaving the country.   That might have happened in some cases, for reasons I don't know, but  it is an outrageous suggestion. What it reflects is incompetency. How  in the world can you take a child away from a parent, forcibly take  them away, and not keep an adequate record for their reunification? How  can you do that? Common sense and common decency suggests that you  would do it.   I am not going to join in any resolution applauding that action by  any Federal agency--the Department of Homeland Security, ICE, or other  agencies. To me, it is a stain on the reputation of this Nation, one  that we need to quickly resolve by reuniting these children with their  families as quickly as possible.   You see, it isn't just a question of a holiday for these kids.  Pediatricians have come forward from the American Academy of Pediatrics  and have said that what we have done is institutional abuse of  children.   This separation is not just another day in the life of this 2-year- old, 5-year-old, or 8-year-old. This separation is something that is  causing trauma within their own minds.   Have you read the stories about the reunifications, where some of the  parents come back, finally get their children, and the children will  not even come to the parents? They don't quite understand what just  happened to them. They think the parent might have just decided to give  them up.   There they were alone and by themselves at that tender age. Can you  imagine that for your children or your grandchildren? I can't.   We did it as part of the official government policy of the Trump  administration under zero tolerance.   When some of us come to the floor to question the actions, the  conduct, the management of ICE, we have good reason to do it. I hope  for the people within that agency who are doing their jobs  conscientiously that we can at least be honest in saying that this  policy is one which doesn't deserve praise and doesn't deserve our  adoration on the floor of the Senate or the House.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I rise in strong opposition to the  nomination of Ryan Bounds to be a judge on the Ninth Circuit Court of  Appeals.   Mr. Bounds, who, if confirmed, would serve on a Ninth Circuit seat in  the State of Oregon, has received zero blue slips. He is opposed by  both Senators from the State in which he would sit if confirmed.   Never before in the 100-year history of blue slips has a nominee been  confirmed over the opposition of both home-State Senators. The  Republican majority is setting a precedent here, and all of our home  States are at risk of being impacted by this.   By moving this nominee without blue slips, Republicans are  diminishing the voice that home-State constituents have through their  Senators in the process of selecting judges in their States.   Let me make it clear to my Republican colleagues: If you vote to  confirm Ryan Bounds, you are consenting to a precedent that is likely  to affect your state someday. Consider your vote carefully.   It is hard to understand why my Republican colleagues would abandon  the blue slip for the sake of this particular nominee. Mr. Bounds has  written and published articles that should disqualify him from  consideration for a Federal judgeship.   Consider how the Multnomah Bar Association in Oregon--a bar  association that Mr. Bounds has belonged to for 12 years--described Mr.  Bounds' articles in a statement after the writings were revealed.   The association said Bounds' writings ``express insensitive,  intolerant, and disdaining views toward racial and ethnic minorities,  campus sexual assault victims, and the LGBTQ community.''   The statement went on to say that the bar association ``strongly  disavows the views expressed in those articles as racist, misogynistic,  homophobic and disparaging of survivors of sexual assault and abuse.''   Mr. Bounds' writings, which he published in college, included his  discussions about the ``more strident racial factions of the student  body.''  [[Page S5094]]    His writings mocked LGBTQ students for being sensitive when a group  of drunk athletes vandalized a statue celebrating gay pride.   He mocked Latino students for being overly sensitive when they  complained about the termination of a Latino administrator.   Then he wrote this, in an article about sexual assault on campus:  ``There is really nothing inherently wrong with the University failing  to punish an alleged rapist--regardless his guilt--in the absence of  adequate certainty; there is nothing that the University can do to  objectively ensure that the rapist does not strike again. Only the  legal system can do that, and if it lacks the certainty to do so, it is  not necessarily up to the University to stick it to the suspect,  anyway, just in case. Expelling students is probably not going to  contribute a great deal toward a rape victim's recovery; there is no  moral imperative to risk egregious error in doing so.''   Not only did Mr. Bounds publish these writings, but he chose not to  share his writings with Oregon's judicial selection committee even  though the committee had asked him to disclose any potentially  controversial materials.   Mr. Bounds said he didn't think he needed to disclose any information  to the committee that preceded his time at law school.   As Senators Wyden and Merkley pointed out in a letter to Chairman  Grassley, Mr. Bounds did share with the Oregon committee information  about his high school days. He just conveniently left out his  intolerant publications from college.   As Senators Wyden and Merkley said in their letter, ``Mr. Bounds'  failure to disclose these writings, and the nature of these writings  themselves, demonstrate a substantial lack of judgment that is  unsuitable for a nominee for a lifetime appointment.''   This is not a close call. The Senate should not be moving forward  with Mr. Bounds' nomination on process or substance.   Republicans are failing to be responsible stewards of nominations.  The fact that Senate Republicans are moving forward with this  nomination is a troubling sign for how Republicans will handle the  Supreme Court vacancy.   All too often, Senate Republicans are failing to serve as a  meaningful check and balance on President Trump when it comes to  nominations.   Last week, 50 Senate Republicans voted to confirm an unqualified  lawyer who had represented a suspicious Russian bank as the head of the  Justice Department's Criminal Division.   This week Republicans already voted to confirm Andrew Oldham, a 39- year-old circuit court nominee who refused to say whether he thought  Brown v. Board of Education was correctly decided and who has described  the Supreme Court as ``the most dangerous branch.''   Now, Senate Republicans are looking to confirm Mr. Bounds, who has  shown terrible judgment with his published writings and with his  failure to be forthcoming about them.   Senators have a constitutional obligation to scrutinize these  nominees and to vote no if the nominees lack the experience,  temperament, or judgment to be a fair and impartial judge. The Senate  should not be a rubberstamp, but under President Trump, all too often,  it has been.   I know Senate Republicans like to say it is unfair to nominees if we  hold them accountable for their records. My Republican colleagues have  been coming to the floor, day after day, complaining about what they  see as unfair scrutiny of the Kavanaugh Supreme Court nomination.   Do they have amnesia? I would remind them that no Supreme Court  nominee in history has ever has been treated worse than Merrick Garland  was treated by Senate Republicans in 2016. Senator McConnell wouldn't  even allow Judge Garland a hearing or the courtesy of a meeting.   The treatment of Merrick Garland was unprecedented, and it was  disrespectful. His record and reputation were torn apart by Republicans  who never gave him a chance to respond in an open hearing. Even Judge  Bork got a hearing and a vote.   I hope my Republican colleagues are not going to simply rubberstamp  President Trump's nominees. So many of these nominees are extreme. We  need to review their full records and consider them carefully before  voting to confirm them for life.   I have carefully considered Mr. Bounds' nomination, and I will vote  no. I urge my colleagues in both parties to join me.   