 Mr. President, 2 years ago, the Supreme Court handed down  its decision in Whole Women's Health v. Hellerstedt, which reaffirmed  the longstanding view that the government should not be in the business  of deciding what kind of healthcare a woman in America can or cannot  receive. A number of my colleagues are going to be coming to the floor  to discuss this issue. It was a crucial victory. My colleagues who have  been so involved in this issue over the years--Senator Murray and  Senator Blumenthal--and I as the ranking Democrat on the Finance  Committee have tried to do everything we possibly could because our  committee has extensive jurisdiction over women's healthcare in a  variety of programs that are crucial for women. It is in that context  that I want to reflect on what has happened since the Supreme Court  handed down that crucial victory, that important win for women's  healthcare as embodied in Whole Women's Health v. Hellerstedt.   At every turn since the President went to the White House, the  President's administration has put themselves in between American women  and their doctors. The President has sought to prevent healthcare  providers from sharing critical care information. The President has  sought to place restrictions on health clinics that women rely on every  single day for lifesaving services, such as cancer screenings,  physicals, prenatal care, and more. He has again and again sought to  place restrictions on and attempted to defund health clinics, such as  Planned Parenthood, that women in America rely on every single day for  lifesaving services, such as cancer screenings, physicals, prenatal  care, and more.   I hope colleagues will look at the words that I used to describe  those lifesaving services--lifesaving services that have absolutely  nothing to do with abortion--nothing--cancer screenings, physicals,  prenatal care, and more. That is what the President sought to place  restrictions on and attempted to defund in terms of health clinics that  offer those services.   The latest blow to the cause of making sure women can go to the  healthcare providers of their choosing came yesterday from the Supreme  Court. Yesterday, the Court in effect opened the door for deceptive  crisis pregnancy centers that are allowed to lie to women about what  kind of care they are able to receive.   All of these developments demonstrate that the effort for affordable,  accessible healthcare is far from done, and it is going to take a  constant push to ensure that healthcare in America moves forward and  not backward.   In my view, one of the biggest threats to Americans' healthcare is  the Trump administration's full-throated endorsement of repealing  preexisting condition protections. That is particularly important for  women who count on these essential consumer protections to get  affordable care for all services.   American women don't want to turn back the clock to the days where  health insurance was more expensive by default for women because  maternity care and other services weren't covered in standard plans.  Women don't want to be denied health insurance because of a cancer  scare they had a few years back or a small preventive surgery. That was  the reality before the Affordable Care Act.   I can only say that at one time, Democrats and Republicans here in  the Senate felt very strongly about loophole-free, airtight protection  for women and men and all Americans against discrimination for  preexisting conditions. I know that because in the context of debating  the Affordable Care Act, I was the sponsor of legislation, the Healthy  Americans Act, which had seven Democrats and seven Republicans as  cosponsors. Our proposal did have loophole-free, airtight protection  for women and all Americans against discrimination for preexisting  conditions. Essentially, what we seven Democrats and seven Republicans  proposed is what became part of the Affordable Care Act provisions  against discriminating against those with preexisting conditions, and  it is those protections, which are now law, which the Trump  administration seeks to roll back.   It is not widely known that it is not just men and women in the  individual healthcare market whom the President's reckless approach on  preexisting conditions is actually threatening. If the Trump  administration is successful, protections for the 167 million Americans  with employer-sponsored health insurance will also lose the Affordable  Care Act's airtight, loophole-free preexisting condition protections.  [[Page S4486]]  That means America would be turning back the clock on healthcare, and  an employer could once again put their bottom line over the health of  the American people. Back then, it meant individuals were prevented  from getting healthcare for months or leaving care for their  preexisting condition uncovered. I think it is pretty clear that the  American people do not want to return to a system like that.   Over the Fourth of July break, I will be heading back to Oregon. I am  going to have my 900th townhall meeting--900 meetings where, for an  hour and a half, I don't give any speeches; folks can just come in and  say what is on their minds and say what is important to them. I would  say that at a significant number of those 900 open-to-all, 90-minute  townhall meetings in Oregon, folks at home talk about the importance of  the issue I have just described--the protection for women and men and  all Americans against discrimination for preexisting conditions.   Certainly, women in America can't afford to return to a system where  they are systemically discriminated against. Women have been on the  frontlines, standing up and speaking out to ensure that doesn't happen,  ever since Donald Trump was elected.   I thank my colleagues, particularly Senator Murray and Senator  Blumenthal, who have been our leaders on this effort. As the ranking  Democrat on the Finance Committee, I try to do everything I can to help  them in their good work, and I appreciate their taking the time to  point out that it has been 2 years since the Supreme Court handed down  a historic decision that actually protected women and why we all feel  so strongly about not walking back that decision.   I thank Senator Murray, and I yield my time to her.   