 Mr. Speaker, the 115th Congress will soon come to an end.  There is much work that we will leave undone, but none so consequential  to our democracy as the failure to pass legislation to protect Special  Counsel Mueller's investigation from further interference by the  President. Today may be our last chance to avoid the constitutional  crisis that will come should this President fire Mueller or Rosenstein  or otherwise act to obstruct justice while we are in recess.   This is our opportunity, our responsibility, to uphold the rule of  law and to make clear that no one, even this President--or any  President--is above the law.   My colleagues, the fig leaf is gone. If we leave this work undone,  after all this President has said and done, if he fires individuals  responsible for an investigation into which the President himself may  be implicated, no Member of this Chamber can say they did not see it  coming.   For months, this President and his allies in Congress have sought to  interfere with, obstruct, and manipulate this investigation:   They have selectively leaked or declassified documents;   They have sought to impeach the Deputy Attorney General to give the  President cover to fire him;  [[Page H9107]]    They have watched in silence as this President has demanded loyalty  and public pronouncements of devotion from the Justice Department and  law enforcement officials while he has denigrated judges based on their  ethnicity, while he has told us that we cannot believe our free press,  that we cannot believe what we see and what we hear, but that we can  only believe him.   All of this is an affront to the rule of law, and all of it has been  met with almost absolute silence from my colleagues in the GOP, with  the exception of a few brave people like John McCain.   This is an administration that says the truth is not truth, that they  are entitled to their own alternate facts.   There is nothing more corrosive to a democracy than the idea that  there is no such thing as truth, that the President is the law, that he  is entitled to an Attorney General who will protect him and not the  country or our system of justice.    Mr. Speaker, by defeating this previous question, we can  bring to the floor a bipartisan bill to protect the special counsel's  investigation.   Wake up, my colleagues. Our democracy, our rule of law, is under  assault. Stand up to this President. Do your duty.    