 Mr. President, as the Senator from Pennsylvania is  leaving, those are the people whose names he just read. That is why I  am here to tell you that teachers, students, and staff at Marjory  Stoneman Douglas High School returned to school for the first time  since that shooting 2 weeks ago. Some were ready. Some who returned  were scared. Some didn't go back; they are going to a different school.   What happened at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School 2 weeks ago  should never happen anywhere in this country, ever, ever, never again.   Look at those faces so full of promise. Here is the coach. He saved  some of the kids' lives. He jumped in front of them. This is another  adult who tried to save lives. Here is another adult who tried to save  lives. It shouldn't happen in a school. It shouldn't happen at a  nightclub, like Pulse. It shouldn't happen in an airport or a church or  an outdoor concert. It shouldn't happen.   So why does it happen? Why does this keep happening over and over  again? Well, I am going to tell you why. It is because of us. It is  because all 100 Members of this Senate and all 435 Members down the  hallway in the House of Representatives--it is our refusal to act. It  is our failure to convince one another that there are some things that  should be done regardless of party politics or polls or what the  special interests want. They ought to be done simply because they are  the right things to do.   What about a commonsense approach, like a background check every time  somebody buys a gun? What about a comprehensive or universal background  check that would expand if there is a restraining order? How about if  there is a mental problem other than just an adjudicated mental order?  How about the terrorist watch list? If you are on that list, you can't  get on an airplane because you are suspected to be a terrorist. Why  should they be able to buy a gun? How about if you had been on the  terrorist watch list and are no longer? That would have caught the  shooter in Orlando because Omar Mateen had been on the terrorist watch  list and was no longer when he walked in and bought that Sig Sauer MCX  and mowed down 49 people.   It is our refusal to act. It is our failure to convince one another  that there are some things that should be done. If you take the  commonsense approach of requiring a background check, that is the right  thing to do. Banning the military-style assault rifles, that is the  right thing to do.   People get confused. There is a difference between a semiautomatic  rifle and an assault rifle. Ever since I was a little boy, I had a .22  semiautomatic rifle with a clip. That is not an assault weapon. Even a  bullet coming from a handgun--as one of the trauma surgeons who tended  to some of the victims in Broward County points out--that handgun  bullet will go in and come out through a victim the same size as it  went in. If it goes through an organ such as the liver, they can save  that person. That is in contrast to an assault rifle weapon--a bullet  that has three times the speed of a handgun bullet and that has three  times the energy when it hits the victim. So if it goes into an organ  such as the liver, it doesn't go through like a handgun bullet. It  pulverizes the liver, and when it comes out on the other side of the  body, it is as big as an orange. That is what an assault rifle is.  Listen to the trauma surgeons. They will tell you.   We could take up commonsense legislation right now and enact these  simple, commonsense measures to make our communities safer and help  prevent another mass tragedy, but unfortunately I think it is going to  be very difficult. For weeks now, even in the face of parents,  students, and teachers across this country calling for action, we have  done nothing. We have seen an entire community turn its grief and its  outrage into a massive call for change, and we have done nothing.   Across this country we have seen gun owners destroy their own assault  weapons. We have seen major corporations distance themselves from  groups like the NRA and their discounts. Just today, we heard announced  that private companies such as Dick's Sporting Goods are taking it upon  themselves to stop selling these weapons of war. They are not going to  sell AR-15s anymore. They are not going to do it because they were told  to, because Congress passed a law, but because it was the right thing  to do.   So if Congress fails to act now, when will we act? If these brave,  young students who lost their fellow students and faculty aren't enough  to break through the gridlock in Congress, what is it going to take? If  this tragedy doesn't spur us to action, lead us to change, what will?  When will enough finally be enough?   I say to my colleagues, the time to act is now. Let's not let what  happened at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High fade into memory like so many  other tragedies. Let's take this tragedy and make it a pivotal moment  in our Nation's history. Let's not have to go through these massacres  again. Let's let this be the last one.   Let's come together as a Senate and do what needs to be done. Let's  do what so many before us have been unable to do--let's take action.  Let's let this massacre be the last massacre.   I yield the floor.   