 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S7035]]     Mr. President, this week this body began rubberstamping  yet another Trump nominee who will help unravel Wall Street reform and  who will give big banks free rein again. This White House increasingly  looks like a retreat for Wall Street executives.   Michelle Bowman is about to become a member of the Board of Governors  of the Federal Reserve. We should be aware that the only reason this  slot is open is because of the obstruction of President Obama's Federal  Reserve nominees in the last Congress. President Trump will have  already nominated six of the seven Board slots. There are other  nominees we could be voting on who would enjoy more broad bipartisan  support and have a direct impact on saving and creating American jobs-- people such as the four bipartisan nominees to the Export-Import Bank,  blocked by two or three Members of the Senate doing the bidding of the  White House, costing us thousands.   This is coming from business interests, the Chamber of Commerce, the  National Association of Manufacturers, the Wall Street Journal, and  places like that. This is costing us thousands of good-paying  manufacturing jobs because of an ideological hangup on this side,  because of complicity in the majority leader's office, and because  somebody at the White House has a problem with the Export-Import Bank.  Nobody can understand what it is.   These nominees have strong bipartisan support. Instead of voting on  that to create jobs immediately--immediately in my State, we are voting  on someone who will make it easier for the Fed to roll back and water  down more consumer protections.   Ms. Bowman failed during a hearing to provide the committee any  insight on her views on monetary policy, regulation, and financial  instability--in other words, all of the issues that affect our economy  that she will make decisions on.   We have seen what is happening at the Fed. We have heard their plans  for rolling back rule after rule after rule. Vice Chair Quarles came to  our committee. Last week he said the Fed will weaken stress tests and  living wills for the largest banks.   We see what is happening in other ways. The Fed put out its proposal  to implement the bank giveaway bill enacted earlier this year. It rolls  back rules on banks with over $250 billion in assets. But do you know  what else it does? Get this. The Fed announced plans to weaken rules  for foreign megabanks. These are banks such as Santander, Deutsche  Bank, and UBS. These are foreign banks. Think about ``Make America  great again.'' These are foreign banks, big foreign banks--foreign  banks that are huge into the hundreds of billions of dollars in assets  internationally and a good size in this country. They have broken  Federal law time and time and time again.   What does the White House do? What does the majority leader do? He  says it is OK to give these foreign banks a break, and then we have to  be preached to about making America great? How does that make any sense  that the President of the United States sends these nominees up here  who come out of this swamp at the White House? These nominees, pure and  simple, look like a retreat of Wall Street executives at the White  House--excuse me, a retreat of foreign bank CEOs at the White House.  They come up here, and we weaken the rules that protect Americans.   We side with foreign banks that have broken the law instead of siding  with American consumers. Something is very, very wrong on that.   I worry for our country. I worry for our economy. I know what  happened. There may be collective amnesia on the Senate Banking  Committee, but I remember what happened. The ZIP Code my wife and I  live in had more foreclosures in 2007 than any ZIP Code in the United  States of America.   I see the residue from those foreclosures. I know people lost their  homes. I know people lost their savings. I know people lost their jobs.  I see what those homes look like. I know they have high levels of lead- based paint. Does anybody at the Fed care about that? No, they want  more deregulation. They want to help the foreign banks at the expense  of people in my neighborhood. It is bad economics. It is morally  outrageous.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   