 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we have barely over a week to negotiate a  broad package of must-pass items, including an extension of government  funding, a deal to lift the spending caps for both defense and urgent  domestic priorities, a healthcare package, disaster aid, an agreement  to protect the Dreamers, and to provide additional border security.   The path forward on some of these issues is very clear. There are  significant bipartisan majorities that would vote to extend CHIP, or  the Children's Health Insurance Program, and community health centers.  There seems to be a growing consensus on how we can pass the 702 FISA  Court program.   I am also confident that we could assemble a disaster aid package  that addresses the needs of all of the States and Territories--Texas,  Florida, Louisiana, California, the Western States that have been  plagued by fires, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands--as well as  modifying what the Forest Service does so they don't spend all of their  money simply fighting forest fires and not do the job they are intended  to do, which is to prevent future forest fires by careful forestry  programs.   Even where the path is murkier, the outlines of a deal exist. If we  don't lift the spending caps in short order, the sharp ax of  sequestration will fall on the military side of the budget and on the  domestic side of the budget. That is a scenario everyone wants to  avoid.   The majority leader continues to insist that we should raise the  budget caps unequally, sparing our military but not critical domestic  programs that create jobs, grow our economy, and help the middle class.  We Democrats believe we absolutely must provide the resources our men  and women overseas need to protect our country. We believe that  strongly, but we also know that there are many important issues here at  home--combating the opioid crisis, improving veterans' healthcare,  shoring up pensions for millions of hard-working Americans who are  approaching retirement, and dealing with rural development and rural  broadband. These items are all crucial to the middle class.   The deadly scourge of opioid addiction has contributed to the first  consecutive-year decline in life expectancy in the great United States  of America since the early 1960s. That is an astounding and alarming  fact that should rouse everyone in this Chamber to action. It is not  occurring in most of our Western country allies.   Some of our veterans have been waiting in line for healthcare at  veterans hospitals for over a year. These men and women served our  country bravely. We have a solemn responsibility to serve them when  they come home, and we are not living up to that responsibility right  now.   Over a million Americans paid into pension plans with the expectation  that they could retire with basic dignity. For so many of them-- teamsters, miners, food workers--pensions have fallen short, and a  lifetime of careful savings may be ripped away from pensioners at the  last moment. We could make progress on each of these issues through a  budget that lifts the spending caps equally for defense and nondefense.   The Republican majority, which conveniently forgot its long history  of opposing deficits when passing a $1.5 trillion tax bill, cannot, in  good conscience, turn around and complain about deficits here. So let's  make the investments we all know are essential in both our military and  in our middle class.   Even on the most challenging issue we face, the fate of the Dreamers,  there appears to be a path forward. Yesterday's immigration meeting at  the White House was encouraging for two reasons. First, practically  everyone at the table--including some of the most conservative voices  on immigration, like the Senator from Iowa--agreed that we must resolve  the future of Dreamers by passing DACA protections into law. That is a  very positive development.   Second, President Trump appeared to endorse a narrow deal to protect  the Dreamers, leaving the thornier issues for a later debate on  comprehensive immigration reform--a debate that, personally, I would  welcome, the sooner the better.   But first, we have to do this narrow deal. President Trump also  backed off his demand that a DACA deal include an expensive and  ineffective border wall across the entire length of the southern  border. Of course, the devil is in the details. We Democrats have  repeated time and again that we are ready, willing, and eager to  support an effective, practical border security measure in a deal that  enshrines DACA into law. The President yesterday seemed to agree with  that. We agree with that. For these reasons, the meeting was  encouraging.   Last night, a Federal judge ruled against the Trump administration's  handling of the termination of the DACA Program. Let me be very clear.  The ruling last night in no way diminishes the urgency of resolving the  DACA issue. On this we agree with the White House, which says the  ruling doesn't do anything to reduce Congress's obligation to address  this problem now. A court case, of course, is no guarantee of lasting  security. A higher court can quickly overturn it. Unsurprisingly, the  Department of Justice responded to the ruling last night by saying that  it ``will continue to vigorously defend [this] position, and looks  forward to vindicating its position in further legislation.'' So the  fact remains that the only way to guarantee the legal status for  Dreamers is to pass DACA protections into law and to do it now. For  that reason, a resolution to the DACA issue must be part of a global  deal on the budget.   We cannot tolerate delay. Delay is a tactic employed by those who do  not wish to see a deal. Let me just say, promises that maybe in the  future we will do it--particularly on immigration--have vanished by the  wayside.  [[Page S115]]  Unless DACA is on a must-pass deal--a must-pass bill--in terms of a  global agreement, people are rightfully skeptical that it will ever  happen. Somehow, somewhere, someone will say: I can't do it.   Let's not forget that the House has been a graveyard even for  immigration proposals that have had bipartisan consensus here in the  Senate. So it must be on a must-pass bill. Otherwise, we are not going  to get it.   Congressional negotiators and the valiant group here in the Senate  led by Senators Durbin and Graham are focused on this issue right now.  The meeting they had yesterday--I talked to both Senators Durbin and  Graham last night and this morning--provides a clearer picture of the  parameters of the deal. The iron is hot. We should strike now. Delay  will snuff out the hope of getting an agreement that both sides can  live with. Let us press forward. Each side is going to have to give.    I am confident, though, that both sides can come to an agreement on  border security. I am convinced now both sides want to find a consensus  on DACA. Some will support a deal enthusiastically, others reluctantly,  but, nonetheless, an agreement is within reach. We ought to get it done  through the Senate, through the House, and onto the President's desk  for signature now. So let's get the job done.   I yield the floor.   