 Mr. President, judges and litigants in our State of Kansas  have been anxious to have the vacant positions in our State filled. One  of those two vacancies in district judgeships is the longest open  vacancy in the country, and today we accomplished the filling of one of  those positions with the confirmation of John Broomes.   I rise to express my pleasure to my colleagues and to Mr. Broomes--my  pleasure for his willingness to be considered for this position, to be  nominated by the President, and now to be confirmed by the U.S.  Senate--and to express my pleasure to my colleagues for seeing his  qualifications and experience and capabilities and making that  confirmation happen just a few moments ago. He is a highly qualified  individual, he is a well-respected attorney, and he has the intellect  and legal mind and legal experience to receive this lifetime  appointment as a Federal judge.   I take these lifetime appointments very seriously, and I want to make  certain that, as a Kansas Senator and as a U.S. Senator, I am doing my  part to put highly qualified and soundly principled judges in place to  serve Kansas and the country. John Broomes meets these qualifications.  In my conversations with him over the last year, he expressed a  judicial philosophy that is dedicated to the interpretation of the law  as written, recognition that no person is above the law, and treatment  for all litigants in a fair and legal fashion.   I appreciate Mr. Broomes' naval service to our country. His  willingness to serve is a mark of his character and his love for our  Nation.   I want to highlight a note from a distinguished professor at Washburn  Law School in Topeka, KS. He indicated in his letter that he found Mr.  Broomes to be ``the most gifted legal mind he has ever encountered.  Equally important, he is an honest and principled person and among the  very best lawyers I know.'' Dr. David Pierce, a law school professor,  is a highly regarded member of the faculty and chairman of the Washburn  business and transactional law program, and his confirmation of my view  of John Broomes is very fulfilling to me. It gives me great confidence  that we have made a wise decision today.   Mr. Broomes served as a law clerk to U.S. Magistrate Judge Donald  Bostwick and U.S. District Court Judge Monti Belot, and their  reputation and experience add to Mr. Broomes' qualifications.   I met Mr. Broomes' family, and I was so impressed with him as a  father. I was impressed with his wife and their children. He has a  reputation as a solid, decent, and conscientious person and a man with  a conscience. He also has a reputation for expertly managing cases and  solving complex litigation. He has been a valuable attorney to the  Hinkle law firm, a highly regarded law firm in Wichita, KS. That firm  is known for employing associates and having partners who meet the  qualifications that we would want in a judge. He focuses on business  and natural resources law, and that knowledge of those kinds of cases  will be very valuable to litigation that is heard in my State.   Mr. Broomes was unanimously confirmed by the Senate Judiciary  Committee in December, and I appreciate the support my colleagues have  demonstrated on his confirmation today.  [[Page S2113]]    Thank you, Mr. President.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Dustin  Ellsberry, an intern in Senator Sullivan's office, be granted floor  privileges for the remainder of the day.   