 Mr. President, as we all know, our government is now in  its second full day of a shutdown. Public opinion is swinging against  what is happening. As that occurs, it has been interesting to me to see  that the talking points have changed on the part of the congressional  Democrats. We have just seen an example of that on the Senate floor.  Let's first look at a few uncontested facts.   Our government has been operating since September 30 of last year  under a series of continuing resolutions--CRs. In other words, Congress  has passed a series of temporary funding bills instead of enacting  appropriations for the full fiscal year. This is not an ideal  practice--and there is plenty of blame to go around--but it is  generally considered better than allowing funding to lapse and the  government to shut down.   We have heard about generals and Pentagon officials decrying the  practice of continuing resolutions. I can assure my colleagues that  generals and defense officials like government shutdowns far less than  temporary spending bills. So let's not say we are taking the advice of  our military leaders in shutting down the government.   The last CR was adopted to run until midnight of January 19, this  past Friday night. That was the date on which our Democratic colleagues  decided not to extend temporary funding for the entire Federal  Government for 1 more month. The specific reason the Democratic  leadership gave for not agreeing to another CR was DACA--Deferred  Action for Childhood Arrivals--a program designed to protect those  young immigrants who were brought to America illegally through no fault  of their own.   President Obama implemented this program through Executive order.  President Trump, in believing it was better to handle this issue  through legislation, decided to end the program in March of this year.  In ending the DACA Executive order, President Trump has called on  Congress to formulate a legislative, statutory fix for DACA recipients.  We should bear in mind that Republicans and Democrats have been working  on a DACA solution and will continue to do so.   There are other important immigration issues that I believe should be  attached to the DACA issue, including the funding of a border wall and  the replacement of chain migration. Chain migration, as we know, is the  practice of allowing immigration lottery persons to bring in a host of  relatives to the United States. The good news in this regard is  negotiators have until March to reach a deal on DACA.   It is also a fact that this government shutdown is happening because  an overwhelming majority of Senate Democrats voted no on a cloture  motion to bring a new funding bill to a vote. Now, cloture votes take  60 votes, and my Democratic friends can say until they are blue in the  face that the Republicans are in charge of the entire government--in  charge of the Senate, in charge of the House, and in charge of the  Presidency--but that does not take away from the fact that it takes  bipartisan support to end a filibuster. It takes 60 votes. It takes  Democrats and Republicans in the Senate to move to cloture on a new  funding bill, and it is simply a fact that a majority of Democrats  voted no. That is why we are in a shutdown.   Another undisputed fact is, the most recent CR would have run until  mid-February and that the DACA Program--this program for childhood  arrivals--is not set to expire until March. How does it make any sense  to shut down the government over a program that will last longer than  the temporary funding bill? It doesn't. Yet that is exactly what our  Democratic friends decided to do--shut down the government on an  immigration issue.   Here is the front page of Friday's New York Times, which is not  exactly known as a great friend to the Republican Party. It reads:  ``Senate Showdown Looms As Spending Bill Advances.'' This was the  morning before the evening when our Democratic friends refused to fund  the government. ``House approves a stopgap measure while Democrats dig  in on immigration.'' According to the New York Times, it was an  immigration issue that caused the Democrats to dig in.   The Washington Post reported the same: ``Shutdown looms despite House  action.'' The subhead read that the Democrats tie Dreamers--another way  to say the DACA recipients--to the passage of a budget deal. Again,  that is the headline by not exactly the strongest Republican paper in  the country--the Washington Post.   I find it interesting to hear the Democrats now talking about other  reasons for their votes to shut down the Federal Government, reasons  that are unrelated to the immigration issue, which was their real  reason. We have seen it on the Senate floor tonight. We saw it  yesterday on the Senate floor--a colloquy of distinguished Democratic  Senators who talked extensively about the S-CHIP program for children's  health as having somehow been inadequately treated in the CR they  helped to defeat.   My colleague from South Dakota pointed out just a few moments ago  that, in fact, the continuing resolution provided for a 6-year  extension of the S-CHIP program for these 9 million Americans. Yet  somehow that became a reason, and it was a reason listed by my good  friend from New Jersey just a moment ago.   I tuned in to hear the House proceedings yesterday and heard the  Democrats going on at length about community health centers all of a  sudden and then about flood and hurricane relief. We heard on the floor  tonight that a good reason to vote against the CR was that we have just  done it too many times. Three times is OK, but four times is just too  many. Of course, they proposed yet another fourth CR, but it was only a  CR they had preferred to vote for. We hear them talk about tax cuts for  the wealthy, the National Institutes of Health, and opioids. This  Congress has done marvelous work on this pressing opioid problem.  Medicaid has been mentioned. Medicaid is a mandatory program. It has  nothing whatsoever to do with the year-to-year appropriations bills.   We have just heard every reason in the world other than the reason  the national press has pointed out, which is  [[Page S421]]  that this is an immigration dispute that doesn't even ripen until  March, but our friends have refused to give us 60 votes to bring that  to a close. I wonder why that is.   Could it be our Democratic friends are beginning to realize that  shutting down the government over an immigration dispute is not turning  out to be a winner for them?   It may be they have read the most recent CNN poll. That poll showed  56 percent of Americans saying that approving a budget to avoid a  shutdown is more important than continuing the DACA Program. Let me  repeat that: 56 percent of Americans said to approve a budget and avoid  a shutdown. Only 34 percent chose DACA over a shutdown. Maybe that poll  and other indications of public disapproval have caused those who voted  for the shutdown to modify their reasons. I hope it causes 60 of us  later on tonight to say yes to a solution that will get the government  back open.    I say to my Democratic colleagues, it might have been nice or even  desirable to include a DACA bill in the most recent CR proposal, but  there is still at least a month and a half to resolve that issue. We  have time to tend to the DACA issue, and we don't need to shut down the  government over that issue.   What the people cannot understand is how it makes sense to force a  shutdown over an issue that is completely unrelated to the temporary  spending bill. My Democratic friends now seem to be searching for a  figleaf of a solution so they can relent and allow the Federal  Government to reopen and to function. I hope they find that reason.  Maybe a 3-week CR is that vehicle.   If a solution is agreed to, it will take about that long to actually  write the legislation, but something needs to give, and it needs to  give tonight. The American people need this shutdown to end, our  adversaries around the world need to see we can get our act together,  and our military, our security personnel, and all of our public  servants deserve the right to get back to the jobs they have signed on  to do.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   