 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairman of the  Agriculture Committee for his help and support and for crafting a farm  bill that I think will benefit a great many Americans.   Mr. Chair, this bill benefits both farmers and consumers across the  country. Even in a densely populated State like mine, New Jersey, the  most densely populated State in the Nation, I have over 800 family  farms that will benefit from this bill.   I have cranberry and blueberry growers that will benefit from  specialty crop grants. Our main State university, Rutgers, will benefit  from research grants. There are crop insurance provisions, conservation  measures, things that will benefit all of us.   But let's face it: the most controversial part of this bill, or at  least one of the most controversial parts, has been the Supplemental  Nutrition Assistance Program, SNAP.   Of the $867 billion of authorized spending over the next 10 years,  $664 billion, or more than 75 percent, is for this one program.   This has been bipartisan, up until now at least. It has always been  that the Federal Government would partner with States to help the most  vulnerable people in the Nation, and, at the same time, we would help  those people towards self-sufficiency, help them prepare to enter the  workforce so that they can have the dignity that comes with a job. I  think every American deserves this.   We have always balanced both compassion and individual  responsibility, and I think this bill goes a long way to continuing in  that tradition.   My amendment is about children. It is imperative, as we continue this  balance, that no child gets caught up, even unintentionally, in  something harmful. No child can go to school on an empty stomach and  learn, and no child should have to come home from school and wonder  where their next meal is coming from.   There is a lot in this bill already that protects children. I  recognize that. I recognize that the committee has been very attentive  to this. My amendment goes a little farther and makes it explicitly  clear to those who administer the SNAP programs around the country that  children cannot be harmed in any way.   I will read the relevant part of the amendment. It says: ``If an  individual becomes ineligible to participate in the Supplemental  Nutrition Assistance Program as a household member due to failure to  meet the requirements under subparagraph (B), the remaining household  members (including children), shall not become ineligible to apply to  participate in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program due to  such individual's ineligibility.''   In other words, kids are off limits.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, I regret my friend's confusion over what it does, but,  as he well knows, we pass sometimes this much law and those who  implement that pass this much, in terms of how it actually gets played  out.   This amendment makes it explicitly clear to those who administer the  SNAP program that children must be held harmless, they must be  protected.   On top of that, the underlying bill also stops family sanctioning.   So you can call it a belt-and-suspenders approach, but, when it comes  to children, I think it is worth making it as crystal-clear as possible  that they cannot be harmed.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr.  Rodney Davis).    Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Thompson), my friend.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   