 Mr. Speaker, there aren't many today who haven't  been touched by the opioid crisis in America. This swift and  devastating epidemic has hit every community in America and robbed  countless individuals of their hopes and ambitions.   Addiction is devastating to witness and, in some cases, it only takes  5 days for someone's son, daughter, or parent to become addicted. The  sad truth is that, all too often, many become addicted after taking an  opioid for a legitimate reason. This is an epidemic that has torn apart  families and left in its path of destruction a generation of children  without parents and parents faced with burying their kids.   We have also seen more and more news stories of law enforcement  agents having near-fatal encounters with just trace amounts of these  synthetic opioids such as fentanyl. In one case, a small fleck almost  killed a police officer in Ohio. This is a frightening reminder of how  dangerous these substances truly are.   The loss of so many Americans due to opioid addiction is  unfathomable. In 2016 alone, more Americans died due to opioid  overdoses than were lost over the entire Vietnam war.   The scale of the crisis is immense. The loss of potential for so many  is hard to comprehend, but House Republicans and Democrats are coming  together in fighting with every tool in our arsenal to combat the  opioid crisis.   That is why today I rise in strong support of H.R. 5788, known as the  STOP Act. This bipartisan bill addresses a serious problem that has  helped fuel the opioid epidemic: cheap and illegal synthetic opioids  shipped from  [[Page H5171]]  foreign nations through the international mail. From our speakers today  you have learned about the proven techniques to stop this drug  smuggling.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the leaders who brought this solution to  the floor. I thank Congressman Bishop of Michigan, the author of this  bill, for his leadership; as well as Ranking Member Pascrell of New  Jersey; chairman of the Trade Subcommittee,  David Reichert of  Washington; Congressman  John Faso of New York; and Senator Portman  from Ohio for their diligent work to deliver a hard-hitting solution to  this very serious problem.   I am confident that this bill, shaped by Republicans and Democrats  working together, will make a difference in the opioid crisis and help  protect many Americans. By passing this bill, we can take meaningful  action to help stop the flow of the illegal smuggling of opioids into  this Nation.   I urge my colleagues to join in supporting this bill.   