 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3230, a  bill that honors Idaho's greatest athlete and one of our great  humanitarians.   H.R. 3230 names the post office in Payette, Idaho, after Harmon  Killebrew, a Hall of Fame baseball player who later built an incredible  legacy of charitable work.   Idahoans take great pride in Harmon Killebrew's success, and  rightfully so. Killebrew's career began in 1954 when Herman Welker, the  U.S. Senator from Idaho, tipped off the owner of the Washington  Senators, Clark Griffith, about the 17-year-old slugger.   Griffith sent a scout, who almost didn't get to see Killebrew play.  After a night of rain, groundkeepers burned gasoline to make the field  playable. Killebrew did his part by hitting a ball 435 feet into a  Payette beet field.   Immediately signed as a $12,000 bonus baby, Killebrew debuted a few  weeks later. During his 22-year career with the Washington Senators,  Minnesota Twins, and Kansas City Royals, he hit 573 home runs, more  than all but four major league players at the time of his retirement.   He was the American league's most valuable player in 1969, hitting 49  home runs and driving in 140 runs. He played in 13 All-Star games and  was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 1984.   Killebrew built his strength lifting 10-gallon milk cans on Idaho  dairies and leveraged his work ethic into legendary status. For fans  across America, Killebrew was beloved for remaining the down-to-Earth  farm kid who signed a major league contract before turning 18.   Twins teammate, Rich Reese, called him ``one of the classiest people  I've ever met in my life. . . . he treated people with respect, even  with the stature that he had.''    Asked what he liked to do for fun, Killebrew once said, ``Well, I  like to wash dishes, I guess.'' In the off season, he worked feeding  cows, selling men's clothing, and reading gas meters.   After retirement from baseball, he sold insurance, ran a car  dealership, and worked as a broadcaster.   In 1976, Killebrew helped found the Danny Thompson Memorial Golf  Tournament in Sun Valley, Idaho, now called the Killebrew-Thompson  Memorial. The event benefits cancer research.   The Harmon Killebrew Foundation, founded in 1998, with his wife,  Nita, has built more than a dozen Miracle League fields designed for  kids with disabilities, including one named for him in Payette. The  baseball and football fields at Payette High School are also named for  Killebrew.   Killebrew died of cancer in 2011 at age 74 after entering into  hospice care, a treatment he had advocated for for years. At his  memorial service, his wife read a tribute from a fan: ``Harmon is an  extraordinary, beautiful, loving, compassionate human being, who also  happens to be a legendary baseball player.''   In the days after his death, his high school team, the Payette  Pirates, made an improbable run for a State championship. Entering the  district tournament with a losing record, the Pirates won four straight  to reach the State title game. The team wore HK patches on their  sleeves. ``Harmon's been with us the entire time,'' said one player.  The Pirates finally lost to a 25-1 Fruitland team, taking home the  second-place trophy.   ``He is still touching people,'' said Nita Killebrew, who worked with  my office on the bill and lives in Meridian. Killebrew's legacy of  generosity lives on, and it is appropriate to honor his legacy with the  legislation we are considering today.   I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 3230. Through this  bill, we will recognize one of Idaho's greatest stars, and we will  advance the legacy of one of America's most charitable athletes.   