 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be able to  complete my remarks and for the Senator from Arizona to follow me.    Mr. President, I rise to recognize the role of nutrition  in the health and wellness of our Nation and the development of our  children. Arkansas' agricultural producers play a vital role in  providing affordable, nutritious food, not only for our State and  country but for the entire world.   March is recognized as National Nutrition Month. This is a time to  focus attention on the importance of a balanced diet and healthy eating  choices. As a cochair of the Senate Hunger Caucus, I am committed to  supporting and raising awareness of efforts that provide nutritious,  healthy meals; creating policies that fight hunger; and supporting  programs that have proven successful.   The Department of Agriculture's Child and Adult Care Food Program is  a unique effort that uses public-private partnerships to meet the  nutritional needs of vulnerable children and adults. This has become a  critical tool in the fight against hunger.   Senator Klobuchar and I recently introduced a resolution designating  this week as National Child and Adult Care Food Program Week to honor  and raise awareness of the important role the Child and Adult Care Food  Program plays in the health of those in Arkansas, Minnesota, and  throughout the country. Through this program, more than 4 million  children and 130,000 adults in childcare centers, adult daycare homes,  and afterschool programs receive nutritious meals and snacks daily.   Studies show that access to the Child and Adult Care Food Program can  measurably and positively impact the cognitive, social, emotional, and  physical health and development of children, leading to more favorable  outcomes, such as decreased likelihood of being hospitalized, an  increased likelihood of healthy weight gain, and an increased  likelihood of a more varied diet.   As a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, I will be working to  ensure that individuals who need food assistance are able to access  affordable, nutritious meals. I will also continue to press for  flexibility in the Department of Agriculture's Summer Food Service  Program so children who rely on school meals when class is in session  can access healthy, nutritious meals during the summer in order to have  a seamless transition from the school year to the summer programs.    In Arkansas, more than 50,000 children receive nutritious meals  through this program. For many rural areas of the country, like the  Natural State, this one-size-fits-all approach fails to meet the needs  of communities and the children who are most in need.   More than 60 percent of Arkansas' children rely on free or reduced  meals during the school year, so we need to modernize the program so  that summer meal sites are available to children no matter where they  live. Arkansas is blessed to have the support of schools, churches,  Boys & Girls Clubs, libraries, and other organizations that serve as  host sites for summer meal programs, and we need to allow them the  flexibility that is necessary to reach the students in their  communities. It is time that Federal policy responds to this need.   I have seen how community involvement in Arkansas is fighting food  insecurity. Efforts like the Cooking Matters at the Store Initiative,  launched by the Arkansas Hunger Relief Alliance, teaches families who  are on budgets to compare prices, read food labels, and buy fruits and  vegetables.   This month is recognized as School Breakfast Month in Arkansas. State  educators have seen how essential breakfast is to students' progress,  so they have instituted programs to promote breakfast and are helping  to grow gardens where the food produced is used in school lunches.  Grocery stores are allowing SNAP beneficiaries to purchase locally  grown produce at a discount. Proper nutrition is crucial to our well- being.   Creating opportunities to access healthy, nutritious food is also  important to our State's and the Nation's economic development. In  order to break the cycle of food insecurity, we must work together.  Hunger knows no boundaries, but it is preventable, and we have the  tools to help fight it. We have made significant gains in Arkansas,  across the country, and throughout the world to improve nutrition for  the most vulnerable in our society, and I will continue to be a  champion of efforts to improve access to healthy nutritious, foods.   I yield the floor.   