 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss S.J. Res. 54, a  pointed statement from the U.S. Senate that the status quo in Yemen is  not tenable, that we will not stand idly by as the President lends our  country's name to the calamitous military forays of another nation, and  that our security partners across the world do not have a blank check.   To my knowledge, this is the first time the Senate has considered a  joint  [[Page S7487]]  resolution under this provision, which is directly derived from the  Wars Powers Resolution. This is an important step to reasserting  Congress's role in authorizing the use of force. I was proud to see a  strong show of support for the procedural vote to move this resolution  forward, and I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle continue  to embrace that moral fortitude.   I am also pleased to support Senator Young's amendment to this  resolution, which I understand Senator Sanders also supports. This  language would clarify that refueling operations definitively  constitute U.S. support for hostilities in this context, and I know he  has been very focused on this issue of Yemen and a critical voice in  the Senate on this crisis.   Some may have been holding out hope that the administration would  show a good-faith effort to hold the Saudi coalition accountable for  its actions in Yemen or to hold the Saudi Government and the Crown  Prince accountable for all of their actions. Well, we haven't seen that  leadership. On the contrary, I believe that, in spite of concrete  evidence, the Trump administration is intent on doing nothing to hold  the Saudi Government or the Crown Prince responsible for their actions.   As we debate a path forward to address the tragic humanitarian crisis  in Yemen and to hold the Saudi coalition and the Houthi combatants  accountable for their actions, children in Yemen continue to starve,  people continue to die, and more reports about gruesome torture of  detainees continue to emerge. Sadly, we don't actually know the extent  of the devastation. Some humanitarian organizations on the ground  estimate that as many as 50,000 people have died, with more than 14  million on the brink of starvation. Save the Children recently posited  that as many as 130 children are dying each and every day.   We may not know the exact numbers, but we know enough to know that  the conflict in Yemen has produced the world's worst humanitarian  crisis. The Saudi coalition must take responsibility for its actions,  and, likewise, the Houthis and their Iranian backers also bear the  burden of this tragedy.   The United States can take concerted and strategic diplomatic steps  to ensure that our involvement--any involvement--promotes a net  positive outcome for regional stability, for our own security  interests, and for the Yemeni people. We can invest in the U.N.-led  talks in Sweden. We can wholeheartedly promote diplomacy as a path  forward to solve this conflict, which our own defense and diplomatic  leaders concede has no military solution.   But let's be clear. This resolution is very important, and I  wholeheartedly support it. I have worked so that it can be preserved  with only germane amendments. But the resolution itself will not stop  the war in Yemen, nor will it somehow stop the immense human suffering,  nor put an end to human rights violations.   What this resolution does do, however, is send a strong message to  the Saudis about U.S. global leadership. It is a message that says the  United States will not stand by as countries--even those with which we  have important security relationships--flagrantly violate international  norms.   The United States must assert moral leadership on the global stage.  We must proudly embrace the immutable fact that our strongest  relationships are those rooted in shared values, such as respect for  human life, respect for basic democratic freedoms, respect for  international institutions and norms that we have shaped to promote a  safer and more prosperous future.   When we fail to call out egregious offenses--the slaughter of  innocent civilians, the murder of American resident and journalist  Jamal Khashoggi, the effective kidnapping of heads of state, just to  name a few--we contribute to the steady erosion of fundamental freedoms  and values that have driven us to a position of global strength.   This resolution is a clear message that if the President of the  United States will not stand up in defense of our values, we in the  U.S. Senate will. When this President selectively condemns some  violations one day and then inexplicably ignores them and condones them  another day, the Congress will act as an effective check and balance.  As a coequal branch of government, we will defend American values, and  we will work to promote our long-term security interests.   At the end of the day, the Saudi Government must take responsibility  for its actions, for this ugly war does not serve Saudi Arabia's own  long-term interests.   Achieving a path toward stability and prosperity demands that the  Saudi Government hold itself to a higher standard. It must treat its  citizens with dignity and respect. It must engage its partners in the  region in responsible efforts to protect its borders from ever-growing  Iranian threats. Shortsighted, capricious actions will not serve Saudi  Arabia's long-term interests.   Yes, the United States has an important relationship with Saudi  Arabia. But we must also be true to our own long-term interests, and  that means we cannot sit idly by, waiting for the Crown Prince and the  Saudi Government to act. It should be clear to everyone in this body  that the resolution we are considering today is just one part of this  effort.   I am proud to have worked across party lines with Senators Young,  Reed, Graham, and others in introducing the comprehensive Saudi Arabia  Accountability and Yemen Act. This bill calls for a limited suspension  of offensive weapons sales to Saudi Arabia, prohibits U.S. refueling of  Saudi coalition aircraft engaged in Yemen, sanctions persons blocking  humanitarian access in Yemen, sanctions persons supporting the Houthis  in Yemen, mandates Global Magnitsky sanctions on persons responsible  for the death of American resident Jamal Khashoggi.   Unfortunately, we have not been able to get to this legislation in  the timeframe that we have, but let me be clear. We will continue to  work at it, and we do not want to see a weak substitute that degrades  the intent of tangible action from the Senate.   I hope, after we get through this important vote on this resolution,  at the end of the day--whether it be in this Congress or the next--that  the only thing we do with reference to Jamal Khashoggi is not simply an  expression of our outrage. We need to do something far more than that  if we are going to send a global message. The time for waiting and  posturing is over.   This administration has made abundantly and disappointingly clear  that it will not act unless we force it to. President Trump has made  clear over and over again that the only way he takes the high road is  if he is dragged up to it, kicking and screaming. Taking their cue, the  Saudis at this moment see no incentive to change their behavior. It is  time for the Senate to act. It is time to stand up for the very values  that define us as a nation.   The passage of the Sanders-Lee resolution should signal to the world  that the U.S. Senate should hold Saudi Arabia accountable--including  the royal family. We will continue to demand that we consider  additional measures to make clear what we stand for as a nation.   I yield the floor.    If my friend the distinguished chairman of the  committee will yield for a moment, let me just say first that I  appreciate his good intentions and commitment to having a process in  which the Sanders-Lee resolution could move forward. To keep it within  a germane sphere, I know that was one of the things the Senator said  very early on, which I embrace, and I am glad for his leadership in  that regard. I think passing this will be important, and I urge all of  our colleagues to vote for it.   I look forward to when he presents the resolution he has talked about  with reference to the Crown Prince. I do think that if he brings that  forward, it is likely something I will support because I think it is  important to make it very clear that you cannot kill with impunity just  because you are our ally and that human rights and democracy are still  values that we--at least in the U.S. Senate--believe are an integral  part of our foreign policy. Countries that observe human rights and  democracy and share our deepest values at the end of the day are our  most reliable allies and are less likely to drag us into conflicts in  other places. So I look forward to that debate and discussion when the  distinguished Senator offers that.   But I will reiterate--and I appreciate the Senator's somewhat  endorsement with some reservations. It is critical--I know Senator  Young is standing; I will cease in a moment--that we need to do more-- even though I will probably embrace what the Senator is doing--than  just say we are outraged that the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia is  complicit in the killing of Jamal Khashoggi.   There is a long list of things the Crown Prince has already done  beyond that, some of which I mentioned in my remarks. But at the end of  the day, if all we do is express our outrage, then anybody in the  world, any leader in the world, any country we have a relationship with  could say: Well, they will publicly slap us on the wrist, but that will  be the total consequence.   If that is the total consequence, then at the end of the day, people  will act with impunity. When they do that, we go down a dangerous path,  not just for those who live in those countries and may be subjected to  those types of indiscriminate executions and other gross violations of  human rights; we send a global message that is a downward spiral. That  is what I and some of my colleagues I am going to join briefly to talk  about--we intend to pursue this in the next Congress--want to see  happen. I appreciate that the Senator supports that sentiment, and I  look forward to continuing to work with him until the very end of this  session.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   