 Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of Mr. Beyer to  offer an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment preserves the National  Ocean Policy. The National Ocean Policy is a commonsense way to  facilitate multistakeholder collaboration on complex ocean issues, and  it promotes economic opportunity, national security, and environmental  protection.  [[Page H4948]]    I think we can all agree that we want thriving ocean and coastal  ecosystems that promote the economic vitality of our communities. The  National Ocean Policy is doing exactly that with the Northeastern  region having completed its plan and the West Coast and other regions  well on their way.   Prohibiting the allocation of funds to this important program will  stifle collaboration among stakeholders on complex issues relating to  environmental protection, national security, economic opportunity, and  ocean policy.   I represent a coastal district in southern California, and I know  firsthand that we can have a thriving ocean economy and at the same  time protect and conserve our precious ocean resources.   Off the coast of my district, there are marine-protected areas, State  waters, Federal waters, and Department of Defense installations. We are  a marine life hotspot. Some of the best blue whale watching happens  just a few miles from our shore. We have a booming recreational fishing  section. We have a large shellfish aquaculture ranch that is now  operating. We have beautiful beaches. We also have oil and gas activity  with some rigs right near our shore. My district is also home to the  Port of Long Beach, which is the second busiest port in North America.   With so much activity happening, it simply makes sense to have the  Navy at the table when NOAA is working on siting of new aquaculture  installations. It makes sense to have the Fishery Management Council  weigh in when oil rigs are being decommissioned, and it is a no-brainer  that NOAA, the Coast Guard, and the ports all work together to get  these massive ships in and out of our port safely.   So as we move forward, the need for an overarching policy only grows.  Issues like sea level rise and ocean acidification are too big and too  serious for any one community or agency to tackle alone. Increased  aquaculture development and new technologies for clean, local energy  are creating economic opportunities, but they must be thoughtfully  implemented.   The National Ocean Policy is the tool we have right now to promote  smart shared use of our ocean resources. All of our districts benefit  from our oceans, whether we represent coastal districts or not.  Therefore, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Rhode Island (Mr. Langevin).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Maine (Ms. Pingree).    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   