 Mr. President, I thank both Senator Thune and Senator  Cantwell for their exchange back and forth. I especially appreciate  Senator Cantwell's work. I grew up an hour and a half away from Lake  Erie and saw, in the 1960s, what that lake looked like. For 10 years, I  lived in a home near Lake Erie, and I saw the improvements we made.  This bill, unfortunately, with that amendment sets us back.   We need to keep invasive species out of Lake Erie, and we need to  pass a Coast Guard bill. There is no reason we can't do both. I want to  speak to that in a moment.   First, I want to speak on how vital Lake Erie is to my State. Fifty  percent of the fish in all the Great Lakes consider Lake Erie their  habitat. The water is critical to farming, clean energy development,  industry, and regional economic competitiveness. From tourism in  Catawba and Put-in-Bay, to fishing in Marblehead, to vacations and  family reunions at Maumee Bay State Park, Lake Erie benefits our  communities and creates jobs in Ohio.   For more than half a century--I am going back to when I was a kid in  the 1960s and saw what Lake Erie looked like--keeping our lake healthy  has been a constant struggle. Where I lived on Lake Erie, the lake was  about 50 to 60 feet deep. Moving west toward Toledo, the lake is about  30 feet deep. Contrast that with Lake Superior, which is 600 feet deep,  and you can see the challenge of keeping Lake Erie clean, and you can  see the vulnerability of that lake. That is the reason for the algal  blooms. That is the reason that Lake Erie has had the most difficult  issues facing its aquatic life. Runoff that causes harmful algal blooms  and invasive species are threats we battle every year.   That is why Senator Portman and I came to this floor and fought back  against the President's budget 2 years in a row when the President was  going to cut close to $300 million from the Great Lakes Initiative. Two  years in a row, Senator Portman and I fought back against it because we  know that cleaning up Lake Erie is something we did in the sixties, but  keeping Lake Erie clean is something we do in the seventies, eighties,  nineties, into this century, and into this millennium.   The Great Lakes are home to more than 185 non-native species. By some  estimates, invasive species cause $5 billion in damages to the Great  Lakes every single year. A provision that would make our fight against  invasive species harder has been added to the bill to reauthorize our  Coast Guard. That is why I voted no earlier today.   As much as I want Coast Guard reauthorization, my first  responsibility, other than looking out for working families in Ohio  every day, is to keep the greatest natural resource in the country  clean--my part of the Great Lakes, Lake Erie, the part that borders  Ohio.   This provision would make it easier for invasive species to enter our  lakes, harm our drinking water, and threaten local jobs that depend on  boating and fishing. Every year, I meet with the Lake Erie sea  captains, boat captains. They talk about the beauty of the lake and the  importance of the lake to their businesses and to all of us in Northern  Ohio. This provision doesn't belong in the Coast Guard bill. The Senate  did the right thing by blocking it.   Again I say I strongly support the Coast Guard reauthorization. I  want to see it passed. I agree with Senator Thune. I want it to be law.  That is why it is critical that this provision be removed from the bill  so Congress can move forward with supporting our Coast Guard without  threatening the Great Lakes. Members of the Coast Guard surely think  the same thing.   This provision would eliminate the ability of Great Lakes States,  such as Ohio, to set separate water quality standards to keep out  invasive species. Tankers and cargo ships carry something called  ballast water with them to help with stability and smooth sailing.  [[Page S2252]]  When they load on more cargo, they let out some of the water, and it  flows out into whatever body of water they happen to be in at that  time.   Think about these ships. In some sense, they are luxury liners for  invasive species. They might be picked up off the coast of Japan. They  might be picked up in the Indian Ocean. They might be picked up in the  South Atlantic Ocean. They end up coming down the Saint Lawrence Seaway  carrying this water with invasive species from around the world, and  they release them into Lake Erie or into Lake Ontario or Lake Michigan  or Lake Superior or Lake Huron.   It may not sound like a big deal if a ship takes on water with zebra  mussels in the Caspian Sea off the coast of Russia and lets them out in  Lake Erie, but those little mussels do major damage to our lakes and  our economy. Local governments and taxpayers end up paying the price.  This affects the beauty of Lake Erie and the cleanliness of its water.  That is so important. It affects the economy because it costs local  taxpayers money to clean up from these invasive species. They clog up  water intake pipes. They spike costs for local ratepayers. They make  toxic algal blooms worse. When drinking water gets contaminated, the  local water utility has to clean it up, and they pass on the cost. The  fishing and tourism industries rely on Lake Erie and feel that pain.   As I said, I remember how polluted Lake Erie looked when I was  growing up. The Great Lakes Restoration Initiative has made a real  difference. We have made real progress cleaning up the lake's  tributaries, from the Black River, to the Cuyahoga River, to the  Ashtabula River, to the Grand River, to the Maumee River, the largest  tributary feeding into any of the Great Lakes, draining 4 million acres  west and south of Toledo. It has been a bipartisan success story.   The Great Lakes region contains 84 percent of North America's surface  freshwater and provides drinking water to tens of millions of  Americans. It generates billions in economic activity. Why would we  risk that? Why would we risk that by voting for this bill? That is why  Senator Cantwell was right. We need to pass a Coast Guard bill. We need  to keep invasive species out of Lake Erie. We can do both by stripping  this provision from the bill right away and move it forward and pass  it.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Rhode Island for  his leadership and his outspokenness--how he has shown the importance  of the Senate actually doing its job on both climate change and  campaign finance and how much they are related to each other because of  the stranglehold the oil industry has on the Republican Party and the  hundreds of millions of dollars they spend. Senator Whitehouse has been  on this floor well over 100 times to talk about that. The country  certainly listens, and the country is, certainly, in the same place he  is and a lot of us are. Unfortunately, the special interest groups in  this town continue to control this Senate.    Mr. President, I am disappointed that we can't confirm the  Ex-Im nominees today. I know many other Senators want to resolve this  situation.   I will continue to push to reopen the Ex-Im Bank.   We were willing--the majority of the Banking Committee was willing to  flip and put Mr. Garrett as one of the members, one of the four  members, and make Mr. Bachus, another former House Member, who is  qualified and is a supporter of the Ex-Im Bank Chairman. We were  willing to have Scott Garrett on this Board but not as Chairman because  the Chairman sets the agenda. Mr. Garrett would not, when questioned by  Senator Heitkamp, who asked him tough questions, would not commit to  the committee that he wasn't out to destroy and undermine the Bank. We  were willing to put Mr. Garrett there, just not in the Chairman's  position. It is clear Mr. Garrett, on behalf of the Vice President and  a small number of Members of this body, want to undermine and destroy  the Ex-Im Bank. There is no question about that.    Mr. President, I reserve the right to object.   Mr. President, how does it make sense to confirm an inspector general  for an agency that really isn't an agency that is actually in operation  doing its best? So we are not going to appoint the members of the  Board. We will have zero Board members. They will not be able to  conduct the quality and the quantity of business that they used to, and  that they could if we had no objection to the motion earlier, and then  we are going to have an inspector general to watch over them? That  simply doesn't make sense.   I object.   