 Mr. President, last night I came to the floor to talk  about legislation we are debating in the Senate this week that has to  do with combating human trafficking, an issue that every Senator in the  Chamber cares about. Last night, I talked about some of the women and  children who have been exploited online, their stories--some of the  heartbreaking stories.   This opportunity we have before us is to pass legislation that  addresses that very directly because we are seeing in this country, in  this century, unbelievably, an increase in trafficking right now. The  experts all say it is for one primary reason; that is, because the  trafficking is moved online.   The ruthless efficiency of the internet, the dark side of the  internet--Mr. President, you have been involved with this issue in our  committee. As you know, we spent a couple of years coming to this  point, an 18-month investigation of what is happening online, why it is  happening, and then coming up with a legislative solution. The reports  of human trafficking to one of the major anti-trafficking groups in the  country, called Polaris, through their hotline and through their text  line, have increased 842 percent over the past 10 years. This is  consistent across the board in talking to other experts. There is this  increase. When they look at it, where they see it is happening is  online. Victims have told me, have told you and other Members, this has  now moved from the street to the smartphone, from the street corner to  the internet.   According to National Center for Missing and Exploited Children,  nearly 75 percent of the child trafficking reports it receives from the  public involve one single website; that is, backpage. That is why we  spend a lot of time looking into backpage, why this was happening, and  how we could address it.   According to Shared Hope International--another advocacy group--the  number is even higher than 75 percent. We researched this through a  process that many in this body were involved with. Claire McCaskill was  the ranking member of the Permanent Subcommittee On Investigations. We  investigated that. I see she is on the floor now. She and I, along with  our subcommittee, along with you, Mr. President, and other members of  the full committee, looked into this issue. What we found was even more  shocking than we expected. We knew people were being trafficked online  by this website. We knew they had to be complicit with some of this.  What we didn't know was they were actually taking ads and altering the  ads, editing the ads to try to hide the fact that people were selling  underaged girls online. As they put it, they were cleaning the ads for  illegal transactions and then covering up the evidence of these crimes  in order to increase their profits.   Last night, I talked about three brave mothers who shared the tragic  stories of their daughters who were exploited and sold for sex on  backpage.com. Their daughters were between the ages of 14 and 16 when  they were trafficked. Kubiiki Pride was one of the women we talked  about. She is also part of a documentary called ``I am Jane Doe.'' It  tells the stories of her family and other families. It is a powerful,  powerful presentation, and it is powerful in that you can feel their  frustration, feel their pain. It is not easy to see, but it is  important to see, and I recommend it. You can go on Netflix and find  ``I am Jane Doe.''   Unfortunately, for those mothers and countless others, backpage has  gotten away with this. It is not because people haven't tried to sue  them, prosecutors haven't tried to go after them; it is because the  courts have consistently said they are shielded from prosecution, they  are shielded from these lawsuits. They are shielded by a Federal law,  one we passed in this Chamber 21 years ago.  [[Page S1828]]  It is called the Communications Decency Act. It was a well-intended  law. In 1996, the focus was, when the internet was in its infancy,  trying to ensure there could be freedom of the internet.   Ironically, part of the original intention of the Communications  Decency Act was to protect children from indecent material on the  internet by letting websites remove and block some of that explicit  material. Now that same law is being used as a shield by online sex  traffickers who promote and engage in this with immunity. This Federal  law is being used by websites to get away with something that would be  illegal, criminal if they were to do it on the street corner.   Congress did not intend this broad immunity, but numerous courts  across the country have made it clear their hands are tied because of  the illegal precedents that have been set the way the courts have  interpreted this law. As the lawmaking branch of the Federal  Government, it is up to us to fix this injustice. No one else can do  it.   One of the Federal courts said this cannot be fixed by litigation; it  has to be fixed by legislation. That is why America's district  attorneys, 50 of the State attorneys general in this country, judges  all over the country, and many others have called on Congress to amend  the Communications Decency Act and fix this injustice.   In one of the most direct calls for congressional action yet, in  August of last year, a Sacramento judge cited the broad Communications  Decency Act in dismissing pimping charges against backpage.com. The  court opinion stated: ``If and until Congress sees fit to amend the  immunity law, the broad reach of Section 230 of the Communications  Decency Act even applies to those alleged to support the exploitation  of others by human trafficking.''   This judge issued an invitation to Congress to act. Others have as  well. Websites that knowingly sell vulnerable women and children for  sex are profiting and getting away with sex trafficking because of a  Federal law. It is up to Congress to do the right thing, to fix this  loophole. That is why my coauthor, Richard Blumenthal, who is on the  floor this evening, and I introduced the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers  Act, or SESTA, alongside a bipartisan group of four other original  cosponsors: Senator John McCain, Senator Claire McCaskill, Senator John  Cornyn, and Senator Heidi Heitkamp. Soon, others joined us. In that  first day, we had 24 cosponsors, bipartisan. Soon, we had a majority of  Republicans and majority of Democrats cosponsoring this legislation. I  want to thank those five original cosponsors because they helped us put  together legislation that was targeted, focused, and actually fixes the  problem.   SESTA will provide justice for victims of online sex trafficking and  hold accountable the websites that knowingly facilitate these crimes by  making two very narrowly focused changes to Federal law. First, it  allows victims to get the justice they deserve by removing the  Communications Decency Act's broad liability protections for a narrow  set of bad actors, specifically for websites that knowingly facilitate  sex trafficking crimes. Second, it will allow State prosecutors and  State attorneys general to prosecute these websites that violate  Federal trafficking laws.   SESTA says if you are violating sex trafficking laws and you are  doing it knowingly, you are facilitating it, then you have to be held  to account. That is common sense. This bill includes legislation from  the House side that creates new criminal penalties. It creates a new  Federal crime for websites that have the intent to promote or  facilitate illegal prostitution.   All of these changes will help to hold bad actors accountable while  doing nothing to impair the free internet. In fact, SESTA will protect  websites that do not actively and knowingly engage in online sex  trafficking. We do that by preserving the Communications Decency Act's  Good Samaritan provision, which protects good actors who proactively  block, and screen for, offensive material, thus shielding them from  frivolous lawsuits.   SESTA's fair, commonsense approach is why this bill has an  extraordinary coalition of support. National law enforcement  organizations, including the Fraternal Order of Police, faith-based  groups, the civil rights community, major businesses, even including a  number of tech companies, support this legislation. Most importantly,  anti-trafficking advocates and trafficking survivors are the ones who  support SESTA. They are the ones we listened to when we drafted this  legislation. They are the folks back in Ohio, back in Connecticut--back  in our States--who came to us and talked to us about this issue. They  are the ones we not just listened to but actually worked with to help  draft something that would work to close this loophole.   This bill makes all the sense in the world, and it will do its part  in helping to close this gap, in helping to deal, in this century, in  this country with the amazing ability that people have to exploit  someone online criminally and not be held liable.   I thank Leader Mitch McConnell for his leadership, for his commitment  to combat sex trafficking, and for putting this bill on the floor for a  vote.   I thank Senator John Thune, who chairs the Commerce, Science, and  Transportation Committee, and Bill Nelson, who is the ranking member.  They held a hearing on this bill and marked it up, and it addressed  some of the concerns that had been expressed by the tech community.   Here in the Senate, we now have over 60 cosponsors. This has not been  an issue of politics or partisanship. It has been an issue of the  heart. It is about preventing exploitation. It is about providing  justice. There are some in this Chamber who will want to change this  legislation over the next couple of days as we debate it.   I have a great deal of respect for my colleague from Oregon, Senator  Ron Wyden. I talked about him last night on the floor. I talked about  the work he has done to combat human trafficking. I talked about the  legislation I did with him to provide better data for sex trafficking,  which was his legislation. He was also a leader in passing the  Communications Decency Act, which we are amending through this  legislation. I understand he is passionate about that bill that passed  21 years ago.   We took a very targeted approach here, which is why the Internet  Association, which represents much of the tech community--not all but  much of it--actually endorses our efforts. This is the Senate's  immediate opportunity to help stop online sex trafficking while  protecting a free and open internet. It is the right balance. It has  already passed the House of Representatives. The White House has shown  a commitment to it and is willing to sign the legislation. Now it is  the Senate's turn to act.   So let me tell you where I stand. I stand with law enforcement  officials all around the country and with prosecutors all around the  country who have asked us to pass this legislation to give them the  tools they need to stop this exploitation. I stand with Kubiiki Pride,  whom I talked about earlier, Nacole S., Yvonne Ambrose, and the mothers  across the country who have had their children exploited at the hands  of online sex traffickers. I stand with the young women and children I  have met in Dayton and Columbus and Akron and Toledo and Cincinnati and  Cleveland--all over Ohio--who are sex trafficking survivors, who are  victims who want justice.   I know that, together, we will all stand on the right side of history  when the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act is voted on, has passed this  Chamber, and eventually becomes law so as to immediately help provide  justice for these victims. Justice cannot be seen, but its absence is  felt. Those who have been trafficked online, who see the websites that  have knowingly facilitated in this prosper and escape legal  consequences, are the ones who have experienced real injustice. They  have felt that injustice. We can right this wrong. Let's pass the Stop  Enabling Sex Traffickers Act to provide these victims the justice they  deserve.   I notice again, as I mentioned earlier, the coauthor of this  legislation--my colleague--is on the floor. He is a former Federal  prosecutor. He has dealt with these issues both as a prosecutor and as  a legislator. We are the cochairs and cofounders of the Caucus to End  Human Trafficking, which we started 6 or 7 years ago. I thank him for  his work on this important legislation.   I yield my time to Senator Blumenthal.  [[Page S1829]]     Mr. President, I know there are other Members who are  interested in speaking.   Let me just say, Senator Blumenthal's role as a prosecutor has  informed him; therefore, the legislation is better for it.   We just heard what Senator Blumenthal said. He understands this bill  inside and out and the fact that there are well-meaning amendments that  are being offered that would derail this legislation, which is  something we want to avoid. We want to get this to the President's desk  for his signature and begin to save people.   I notice my other colleague, Senator McCaskill, whom I mentioned  earlier a couple of times, is on the floor. She was the ranking  Democrat on the subcommittee that investigated this issue of looking at  the websites and that came up with not just how it was happening and  why it was happening but a legislative response.   I yield a few minutes to Senator McCaskill.    Yes.    I thank Senator McCaskill, Senator Blumenthal, and the  other Members who came to speak. We will continue this dialogue  tomorrow on the floor before passage.   I yield back.   