 Madam President, I begin by thanking Senator Tillis for  his leadership on this issue. I also thank him for bringing this to the  Senate floor so we can have this discussion, so we can bring to the  forefront this issue and try to solve it.   I also thank and acknowledge the leadership of the majority whip in  his efforts. I know being here today, the opportunity to have this  discussion, is based on his efforts and his concern for this very issue  also.   Let me begin by saying nobody wants to see children separated from  their families--period. I don't think there is anybody in this Chamber  who enjoys or does want to see that occur. So that is why I am joining  my colleagues to call up and pass the Keep Families Together and  Enforce the Law Act.   While America is a nation of laws, we are also a nation with heart,  and Nevadans have a lot of heart. I heard from over 3,500 of my  constituents from across the State sharing their concerns about these  families being separated. My constituents spoke to families split apart  at the border, and some were held in southern Nevada, and they were,  frankly, asking for help. So their being unified with their children is  a top priority.   As my colleagues probably know, I am a father, and I am also a  grandfather. I understand why parents want to be and should be with  their children. There is nothing more important than keeping a family  unit together.   Now I, like many of my colleagues who are on the floor today, support  border security as part of any type of immigration reform, but I also  strongly believe our country has a rich history because we have always  been a nation of immigrants. Our culture is rich because so many  families have come to the land of opportunity seeking a better life.   In fact, in my Washington, DC, office, I have two staffers who are  naturalized citizens, who came here as children with their families  seeking better opportunities. These individuals who immigrated to our  country came from parents who worked hard to provide their children  with opportunities. We are, after all, the land of opportunity.   While we are just, we are also fair. The Keep Families Together and  Enforce the Law Act ensures that families will not be separated at the  border. Specifically, the legislation allows the Department of Homeland  Security to keep accompanied children under the age of 18 with their  families in residential centers.   It also would prioritize family immigration cases and would add 225  new immigration judges to expedite proceedings for families who have  been apprehended at the border.   In addition to keeping children and their parents together, the  legislation ensures that any family who has been separated will be  reunified.   Unlike other proposals--which I believe risk making our current  immigration problem worse--this legislation actually solves the problem  by keeping families together, while also ensuring the integrity of our  immigration laws.   I look forward to this bill being signed into law to make permanent  the policy of keeping families together and reunifying these families,  while still ensuring that our immigration laws are enforced.   I yield the floor.   