 Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I also rise to speak about our Federal  workforce.   In Virginia, there are about 170,000 Virginians who are Federal  employees. The density of Federal employees in our State is  significant. I follow the comments of my colleague from Washington.  They do all kinds of very important work. I think about the nurses at  the Wounded Warrior hospital at Fort Belvoir, who are DOD civilian  Federal employees. I think about folks who work in the Appalachian  Regional Commission trying to help the Appalachian part of our State  find economic strategies to move ahead. And there are so many others. I  rise on their behalf to speak with significant concern about what the  administration is doing.   The Executive orders the President issued are part of a concerted  effort to go after Federal employees, the majority of whom are hard- working individuals driven by the pursuit of public service.   Under this administration, before these Executive orders, the  workforce had already been subject to hiring freezes, proposed pay  freezes, and cuts in their retirement. These additional Executive  orders severely restrict or eliminate longstanding workplace rights and  perpetuate less-than-optimal working conditions. They are being hastily  implemented by managers across executive branch agencies, many of whom  are political appointees who don't have history or expertise in working  with particular agencies. Existing collective bargaining agreements are  being torn up or ignored without good-faith negotiations.   Let me talk about the implications for hundreds of thousands of  Federal employees.   First, under the Executive order of the administration--and this may  be the one I am most concerned about--it will be easier to fire  employees without due process, which leaves employees open to  retaliation for personal or political reasons.   We have seen not just the administration but the President himself  fire notable Federal employees--the FBI Director, for example, and  others--and call others into question and challenge them publicly, in  public settings, for just doing their jobs. What most incites the  President to try to attack these Federal employees is if they take any  position that he views as disloyal to him. If they are doing an  investigation into ethical violations or other improprieties, then he  goes after them and even fires them.   Leaving employees open to being fired because the political leader  doesn't think they are loyal enough is not the system we should have or  allow. Making it easier to fire employees without due process--we have  seen how the President can use these authorities, and I don't think we  want to expand them.   The orders also severely eliminate collective bargaining between  agencies and employees. These agreements are relied on to ensure that  employees have fair representation in the workplace, and now they are  often being replaced with take-it-or-leave-it guidelines crafted by  political appointees who may not understand an agency's mission.   I will conclude and tell you what I am hearing from Virginia. We have  already heard firsthand accounts just since May 25 from Virginia and  other agencies about the effect of these Executive orders.   We have a Social Security Administration office in Falls Church. The  Social Security Administration is a pretty important agency because  people who rely on Social Security deeply need it. The agency deals  with all kinds of issues, from the processing of Social Security checks  to determinations about Social Security disability benefits.   At the SSA office in Falls Church, VA, the agency notified union  representatives that they are not allowed to use office space,  computers, or email--not even on personal devices or personal time--to  discuss personnel matters with employees. What kind of manager of  employees would prohibit discussion of employment matters in the  workplace or even on personal time or personal devices? What that means  is that union officials, who are subject to valid and protected  collective bargaining agreements, have to do all their representational  work at home in order to honor their members' rights, which are  guaranteed by law to be represented.   The HHS headquarters, where many Virginians are employed, is using  Executive orders to say that they don't need to bargain with unions  over grievance procedures, transit subsidies, and telework. At the HHS,  the agency recently sat down at the table for a discussion but then  only allowed the discussion to occur for a few hours before  unilaterally getting up, walking out, and declaring that it was over.   We should have strategies and policies that encourage cooperation  between management and employees, not pit them against one another, as  this administration is currently doing.   With that, Mr. President, I speak on behalf of all of these good  people in Virginia, particularly to raise the concern about weakening  protections so employees can get fired without any kind of due process.  I think that leaves them open to retaliation, firing for political  reasons--other than the merits of the work--and I rise to speak against  it.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   