 Mr. President, NASA is a science agency. Its mission is  to advance science, technology, aeronautics, and space exploration and  enhance knowledge, education, innovation, economic vitality, and  stewardship of the mission. That is the mission. That is why past NASA  Administrators have been accomplished leaders in the fields of  government, aviation, and science.   The NASA Administrator in President Obama's administration was  Charles Bolden. He has a master of science degree. He was an astronaut  and commanding general in the U.S. Air Force. President George W. Bush  had two Administrators during his Presidency. Michael Griffin was a  physicist and aerospace engineer who helped to design missile defense  technology satellites early in his career. Sean O'Keefe was an engineer  in the Navy who worked on nuclear submarines. Before leading NASA, he  served as Deputy Director of OMB, Secretary of the Navy, and  Comptroller for the Department of Defense. Daniel Golden was a  mechanical engineer who previously had been a vice president at a space  and technology company. He was nominated by President George H.W. Bush  and also served under Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush.  Richard Truly served as vice admiral in the Navy before he became the  first former astronaut to head the space agency under George H.W. Bush.   The reason we are having a robust debate about Mr. James Bridenstine  to lead NASA is that this is the first time in history we have someone  without similar qualifications to run such an important agency.    Jim Bridenstine, the nominee we are considering, served as a Navy  pilot, and I thank him for his service, but that does not qualify him  to run NASA. Just because you know how to fly a plane does not mean you  have the skills and experience to lead the Federal Government's space  agency.   I am not alone in that opinion. A NASA consultant wrote that Mr.  Bridenstine does not have ``significant knowledge and experience with  how NASA works'' or ``deep technical knowledge in aerospace systems.''   There are a lot of things a NASA Administrator has to do. Most of it  is governed by law, and I expect anybody who is confirmed will follow  the law, but the most solemn and serious responsibility that the NASA  Administrator has is final launch authority. A launch is a culmination  of work by thousands of people over many years. If something goes  wrong, we could lose a payload that is worth millions of dollars or is,  in fact, irreplaceable. People could die. That is why this job requires  someone with good judgment and an understanding of all of the elements  that go into a space launch. That is why we have always had NASA  administrators who have demonstrable expertise in these fields. It is  downright dangerous to have someone without this expertise with this  kind of authority. Frankly, it is even more frightening to have a  leader who has made a career out of ignoring scientific expertise.   James Bridenstine is a climate denier with no scientific background  who has made a career out of ignoring science. Now I also don't have a  scientific background, but I defer to scientists. I rely on the  scientific consensus, and the scientific consensus is not what Mr.  Bridenstine says, which is that it is sort of difficult to tell how  much climate change is attributable to human activity. The scientific  consensus is that climate change is caused primarily by human activity,  and  Jim Bridenstine doesn't say that is true, and that is terrifying.  Forget our views for the moment about what kind of energy picture we  think America should pursue. This is about whether you are going to  rely upon people who actually know things or you are going to rely upon  your own politics and ideology. When you have final launch authority,  you better rely on science.   During his confirmation hearing, Mr. Bridenstine testified that he  did not know about the scientific consensus on climate change. He  suggested there were other contributing factors that played more of a  role, but the fact is this. Almost every climate scientist--97 percent  of all climate scientists, to be exact--have concluded that humans are  the primary cause of climate change. So there are two explanations for  his answer. Either Mr. Bridenstine has not bothered to read up on the  scientific consensus on the most pressing scientific issue of our  generation or he does not agree with that scientific consensus. Either  explanation makes him unqualified to run NASA.   I want to end by reading a few quotes from one of my Republican  colleagues. My colleague said that NASA is ``the one federal mission  which has largely been free of politics, and it's at a critical  juncture in its history.'' He also said any NASA Administrator would  need to have the ``respect of the people who work there from a  leadership and even a scientific perspective.'' He also said Mr.  Bridenstine would add to the politicization of NASA and that NASA, at  this critical stage in its history, can't afford that.   I agree with my Republican colleague. I urge every Member of the  Senate to give NASA the leader it needs and to vote no on this  confirmation.   I yield the floor.   