 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Illinois for  yielding me this time, and I also want to thank her so much for her  diligence, her efforts, and her sincerity in trying to make this issue  and this bill, and many bills on this issue, as good as possible.   Although we may disagree on the final version of this bill, again, it  is my sincere wish that we will continue to work together as this issue  will never go away because nutrition and the understanding of that for  every American is paramount for our individual health and for  communities as a whole.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 772, the Common Sense  Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2017. I am proud to colead this bill with  my colleague, Congresswoman McMorris Rodgers. Americans increasingly  realize the importance of having access to accurate nutritional  information about the food we eat, and we need to make sure that  businesses are providing this information.   However, no two food establishments, convenience stores, or grocery  stores are identical, and the government  [[Page H820]]  should take that into account as we implement guidelines on making  nutritional information available.   As a former small-business owner myself, I know the costs and  challenges associated with regulatory compliance. Not all businesses  can afford a legal department to help them stay within the rules,  despite their best intentions. This legislation would help businesses  help consumers be smart about what they are eating.   The FDA's 2014 rule on nutrition disclosures is set to take effect in  May of this year, though some issues remain unresolved. This bill will  give FDA the authority to fix these issues and hold businesses to tough  standards they can and shall meet.   Right now, the FDA rule exempts small businesses, but not those that  sell to large suppliers. Those small businesses would have to undertake  expensive nutritional analysis in order to comply with the law, even if  they don't have the resources.   Another example is, right now, the FDA rule would require delivery  restaurants to post nutritional information in their brick-and-mortar  establishment instead of online, even though nobody would see it,  especially those who go online to order their food. This bill fixes  that.   Finally, this bill reins in out-of-proportion penalties in the  current rule that would have severe, unintended consequences. No one  should have to worry about losing their business if they mistakenly  make sandwiches with too much meat or cheese.   Importantly, this bill makes sure the FDA is still able to enforce  the law in situations in which businesses are misleading their  customers. This bill doesn't include a time delay, meaning the FDA  would be able to implement the nutrition disclosure rules sooner than  later.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill to help the  businesses in districts like mine to help our constituents eat  healthier.   