 Mr. President, the government funding bill that passed  on Monday left us--all of us--with 3 weeks to come to a resolution on  legislation to protect the Dreamers. At the same time, we must work on  legislation to improve American healthcare--I see the Senator from  Washington State, who has been so vigilant in that area--and a budget  agreement that supports our military and our middle class, delivering  long-awaited funds--we Democrats will insist on these--for the opioid  epidemic, veterans' healthcare, and pensions. We should feel an urgency  about all of these issues and many more that we can make happen.   Leader McConnell's promise to take up immigration on February 8  should light a fire under everyone. The Republican leader and moderate  Republicans bear a special responsibility to make sure these votes  happen. All of those in the country who want to make sure the Dreamers  get treated fairly should be focusing their attention on getting 60  votes on a resolution that is fair to the Dreamers.   The clock is ticking. If we don't solve this problem in 14 days, the  Republicans are going to have to explain to Dreamers what their plan is  to prevent them from being deported. When those horrible pictures of  deportation occur--God forbid that they do, but if they do, it will  clearly be on the delay, the obfuscation, and the lack of humanity that  too many of our Republican colleagues are showing in this regard.   Every Democrat--all 49 of us--supports DACA. Many of my Republican  colleagues do as well. We certainly can find a bill that gets 60 votes  in the Senate, and that is where our focus is. I had a very good  meeting with the Hispanic groups yesterday. Some of us had  disagreements about what happened a few days before, but it was an  amiable and fine meeting, and we all agreed that we were going to focus  on getting the 60 votes. I hope people throughout the country of both  parties, of all political persuasions--business, labor--will join us  like a laser in appealing to and imploring more Republican Senators to  join us so that we get 60 votes on a fair DACA bill.   We cannot let those who are anti-immigrant, who call giving the  Dreamers hope ``amnesty,'' block us because then we will fail, and it  will be on the other side of the aisle that made that happen.   Over the weekend--and I am very glad about this--a bipartisan group  of moderate Senators from both parties came together in a very  inspiring way. Their efforts led to the agreement between the majority  leader and me that an immigration bill will receive fair  [[Page S482]]  consideration in a few weeks. That is the first time we have ever heard  that guarantee.   The same energy and spirit that the bipartisan group put into forging  a compromise this weekend ought to be committed to finding a bill on  DACA that will pass this body with 60 votes.   I support the bipartisan group. In fact, as some of our Members on  the Democratic side had plans for it, I encourage them to join it and  form it. I have had very good conversations with both leaders--Senator  Manchin, a Democrat; Senator Collins, a Republican--and what they are  doing is very good for the body. Speaking as Democratic leader, I  encourage these kinds of groups to come forward.   I remember the old Senate. I remember that individual Senators were  involved in negotiating very important and very difficult issues. It  made the Senate a better place, it made the Members feel more  fulfilled, and it made our ability to get things done much, much more  likely.   Our task is different from the task last week. The Senate must find  consensus. For that reason, we need to start from a new place. My  negotiations with the President shouldn't dictate talks here on the  Hill. That was then; this is now. It was a hope that last Friday the  President would have reached out and supported something, that he  wanted to get something that we wanted and he proclaimed to want too.  It didn't happen. Now the group has to start in a new way, with no  preconceptions, and come together and find a bill that can garner 60  votes. That is a job for these Senators who came together so well in  the last few days.   Protecting the Dreamers is our moral obligation. The Senate is now in  the spotlight. The eyes of the American people, who overwhelmingly  sympathize with the Dreamers--90 percent, a majority of Republicans-- believe in these Dreamers. They don't go for these calls of amnesty.  These people have worked hard. They have been trying so hard to be  Americans. They came across the border when they were little, and now  they are in our Armed Forces, they are in our factories, they are in  our schools, and they are in our offices. To say that allowing them to  become Americans is amnesty is nasty--nasty.   Protecting the Dreamers is our moral obligation. The Senate is in the  spotlight. The eyes of the American people, who sympathize with the  Dreamers--the vast majority of Republicans, as well as Democrats,  sympathize with Dreamers, and all of their eyes are on us. We need to  get the job done.   