 Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my  colleagues, as you have heard just a moment ago, in support of H. Con.  Res. 119, which sends a strong message that a carbon tax would be  devastating to the economy of the United States, and especially to my  district in West Virginia.    I am so proud to cosponsor this resolution, along with the leadership  of Majority Whip Scalise, and thank him for his strong and powerful  work on this important issue.   West Virginia is a coal State, unapologetic. Our coal miners and coal  communities suffered greatly under the prior administration of Barack  Obama and that administration's anti-coal policies.   But now, thanks to President Trump, West Virginia has hope for a  better future. West Virginia is the second largest producer of coal in  the country. Between January and March of this year, mines in southern  West Virginia produced more than 12 million short tons of coal, a  signal that the President's policies are having a positive impact on  the people of my State.   When miners are put to work in West Virginia, the State's economy  flourishes. Check this out: West Virginia's 2017 gross domestic product  growth rate was one of the highest rates in the entire country. What a  game changer for West Virginia. It shows that the President's economic  policies are working for everyday Americans.   A carbon tax would undo many of these good economic results and would  increase expenses for everyday Americans, including increasing power  rates and the cost of groceries. A carbon tax is a bad idea.   Wages could fall as much as 8.5 percent for American workers, and our  manufacturers could see production halted by as much as 15 percent,  stifling our economic recovery. Simply put, a carbon tax is an attack  on the welfare of all Americans, especially on seniors and families on  fixed incomes.   A vote in support of this rule and resolution is a vote supporting  the hardworking men and women of West Virginia and America who make  this country great.   