 Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me tonight  in voting for this important bill to keep our word to the American  people. Keeping our word to our constituents is one of our most  important responsibilities, and the President and those of us who ran  to secure the southern border promised that we would see this wall  built in those parts of the border where it makes sense.    We are relying on the good judgment of our sector chiefs down on the  border to tell us whether a fence makes the most sense or a wall or  perhaps a weir dam in places on the Rio Grande River where you simply  dam up the water. Where the local sector chief believes that is  probably the best way to secure the border, we are going to follow that  recommendation.   But this $5 billion that is set aside in this bill for construction  of border fencing and a wall is consistent with what the full  Appropriations Committee did this summer. We debated this extensively,  Mr. Speaker. We all talked about this. This is not a new number. This  is something that the full committee voted on and approved when the  Appropriations Committee voted the Homeland Security bill out of  committee this summer.   This is consistent with what the committee did. This keeps our word  to our constituents, and we are also keeping our word to those  Americans who suffered as a result of the disasters in California with  the wildfires and the flooding that occurred from the hurricanes.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Frelinghuysen again for his support of  the people of southeast Texas who suffered from Hurricane Harvey. It  was my privilege, as the Representative from District Seven in west  Houston, to help spearhead that recovery package for Hurricane Harvey  that brought together the delegations from Florida and Texas.   Mr. Speaker, we put together, with the chairman's help, the largest  hurricane recovery package in the history of the United States and made  sure that the people who need that money got it as soon as possible.  That is another reason it is so important to pass this bill to make  sure the flood-ravaged people of Florida get the help they need.   Above all, this is about keeping our word to our constituents,  something I have been proud to do in representing the people of west  Houston in District Seven for 18 years.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this  important piece of legislation tonight.   