 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  insert extraneous material on H.R. 5515.    Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 908, I  offer amendments en bloc.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Rohrabacher).    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I don't have any more speakers.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 908, I  offer amendments en bloc.    Mr. Chairman, I currently have no speakers on this en  bloc package, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 908, I  offer amendments en bloc.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 908, I  offer amendments en bloc.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.  [[Page H4716]]    Mr. Chairman, I want to take a moment as we approach the conclusion  of this debate to again express my appreciation to the members of the  Armed Services Committee, to all of the Members of the House who have  contributed to this product, as well as to our staff.   Mr. Chairman, I think many Members do not realize that it requires a  lot of long, hard, late work on the part of the staff to sift through  the 578 amendments that were filed for the Rules Committee in order to  make our floor consideration go as smoothly as it has.   I want to express again, as I have started our general debate, my  appreciation to not only our committee staff, who have been doing this  throughout markup and on to floor consideration, but the Rules  Committee staff and the leadership staff on both sides that have  facilitated this product.   It was a good bill to begin with, but with the assistance of a number  of Members, it has become a better product, and it is certainly a  worthy cause for Members to participate in and to show our support for  the men and women who serve.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Ryan), the distinguished Speaker of the House.   (Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin asked and was given permission to revise and  extend his remarks.)    Mr. Chairman, with appreciation for the kind words,  but especially for the commitment from the Speaker, I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order against the  motion to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I insist on my point of order. I have  been advised that the amendment contains new direct spending.  Therefore, the amendment violates section 302(f) of the Budget Act, and  the CutGo rule.   Therefore, I must insist on my point of order, and I ask for a ruling  from the Chair.  [[Page H4721]]     Mr. Speaker, I move to lay the appeal on the table.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Clerk  be authorized to make technical corrections in the engrossment of H.R.  5515, including corrections in spelling, punctuation, section and title  numbering, cross-referencing, conforming amendments to the table of  contents and short titles, and the insertion of appropriate headings.   