 Mr. President, I will focus, as Senator Markey has and  several of my colleagues before me, on this web of deceit we have been  talking about here today--the Koch brothers' web of dark money,  lobbyists, and infiltration into the Trump administration that truly  threatens our democracy. The influence of their hundreds of millions of  dollars is pervasive, pernicious, and hidden.   I applaud Senator Whitehouse's work that focuses the public's  attention on this threat. Thank you to my colleagues for shining a  spotlight on the murky tentacles of the Koch influence empire here in  Washington, especially its influence on the swamp that is the Trump  administration. We must keep fighting for comprehensive campaign  finance and electoral reform to get dark money like the Koch brothers'  out of our politics.   The Koch family business started in oil, and Koch Industries is still  heavily invested in petroleum and petroleum products. Its subsidiary,  Flint Hills Resources, owns three oil refineries. The Koch Pipeline  Company owns and operates 4,000 miles of pipeline that transports oil,  refined petroleum, and natural gas throughout six States. Koch  Industries is the largest foreign and American leaseholder in Canada's  oil sands, possibly leasing up to 2 million acres.   As well, each year, Koch Industries markets, trades, and manages  logistics for tons of coal and petroleum coke. Koch Industries makes  billions from oil, gas, and coal, and it is no secret it is willing to  spend millions to keep it that way. Two organizations formed through  the Koch brothers' vast wealth are the Institute for Energy Research  and its lobbying arm, the American Energy Alliance. Both Koch-funded  groups are anti-renewable, pro-fossil fuel, and climate change deniers.   The Institute is a 501(c)(3) organization that was formed in 1989  from a predecessor directed by Charles Koch and Robert Bradley, Jr. Mr.  Bradley led public policy for Enron before its scandal and bankruptcy.  He founded the Institute and remains its CEO. He is also affiliated  with the Koch-funded Cato Institute and Competitive Enterprise  Institute.   The Alliance is the Institute's political arm, a 501(c)(4)  organization, founded in 2008. The 501(c)(4)s are political  organizations. They don't have to disclose their donors. They can  engage in all sorts of politicking and lobbying, and they can spend  unlimited amounts of money. The Alliance shares office space and  staff--including a president--with the Institute. Their joint president  is Thomas Pyle, who had previously lobbied for Koch Industries. They  receive funding directly and not so directly from the Koch brothers.  Since 2008, one or the other has received funding from the Charles Koch  Institute, an anti-government group formed from the Charles G. Koch  Charitable Foundation; Freedom Partners, called the Koch brothers'  ``secret'' bank--a 501(c)(6) organization that gives tens of millions  of dollars to extreme causes; the Wellspring Committee, Inc., funded  with the Koch brothers' help; DonorsTrust, a pass-through organization  for the Koch brothers and other ultrawealthy donors trying to hide  contributions; and many other like-minded anti-renewable, pro-fossil  fuel groups that the Koch brothers fund or are tied to.   Between 2010 and 2014, the Institute and Alliance received more than  $5 million in Koch-related funding. The Institute and Alliance are in  the business of discrediting renewable energy, promoting fossil fuels,  and denying climate science under the guise of providing independent  analysis. Their staffs have appeared before State regulatory  commissions giving ``expert'' testimony, claiming that renewable energy  is too expensive and unreliable and that States should not increase  their renewable portfolio requirements and that fossil fuels--even  coal--are more economical.   In 2013, for example, their director of regulatory and State affairs,  Daniel Simmons, claimed in a Michigan regulatory hearing that the  electricity rates of States with renewable requirements are 27 percent  higher than States without a renewable standard. That same year,  Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory found that the incremental rate  of renewable portfolio standards was 2 percent, and a report by the  Michigan Public Service Commission found that the cost of renewable  sources is declining and is cheaper than the new coal-fired generation.   Also in 2013, Mr. Simmons attacked a Federal clean energy standard  bill introduced by my fellow New Mexican, Senator Jeff Bingaman, which  I cosponsored. Mr. Simmons had the audacity to claim that carbon  dioxide emissions from powerplants should not be counted as pollutants,  arguing ``that carbon dioxide itself is not dirty.'' Mr. Simmons'  cynical attack on climate science is frightening.   In 2015, the Alliance called on Congress to eliminate the Department  of Energy's Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy. The  office's mission is to support transitioning to ``a global clean energy  economy,'' something that we know is supported by many, many people.  That year, both Koch brothers' organizations received $3 million from  the web of Koch donors.   Although the Institute and Alliance were fringe, the Trump  administration placed their staff in key energy positions, beginning  with appointing their president to lead the energy transition team.  Before that appointment, Mr. Pyle had sent a fundraising letter touting  the new administration's positions. He predicted the Trump  administration would withdraw from the Paris Agreement, repeal the  Clean Power Plan, move forward with the Keystone XL Pipeline, increase  oil and gas leasing on Federal lands, lift the moratorium on coal  leasing on Federal lands, and turn back protection of our rivers and  streams--among other initiatives. Mr. Pyle's policy predictions have  sadly come to pass.   My home State of New Mexico is right in the bull's-eye of climate  change. Snowpack was at a low point this year. Parts of the Rio Grande  are dry. We have a methane cloud in the Four Corners area the size of  Delaware. Pressing ``stop'' on tackling climate change hurts New  Mexicans.   Meanwhile, Institute/Alliance staff landed three plum positions  within the Department of Energy. Last May, Mr. Simmons, whom we have  already heard about, was actually placed to lead the DOE's Office of  Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy--the same office the  [[Page S2379]]  Alliance advocated to eliminate. Talk about the fox guarding the  chicken coop.   An Institute/Alliance policy analyst, Alex Fitzsimmons, was also  placed in the same office as a senior adviser. He has steadily beat the  Koch brothers' drum against wind and solar energy, writing numerous  articles about their alleged unreliability and high costs. How can he  possibly contribute to the office's mission of transitioning to a clean  energy economy?   Predictably, the President proposed slashing the office's budget for  2018 by 69 percent. Congress did not do his bidding. He now seeks to  cut over 70 percent of its budget in 2019, including fully eliminating  the Weatherization Assistance Program and the State Energy Program.  According to DOE, since 2010, New Mexico has received $10.4 million  from these two programs. These investments resulted in weatherizing  1,300 homes, creating or retaining 340 jobs, training 19,500 New  Mexicans in energy efficiency, and retrofitting 240,000 square feet of  building space. These two programs aid my State in the global battle  against climate change and should not be on the chopping block.   Another Institute/Alliance policy analyst, Travis Fisher, was tapped  by DOE to oversee an evaluation on whether renewables are hurting coal  and nuclear power and increasing grid unreliability. Mr. Fisher had  also authored many pieces on the evils of renewables--even calling  clean energy policies ``the single greatest emerging threat'' to the  power grid. There was wide concern the report would be politically  skewed.   However, a draft of the report, prepared by an independent contractor  and DOE career staff, got out. That draft concluded renewable energy  had not decreased grid reliability. The final report then concluded the  same. Mr. Fisher has since left DOE.   The good news is that the American people continue to support  renewable energy. A Pew Research Center poll found 83 percent of  Americans think expanding renewables is a ``top'' or ``important''  national priority.   Wind and solar are expanding exponentially and their costs have  decreased dramatically. Twenty-nine States, Washington, DC, and three  territories have renewable portfolio standards, and eight States and  one territory have renewable goals.   A clean energy economy is the future, but the Trump administration is  fighting against the tide. Before the Trump administration, the  Institute and Alliance were small fringe organizations promoted by the  Koch brothers' web of secret organizations and veiled allies. They now  sit at the center of our government.   At the bottom of the Koch labyrinth of 501(c)(3)s, 501(c)(4)s,  501(c)(6)s, and their wealth of accomplices is their ability to hide  their contributions and actions from public view. The Supreme Court's  Citizens United decision cloaks these networks under the guise of the  First Amendment. Citizens United has damaged our democracy by allowing  unlimited campaign contributions, PACs, and nonprofit organizations to  secretly influence government decisions at the highest levels.   I have been fighting to overturn Citizens United and for Congress to  enact campaign finance reform for years now. My constitutional  amendment would not only overturn Citizens United but all the previous  bad decisions going back to Buckley v. Valeo. It would end the  misguided belief that spending money to elect politicians is the same  thing as free speech--a belief that gives the Koch brothers a lot more  speech than the average American.   Last fall, I reintroduced the We the People Democracy Reform Act,  which would enact comprehensive electoral reform. The dark influence of  the Koch brothers in this administration only underscores the pressing  need for this legislation to right our democracy and restore integrity,  accountability, and transparency to our political system.   I yield the floor.   