 Thank you, Mr. President.   In the wake of 9/11, Congress took a fresh--I want us to walk back in  time a little bit to how we actually got here today.   In the wake of 9/11, Congress took a fresh look at some of our  Nation's vulnerabilities and realized that our country's chemical  facilities--part of our industry that our Presiding Officer knows a lot  about--realized that our country's chemical facilities could be  potential targets for terrorist attacks. So we created the Chemical  Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program, known as CFATS, to better  protect high-risk chemical facilities from those looking to do us harm.   My recollection is not perfect, but my recollection is that among the  people who were the prime authors of that were, I believe, Senator  Collins from Maine and possibly Senator Lieberman from Connecticut, the  senior Democrat and senior Republican on the Homeland Security  Committee at that time. The program that was created--I believe, and I  hope I am not mistaken, with their guidance and leadership at that  time, roughly 10 years ago--started out with some stumbles out of the  gate, as some of you may recall. The Department of Homeland Security-- then a younger organization--lacked the trust of industry. The program  also lacked a long-term authorization. There was a fair amount of  concern about predictability, and we know how businesses like  predictability and certainty, which is understandable.   In 2014, Senator Coburn and I, the chairman of the committee at the  time--and he was the ranking member--we had what turned out to be a  great partnership on a lot of issues, including this one. We worked  with industry stakeholders, the Department of Homeland Security, their  folks, labor groups, and others in order to provide CFATS with a clear  statutory authorization laying out the roles and responsibilities of  chemical facility owners in securing their sites against attack.   What was first created when CFATS was a brandnew bill becoming a  brandnew law was obviously not perfect. That is why we came back  roughly 5 years later to perfect it. What we did in 2014--I think that  is the right year--what we did then was not perfect  [[Page S7226]]  either. I think he knew that, and I knew that as well.   Having said that, it appears, for the most part, that the  reauthorization that we worked on is working. It is not perfect, but it  is working a whole lot better than what has been replaced. The GAO, for  example, has reported that the Department eliminated the inspections  backlog. We had a very long inspections backlog--huge. We have worked  through that, and the Department has worked through that. I think we  are seeing, over time, improved trust and a sense of cooperation  between the Department and the stakeholders, including those in the  industry.   The authorization that Senator Coburn and I worked on, which was  almost 5 years ago, is set to expire in January. If it does, this  important anti-terrorism program will, most likely, go back to a year- to-year authorization. Industry and labor groups and the Department  deserve, I think, more certainty than that this time.   To his credit, Chairman Ron Johnson and his staff have worked  cooperatively with mine this week to address a number of outstanding  issues with the bill that was reported out of committee. It was one of  those bills that was reported out of the committee--and we have all  been there with, I think, an implicit understanding, a tacit  understanding, that some work would be done on the bill on the way to  the floor. With that in mind, at least this week, there has been an  effort to do that from his staff and, I think, from my staff.   I thank him for his willingness to reinsert the enhancement to  whistleblower protections that our ranking member of the Homeland  Security Committee, Claire McCaskill, and her staff worked hard to try  to enshrine. However, the bill still contains a number of concerning  provisions.   Most importantly, the bill would exempt facilities that store and  manufacture some of the most dangerous materials--chemical explosives-- from regulation under CFATS if they are subject to a separate  regulatory program. This change, as far as I know, has not been studied  adequately, as a number of folks have suggested, and if enacted, it  could expose our communities to significant harm.   Earlier today, I was surprised to receive a copy of a letter that I  hold here from the Secretary of Homeland Security. I think the chairman  alluded to it already. This letter from Secretary Nielsen basically  urges caution in making the kinds of changes that our chairman's bill  would provide. She has urged the House and the Senate to pass a clean  reauthorization of the program in order to ensure that it does not  elapse. So I was surprised to get this today and, I think, anticipating  I would have this opportunity to have a back-and-forth with our  chairman on a unanimous consent request.   I was also surprised to hear this morning that the chairs and the  ranking members of the House's Homeland Security Committee and the  Energy and Commerce Committee--committees that have shared jurisdiction  over the CFATS Program--basically answered the administration's  Secretary of Homeland Security's call by introducing a bipartisan bill  to reauthorize the program for 2 years. Their bill--although, not  perfect--would provide a 2-year extension--not perfect--or a 1-year  extension--not perfect. Their bill would provide industry and  stakeholders with the certainty they need but, maybe, not without some  of the changes that should be made in the program as we know it.   I am trying to remember the name of a Paul Newman movie. Maybe the  chairman can help me. I think it was ``Cool Hand Luke.'' Maybe the  Presiding Officer can help me with the movie Newman was in when he was  captured and was a prisoner and an inmate. He escaped, and he was hard  to catch. Before he escaped, he was always at odds with the warden, who  was a short, stout guy. It was cast in the South, so this guy had a  real southern accent--the warden. They tracked him down. They had dogs,  and they were doing everything they could to track down the character  who was played by Paul Newman.   I see the Presiding Officer smile. He remembers this movie.   They finally captured Paul Newman, and the warden was really happy  that they had their guy. He looked at Paul Newman, and I will never  forget what he said: ``What we've got here is failure to communicate.''  Yet I cannot do justice to his accent.   I think, really, what we have here is a failure to communicate.  Senator Ron Johnson and I get along pretty well, I hope. Until,  actually, today or yesterday, we haven't had the kind of communication  on this issue that we ought to have been having on something this  important. I can object, and he can object to anything I might try to  do with a 1- or a 2-year straight extension, but I think what we really  need to do is kind of like lay down our arms--not literally our arms-- and go back not necessarily to our respective corners but to a  negotiating table and, maybe, even invite some of our House colleagues  and the Department--which, obviously, has a clear interest in doing  this--and some other stakeholders to join us as well.   We are going to be in session. What is today? Today is the 29th of  November. We could be here for a couple more weeks. I think there is  probably time to, maybe, hammer something out. At the end of the day,  if we are not successful in doing that, then we come back out here and  go through all of this machination and object and counter object and so  forth.   I think the folks who care about this and the communities that care  about this--the folks who are in the chemicals business and the folks  who make explosives--as well as the Department, which has jurisdiction,  would like to see us try to work it out. As the chairman knows and as  the Presiding Officer knows, we are working on a number of things  together, and it is always my inclination to try to work things out. I  think there is a win-win here. We just need to work a little harder to,  as we say in Delaware, seize the day. I don't know much Latin, but I do  know ``carpe diem.'' In Delaware, we say ``car-pa dee-um.'' We need to  seize the day before time expires in a couple of weeks. That would be  my thought.   I yield to the chairman for any thoughts that he has. He may want to  pour water on what I just said. I hope not.    I am trying to think of a really quick comeback to this,  but  [[Page S7227]]  my memory fails me. I have a pretty good one from John Kennedy, who  once said to never negotiate out of fear but always be ready to  negotiate. That is the preference--to never negotiate out of fear but  be willing to negotiate.   I would just suggest that we kind of withdraw from what we are trying  to do here in a parliamentary way and get back to negotiating. If, in  the end, we come back here in a week or two, we come back, but I would  like to give it the old college try.    I yield to the Senator.    I welcome your words.   I used to be a House Member. I think we need to respect their views  as well. Obviously, they have some views that need to be taken into  account. This is not something I have discussed with the Secretary. I  don't even know how much she has thought about it, given everything  else that is on her plate. Yet, clearly, she has people who work for  her who have thought about it a lot, and I would very much welcome the  chance to reengage with our chairman, his staff, and our staff but with  some of the other stakeholders we have talked about here being engaged  as well. We need to put some pedal to the metal and get something done.    Mr. President, I was prepared to ask the Senator to  modify his request to the Senate and, instead, take up a bill that I  have introduced that basically reflects what the Secretary has done and  what the House has done and is at the desk.   Help me on this, Mr. President. I think the chairman of the committee  is willing to withdraw his unanimous consent request. I think that is a  good way to go.    I don't get to object to unanimous consent requests every  day. I think I will do that in this case just to see what it feels  like, but do it in the spirit of trying to get something done.    Good. All right. Thank you.   Democracy. What did Churchill say? Democracy is the worst form of  government devised by way of man, except for all the rest. He also said  that you can always count on America to do the right thing in the end,  after trying everything else. Hopefully, in the end, we will get a lot  closer to perfection. So let's give it a shot.   I yield the floor.   