 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the history of the United Auto Workers is  at the heart of what has made the United States a global economic  powerhouse. It is tied to the growth of the thriving manufacturing  sector and the birth of the American middle class.   Dennis Williams, UAW president since 2014, is a strong contributor to  this history. His leadership reflects a deep commitment to American  workers and a clear eye toward the future. Since the union's formation  in 1935, UAW members have stood together to ensure that their hard work  is met with fair wages, safe workplaces, and reasonable hours. For over  80 years, the voice of the UAW has amplified the voice of the American  worker. Dennis Williams is a champion of keeping this voice strong in  the 21st century.   Williams joined UAW Local 806 as a salvage welder in 1977, following  his service in the U.S. Marine Corps. There, he started his long path  of elected union leadership and served as chairman of the Bargaining  Committee. In the coming years, Williams would rise to the positions of  international representative, Region 4 assistant director, and Region 4  director. In 2010, UAW members elected him as secretary-treasurer,  followed by the presidency in 2014.   No matter what position Williams undertook during his decades of UAW  leadership, he always stayed true to his roots. After becoming UAW  president, he prioritized visiting union plants and locals to engage  with members directly. He stated: ``I love the smell of black coffee  and the smoke of the factory and walking up to UAW members and saying,  `brother' or `sister'.''   His passion for everything the UAW stands for, along with his  businesslike approach to tough decisions, enabled Williams to take on  some difficult challenges during his presidency.   Just as Williams started in his role, Michigan--home to around one- third of UAW members--had recently become a so-called right-to-work  State. Michigan is now one of 28 States with policies designed to  undermine union participation and workers' rights to collective  bargaining. Despite tides of State and Federal anti-worker efforts,  Williams remained practical and optimistic about overcoming any  challenges that came the UAW's way. He emphasized the importance of  sitting down and talking through issues rather than resorting to  confrontation.   Williams was steadfast about not giving up on organizing, and he has  actively pursued new approaches to organizing that would keep the UAW  strong in the future. His strategy has definitely paid off. During  Williams' tenure, he successfully fought for the establishment of local  unions at Volkswagen and Mercedes locations in the United States and  for casino workers in Las Vegas. Under Williams' leadership, UAW  membership has increased by almost 7 percent--over 27,000 new members-- between 2014 and 2017. The growth rate and membership over this past  year has been the highest in a 1-year period since 2010.    I am deeply honored by Dennis Williams' representation of over  430,000 UAW members, including tens of thousands of workers in my State  of Michigan. I wish him well in his retirement, along with his wife,  Donna, of 43 years, his sons, Ryan and Matthew, and his grandchildren,  Kendahl and Kai.   I know I speak on behalf of many Michigan workers when I sincerely  thank Dennis Williams for his admirable service as the UAW's 11th  president.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   