 Madam President, midnight is approaching and a government  shutdown is looming in front of us. I would say--as we can tell in this  city--there are not a lot of things Senators will agree on, but I think  there is one thing that just about every Senator I have spoken with  does agree on; that is, we have a budgeting and spending process that  is broken.   In fact, the first bill I introduced in Congress was a bill that  simply said: If Members of Congress can't pass a balanced budget, they  shouldn't get paid. Nobody here likes to see CR after CR. CR stands for  continuing resolution.   Think about it. We have a government that starts its fiscal year  every year on October 1. I spent 28 years in the private sector, and 13  of those years were with Procter & Gamble, a Fortune 500 company. I  spent time in a small family business, and I spent time as part of a  cloud computing startup that grew over 1,000 jobs. We took the company  public. So I have had a lot of experience in budgets, management  spending, and ensuring that you actually take in more money than you  spend because that is all profit in business.   Here in Washington, DC, we are now--October, November, December,  middle of January--we are 3\1/2\ months into the fiscal year without  having nailed down the spending plan. It is broken. That needs to be  reformed.   On a more optimistic note, there is a group of Republican and  Democratic Senators who are having discussions about how to change the  way the budgeting and spending works in Washington, DC, to deliver a  better outcome for the American people.   Here we are at this moment, just hours away from a looming government  shutdown. So whether we are in business or dealing with issues in  personal life, we have a choice to make right here in front of us--a  choice we have to make in less than 7 hours. We can either keep the  Federal Government open and fund health insurance for 24,000 Montana  children--it is about 9 million American children. The idea was, let's  put something in play that ought to be agreeable to both sides-- something pretty clean, not a tax with a bunch of political, divisive  kind of issues. No, we are going to extend the funding of the  government, avoid a government shutdown, and let's permanently  reauthorize, for 6 years, the Children's Health Insurance Program. It  is very popular with the American people. Either we do that or we shut  the government down.   Here is where we are. There will be a lot of folks spinning a lot of  different messages, but let me try to articulate exactly where we are  in as simple terms as possible. The House has passed an agreement to  keep the lights on and to fund Children's Health Insurance. They passed  it. The President has said he will sign that agreement to keep the  lights on and to fund Children's Health Insurance. The House has passed  it, the President says he will sign it, and now it is up to this body.   Will we get 60 Senators--it will take Republicans and Democrats-- because there are only 51 Republican Senators, and the rules of the  Senate require 60. Will we get 60 Senators--a good bipartisan vote--to  keep the lights on and fund Children's Health Insurance? That is the  question. We have less than 7 hours to figure that out.   I implore my Democratic colleagues not to follow their leader, who  insists that DACA and illegal immigration get fixed today, in the next  7 hours. We all know illegal immigration is a very important issue for  our Nation. It has to be addressed. We must secure our borders, and we  must resolve this issue, but let's keep it all in perspective.   In my home State of Montana, there are less than 100 DACA residents  versus 1 million Montanans who would be hurt by a government shutdown.  A shutdown hurts our men and women who wear the uniform. To say it  another way, the choice is between 100 DACA recipients--less than 100  in Montana--or the 24,000 children who depend on the Children's Health  Insurance Program.    Don't let these issues get confused by smoke and mirrors. That is the  fundamental issue right now that Chuck Schumer and the leaders of our  friends across the aisle are talking about shutting down the government  over.   The right thing to do here is to vote yes today. Let's continue to  fund the government while we work to address these issues related to  illegal immigration and border security.   Senator Lankford was here earlier. There are good bipartisan  discussions going on as we speak. These are difficult issues to get  sorted out. They are divisive issues, but I think there is a path  forward. To me, to say they have to get resolved tonight or shut down  the government is the wrong position to take.  [[Page S341]]    A shutdown means no long-term certainty for Montana's children. A  shutdown hurts our military. A shutdown hurts our veterans.   I don't like another CR. I would rather not have another CR. But  guess what. You get paid to come here and make a choice. Sometimes it  is between two options; neither one is very appealing. I don't like the  idea of having another CR. It is just an example of a broken budgeting  process. But the choice is that either we buy some more time to resolve  these issues of illegal immigration or we shut down the government,  harming our military, our veterans, our seniors, and compromising  national security. I believe a government shutdown is a mistake.   