 Mr. Chair, to affirm what the chairman already knows, I  have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amendment No.  46 printed in part A of House Report 115-650 be modified by the form I  have placed at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this bipartisan,  bicameral amendment, offered with my colleague on the Aviation  Subcommittee, Mr. Woodall, and spearheaded in the Senate by former  military pilot, mother, and great Member, Senator Tammy Duckworth of  Illinois, and Senator Perdue.   This amendment is common sense and ensures the safety of the flying  public. Our bipartisan amendment streamlines an onerous process that  has led to unintended burdens and delays on the State Department of  Motor Vehicles across the country and delays in getting prospective  pilots eligible for employment.   To be clear, this amendment does nothing to remove protections to  pilots and their privacy already enshrined in Federal law.   In 1996, Congress passed the Pilot Records Improvement Act, which  mandated the airlines obtain driving records of all prospective pilot  employees from the National Driver Registry. An unintended consequence  came about requiring only the chief State licensing official could  approve such request. This has caused delays at DMVs, and currently,  most employees have to request these records from Missouri, since they  are the sole State still willing to access the National Driver Registry  for requests from all parties. That is not what was intended, and it  requires a simple and technical fix that this amendment does bring  about.   That 1996 law also clearly and strictly stipulated the written  consent that airlines require from pilots before obtaining their  records and spells out strict guidelines on the privacy and use of that  information. They cannot sell that information.   Mr. Chairman, I support the amendment and ask that it be voted on and  approved, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I would just like to take my remaining time  to thank Mr. Shuster for his work on this bill, and Mr. DeFazio for his  work, too. They did bring about an excellent bill that I am proud to  support.   I have been proud to be a member of the committee with Mr. Shuster as  the chair. He has done an outstanding job and done his father's memory  as a great chairman even greater honor.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   