 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for  yielding. He has pulled us together. Those of us who have been able to  work with him over the years, as I have--13 years on the committee--we  appreciate the gentleman's work from Georgia's 13th District.   Mr. Speaker, my colleagues have already very eloquently reminded you  of the significance, the history, and the benefits of unions. I want to  talk to you about the power of unions, the power to effect change in  the workforce.   Next month, the U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments in Janus v.  AFSCME. This will decide whether workers can receive all the benefits  of a union contract without contributing any funding in return. We call  them fair share fees.   Unions work because the workers pay their fair share, and they all  benefit from what is negotiated. Each worker chooses whether or not to  join a union, but the union is still required by law to represent and  negotiate on behalf of all of the workers. Some people want to see an  end to that, which is why this case is headed to the U.S. Supreme  Court. A negative decision could reverse a 40-year unanimous precedent  supporting State's rights.   Now, I want to say that I believe in the power of unions. It allows  employees a voice when some of them feel that they have been silenced.  When they can't speak and ask for increased wages or a safe working  environment for fear of retaliation, the unions speak. The unions are  their voices and they demand fair and reasonable working conditions.   We saw that power in 1970 during the Postal Workers' strike. Workers  had had enough. And as the gentleman from Georgia mentioned earlier, we  saw that power during the Memphis Sanitation Workers' strike. Workers  were willing to sacrifice their lives.   The Reverend James Lawson, a good friend of mine, was a United  Methodist pastor in Memphis at the time. He made a phone call to a man  he had met about 10 years earlier. Jim Lawson had just gotten out of  prison for refusing to go to Korea. Jim Lawson met Martin Luther King  after he got out of prison. They both ended up in India, studying under  Gandhi.   Jim Lawson realized that Martin Luther King had started this  organization with four others called the Southern Christian Leadership  Conference, so he called him and said: ``Would you come to Memphis? We  need you to help with this sanitation workers' strike.''   It is little known that when Dr. King tried to get the SCLC board to  vote to come to Memphis, they were not in support. Dr. King struggled  around a couple of days by himself, and then let everybody know on the  board he was going to go by himself. That, of course, changed everybody  else's minds and they joined him in Memphis.   We all know what happened to Martin Luther King, Jr., when he went to  Memphis. He was killed on the balcony of the Lorraine Motel. He  sacrificed his life for workers, the people who built this country.   I owe my ``middle classness'' to my maternal and my paternal  grandfathers. Both of them worked for the Southern Pacific Railroad and  became members of a union and earned enough money to buy a house.   In my little town where I was born, Waxahachie, Texas, an African  American owning his own home, not a shanty?   So it inspired his three boys, one of which was my father, to raise  his four kids in a middle class way. We all went off to college. We owe  that not only to the ingenuity of my grandfather and my parents, but  also to the unions.   So I will support unions as long as I can. Long after I am out of  Congress, I intend to support unions because they have power to change  lives. I am an example.   