 Mr. Speaker, what we are doing here today is simply  insane.   For 8 years, Republican leaders have blocked every attempt to debate  bipartisan immigration bills. They blocked Senate-passed comprehensive  immigration reform. They blocked the bipartisan Dream Act, which has  203 cosponsors.   Speaker Ryan has refused to consider the Dream Act, all while  shedding crocodile tears over the 700,000 Dreamers for whom America is  the only home they know. Instead, he has held the Dreamers hostage,  used them as bargaining chips, used them as leverage to waste tens of  billions of taxpayer dollars on a senseless wall and to militarize our  southern border.  [[Page H5374]]    Now, as our Nation is haunted by imagines of children being ripped  from their parents' arms and by the sounds of their cries, Speaker Ryan  decides this is the time to bring two of the most hateful, bigoted,  anti-immigrant pieces of legislation I have ever seen to the House  floor for debate under a closed process--no amendments, no committee  hearings.   This is a scandal, Mr. Speaker. Republicans should hide their faces  in shame.   It didn't have to be this way. If the bipartisan queen-of-the-hill  discharge petition was allowed to move forward, we could be having a  real debate on immigration. We could take up these two hyperpartisan  anti-immigrant bills, and we could also consider two bipartisan bills  to protect the Dreamers, namely, the Dream Act and the USA Act.   The petition was nearing 218 signatures, but Republicans couldn't  stand considering anything they disagree with. They couldn't even stand  debating them. This rule will kill the discharge petition because  Republicans fear a fair fight.   This is an insult to this institution and to the many Members on both  sides of the aisle who have waited so long to vote on these bills.   The Rules Committee even came back at 10 p.m. for an emergency  meeting to fix a so-called drafting error in this bill.   Do you know what the drafting error was?   $100 billion. That is right. Republicans almost accidentally gave  President Trump $125 billion for his border wall instead of the $25  billion. That is quite an error, although I am sure President Trump  would have loved it.   Oh, my God. This is what happens when you jam bills through with no  hearings, no markups, no CBO score, which would have caught this  enormous mistake.   Mr. Speaker, the President's executive order will only lead to  keeping these children behind bars, some with and some without their  parents, in unlimited, indefinite detention. And these Republican bills  turn this cruel policy into the law of the land.   This is not a solution, Mr. Speaker; this is cruel and inhuman  punishment.   The President of the United States must stop his vicious approach on  immigration. It is immoral. And he must stop his hate peddling and he  must stop his lies.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this rule that kills the  discharge petition; reject this rule that kills any hope for action on  bipartisan immigration bills. I say to my colleagues: Have zero  tolerance for this rule and have zero tolerance for these bills.   