 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Young very much for this  opportunity to be here.   Mr. Chairman, ``Maine is Vacationland.'' Everybody in the country and  everybody on this floor should know that. In fact, Mr. Chairman, we put  ``vacationland'' on our license plates just to make sure everybody  knows that.   Our population in the great State of Maine is 1.3 million hardy  souls, but we have 40 million people vacation in our State every year.  We have 3,000 miles of breathtaking coastline and hundreds and hundreds  of clear lakes and streams and hundreds of miles of swift-running  streams and rivers.   Everybody that is stressed out in this country, Mr. Chairman, should  go to Maine and have their summer vacation because, Mr. Chairman, the  tourist industry in the State of Maine employs about 150,000 people.   Maine, Mr. Chairman, is also lobster. There isn't a person in this  country who does not relate the great State of Maine to lobsters. Now,  I know Mr. Chairman over here has some great critters up in Alaska  called crabs, king crabs. Now, they are a good species, but Maine  lobsters are a great species, and we need to stand up for our lobsters,  Mr. Chairman.   On the water in the State of Maine, on the water we have 10,000 jobs  that support our lobster industry--10,000. These are folks who pull  traps in their stern.   We have a terrific staffer, Mr. Chairman, here on this committee,  Bill Ball, who got through college pulling lobster traps. It is hard  work, very hard work.   In addition to the folks who pull the traps, we have folks on land  who process them and ship them all over the world. It is a $1 billion  industry, all said, in the State of Maine.   Mr. Chairman, when these folks rise before the Sun comes up and they  head out to sea, sometimes in January and February, they are pulling up  to 800 traps, and they get their critters on the boat and they have got  to rebait those traps. They have got to keep their catch alive on the  boat. They have got to get them back to the dock, and then they have  got to get them to a processor and then to someone who is a dealer who  packages these things and ships them all over the world.   Every time in this process, I fear, Mr. Chairman, there are fees,  Federal, State, and maybe local fees, that are charged to get that  critter from the bottom of the cold Maine ocean to the plate of hungry  folks around the world.   So my bill, Mr. Chairman, that I am honored to bring up, my amendment  to H.R. 200, requires NOAA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric  Administration, do something very common sense. We want to make sure we  have an inventory of all the fees that are charged  [[Page H6093]]  to get this product to market, because our guys on the docks are coming  up to me and our dealers and our processors, saying: Bruce, why are you  making it so hard for us?   Government, Mr. Chairman, is supposed to make it easy for our  families to live better lives and our small businesses, and all these  lobster fishermen are running small businesses. We need to make sure  their fees are lower and the regulations are fewer and the taxes are  lower because that helps them grow their business, hire more people and  pay them more, and live better lives with fatter paychecks and more  freedom.   So I am asking everybody, Mr. Chairman--and I am grateful, Mr.  Chairman, for the opportunity to speak about H.R. 200--I am asking  every Republican and every Democrat in this Chamber to do what is  right, which is to inventory these fees, because once we find out what  I think are going to be one big boatload of fees, I am going to come  back to this body and ask to get rid of those fees.   Mr. Chairman, I am grateful for this opportunity, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I know deep down in Mr. Young's heart, he  is a Mainer at heart. I know that. I have been to Alaska. It is a good  State. Maine is a great State, and, as a result, I know Mr. Young is  going to support this amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   