 Mr. President, I want to echo a number of the comments my  friend, the chairman, the Senator from North Carolina made. Ten days  ago, we asked for reauthorization of section 702, and I came to this  floor and advocated that this was a critically important tool. Part of  the reforms of that legislation would even give us more insight into  how that tool was used. We said, at that point, not only to those  Members who didn't agree with us on that but to all of the Members--for  that matter, the American people--that the Intelligence Committee would  continue its vigorous oversight of that program and other programs.   Being on the Intelligence Committee, at least until recently, has not  been necessarily all that high attention and profile. We spend hundreds  and hundreds of hours every month in a SCIF. One of the things I find  so rewarding about the Intelligence Committee's work is that on issue  after issue, you couldn't tell who is a Democrat and Republican. We all  take extraordinarily serious our oversight responsibilities.   If this exemption is granted, you could potentially have an  administration--any administration--go off and take on covert  activities, for example, with no ability for our committee, which  spends the time and has the oversight, to say timeout or to say we  actually disagree with that policy.   I have been very disturbed about the whole process that arose in the  House, how it was attempted to get slipped in. I hope, as well as the  chairman, that no Member would choose to object. If they do choose to  object, I hope they will be able to explain to the American public why  they would want to remove the Intelligence Committee's ability to  monitor, and then if we make a decision, withdraw funds if we don't  agree and have that ongoing tool that is one of the most key components  of our oversight responsibility--why they would want to, in effect,  give any administration, for that matter, a blank check.   Again, my hope is no one will object to this request; that we will  continue the policies that existed for as long as I have been on the  committee; and that those of us on that committee will continue to take  the responsibility of oversight very seriously and will continue to do  it in a bipartisan way.   With that, I yield back to the chairman.   