 Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the issue  before the Senate, and I am very pleased the Senate is finally taking  up this legislation. It has to do with stopping sex trafficking  specifically--a growing scourge in our country and really a stain on  our national character--which is girls, women being sold online.   The legislation is called the Allow States and Victims to Fight  Online Sex Trafficking Act. It includes the Stop Enabling Sex  Traffickers Act, or SESTA. That has gone through a process here in the  Senate. We had hearings on it. We had a markup. This is an issue many  of us have been working on for many months--in fact, for the last  couple of years--doing the investigations to come up with how to deal  with this problem.   I am very pleased that we now have the opportunity here in the Senate  to take up this legislation and begin the process of turning the tide,  changing this horrific situation where, in this country, in this  century, we actually have an increase in the trafficking of human  beings--specifically women and children being trafficked online. I  thought the speech earlier by Majority Leader Mitch McConnell laid this  out very well. He talked about the fact that there has been an  eightfold increase, in the most recent data from the National Center  for Missing and Exploited Children; that is, between 2010 and 2015,  there was an eightfold increase in the incidence of trafficking. He  also talked about the fact that this is growing because of this growth  of the internet, that the internet--specifically this one website--has  caused this increase that Congress has the ability to address through a  change in a Federal law that can be targeted and focused and can make a  huge difference in the lives of those who would be trafficked and  undergo the intense trauma that results.   I am very pleased we are taking up this legislation. I thank Majority  Leader McConnell for putting the bill on the floor.   I know we have an important omnibus spending bill coming up, and I  know the Senate needs to focus on that, but first let's get this  commonsense legislation passed. Let's take this opportunity to do  something that is actually going to help immediately on this issue of  sex trafficking.   I also thank Senator John Thune. He is the chairman of the Commerce  Committee, which had the hearings and marked up this legislation. I  also thank his colleague, Ranking Member Bill Nelson, for his work on  this. We held a powerful hearing. I had a chance to testify there and  testify about the work we had done in another committee investigating  this issue. We heard from victims, and we heard from experts. At the  end of the day, that vote in the Commerce Committee was unanimous-- Republicans and Democrats alike saying: We get it. We need to address  this issue.   We have had a lot of collaboration on this over the last couple of  years. I would say it has been a truly nonpartisan effort, not just a  bipartisan effort, which is rare around this place. In particular, I  would like to thank the coauthor of the legislation we are dealing  with, and that is Richard Blumenthal, who, as a former prosecutor,  understands these issues because he prosecuted sex trafficking cases.   I also thank Senator Claire McCaskill because it was Senator  McCaskill and I who headed up the Permanent Subcommittee on  Investigations, which looked into this issue. We spent a year and a  half studying it, and we were able to find out shocking information  about what is going on online.   I also thank Senator John Cornyn, Senator Heidi Heitkamp, Senator Amy  Klobuchar, and Senator Ted Cruz. They are a group of Senators who were  the initial cosponsors of this legislation and have helped us put this  legislation together in a way that addresses the issue in a very  focused and targeted way, so we are going to actually have the result  we are looking for but without affecting what some were concerned  about, which was the freedom of the internet. We all believe in the  freedom of the internet, but we also know that committing these kinds  of horrific crimes on the internet has to be something people are held  accountable for.   I want to take a moment to recognize a couple of other leaders in  this effort, one of whom is a Senator, and the other is his spouse, and  that is Cindy and John McCain. I hope they are watching these  proceedings over the next week as we take up this legislation, debate  it, and I hope pass it on the floor of the Senate, because they have  been very involved.    John McCain from the start, as one of the leaders on this issue here  in the Senate, helped us put together the legislation. He was with me  on the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations as we looked into this  matter. John can't be with us here on the floor, but I know his  presence is felt. I will tell my colleagues that it is felt by me, as  well as the influence he has had on this legislation and on many of us  in bringing up this issue.   One reason he brings up this issue a lot is that he has a spouse who  is passionate about it and has spent a lot of time working on it. The  McCain Institute has specialized on this issue of human trafficking,  and Cindy McCain has been a tireless advocate globally on this issue.  So I thank both Cindy and John for their inspiration. Again, I am  confident that as we get it across the finish line here, they will be  celebrating with us.   We have 68 cosponsors of this legislation now, and, again, for those  who follow scorecards around here, that is unusual. We have a majority  of Republicans, and we have a majority of Democrats. We have a  situation here where everybody is affected by it in their States. They  get it, and they understand that this is a Federal responsibility to  change this law because it is a Federal law that creates this opening  for websites to engage in this kind of behavior without accountability.  They are effectively shielded from prosecutions or from lawsuits. This  legislation takes away that shield.   We have heard from the FBI, the National Center for Missing and  Exploited Children; we have heard from Polaris, which runs the national  tip line on human trafficking. All kinds of experts have told us that  trafficking is not just increasing, but it is increasing because of the  ruthless efficiency of the internet.   One website--backpage.com--is involved in the majority of online sex  trafficking. One anti-trafficking organization has said that backpage  is involved in about 75 percent of the online trafficking reports it  receives from the public. Another organization, Shared  [[Page S1745]]  Hope International, says it is even more than that. So think about  that. We have this increase in trafficking. It is primarily being  caused by this movement from the street corner to the smartphone, as  victims have told me back home, and there is one website that has the  majority of this activity. That is what we studied.   As we looked into it further, Senator McCaskill and I were shocked to  find out that not only is this activity going on on this website, but  they were complicit in the sense that they knowingly facilitated  criminal sex trafficking, including coaching users--people who were  placing ads with them--to post clean ads so that they wouldn't  indicate--which was very obvious in the initial ads that were  presented--that these were underage girls. As an example, taking out  words like ``schoolgirl'' or ``cheerleader''--they told them to do that  so they could still place the ads; in other words, get the money for  the ads. As you can imagine, this is a very lucrative business. So they  were saying that they needed to clean it up. That practice covered up  evidence of these crimes. It actually also made it harder for law  enforcement to follow up on these cases. They did it for a very simple  reason. They wanted the ads because they increased their profits, but  obviously they had an incredibly detrimental impact, and still do, on  women and children around our country.   I spoke earlier this week on the floor about Kubiiki Pride because  she testified before us and she is also part of a documentary called  ``I Am Jane Doe.'' If you are interested in this issue, check it out.  It is on Netflix.   Kubiiki Pride told us this alarming story of a mom whose daughter  goes missing. She can't find her. She was told to look on this site  called backpage. She does, and she sees her daughter's photographs  there--sexually explicit photographs.   She calls backpage and says: That is my daughter; she has been  missing. She is 14 years old, and she is on your website. Thank you for  taking down the ad.   Their response: Did you pay for the ad?   She said: No, of course I didn't pay for it. I am the mother.   They said: We can't take down the ad because you didn't pay for it.   That story tells us how evil these websites are.   Let me tell you another story about Yvonne Ambrose. Yvonne testified  before the Commerce Committee, and you could have heard a pin drop when  she was telling her story. Her daughter was 16 years old and she was  trafficked on backpage.com. She was sold for sex on backpage.com at 16  years old. Yvonne got a call on Christmas Eve 2016, the call no parent  ever wants to get. The call was from law enforcement saying that her  daughter, Desiree, who was being trafficked at the time on  backpage.com, had been murdered.   Yvonne is honoring Desiree's memory by getting engaged in this issue  and helping us to pass this legislation. I appreciate her challenge and  her grief. But she is also sure that this legislation is the thing that  would have kept girls like her daughter from getting involved in this,  because when she went after backpage to try to hold them accountable,  she was told: I am sorry; they have immunity under Federal law.   That Federal law, by the way, is called the Communications Decency  Act. It was put in place with good intentions to help protect the  freedom of the internet. It protects websites from liability when users  put something on their site, but it was never meant to protect criminal  activity. It has been misinterpreted, in my view, by the courts, but it  also needs to be clarified, because it is not as clear as it should be,  and that is what our legislation does.   This legislation, by the way, was enacted back in 1996--22 years ago,  when the internet was in its infancy. There needed to be something to  help provide protection from liability. But, unfortunately, it has been  used as a shield by these criminals to be able to sell women and  children online without accountability.    The same law that was actually written back then was also focused, in  part, on keeping indecent material--pornography--from going to  children, ironically, and now it is being used to shield these  traffickers. I know Congress did not intend that broad immunity, and I  know we need to fix it.   By the way, the district attorneys around the country agree with us  on this--prosecutors. They have asked us to change this law. Their  associations have even been involved in this issue. Fifty State  attorneys general have written to us, asking us to do this, including,  by the way, some former State attorneys general who are now Members of  this body.   In the most blatant call on Congress yet, we had a court in  Sacramento, CA, say: You have to fix this law because, otherwise, we  can't do anything to keep people from exploiting women and children  online. A number of courts have said this and basically have called on  Congress--welcomed us to enter into it. The one in California said:  ``If and until Congress sees fit to amend the immunity law, the broad  reach of the Communications Decency Act even applies to those alleged  to support the exploitation of others by allowing trafficking.''   In other words, they are asking Congress to step in and do something.   That is what this does. It allows online sex trafficking victims to  get the justice they deserve and it allows prosecutors to hold these  websites accountable.   We do it with two very narrow changes. First, allowing these victims  to get the justice they deserve by removing the broad liability  protections for a narrow set of bad actors. In fact, we actually say  that for the good actors, there is a Good Samaritan provision: If you  want to clean up your website and get the offensive material off, you  are protected.   Second, it does allow for the State prosecutors to go after these  websites, which they can't do now. So it takes the Federal standard--it  is not a new standard; it is Federal law, which is already a criminal  act--and says, allow these State prosecutors, these State attorneys  general, to prosecute these websites that violate these Federal laws.   It is incredibly important to pass this. We did it narrowly. We have  a knowing standard here; in other words, to be affected by this, you  have to knowingly be facilitating, supporting, or assisting sex  trafficking. We did that because we wanted to be sure it was focused on  this issue and not affecting the broader freedom of the internet.   We have a lot of support now. A couple of weeks ago the White House  announced its support for this legislation. I mentioned that 68  Senators are now supporting it. It passed in the House of  Representatives about 10 days ago with over 300 votes.   It has support from around the country, most importantly. All of the  groups are focused on this issue of how to avoid women and children  from getting caught in this web of human trafficking and then how to  help them when they get out to provide for the important recovery  efforts that are needed from the trauma of this. Those groups, of  course, are strongly supportive.   Law enforcement has been terrific. The Fraternal Order of Police  stepped up early on in strong support of this legislation. So have all  of the other law enforcement groups represented here in Washington  through their national offices. We appreciate their help.   We appreciate the fact that parents have been willing to come forward  and tell these difficult stories, as was the case of Kubiiki Pride, as  was the case of Yvonne Ambrose, whom I talked about earlier, and her  daughter, Desiree. They told their stories from their heart in order to  get Congress to wake up and do the right thing. We now need to do that.   This legislation is now before this body. We expect to have a vote  next week on it. We need to do all we can to address this stain on our  national character. We need to do all we can to provide these victims  the justice they deserve. We need to do all we can to ensure that we  stop the selling of women and children online.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   