 Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of the FY2019  Defense Appropriations bill. I commend Chairman Frelinghuysen, Ranking  Member Lowey, Subcommittee Chairwoman Granger and Ranking Member  Visclosky for their leadership on this bill. I would also like to thank  our dedicated professional staff who have tirelessly worked on this  bill.   I have served on the House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee for  many years and providing for our men and women in uniform is a  privilege and an honor.   This bill provides vital funding for our Armed Services, including a  2.6 percent pay raise. This bill is an investment in our future  superiority on land, air and at sea. Whether it is the procurement of  next-gen platforms or systems, the recruitment and retention of our  best and brightest, or investment in cutting-edge technology--this bill  is a down payment on our future force.   Earlier this year, Secretary Mattis released the National Defense  Strategy. As we all know, our Secretary of Defense is focused on  readiness and lethality. This bill meets the demands of the Department  to restore our readiness levels, invest in lethality, buy the equipment  that will maintain our military superiority, and provide for the health  and welfare of our men and women in uniform.   We are at a unique time in history that demands U.S. leadership  throughout the world. As we know all too well, a power vacuum breeds  instability and extremism.   A strong U.S. military, with our allies, creates stability. After too  many years of a budget driven strategy, this bill reflects the  investment needed to maintain and secure U.S. interests around the  world. The investment we make here today--about 16 percent of our  entire federal budget--has dividends down the road for many years.   The security of our nation, and the peace of the world, depends on a  strong U.S. military.   The power of the purse lies with Congress and today I urge all  Members to vote in support of the FY2019 Defense Appropriations bill.  The Senate is doing their work and expects to mark up their defense  bill in the full committee later this week.   The last time the House passed a stand-alone Defense Appropriations  Conference Report that was signed into law before the end of the fiscal  year was September 2009. Let's turn the page on CRs that cripple the  Department and return to regular order.   Thank you again to my colleagues who crafted this bill, to our  military leadership and to the men and women of the United States  military. I urge passage of this bill.   