 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of  H.R. 2979, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal  Service located at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino, California,  as the Jack H. Brown Post Office Building.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from California (Mr. Aguilar) so that he may tell us more about the  honorable veteran from San Bernardino, California, Jack Brown.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers at this time. I  urge the passage of H.R. 2979, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of  H.R. 4946, to designate the facility of the United States Postal  Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, California, as  the Specialist Trevor A. Win'E Post Office.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from California (Mr. Correa) to tell us more about Trevor Anthony  Win'E.    Mr. Speaker, actually, I have no further speakers. I  want to thank the gentleman for his powerful words about a life well  and honorably lived.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 4946, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of  H.R. 5504, to designate the facility of the United States Postal  Service located at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Richland,  Washington, as the Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building.   A graduate of Columbia Basin College, Dietrich Schmieman joined the  Marine Corps in 2009. Following a deployment to Okinawa, Japan, as a  military parachutist and diver, Dietrich was promoted to sergeant and  selected for Marine Corps Special Operations School.   You heard that he tragically lost his life in a cargo plane crash in  July, but before that, he would complete a second overseas deployment  and attain his goal of serving as a critical skills operator.   Sergeant Schmieman received 14 awards and decorations during his  service and continues to be deeply missed by his Marine team, who plans  to climb his beloved Mount Rainier in his honor this summer.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 5504, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge the  passage of H.R. 5504 in memory of Sergeant Schmieman, an American hero,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I support this bill, the CASES for Constituents Act,  introduced by Representatives Garret Graves and Joe Kennedy.   This bill, as you heard, would modernize the way Federal agencies  process Privacy Act waivers and make it easier for Members of Congress  to help constituents get assistance from Federal agents. We all know  what this means. It helps to speed up the process of assisting your  constituents, so it is a very valuable improvement.   A constituent has to provide an agency with written consent before a  congressional office can obtain information from the agency on behalf  of the constituent. Some agencies, as we have heard and know, have  outdated policies and still require these consent forms to be mailed or  faxed. Under the bill before us, the Office of Management and Budget  would be required to establish standards for Federal agencies to accept  electronic consent forms and for agencies to accept such forms.   The bill also would require the OMB to operate a consolidated online  portal that would allow individuals to submit electronic consent forms  and to track  [[Page H6211]]  the status of their form. The bill would also allow congressional  offices to provide online links to the portal.   I appreciate very much the bipartisan way in which this bill was  developed. I want to thank the majority for their cooperation in making  a number of improvements to the bill; for example, the substitute  amendment would require OMB to include features to protect the privacy  of individuals who use the consolidated online portal required under  the bill.   Mr. Speaker, this is a good, bipartisan bill. I urge my colleagues to  support it, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, obviously this bill would work a very  substantial improvement on our constituent services operations. I have  no further speakers.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 3076, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of  H.R. 4960, to designate the facility of the United States Postal  Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Columbia, Missouri, as the  Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Office Building.   Specialist Wyatt epitomized dedication and hard work, becoming an  Eagle Scout, first degree black belt in tae kwon do, and a certified  nurse attendant before his high school graduation.   He carried that spirit with him when he enlisted in the Army, joining  the 20th Infantry Regiment. Specialist Wyatt deployed to Kandahar,  Afghanistan, and gave his life on July 11, 2012, when his vehicle was  hit by an IED. Just 21 years old, Specialist Wyatt was awarded the  Medal of Valor and a Bronze Star.   Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to remember the ultimate  sacrifice paid by Specialist Sterling William Wyatt.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 4960, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge the  passage of H.R. 4960 in honor of Specialist Wyatt, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of  H.R. 3230, to designate the facility of the United States Postal  Service located at 915 Center Avenue in Payette, Idaho, as the Harmon  Killebrew Post Office Building.   A member of the Washington Senators, Minnesota Twins, and Kansas City  Royals, Harmon Killebrew excelled in major league baseball for 22  years. During that time, he notched an impressive 2,086 hits, played in  13 All-Star games, and tallied nine seasons with over 100 RBIs.   In fact, I can remember as a kid rooting for the Orioles that we  didn't want Harmon Killebrew coming up to the plate.   Harmon retired in 1975 in fifth place for career home runs. He was  inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1984.   Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to honor Harmon Killebrew's  accomplishments to the great American pastime.   I urge the passage of H.R. 3230, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge the  passage of H.R. 3230 to name the post office in Payette, Idaho, for  Harmon Killebrew, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I want to thank Representatives Stivers and Takano for their  sponsorship of this much needed bipartisan bill, which would expand, as  you heard, coverage of Representative Stephen Lynch's Wounded Warriors  Federal Leave Act to newly hired healthcare veterans at the Veterans  Health Administration.   Approximately one-third of VA's new hires are veterans. It is no  surprise that veterans who leave military service want to continue to  serve this country and the American people. We are grateful that these  brave men and women, many of whom are wounded themselves, choose to  devote their civilian careers to taking care of their fellow wounded  warriors.   The bill would provide newly hired doctors, nurses, physician  assistants, dentists, optometrists, and chiropractors at the VHA who  have service-connected disabilities with 104 hours of sick leave during  their first year of employment to take care of their medical  conditions.   This is a very good bill that I urge my colleagues to support, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Takano), one of the sponsors of this  very, very important bill.    Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of S. 899, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   