 Mr. President, today the Senate will vote to confirm  Robert Wilkie, President Trump's outstanding choice to serve as the  next Secretary of Veterans Affairs.   The job is an incredibly important one. As Secretary, Mr. Wilkie will  be tasked with fulfilling our Nation's commitments to veterans and  their families, expanding their access to care, and improving  accountability at the VA.   Millions of American veterans rely on the VA--day in and day out--for  healthcare, employment resources, counseling, and a host of other  services they need and have certainly earned.   It is fortunate, then, that Mr. Wilkie's impressive career of public  service demonstrates he is well prepared to advance the agency's vital  missions.   Robert Wilkie grew up the son of an Army artillery officer. He  carried on the tradition of service as an officer in the U.S. Air Force  Reserve. In addition to uniformed service, Mr. Wilkie has amassed more- than two decades of experience as a civil servant. He has served at the  Department of Defense, at the National Security Council, and here on  Capitol Hill.   Throughout the years, he has built a reputation as a thoughtful  analyst and a skilled manager. Both these skills will serve him well at  the helm of an an agency that employs nearly 400,000 people to meet the  needs of millions more.   I know I speak for so many of my colleagues when I say that the  Senate looks forward to working closely with the next Secretary of  Veterans Affairs.   Already in 2018, guided by the leadership of Chairman Isakson, this  body has taken decisive action to better fulfill our Nation's promises  to veterans and their families.   In May, the Senate voted, by a wide bipartisan margin, to pass the VA  MISSION Act, which was designed to ensure that the services on which  our Nation's heroes rely are flexible and accessible enough to meet  their needs.   The omnibus spending measure passed earlier this year included a  record level of support for VA programs.   In Robert Wilkie, the President has chosen a partner with whom this  body can work side by side to continue advancing the interests of our  Nation's veterans, including more than 300,000 in my home State of  Kentucky.   I look forward to doing just that. I urge each of my colleagues to  join me in voting today to confirm this qualified nominee.   