 Mr. Speaker, I want to lend my voice to this very  important essential legislation. Nothing is more important than  mentoring, particularly in small businesses. I know in the particular  case of the city of Philadelphia and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,  SCORE is an important asset.    I thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for her leadership on  something that is extremely essential, something that transcends  parties. It is about economic growth and economic opportunity, and I  thank her for her leadership that she has shown in understanding the  importance of mentoring.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2655, the Small  Business Innovation Protection Act of 2017.   I want to thank my colleague Congressman Fitzpatrick of Pennsylvania  for working with me to help American small businesses via this critical  piece of legislation.   H.R. 2655 directs the Small Business Administration and the Under  Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and the Director of the  U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to enter into a partnership agreement;  one, to develop high quality training for small business concerns  related to domestic and international protection of intellectual  property and how such protections should be considered in small  business concerns' business plans and growth strategies.   Number two, to leverage existing training material already developed  to educate inventors as well as small business concerns.   In addition, section 4 of this bill provides that the agencies must  use the training material that they already have at their disposal.   I think that Members of the Congress have a special duty to try and  ensure that our small businesses have all the tools in the toolbox they  need to succeed.   We know that small businesses are critical to the economic strength  of our country, especially new and growing tech-based economies.   That is why we should create programs like this to assist  entrepreneurs in starting their own businesses, providing structure,  and helping them with their progress.   In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, where there are already 1  million small businesses, which, according to the Pennsylvania SBDC,  employ 2.4 million workers that make up 47 percent of the private  sector labor force, it is critical that these businesses be able to  protect their intellectual properties so that they will feel free to  continue growth and innovation and prosper.   This bill is a step in the right direction by expanding intellectual  property education and training for small businesses. And frankly, Mr.  Speaker, this bill is an example of how we can use the power of  government to create narrowly tailored solutions to problems in the  current public/private partnerships in Pennsylvania and around the  Nation.   Mr. Speaker, I look forward to the support of my colleagues.   In addition to that, Mr. Speaker, there is a letter from the  Biotechnology Industry Organization written in support of this  particular bill I ask that my colleagues support.   