 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and my friend and  colleague from North Carolina, the deputy whip, for his leadership on  this very important issue.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this bipartisan  legislation, the Protecting Consumers' Access to Credit Act of 2017.   Mr. Speaker, we are on the verge of something special in the  financial services space with financial technology  [[Page H1154]]  opening the industry up to amazing innovation. However, as many of us  gathered here today know, the Second Circuit's decision in the Madden  v. Midland Funding case has put this innovation and movement in  jeopardy. It has done so by undermining a long-held principle which has  left fintech lenders and the secondary credit market with issues that  need to be addressed.   Luckily, Mr. McHenry's legislation provides a much-needed fix to the  Second Circuit's decision by codifying the valid-when-made legal  doctrine. This common law principle has been around and accepted in the  financial services space for some time now. This bill will ensure that  innovative lending practices remain intact, allowing creative and  innovative sources of capital to reach the consumer and small  businesses. This is important because it will help to preserve the  relationship between banks and fintech firms.   I am thankful this legislation is coming up for a vote today because  it is greatly needed and, if enacted, will help our economy continue to  grow. This body must continue to serve as an advocate for innovation in  the credit and financial technology space because, ultimately, it will  benefit community development, job creation, and, most importantly, the  consumer.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bipartisan and commonsense piece  of legislation.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the  balance of my time.   There was a reference to Senator Warner, and he said that the Madden  fix bill must address the payday lender loophole. I alluded to some of  this kind of thinking about those who may have supported the bill  without really giving a lot of thought to this loophole, but I just  want you to know that even the author of the bill, Senator Warner, is  saying that the Madden fix bill must address payday lender loopholes.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3299 is ultimately a bill that would make it easier  for bad actors to get around interest rate caps that States have put  into place to protect borrowers from predator payday pit traps. Let's  be clear: the availability of affordable credit is very important in  every community, and we should work together in ways to make sure that  underserved communities have fair access to credit and banking  services.   But measures like H.R. 3299 do not productively advance that goal. In  fact, the bill would do the opposite. It would open the door for  nonbanks to ignore States' strong protections and make loans with high  interest rates. The bill would usher in a wave of harmful, high-cost  payday loans in States where such loans were previously disallowed.   Let's not forget that last month Mick Mulvaney, who President Trump  illegally appointed to serve as Acting Director of the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau, directed the Consumer Bureau to reconsider  its sensible and much-needed rule on payday vehicle title and certain  high-cost installment loans. That rule, put in place under the  leadership of Richard Cordray, would require payday lenders to ensure  that consumers can actually afford to pay off their loans.   Essentially, Donald Trump and Mick Mulvaney are helping out payday  lenders by undermining the Consumer Bureau's rule as well as rolling  back and undermining many of the other critical protections put in  place by Democrats in the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer  Protection Act.    On top of his pull to reconsider the payday rule, Mulvaney has also  drawn a Consumer Bureau lawsuit against a group of payday lenders who  allegedly failed to disclose the true cost of loans which had interest  rates as high as 950 percent a year.   Mr. Speaker, Congress should be standing up for and enhancing  protections for consumers, not legislating to make it easier for  hardworking Americans to be drawn into payday debt traps.   H.R. 3299 is widely opposed by over 200 consumer and civil rights  groups, including the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights,  the NAACP, the National Consumer Law Center, the Southern Poverty Law  Center, and many others.   And so I think it is clear what we are advocating on this side of the  aisle. We are simply saying that we should not create this loophole,  that we should understand the struggle that many of us have been in to  try and keep payday lenders from going into the most vulnerable  neighborhoods, targeting the most vulnerable people, taking advantage  of folks who have no place to turn and who need a few dollars until  payday, taking advantage of them and trapping them into these loans and  creating all of this debt for them.   This would just go a long way to continue that kind of madness, and  so I would urge Members to vote ``no'' on the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   