 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Colorado for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2255, the Housing  Opportunities Made Easier, or the HOME Act.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from New Jersey (Mr. Gottheimer),  for being the lead Democrat on this bill. I appreciate his bipartisan  leadership and his efforts to bring this bill to the floor for a vote.   I also thank my colleague in the Senate, Senator Portman, for his  leadership on this issue. It has been a pleasure working with him to  ensure Habitat for Humanity and other nonprofits are able to continue  their important mission.   Finally, I thank Chairman Hensarling for his support in the Financial  Services Committee.   During my first term in Congress, I, along with my entire district  office, had the opportunity to join Habitat for Humanity on one of  their builds in Oakland County, Michigan. It was great fun helping them  build a Michigan family's home, but I think we often forget that  Habitat for Humanity and other nonprofit housing organizations do so  much more than just build a home.   These nonprofits actually offer families who live in their homes, no-  or low-interest homes, making the dream of homeownership affordable for  so many. The home, of course, needs to be appraised before a loan may  be approved. Many times, professional appraisers volunteer their  services so that the nonprofit does not have to incur additional  expense.   Early last year, I met with Habitat for Humanity leaders from  Michigan and I heard about their struggle to ensure that homes remain  affordable under the regulations promulgated by Dodd-Frank. Under the  new law, all fee appraisers must be paid a customary and reasonable fee  for their work.   So where does this leave Habitat for Humanity and other nonprofits?   This means they may no longer accept donated appraisals, forcing them  to divert money from their core homebuilding activities.   In fact, Habitat for Humanity told me that these complex rules have  tripled the cost of originating loans. This is particularly a problem  in rural areas where, under Dodd-Frank, appraisers are also required to  be compensated for mileage expenses. Some chapters have informed us  they may need to stop or limit their work altogether, denying a  valuable service to many communities.   My bill, the HOME Act, which passed out of committee with a unanimous  bipartisan vote of 55-0, would exempt Habitat for Humanity and other  nonprofits from this burdensome rule, allowing them to accept donated  appraisals, which, in turn, will lower the cost for homes for Michigan  families.   We in Congress should stand by their side, not in their way. This  bill gets Washington out of the way by providing that a donated  appraisal may be considered ``customary and reasonable'' when  benefiting charities. All other consumer protections in the Truth in  Lending Act remain in place. It is a simple, targeted fix that does  nothing to harm the underlying law or Dodd-Frank.   When I came to Congress, I knew that I would be fighting for small  businesses who are often ignored or hurt by Washington, but I never  thought we would need to defend charitable organizations. I am glad  that Congress is using some common sense to solve this obvious  unintended consequence.   There is no need for debate or dissent on this bill. We cannot let  Dodd-Frank undermine these fine organizations from their mission of  providing homes to our neighbors in need.   Again, I thank all of the members of the Financial Services Committee  for their unanimous bipartisan support. I urge all of my colleagues to  support the work of worthy housing charities by voting ``yes'' on H.R.  2255.   