 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman.   I have a lot of respect for my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle. I do wonder sometimes if we are living in the same country,  because when I look at a package like this, I look at the general  philosophy over the course of the last year and a half, with the tax  cuts that will at the end of the day cost our country $2.3 trillion-- that money we are borrowing.   And we are going to borrow a lot of that money from China, Mr.  Speaker. And they are going to get interest on that money, and China is  reinvesting back into their country. They are building islands in the  South China Sea. They are building bases in Africa. They are making  investments in wind, solar, battery-powered cars, AI, additive  manufacturing. They are moving and shaking around the globe.   And we gave a $2.3 trillion tax cut, which we saw just last month  $200 billion of it went for stock buybacks. Apple got it, put $100  billion back into stock buybacks.   Who is investing in this country now? That is the main issue that we  are talking about--yes, battery-powered cars; yes, Economic Development  Administration; yes, rural issues that the gentleman from Georgia just  talked about.   College costs are going up. We need more STEM people graduating from  our colleges. We are not a healthy country. And in this bill we are  going to take kids off of their healthcare, disinvestment in economic  development. And our country is getting left behind the global economy.   You could talk about low unemployment all you want. The anxiety level  in our country has not gone down. You could talk about the stock market  all you want. Sixty-six percent of the people in this country make less  than $40,000 a year.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from New York  for yielding, and I thank her for her leadership on the Appropriations  Committee.   I also thank my partner on the Legislative Branch Subcommittee on  Appropriations, Mr. Yoder, who was chairman of the Legislative Branch  Subcommittee on Appropriations until recently. He carried out his  responsibilities as chairman in an inclusive and thoughtful manner. Not  only did we hold a budget hearing with almost every agency funded under  the bill, but we ended our markup with a bipartisan measure that gives  most of the agencies in the legislative branch their full budget  request.   Chairman Frelinghuysen is now wielding the gavel for both the full  Appropriations Committee and the Legislative Branch Subcommittee. I am  grateful for the courtesy he has shown me as full committee chair, and  in his short tenure so far as my subcommittee chair. I know he will  continue to work with me as the ranking minority member in the same  sort of respectful bipartisan manner as Mr. Yoder did.    And, of course, I would like to thank the staff on both sides of the  aisle: subcommittee clerk Jenny Panone, Tim Monahan, Adam Berg; and,  from my office, Anne Sokolov and Ryan Keating.   As Mr. Frelinghuysen noted, the Legislative Branch division of this  bill provides $3.81 billion, excluding Senate items.   With $456.4 million for the Capitol Police and $18.8 million for the  House Sergeant at Arms, we are looking after the security needs of the  Members, staff, and visitors both here in Washington and at our  district offices back home.   The bill's $5.4 million for the Office of Compliance and $147.6  million for the House chief administrative officer will support our  response to the sexual harassment that has been pervasive since longer  than any of us have been Members of Congress, but has only recently  become a national scandal.   The $642 million for the Architect of the Capitol will help continue  to reduce our backlog of deferred maintenance.   The $578.9 million for the Government Accountability Office will  bring the Federal Government's premier auditor and watchdog back up to  the staffing level it needs to root out waste, fraud, and abuse.   Those are just some of the worthwhile issues to which we are putting  taxpayer dollars in the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill.   Unfortunately, I have to oppose this bill. It isn't because the  funding for legislative branch agencies or energy and water or military  construction and veterans affairs is inadequate. On the contrary. It is  because the majority has taken the sequestration relief that Democrats  fought for, and used it all for Republican priorities in fiscal year  2019, instead of putting it toward programs that help working people  support their families and grow the middle class. That was not what we  agreed upon.   A number of the appropriations bills this year won't see an increase  at all, even though there are billions more dollars available for  domestic spending.   The Republican plan says the Labor, Health, Human Services, and  Education bill that funds the Substance Abuse and Mental Health  Services Administration and the National Institutes of Health are not  priorities, even in the face of the opioid crisis that we see in Ohio.   We are saying it isn't a priority to fund the wage and hour division  of the Department of Labor, which enforces Federal minimum wage,  overtime pay, and recordkeeping laws to prevent wage theft.   We are saying we don't care about the Bureau of International Labor  Affairs, whose mission it is to promote a fair global playing field for  workers in the U.S. and around the world by enforcing trade  commitments, strengthening labor standards, and more.   We are saying we don't care about job training and apprenticeship  programs.   But we somehow have billions of dollars for a wasteful, unnecessary,  ineffective border wall?   Shifting domestic spending away from programs that help the middle  class isn't the only way in which the majority is effectively violating  the bipartisan budget caps deal we agreed to in February.   The majority is also counting over $1 billion for bipartisan veterans  programs against the domestic spending caps, even though those dollars  were previously outside the caps. They changed the rules to move it  under the caps, and you have to spend less somewhere else. It is just  another way of squeezing out funding for Democratic priorities.   And, as we saw earlier today, they are rescinding money that we were  relying on to write 2019 spending bills that made adequate investments  in our country under the budget cap levels. Both sides understood we  would use rescinded money to cover investments in health and education,  for example, and now the Republicans are taking that away. Again,  changing the rules to squeeze out spending for programs that help  working families.    Lastly, Republicans are trying to simply sit on  some of the domestic funds we agreed to in the bipartisan budget deal  in February. For example, in the financial services bill, Republicans  are taking $585 million away.   If Republicans think they can get all the way through this year's  appropriations process without bipartisan cooperation, good luck. And  to get cooperation, you have to show good faith. We had a deal, we need  to keep the deal.   Mr. Chairman, I hope we can return to working together, like we did  when we produced the fiscal year 2018 omnibus, less than 3 months ago.  There is still time. But, for today, we have to oppose this bill.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Chair, I understand that Mr. Meadows offers  this amendment to try to attack Special Counsel Mueller and his team to  imply that there is some sort of impropriety going on here with the  Russian investigation.   Of course, these improprieties aren't with the special counsel, Mr.  Chair; the problems are with Russia and the people in our country, our  political system, and our current administration who repeatedly  communicated and met with Russian operatives during the Presidential  campaign. But trying to muddy the waters by going after the integrity  of the investigators is a classic tactic used by the people who feel  threatened by an investigation because they know they have been caught.   The bottom line is the way this amendment is drafted, it doesn't do  anything. It says that no funds in the bill can be used to ``enforce''  a repeal of the provision of law that happened a  [[Page H4971]]  decade ago. Not enforcing a repeal is not the same as reinstating the  provision that was repealed.   This amendment was drafted in this tortured fashion to avoid  violating the rules of the House that prohibit legislating on an  appropriations measure. In any case, there is currently no independent  counsel. Robert Mueller is a special counsel, and neither he nor the  GAO would be affected if this amendment became law.   Let me just suggest, Mr. Chair, that if people in this town are  interested in ending this situation that we have going on, I would  suggest that maybe the President of the United States call up Mr.  Mueller, go and clear the air, tell the truth, say what he has to say,  and let's move on as a country.   For those reasons, I oppose the amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I will brief.   I want to lend my support. I think this is a good amendment, a  positive  [[Page H4972]]  amendment. Things are moving so quickly in society, we need as much  expertise as possible.   So I thank the gentleman from California and urge an ``aye'' vote on  this amendment.   