 Mr. President, I want to thank my dear colleague from  Iowa. He is one of the greatest Senators I have served with. He is just  a wonderful friend and a wonderful Senator. He has worked his tail off  the whole time he has been here. I am grateful for his kind words. It  means a great deal to me.    Thank you so much.    Mr. President, I thank my dear colleague for his kind  remarks. I didn't expect them. I didn't realize this was going on until  a few minutes ago. So I am grateful to him. Thanks for that.    Mr. President, I just can't express my gratitude for the  kindness of my dear friend from Pennsylvania. This means so much to me.  I didn't even realize it was going to happen. I hustled over here, and  there it was.   I say to the Senator, I am grateful to you, and I am grateful for the  kind remarks you have made. I couldn't have asked for more. It was so  decent of you, as you always exhibit. You are a great Senator, and I  really appreciate your support here today. Thank you so much.    Mr. President, I am grateful to my colleagues and  especially my colleague from Louisiana for his kind remarks on the  floor of the U.S. Senate. It means so much to me. I want him to know  that.   I want the others to realize how much I appreciated their taking time  to come to the floor and expressing their opinions about my service in  the Senate.   This is a difficult thing for me because I love the Senate. I love  both sides. I love my Democratic colleagues. It is no secret that I  have worked with both of them to bring great legislation to the floor  of the Senate and to pass it.   I have to say to the colleagues on my side, there isn't one of them I  don't respect. Every one of them I have great fondness and affection  for. I sure appreciate the Senator from Louisiana and the others who  have spoken here today.   I am genuinely touched by the kind words and thoughts from my  respected colleagues, Senators Grassley, Portman, Toomey, and of course  Cassidy. I say to them, you are all dear friends, excellent Senators,  and I am very grateful for your comments. More than that, I am deeply  grateful for your friendship and the impact your dedication and  patriotism have had on me. Of course, that also holds true for all  members of the Finance Committee with whom I have had the honor and  privilege of serving.   Recently, in the Finance Committee, we passed comprehensive tax  reform, a 10-year CHIP extension, saw a health insurance protection  extension, a critical 5-year extension of the highway trust fund, and  TPA, along with several other trade bills. I can say with great  confidence that most of these accomplishments would not have borne  fruit without help from each of the Senators and many of our friends on  the committee.   Today marks one of the last times I will have the opportunity of  standing before the Senate to speak on my work within the Finance  Committee's vast jurisdiction and, of course, the fights and victories  I have been a part of.   While we may not have been able to close on many of these  achievements until recently, they have all been built on hard work that  I, other members of the committee, and the wider Senate have engaged in  over the past few decades.   For example, earlier this year, I was very happy to see a 10-year  reauthorization of the Children's Health Insurance Program, or CHIP.  Ten years, that is the longest CHIP extension in the history of the  program, and I am grateful to my colleagues for it. It is a program  that provides insurance to over 9 million children in distress a year.   Creating CHIP was a bipartisan model of success. Senator Ted Kennedy  and I were only able to pass CHIP the first time because we both were  willing to cross the aisle to see this program succeed. This bipartisan  work ethic extended to many pieces of legislation I worked on while on  the Finance Committee.   In 2015, we were able to renew Trade Promotion Authority, which is  one of the most important tools Congress has that allows us to work  hand in hand with the executive branch to advance our Nation's trade  agenda. TPA helps to ensure our trade agreements are held to the  highest standard.    Not every piece of legislation I am proud of has gone through without  a fight, though. We can't forget last winter, when I was so proud to be  a part of shaping the historic tax reform legislation that is boosting  economic growth today, lowering unemployment today, and spurring job  creation today. We worked hard in the Finance Committee to fix the  broken Tax Code and, by all accounts, it appears we did a pretty good  job.   This legislation was built on years and years of work in the Finance  Committee, and I am very appreciative of my colleagues. I led the  creation of working groups, released opinion papers and  recommendations, and held 70 hearings on how to improve the Tax Code  since I became the top Republican on the Finance Committee.  [[Page S7117]]    As part of tax reform, we were also able to repeal the individual  mandate tax, which forced Americans to buy health insurance they did  not want or could not afford.   These are just a few of the accomplishments I have been privileged  enough to shepherd through during my service, and they are darn few  compared to what we have been able to do. While I am proud of these  accomplishments, there is always more to be done, which is why, in  addition to thanking all my friends, colleagues and mentors throughout  the years, I would like to share some parting words of advice that I  have picked up through my work on the Finance Committee, and other  committees, for those who will remain in this Chamber.   I see these next few years as critical to the future of our country,  to the future of our ideals, and to the future of freedom not only here  but throughout the world. As such, I have a few suggestions I would  like to make to my colleagues.   First, be earnest, be honest, and guard at all times your integrity.  If we cannot take the time to think deeply about an issue, to reason it  out, and speak honestly among ourselves and our constituents, it will  be impossible to enact lasting and meaningful change.   To quote my good friend Senator Kennedy, ``Integrity is the lifeblood  of democracy. Deceit is a poison in its veins.''   That means sometimes, often when it is least convenient, we must  speak the hard truths. That process will often lead to discord, falling  short, or struggling for years to fix vexing problems or disagreements.  As Winston Churchill once famously said, ``You have enemies? Good. That  means you stood up for something, sometime in your life.''   So have courage and act.   Second, if you don't care who gets the credit, you will be amazed at  what you can achieve. In politics, that can be a hard sentiment to  swallow, but focusing on taking the credit more often than not  undermines outcomes. Most of the pieces of legislation I am most proud  of had dozens of cosponsors, were widely seen as bipartisan, and have  remained on the books largely because I did not get everything I  wanted.   An article of my faith is, ``If there is anything virtuous, lovely,  or of good report or praiseworthy, we seek after these things.''   That article speaks only to the results and not at all about taking  the credit. The more I learned to focus on that principle, the better  off I have been.   Finally, be grateful, be kind, and be quick to forgive. At the end of  the day, my friends, we are all people, and people often disagree. Our  differences may be as innumerable as our similarities, but if we start  with the premise that every Member's intent is to improve our country  and the life of its citizens, then our disagreements are logistical,  not personal.   I have always truly believed that just about every Member of this  body wants to do the right thing for the American people, but they  sometimes want to go about it in different ways. What we must never do  is question a fellow Senator's dedication to their country; we must  never question their dedication to democracy; and we should never  disparage them personally when each of us has given so much.   Our job in Congress is the difficult task of aggregating disparate  preferences and molding them into laws to make people's lives better.  That leads to what many describe as sausage making. The process  generates heated debates and sometimes rancor. Yet I have no doubt  about the convictions to do good on the part of all of my esteemed  colleagues on the Finance Committee and in Congress in general. I have  no doubt about how sincere and convicted my good colleagues really are.  I have enjoyed everyone here.   I have to say that if you work hard and you study hard and you open  your mind to the other person's ideas and ideals and you are willing to  make some changes that accommodate others and you are willing to  realize that you don't have all the answers, then you can have a great  time here, you can be very successful and, in the end, be able to  retire, as I am, feeling like I have done good work here.   I love my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I respect my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I love this country with every  fiber of my being. I love the Constitution, which gives us freedoms  that we all take so much for granted throughout this country. I am  grateful for honest, decent people like all of the Senators whom I have  served with in the U.S. Senate, both now and in the past. I am grateful  for the Senate rules.   I am grateful a little, scrawny U.S. Senator from Utah could lead a  fight against an outrageous labor bill that everybody knew was wrong  and actually win it on the floor of the Senate because of just guts and  the ability to stand here and take the abuse. Labor law reform  dramatically changed this country, nearly ruined our country, without  really helping the unions.   I was raised in the union movement. I actually held the union card I  earned through apprenticeship, my journeyman's license. I am proud of  that. I am proud of my union friends, but when you try to take unfair  advantage, somebody has to stop it, and I am grateful I was given that  assignment early on with this matter, with 62 Democrats and only 38  Republicans. I can still remember a number of Democratic Senators  coming up to me and saying: Hey, kid--because I was still pretty young  then--hey, kid, you have to win this. This is bad for the country.   And I asked them: Are you going to help me?   And more often than not they would say: Well, I can't help you, but I  am with you.   There was a lot of pressure. There was a lot of effort made to try  and stop men and women from doing what was right. If we had not won on  labor law reform, we would have gone straight to socialism, and it  would have been the end of this great country. We have come close a few  other times as well.   This is, without question, the greatest country in the world. Without  question, this is the greatest deliberative body in the world. Without  question, I acknowledge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle as  tremendous statesmen and women who really have been here for the right  reasons. I am grateful I have had the opportunity of serving in this  body, and I am grateful for the 42 years I have put in. I can't say I  have enjoyed every one of those years, but looking back on it, I think  I have to say that I have really enjoyed being here.   I love my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I respect my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I want this body to continue on  and be successful for America, not only for America but for the rest of  the world because this is where freedom really exists. This is where  freedom can be maintained. This is where freedom can be felt in your  guts. I felt it. I know a lot about freedom. I know a lot about the  U.S. Senate. I know a lot about my colleagues and the good things about  them. I am going to remember the good things; I am not going to  remember things that used to irritate me or wrangle me. There weren't  many of those compared to the good nature and quality of my colleagues  on both sides of the aisle.   I am grateful for this body. I am going to miss it terribly. I think  there comes a time when you really ought to hang it up, not because I  can't do this work anymore--I sure can--but because I worked hard to  get a worthy successor, and Mitt Romney is going to be that. He is an  outstanding human being. He is an honest, decent, morally upright human  being. I think he will work hard and be a great asset to the U.S.  Senate. He will not have the seniority I have as the most senior  Republican in the U.S. Senate, but he has a lot of things going for  him, and I suspect he will make a great addition to the U.S. Senate.  Knowing that he was willing to run, having chatted with him and talking  to him about running, I feel really decent about wrapping it up and  saying not goodbye, but I will be watching. I will be praying for you.  I will be doing everything in my power to support both Houses of  Congress in this, the greatest country in the world, with the greatest  set of legal principles the world has ever known and I think with the  greatest people we have ever known.   So with that, I express my gratitude to the U.S. Senate, to my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle, both presently in the Senate and  those who have gone on to other worlds. I personally express gratitude  to everyone here because virtually everyone has shown me great favor  and great kindness.  [[Page S7118]]    When I came here, I came here to fight Senator Kennedy because I  thought he was too liberal and that he was not a good Senator. I don't  think he had passed really any legislation when I got here. I don't  think he did until I became chairman of the committee, but he was a  great legislator, and he did have an awful lot to say on his side. I  think he would be the first, if he were alive today, to say we finally  talked it out together, decided to work together, decided to accomplish  things together, decided to stand together. When we were in battles,  they were really hard-fought battles, but they were battles on  principle, for the most part.   I have to say I am grateful for the experiences I have had in the  Senate with virtually every Senator who has been in the Senate. In all  of my years of being here, I have to say I have love for every one of  the Senators who has served here. There are a couple I have less love  for, but by and large I even have love for them.   These folks in this Senate are really good people. They care about  the country. They care about trying to do what is right. They are  willing to fight for their principles, and they can be worked with. I  challenge my colleagues to work together with the best interests of  this country. If you will, this country is going to go on and be a  very, very happy, prosperous, and successful country.   I will end by saying I am so grateful for the privilege of being in  this body for 42 years and knowing all of you, including our clerical  workers, our stenographers, and, of course, the Parliamentarians,  Secretaries, and all of the people affiliated with the U.S. Senate. No  wonder it is the greatest deliberative body in the world.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, the Finance Committee has worked with the  Treasury Department to ensure proper responsiveness to committee  inquiries. We are continuing to review these matters to determine what  further oversight is required.  [[Page S7129]]        