 Mr. President, I want to start by thanking the Senator  from Colorado, who has shown real leadership on the subcommittee that  involves all of these matters regarding the Indo-Pacific region, and he  is here on the floor to talk about a series of other measures that are  in place.   None of us here will be in Taipei tomorrow to attend the ceremony,  but we all want to take this opportunity to applaud the opening of the  American Institute in Taiwan and its new compound. This building will  be so much more than just new office space. It will serve as a tangible  symbol of the strong and enduring friendship between the United States  and Taiwan, which is a democracy and is a strong ally of this country.   Taiwan is not just an important economic and security partner. As I  have said already, it is a very vibrant democracy. It has a prosperous  free enterprise economy. Frankly, it is a shining example of what we  hope the rest of the Indo-Pacific region will become and continue to  be.   The opening of this new office comes at a critical time when both the  United States and Taiwan face major challenges that are posed by the  Communist Party of China, which governs that country. Under the  Communist Party, Beijing has increased its efforts to undermine and  erode U.S. interests, even as it moves to isolate Taiwan on the  international stage. For example, the Chinese Government has  successfully blocked Taiwan's meaningful participation in many  international organizations, such as the World Health Organization.   Unfortunately, here in our own hemisphere, they have been successful  in pressuring certain nations to cut their diplomatic ties with Taiwan  and, instead, create new ones with Beijing.   By the way, that is not Taiwan's position, but it is Beijing that  makes you choose. You can either have relations with them or Taiwan-- but not with both.   The latest, by the way, is the Dominican Republic, not far from our  coast, where, in exchange for billions of dollars of assurances, they  made that change. They will deny it, but you will see the billions  coming in. These billions of dollars sound like a really good deal  until you realize they bring their workers from China, and it is all a  one-way street. It is all there to benefit China. Look around the world  at all of the countries that have taken all of this money, 5 years, 3  years later; they are terrible deals with terrible terms that are good  for China but bad for the country that took the money. But in this  particular case, they were successful, and they are going to continue  to chip away at those countries. About a year before, Panama had cut  their ties with Taiwan.   What China has made very clear is that their intention is to continue  to both pressure and entice--I say ``entice,'' but probably the right  word is ``bribe''--additional countries to do the exact same thing. And  they do it, as I said, with the promise of investments and loans.   I encourage these countries and everyone who is listening and cares  about these issues to go and look at the history of these loans, these  enticements, and these investments. You will see how bad they  ultimately are for the country that helps them. They all come with  troubling strings attached.   The Chinese Government, by the way, has even been successful in  bullying American companies when it comes to Taiwan--or other topics,  for that matter, that they deem too sensitive for the Communist Party.  Perhaps the most recent, outrageous example is an American, working in  America--not in China, in America--for an American company, Marriott  Hotels, was fired from his job because he accidentally liked a tweet  that said something about Taiwan and Tibet being independent of China.   Imagine that you work for a company, and you go online. You  accidentally retweet something--or like it--and you get fired because  China goes to Marriott and says: We will cut you off from doing  business if you don't get rid of this guy. They fired an American, in  the United States. If you think the things China is doing are things  that are happening halfway around the world with Taiwan--they are  happening to Americans right here.   A few weeks ago, one of the clothing stores put out a T-shirt, and on  this T-shirt it had a map of China, but it didn't include Taiwan. They  had to apologize for that and call back all of the T-shirts or they  were going to get kicked out.   An American airline, United Airlines, was told that unless they  changed their website so that it no longer referred to Taiwan as an  independent country, they would be punished.   They are intimidating American businesses in the United States  because of Taiwan and other issues the Communist Party finds  unacceptable.   For far too long this aggression has gone unchecked. China must not  be allowed to continue to interfere any further in Taiwan's relations  or standing with the rest of the world.   Earlier this year, I, along with numerous colleagues, passed a law  that the President has signed. It is called the Taiwan Travel Act. It  encourages high-level visits between American officials and their  Taiwanese counterparts. I hope the administration will move quickly to  begin implementing this and send high-level officials, including  Cabinet-level officials, to Taipei to meet with their counterparts  there.   Our friendship with Taiwan is based on our shared ideals and the  common vision of an Asia that is prosperous, peaceful, and free. The  United States must, should, and, I hope, will continue to stand by  Taiwan, irrespective of any pressure that others, including the  Communist Party of China, may bring to bear on this relationship.   I yield the floor.   