 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Louisiana for  allowing me to say a few words, and I thank you, Mr. President, for  doing the same.   Hopefully, today works out better than the last 131 days have, in  that hopefully today a bipartisan group of Senators will be able to put  forth a budget agreement that will be long term.   I thank them because as part of that--although it isn't done yet so  we don't want to get the cart too far ahead of the horse--there is  funding for community health centers in this agreement.   Funding for community health centers has become a top priority for  me, and it became that because of my visits to community health centers  around the State, from Bullhook in Havre to RiverStone in Billings, to  the Southwest Montana Community Health Center in Butte, to Partnership  Health Center in Helena and Missoula, and the list goes on. These  health centers provide incredibly affordable and efficient healthcare  to people across Montana. So I am incredibly pleased to work with the  leadership in this body and get a deep deal for community healthcare  centers across this country, including Montana's 17 community health  centers.   I would say 2 years is a good start, but there happens to be 19  bipartisan cosponsors on a bill called the CHIME Act, which would  reauthorize community health center funding for 5 years. That is where  we really need to be. I am not complaining about the 2 years. I think  it is important that we keep these folks going, and 2 years is  certainly better than where we are now, but, really, we don't look with  much vision in this body, and it is not visionary to say we are going  to give a 5-year funding mechanism to our community health centers, but  that is what we need to do today. We need to give the community health  centers the long-term predictability they deserve.   In Montana, these centers are the backbone of much of our healthcare  delivery system. They provide affordable access to care, keeping our  communities and families healthy. Let me give you a little example of  how important these are.   Community health centers alone provide over 10 percent of the  healthcare for the people of the State of Montana. It is where they go  to get care, and 85 percent of those folks are low income. These are  folks who probably wouldn't  [[Page S681]]  be able to get healthcare without the community health center there,  and 20,000 of them are children. Montana is a big State geographically,  with not a lot of folks. Oftentimes folks have to travel a long way,  under the best of conditions, to see a doctor. If we didn't do this  funding mechanism that we hope happens today or tomorrow, we would see  these folks traveling hundreds of more miles to see a doctor because  oftentimes this is the only healthcare facility close to them.   Although the news we have heard today so far seems to be positive on  our budget, it doesn't change the fact that Congress should have acted  on this 131 days ago. A solution should have been passed when our  fiscal year ended at the end of September. It speaks to the dysfunction  of this body. Our basic job is to put forth a funding mechanism, known  as a budget, that will provide basic healthcare that will fund  community health centers and CHIP--not use them as political pawns-- fund them, give people certainty, give our military certainty, give our  security folks certainty, and not continue governing from crisis to  crisis with continuing resolution after continuing resolution. I have  seen firsthand the destruction these short-term budgets have had on  health clinics, veterans, and small business.   I just had a group of school board folks in my office yesterday who  talked about Impact Aid. These are schools that serve our military and  Native Americans. They said these CRs were limiting the possibility for  payments for Impact Aid schools.   We have heard from our military leaders about how the short-term CR  is wasting taxpayer dollars and hurting our military readiness. At a  time when men and women from this great country are stationed around  the world, we need to give them certainty. They need to know we are  doing our job as they do their jobs in incredibly difficult conditions.   So, for 131 days, too many Americans have been living with  uncertainty as a direct result of dysfunction in Congress. This  agreement is a step in the right direction, and I am very pleased to  see progress on a budget because 131 days is too long.   Let's get this fixed, and over the coming weeks, I will be more than  happy to sit down with Republicans, Democrats, and Independents who are  willing to roll up their sleeves and work to give this country, small  businesses, and working families predictability through a longer term  budget so they can move forward and be all they hope to be in the  greatest country in the world.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   