 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Utah. Let me just  say that during a televised, bipartisan meeting recently at the White  House, the President suggested that we might be more collegial around  here, more efficient in Congress, if we would just bring back earmarks.  The reaction from the lawmakers present was decidedly mixed. Some  cheered that declaration, but most of us, I have to say, recoiled at  the thought.   As someone who served in Congress during the gluttonous earmarking  era, when pork was used regularly to buy and sell Congressmen's votes,  I can tell you firsthand this is an idea that nobody ought to be  laughing at or embracing. Amidst public corruption investigations and a  constant stream of embarrassing headlines about sweetheart deals for  family and friends, Congress was forced to place a moratorium on  earmarks about 7 or 8 years ago.   Earmarking does not improve the legislative process. In fact, it  compromises Members into ignoring unethical behavior and voting for bad  bills that they would otherwise oppose. Remember, ObamaCare was  approved with just a single vote being secured with an earmark--the one  that was derided as the ``Cornhusker kickback.'' Likewise, when  Senators receive earmarks, they are agreeing to support hundreds of  other earmarks stuffed into an appropriations bill.   When people say the appropriations process would be a lot smoother,  would work a lot better with earmarks, I would respond by saying that  there was a period of about 10 years when earmarks really hit the high  point, in 1994 or 1995 through 2006. I served in the House from 2001 to  2012, and during that time we had earmarks for part of the time and  went without earmarks part of the time. And 2005, I think everybody  recognizes, was the high point--or the low point, if you want to put it  that way. There were a total of 16,000 earmarks spread across 12  appropriations bills and 1 authorization bill, worth about $30 billion.   One would think that if we had that much to grease the skids in  Washington, we should have been able to pass all appropriations  measures and move through the process. We would have a more collegial,  compliant body. During that time, in 2005--I just checked--we passed  only five appropriations bills in the House--only five. We ended up  with an omnibus bill, and that was when Republicans controlled the  House, the Senate, and the White House.   So this notion that we have to have earmarks, and if we just get back  to earmarks then this place will run smoothly and we will get through  the appropriations bills--with 16,000 earmarks, worth about $30  billion, only five appropriations bills were approved.   We all remember too well the indoor rain forest in Iowa, the teapot  museum in North Carolina, and, of course, the bridge to nowhere in  Alaska. When a challenge was made to that infamous bridge and other  pork projects, not-so-veiled threats were leveled at Senators and  Members of Congress who dared question their colleagues' projects.   We simply cannot go back to that time.   I remember well during that time one particular episode when we were  all in HC-5 of the House basement. It was during the appropriations  season, and all of a sudden one Member ran into the room just  breathless. He had the list--the list from the Appropriations  Committee--as to who was getting the earmarks and who wasn't. It was  largely a staff-driven process. But then everybody would--the thing  was, we have to get these earmarks; we have to go announce them quickly  in the House before the Senators take credit for them. That was the  atmosphere at that time. That was not a high point. That is not  something we want to return to.   I was looking at some of what I said in the House at that time and  some of what I quoted when we were trying to get rid of them in 2009.  At that time, The Hill newspaper had reported that a prominent lobbying  firm was the subject of a Federal investigation into potentially  corrupt political contributions. It had given $3.4 million in political  contributions to no less than 284 Members of Congress.   There were lobbying shops that were set up for that purpose--simply  to be at the intersection of earmarks and policy.   The Hill also reported on February 10, 2009, that this firm, which  specialized in obtaining earmarks in the defense budget for a long list  of clients was ``recently raided by the FBI.''   The New York Times noted that the same lobbyist for that firm ``set  up shop at the busy intersection between political fundraising and  taxpayer spending, directing tens of millions of dollars in  contributions to lawmakers while steering hundreds of millions of  dollars in earmark contracts back to his clients.''   This is a process that simply is too tough to police when it gets  this way.   During my time in the House, over a series of a number of years, I  went to the House floor literally hundreds of times to challenge  individual earmarks in these spending projects. For those who think  that you can go and challenge these earmarks and have somebody say  ``Yes, all right, I didn't want to spend money on that teapot museum  anyway; that is a bad idea,'' that rarely happened. In the hundreds of  times I went to the floor to challenge earmark spending, there was only  one vote that I won--only one in hundreds of times. That is because the  process of logrolling takes over, where one Member will say: I will  protect your earmark if you protect mine. It was more likely that I  would get 30, 40, 50 votes, and if I was challenging a popular  appropriator, I would get even fewer because nobody wanted to challenge  them because their own earmarks would be threatened.    This is not a process that we want to go back to. This is not  something that we should be proud of in our history. Several of our  colleagues ended up in jail. One of them actually had an earmark bribe  menu printed, in hand, on his congressional letterhead which read: If  you want an earmark for this much, here is what it will cost you, under  the table. He ended up doing time in prison. Not every Member did that,  obviously, but it is a process that is too difficult to control.   Here is the worst part about earmarks generally. Some will say that  it is just a fraction of spending; it is just a couple of percentage  points off the Federal budget, which is true. But the problem is, once  you get back into earmarking, the Appropriations Committee spends an  inordinate amount of time--the majority of its time--focusing on that 1  or 2 percentage points of the funding and gives up its oversight  responsibilities on the other 98 percent of the budget.   We simply don't do the oversight that we should be doing on the  Federal agencies and how they spend this money. That is the worst part  of earmarking--that we simply give up oversight. Yes, we pay a lot of  attention to that 1 or 2 percent of funding, but we give up oversight  on the rest, effectively.   So I hope we don't go there. That is why I am introducing bipartisan  legislation, joined by my colleague from Utah, to permanently ban all  congressional earmarking. Senators McCaskill, Toomey, McCain, Lee,  Portman, Johnson, Rubio, Ernst, Fischer, and Sasse are all on as  cosponsors. I hope that when this is brought to the floor, it passes,  and we don't go back to this practice of earmarking.   I turn back to my colleague from Utah to hear what other thoughts he  has on the subject.    Well, I thank the Senator from Utah. One of the things I  fear most is that we are having a tough enough time controlling  spending.   Dr. Coburn, who served in the House--I admired his time there. He  went after earmarks and after a lot of these appropriations, and he did  the same thing when he came to the Senate until the last day he was  here. He had a saying. He said: ``Earmarks are the gateway drug to . .  . spending addiction.''   What he meant by that is if you give an earmark in an appropriations  bill, some people will say ``Well, it is just an earmark for a couple  of million dollars for a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame''--that was  actually one. The problem is, once you get your earmark there, you are  obligated to support that entire bill, no matter how ballooned it  becomes.   During the period, particularly in 2001 to 2006, boy, we bloated up a  lot of appropriations bills. We were running basically at almost a  surplus in 2001, and by the time we got to 2006, it was anything but,  and nondefense discretionary spending and defense spending related to  earmarks increased significantly. It just was not a good trend.   So what I fear most is that we have been able to have some control on  nondefense discretionary spending, and the growth of that has been  slower than other things, but once you start getting earmarks in these  bills, then you will be obligated to support them no matter what. Then  you support bloated appropriations bills just to protect your earmark.  The process of logrolling takes effect--I protect yours if you protect  mine.   That is one thing I fear.   I turn it back to the Senator from Utah.   