 Mr. President, I will be very brief. The first thing I  want to do is to thank Senators Alexander and Collins for trying to  work very hard to solve a problem that we can fix. There are a lot of  things about healthcare that I don't see us fixing between now and  tomorrow. This is not one of them. Healthcare is very complex. It is  one-fifth of the economy. I think there is a better way to do  healthcare than ObamaCare. Most Republicans want to replace it. Most  Democrats want to repair it.   We are not talking about that. We are talking about an island of  agreement that will matter between now and October--what Senator  Alexander and Murray came up with. You had bipartisan support. There  are two provisions that allow flexibility in terms of the 1332  regulations and to continue payments to make sure that person who makes  too much for a subsidy but not enough to be self-sufficient when it  comes to healthcare gets a little bit of help. That is the plumber and  the other people that Senator Alexander described.   President Obama took care of these people through Executive action.  That has been found to be unconstitutional by our courts.  Legislatively, we are trying to continue this program to help somebody  whose premiums are going  [[Page S1907]]  through the roof but who are not eligible for the statutory subsidies  and create a new level of help that will keep their premiums from  skyrocketing and actually decrease their premiums in October by 40  percent.   There are a lot of things we can agree on, and there are a lot of  things we can accomplish when it comes to healthcare, but this is not  one of them. I can only imagine how these two Senators feel.   Senator Collins, working with Senator Nelson from Florida, added a  third provision to the Alexander-Murray concept that makes eminent  sense. I doubt if there is one Governor in the country who would oppose  what Senator Collins is trying to do--to allow States to petition for  Federal funding to help the States deal with the sickest people in that  State by coming up with innovative, high-risk pools and allowing States  to experiment with what works best for the sickest people in their  State by accessing Federal funding. You can't spend it on roads and  bridges, but you can use it for the high-risk population, the people  who drive the most cost. I doubt if there is any Governor in the  country who would say that this is a bad idea.   Senator Nelson thinks it is a good idea. Our most conservative  Members in the House think it is a good idea. We have taken Alexander- Murray and added a third component that I think is an excellent idea.  When you combine the three things, you can lower the cost by 40 percent  for that self-insured person who makes over $45,000 and lower their  premiums by 40 percent by October.   It matters a lot to the people described, and there are millions of  these people who will not get a 40-percent reduction. They are going to  get a 10-percent or a 20-percent increase, and already they are paying  about 25 to 30 percent of their income just for healthcare. It is mind- boggling that we are where we are.   I will just add this and turn it over to Senator Rounds. How did we  get here? I think the desire to control the House and take back the  Senate is overwhelmingly good policy. Somebody on the other side  believes that if we can block this proposal--the Collins-Nelson- proposal, the Alexander-Murray proposal--if we can keep that from  becoming law, these premium increases that are surely to come will fall  upon the Republican Party and will give us yet another tool to take  back the House and regain the majority in the Senate. The reason I say  that is because I have come to believe that there is no other  explanation, and that is sad. That to me is a real dropping of the  Democratic Party in terms of the role they play around here.   We work together where we can. Sometimes we are wrong; sometimes they  are right. Sometimes it is the other way around. But this is the one  occasion where we seem to have been right up until now.   Why is it not in the omnibus bill? Because of Democratic objections.  Last Saturday, we spent an hour on the phone with the President of the  United States--Senator Collins, Senator Alexander, myself, and  Congressman Walden--talking about this proposal, about how it would  lower premiums, how it is good policy, and how this is the right way to  continue to help the people in question. At the end of the hour  discussion, the President said: Count me in. I want to help. I agree to  the concept. What would you like me to do?   It never crossed our minds to call a Democrat. Our concern was the  House. We needed the President to call Speaker Ryan. Senator McConnell  was enthusiastic for this. We honestly believed that the problem would  be in the House, with our Freedom Caucus friends. We asked the  President to call the Speaker of the House, and Kevin McCarthy, and he  did. The Speaker told him: We are for it.   I thought: home run.   Between last Saturday and now, what happened is that Nancy Pelosi,  the minority leader in the House, and Senate Democrats have objected to  this proposal, and the rationale is abortion. The language that is in  law is exactly the same language that would apply to this legislation.  The Stupak language applying to the Affordable Care Act, dealing with  Federal funds and abortion, is still the law of the land. But under the  omnibus approach, we are going to run the subsidies through the Labor- HHS bill, where Hyde protection would apply--no more, no less than any  other Federal dollar dealing with healthcare.   Senator Alexander has done a very good service to the body. In the  bill that we will vote on soon, there are over 100 applications of the  Hyde language to healthcare spending at the Federal level. Apparently,  these dollars don't make the cut. Why? They know that if we don't get  this relief in March, in October premiums are going to go up, and they  are literally making up a phony excuse based on Hyde protections. The  reason I know it is phony is that, if they really believe what they are  saying about Hyde language, they wouldn't vote for this bill at all  because every other Federal dollar runs through the same system we are  proposing this go through. If you really cared about the abortion issue  the way you claim, you could not support this bill or any other piece  of legislation that has been around since 1976.   Clearly, the Hyde problem is not much of a problem when it comes to  every other Federal healthcare dollar. It is only a problem here. The  only reason it is a problem here is that you don't want us, as  Republicans, working with you to fix a problem that needs to be fixed  because you are thinking of October in terms of your political future.  You are not thinking of October in terms of people.   Here is what I hope happens to you. I hope you lose votes. We have  our problems on our side. We will probably pay a price come November  about some of the things we have done wrong. All I can say to my  Democratic colleagues is this: The reason you are stopping this  provision from becoming law is that you think it gives you a political  advantage in November because of premium increases in October. This is  exactly why the American people hate politics so much.   I want to be on record in March as being a Member of the Senate who  works with the other side when I can, surrounded by people on my side  of the aisle who are historically seen as centrists when it comes to  trying to solve problems. There is nobody on this floor who has a  reputation of being an ideologue. Senator Collins is a pro-choice  Republican, and she is OK with sending these dollars through Hyde  protections because they have been around so long. Lisa Murkowski is a  pro-choice Republican. She was with us yesterday, saying that she is  dumbfounded about this argument about abortion.    So play the tape later on. When the premiums go up 10 to 20 percent  for hard-working people and there is a debate about why that happened,  I want somebody to play this tape, because we have 24 hours to stop  that.   Every expert who has looked at this says the following: If you do  Alexander-Murray-Collins-Nelson, you will prevent a premium increase of  10 to 20 percent, and you will lower premiums in the next couple of  years by up to 40 percent. I don't know what the day is. It is some day  in March, but I have lost track of what day it is. Yet I am here to  say, when that debate comes about in October, I want you to play this  tape. We had a chance today to fix this problem, and the only reason we  are not going to do it is due to our Democratic colleagues' decision to  play politics with this issue rather than to solve the problem.   The President of the United States is for this. The majority leader  of the U.S. Senate is for this. The Speaker of the House is for this.  Every Republican leader is for this. The Senators on the floor who work  with Democrats are for this. We are urging our colleagues, before it is  too late, to change their minds and get this into an omnibus in a  fashion so as to lower premiums, not to sit on the sidelines and watch  them go up. So, when the debate happens in October, play this tape.   I yield the floor.   