 Mr. President, for Montanans, nothing beats getting  outside and getting outdoors for hunting, fishing, skiing, backpacking,  snowmobiling, you name it. It is our way of life in Montana. That is  why I am excited to announce that June is National Great Outdoors  Month.   The outdoor life in Montana has a very special meaning for me. I grew  up fishing, hunting, hiking, and skiing, in fact, all over the State of  Montana. In fact, in July of 1986, I proposed to my sweet wife Cindy  after we hiked to the top of Hyalite Peak, just south of Bozeman. It is  a peak a little over 10,000 feet. Seven and a half miles from the  trailhead to the top and back was a long 15-mile day, and I am grateful  she said yes.   In fact, during the summer, I spend a lot of time backpacking in the  Beartooths with our family. We bring along our mini Australian  shepherds and bear spray. It is good practice.   In Montana, outdoor recreation isn't just our way of life; it is also  our economy. In fact, outdoor recreation directly supports some 71,000  Montana jobs and generates $2.2 billion in wages and salaries and an  estimate of over $7 billion in consumer spending.   We see it every summer, every winter, and now every shoulder season  that people from around the Nation and around the world come to visit  America's great outdoors, but in Montana, it is all right here, in our  very own backyard. Whether it is hiking in Glacier, fly fishing in the  Gallatin, Jefferson, Madison, Stillwater, Yellowstone, Missouri, the  Big Horn, or skiing in places like Big Mountain, Red Lodge, Bridger, or  Big Sky, or floating in whitewater float trips, we are lucky to have  all of that right at our fingertips.   That is why it is important to recognize the value of the outdoors  during National Great Outdoors Month. I think, when you spend time  outdoors, you are not only experiencing Montana's great outdoors, but  you are giving back to our local economy and creating jobs. For our  young people, getting them outside, off their phones, and out into the  wilderness is a good thing.   I encourage everybody to recognize National Great Outdoors Month by  joining me in getting away from the TV, away from the phones, and  getting outside--get out there and experience all that the outdoors has  to offer.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be  in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs be discharged from  further consideration of S. 2385 and the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration.    Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the  Schatz amendment, which is at the desk, be considered and agreed to;  that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed;  and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding the passage of H.R. 5895 and the adoption of amendment  No. 2910 to H.R. 5895, previously agreed to amendments Nos. 2920 and  2999 be considered as having been agreed to following the adoption of  amendment No. 3066 and that the instruction line for amendment No. 2920  be modified with the changes at the desk.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m.,  Wednesday, June 27; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the  morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved  to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later  in the day, and morning business be closed. Finally, I ask that  following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the motion  to proceed to H.R. 2, with all postcloture time being expired.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order.   There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:12 p.m., adjourned until  Wednesday, June 27, 2018, at 10 a.m.   