 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, we are now 4 months into the fiscal year and this is our  fourth continuing resolution. The gentleman says now is the time to  work things out. Every Democrat voted to extend the fiscal year by 90  days. Nothing was worked out. Why? Because you spent all your time on a  tax bill giving 83 percent of the resources to the richest people in  America.   Republicans control all the levers of the legislative process: the  House, the Senate, the White House. They have the votes on their own to  keep the government open or choose to shut it down, as they did by  policy some years ago for 16 days.   We don't want to shut down the government. Keeping the government  open by passing appropriations bills is the most basic responsibility  of any governing majority. This governing majority has not sent a  single--not one--appropriation bill to the President of the United  States, not one.   Republicans ought to have gotten this work done in the spring and  summer, but they wasted their time trying to repeal the Affordable Care  Act. That is all they did.   After failing to do so, they asked for more time in September, and we  voted, every one of us, to give them that time. They squandered it.  They had to do two more extensions. They squandered that time, and now  they want us to have another time where they can squander more time.   Instead of using the extra time to do the job of governing, they  wasted it on passing a tax overhaul that added $1.5 trillion in new  deficit spending and raised taxes on the middle class. So here we are  again, Mr. Speaker.   Americans are right to be frustrated by the inability or  unwillingness of the Republican-led Congress to do its job and keep the  government open.   You have 241 votes. Get them. Get them. You have the authority to do  it, and you have the responsibility to do it. Get the votes.   Even some Republican lawmakers are openly expressing frustration with  their own leadership. Let me quote Representative Mark Meadows. He hit  the nail on the head yesterday when he asked: ``What's the plan? When  are we going to deal with immigration?''   The previous speaker talked about dealing with it. We haven't dealt  with it. Put something on the floor. You haven't done it.   ``When are we going to deal with spending?'' This is Mark Meadows.  ``At what point do you quit kicking the can down the road''--this is  Mark Meadows, Republican, not me--``and passing just another continuing  resolution in hopes that things get better in a few weeks?''   Democrats don't want the government to shut down.    We don't have the power to shut it down either. It is  entirely in the hands of the majority.   By the way, on that previous CR, 90 of your Members voted against it.  Did they vote against the military? Did they vote against the first  responders? Did they vote against education funding?   And we wring our hands about the military funding. Do you think it is  any easier to run a nondefense agency with a CR? You are wrong if you  think that. They undermine our domestic agencies as well, and I hope  that they are equally worried about the impact that doing one short- term funding bill after another has on the domestic side.   Americans are frustrated that their Congress can't agree on what we  agree on.   Republicans have previously supported the principles of parity when  raising spending caps. That was the Paul Ryan deal. He is the Speaker.  He said, yes, we will increase military and domestic the same. That was  his deal, Paul Ryan, the Speaker.   That is all we are asking for, ``Paul Ryan, make your deal again,''  and he won't do it. Instead, he just wants to keep kicking the can down  the road once, twice, thrice, now four times.   Yes, we want, as the previous speaker said, all DREAMers to stay in  this country. We all want to reauthorize the CHIP program to prevent 9  million children from losing their health insurance. I dare you to put  it on the floor. It will pass with every vote in this House. No, you  want to blackmail us into passing something that we don't like and we  don't think is good for the country.     Mr. Speaker, we want to address other urgent health  priorities as well. You want to pass CHIP, but you do not want to pass  the community health centers. My colleague Betty McCollum told us about  that. Many CHIP children will have no place to go--you pass the bill,  but no place to go. So why don't Republicans sit down and reach  agreement?   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues across the aisle, don't shut down  the government. I implore them. Use your majority not to delay but to  govern. And I tell them, Democrats are still ready to work with you, as  we have  [[Page H528]]  been throughout, to sit down and reach bipartisan compromise on our  most pressing challenges. We voted to give you 120 days to do that; now  you want some more time.   You come to the door and ask for some cake, and your neighbor says,  ``Come back tomorrow,'' and you come back tomorrow and you ask for the  same thing, and he says, ``Come back tomorrow,'' and you go back the  next day, and he says the same thing, ``Come back tomorrow.'' That is  what the Republicans are saying, ``come back tomorrow,'' ``come back  tomorrow,'' ``come back tomorrow,'' but there has been no tomorrow.   Vote against this CR.   