 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am discouraged to come to the floor today as we  squander the valuable time of this body arguing over a pointless  resolution that will accomplish nothing for the people of America,  whether it is accepted or rejected--nothing.   Let's be clear about what this resolution does and does not do.   We are not arguing today over whether this body will or will not  adopt a tax on carbon emissions. This resolution, and I am quoting,  expresses the sense of Congress about a carbon tax.   So what we are trying to achieve, apparently, this morning is a  discussion of the mood of Congress. Well, we should hold some hearings  about the mood of Congress, because I would submit that it is not a  very pleasant time to be working on Capitol Hill. Nothing in this  exercise is going to have anything to do with a carbon tax. This is  better suited to a high school debate than it is to the United States  House of Representatives.   There are plenty of people across the country who need real help and  real action from this Congress. Every day, American families, people  far from this building, far from this city, are struggling with real  problems and real challenges.   They feel their standard of living has not improved. They want to  feel some security, security that their jobs will stick around--how  about holding some hearings on pensions?--security that they can count  on health insurance, security that one day they will be able to retire  with dignity, security that they will be able to launch their kids into  a successful and happy life.   So, on this Thursday morning, the Republican leadership has brought  up a sense of the mood of Congress on carbon. We could choose to bring  forward legislation that actually would help American families today.  We could help them meet many of the challenges that they have. Instead,  we are using our precious remaining legislative days to hold an amateur  hour on a debate about something that is not going to happen.   This is a vacuous gesture, empty in every form. It is a political  stunt. It is not worthy of the time or the attention of this body.  [[Page H6564]]    When I go home and talk to my constituents and my neighbors, they  want to hear what I, along with the Members of this Chamber, intend to  do to ensure that their hard work still translates into a decent life.   Something around us is clearly out of step. There is a growing  anxiety around the country that is bigger than our political  differences and divide. It is a building sense that, at some point when  we all perhaps were not looking, the system became stacked against  ordinary people; the rules changed, and hard work isn't enough any  longer to guarantee that you can make it in America.    The unemployment rate, for sure, is low, but 65 percent of Americans  worry about having enough money to pay their bills. Yes, we can say  this morning that downward pressure on wages, essentially, has kept  those wages flat for the American people despite the fact that the  unemployment rate is advertised at about 4 percent. One in five  Americans has more credit card debt than emergency savings. Less than  40 percent of the people in this country have enough savings to cover a  $1,000 emergency room visit or, for that matter, car repair.   It is plain to see in my own district. We have seen the challenges  that the people back in western Massachusetts face every single day.  Despite the talk of growth in the stock market--which, by the way, has  been going up since October of 2009--their salaries have barely moved.   Home prices have gone up by 9 percent in our market last year. A  gallon of gas costs 28 percent more than last year. Electricity bills  in Massachusetts are up 21 percent over last year. Childcare, saving  for college, and, again, retirement and pensions, healthcare premiums-- Mr. Speaker, people are having trouble keeping up. Teachers have to  pick up jobs waiting on tables or driving for Uber. Families need to  juggle multiple jobs just to get by.   But today's economy, apparently, isn't hard on the top 1 percent in  America. Last year, the average bonus on Wall Street--and listen to  this number, average--$185,000. It rose 17 percent after our Republican  colleagues passed their tax bill last year. That is three times what  most American families bring home in an entire year.   It seems like things used to be easier. Do you know why? Because they  were easier. Americans born in the 1940s had a 92 percent chance of  earning a higher income than their parents had at age 30. Those born in  the 1980s have a 50 percent chance of doing so. The tax bill that  Republicans passed last year, without a single hearing in all of 51  days--and not, incidentally, with one Democratic vote--will make things  substantially worse for these families.   People don't really need to hear these statistics. Intuitively, they  know what has happened. Three out of four Americans are not confident  that their children will grow up to be better off than they were, and  they have every right to be worried.   Healthcare used to be easier to afford. The new Republican tax law  raised premiums by 15 percent and weakened protections for millions of  Americans with preexisting conditions.   Then Republicans wanted to slash $500 billion out of the Medicare  program so that many of our family members who depend on it will be  even more challenged.   What have families gotten from the Republicans on healthcare? Higher  deductibles, higher costs, and plans that cover much less.   The cost of a 4-year degree at a public college has doubled since  1996. The basic ticket into the middle class is out of reach for too  many of our young people today. The ones who do manage to scrape by far  too often accumulate debt that makes homeownership or starting a family  a long way off.   Other family budget essentials just keep climbing, too. As I noted,  gas prices are up 27 percent from last year. Childcare costs rose for  the fifth year in a row. This year, a week of infant childcare at a  daycare center is $211.   Mr. Speaker, there are concrete actions that we might take right here  in this Chamber to support these families. We could spend today working  on college affordability. How about some pension hearings to talk about  what is happening in the central States as well as the challenges that  retirement faces for the American family? And how do we help more  people afford that first home or help their parents, once again,  prepare for a secure retirement?   We are nearly out of time to get things done in this Congress. We are  down to less than 25 legislative days before the midterm elections. If  we plan to do anything about the pressing issues facing Americans, this  is the time to step it up. But, instead of trying to broker solutions  or offer ideas, the Republican leadership has opted to hold a shadow  debate.   It doesn't matter how this vote turns out. Let me repeat that. It  doesn't matter how this vote turns out. The outcome is going to be  identical. Nothing on this issue will change because of what we are  doing this morning. Nothing will change.   That contentment with the status quo may be fine for my Republican  colleagues, but it is not going to help the families whom I represent.  In fact, it pretty much reinforces their doubts about the very work of  Congress.   Listen, if you want to debate a carbon tax, let's hold some hearings.  Let's hold some discussions about a carbon tax. Let's find out what it  would mean for the economy. We might use that moment to test what  offshore drilling does for oil as part of the carbon tax discussion or  for the families in western Massachusetts. Let's find out what impact  it would have on fossil fuel emissions and economic growth. Let's think  strategically about how it might affect our geopolitics. If you want to  have this debate, then let's have a real debate through hearings in the  regular order.   This resolution is really meaningless. The outcome will be nothing,  no matter what the final vote turns out to be. It is a waste of all of  our time this morning, and we ought to be devoting that time to meeting  the challenges that the American people expect us to meet.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Thompson), a very important member of the Ways and  Means Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I wonder what the Farm Bureau says about the  tariffs on agricultural products across the country.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr.  Larson), my neighbor and good friend, a well-informed member of the  Ways and Means Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I don't think anybody was demeaning the work  that people do, on this side. I think we were talking about the  challenging nature of our economy. I don't think the gentleman would  dispute the fact that the gig economy has created a downward pressure  on wages.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr.  Danny K. Davis), the voice of Chicago and a well-known and well- regarded member of the Ways and Means Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Judy Chu), a very knowledgeable woman from the Ways and  Means Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Doggett), a well-regarded member of the Ways and Means Committee.  We are certain he will add clarity to this debate.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I want to compliment the previous speaker, my friend, Mr. Shimkus, on  the notion of process, calling up the notion of process.   So here we have had a debate where we have sparred for the better  part of an hour, and we are debating a topic on which there have been  no hearings.   Now, let me guess. This is consistent with how the tax bill was done  in, incidentally, 51 days, without a hearing or without a witness.   So we are being asked to vote on something today, here, on which  there has been no opportunity to place the magnifying glass of critical  scrutiny on the proposal that is in front of us because, the truth is,  what is in front of us is a question about the mood of Congress.   I think all 435 of us could testify to what the mood of Congress is  right now, so I don't think it would be one of the more challenging  events that we would confront.   But the idea that this is brought in front of the Congress without  any opportunity for anybody to examine the underlying legislation and  the thrust of what the regular order might impel contributes to the  frustration that the American people feel about the institution and its  priorities.   So as we have wrapped up this debate over a piece of legislation that  will accomplish zip, zero, nothing, it literally does not matter how  the vote turns out because the sole purpose of this resolution is to  express, once again, the mood of Congress.   I am happy to express the mood of Congress any time that they want,  happy to have a hearing on the mood of Congress if that is what they  think might get us to a more sound proposal of energy independence, the  use of renewables. But no, instead they bring up a piece of legislation  here that is going to test how we feel about things this morning.   I think that the mood we should focus on is the mood of the American  people. The people I talk to are under stress. They are tired. They are  exhausted from working one, two jobs. Labor participation rates at 62.9  percent, 2 million people with opioid addictions, I wonder what their  mood is as they listen to the discussion that we have had here on this  floor.   They are anxious about their future. They are feeling squeezed  because, for years now, the economy has been leaving them a little bit  further behind. And I say that about wage growth.   Wages have flatlined for the better part of almost 13 years in  America. And now, even as we see some glimmer of hope, the truth is the  cost of gasoline and the cost of inflation is going to stagnate their  wages again.   So paychecks have been stuck at the same level, and all the things  that families need to get by have been getting more and more expensive.  Housing, healthcare, college, childcare, utilities, those bills keep  growing, but the salaries somehow don't keep up.   Why don't we have a hearing about the mood of people who have not  seen any real wage increases--then we would get a better flavor for the  debate that we are having today--rather than the mood of Congress on a  piece of legislation that has had no hearings and no vetting?   So what about a hearing on the mood of our retirement system?   What about a hearing on the mood of a child's education?   Why don't we begin to talk about some of those issues? Why don't we  just have some hearings on some of these issues?   Young people are going tens of thousands of dollars into student loan  debt just to try to get a decent start in life. What about their mood?   Seniors are seeing their fixed incomes stretched until they break,  forcing far too many to choose between paying for their prescription  drugs and their groceries. Let's have a hearing on their mood.    Parents cope with high childcare costs that can eat up most of their  paycheck, but the small margin that is left over is important to keep  that family going. Let's have a hearing about their mood.   The people I talk to, they are not asking for too much. Their  expectations for their families aren't out of line. Nobody is asking  for a handout. They are asking for a hand up for opportunity.   Everybody is working hard, but people feel like they are running as  fast as they can up the down escalator. Let's have a hearing on how  they feel about those costs.   It takes us an unreasonable amount of effort to stay in exactly the  same place. Getting ahead feels more challenging and more difficult all  the time.   Last December, Republicans passed a catastrophic tax bill that gave  away $2.3 trillion over 10 years--without a hearing, without a  witness--in 51 days. What about the mood of the American people as they  examine it? And we have seen the mood in public polling.   The legislation we have today could have offered some relief to low-  and middle-income families, but Republicans chose to leave them out in  the cold. In fact, it did so little for the average family that their  cuts won't begin to keep up with the rise in healthcare premiums or,  for that matter, gasoline prices at the pump.   Instead, the tax bill heaped giveaways on people who are already  completely comfortable and thriving--more concentrated wealth.   The people who elected us sent us here to do a job on their behalf,  and we ought to take into consideration their mood. They have hired us  to get things done for them, and we all take, I hope, that  responsibility seriously.   Our activity today has been unworthy of the trust they have placed in  us. It has really been a hoax. They have just wasted all this time  arguing over a sense of Congress about a carbon tax and the mood of  Congress. I could have told them what the mood was here; they just have  to ask me.   This is going to be a pointless vote, meaningless in stature, and  there will be no outcome whatsoever. This is political theater. It is  not governing like responsible Representatives.   I urge my colleagues in the majority to focus this body on  accomplishing things in the future that really might help people who  sent us here to do precisely that.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   