 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that after my  remarks, the Senator from Rhode Island, Mr. Whitehouse, be recognized,  and after that, the Senator from Arizona be recognized.    Mr. President, we like to do this because on mornings  like this, when we are supposed to be going back and forth between  Democrats and Republicans, that is the proper way to do it, and this  locks it in.   It is really interesting because I have been through every shutdown  in the last 30 years. I was in the House for 8 years and in the Senate  for 22 years. Every other time there has been some question--there  could be a little bit of blame on the Democrats and a little bit of  blame on the Republicans, and the finger pointing goes on. That has  always happened, until this time. This is the first time there can be  no question, if you want to say whose fault it is.   I suggest that the aids that were being used with the picture of the  ``Trump Shutdown'' were printed up long before last night even took  place. This is the first time there can be no question. If you want to  play the blame game, it is the Democrats in this case. I think it was  planned that way. I am not in their heads, but there has to be some  reason that all this came along on the first anniversary of this  Presidency.   I can't find anyone in the Nation right now who is saying that there  is some question as to whose fault this is, even the New York Times.  You have to keep in mind--just use logic--there was one vote that  caused this, one vote. Ninety percent of the Democrats voted in that  one vote last night to shut down the government. Ninety percent of the  Republicans voted to keep the government open. It was done in a  premeditated way, I have to say, because all of this was planned out.  They thought that maybe this would have a good ring to people; they can  say the ``Trump Shutdown.'' People have to remember, this happened  because of one vote, and that one vote was almost unanimous-- Republicans versus Democrats.   That is not why I wanted to talk. In listening to all the things that  just happened--I think we are sympathetic to all these things. I think  most of the reasons stated for shutting down the government by the  Schumer group last night had to do with DACA.   Let me tell you, I don't know of one Republican serving in the U.S.  Senate who isn't very sympathetic to the kids, particularly those who  had no voice in it. They were here not by their own choice. They didn't  personally violate any laws. We want to take care of them, and we are  going to take care of them, and our President wants to take care of  them. But that seems to be an issue--if they can convince people that  this is all put together by Trump to hurt little kids, then that is the  only thing they have to hang their hats on.   I suggest my very good friend--I do have a very good friend from  Rhode Island who already has his picture of Trump up, so we are going  to hear more and more of that all day long, until we finally get the  government opened up, probably on Monday. We are sorry it happened that  way, but it was one vote that caused it. That is behind us now.   I agree with the things that were said by each of the Republican  Members on the problems that come with this shutdown. Even if it gets  opened early--and I think it will be over, maybe by Monday; I am not  really sure. I suspect that. But I have had the privilege in the past  of being the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, and that  is the area that really concerns me the most.   I have been critical of the last administration, the Obama  administration, and what has happened to the military. They had a  policy, and it is a stated policy, and all the Democrats agreed with  it. It said that you can't put any money into sequestration for the  military unless you put an equal amount of money in for social programs  or for nondefense programs. That is saying that defending America is  not the No. 1 concern, not the No. 1 priority of what we are supposed  to be doing here.   As bad as it has become over the last 8 years in terms of our  ability--the fact that we are overworking our kids, the fact that our  maintenance is down--all of those things are bad. But for this to  happen right now, at this time, when we are in the middle of arguably  two, maybe even three wars, and our defense has gone through a  starvation diet--yesterday Secretary Mattis was very clear. At the time  he said this, he was begging for it not to happen; he was hoping it  wouldn't happen, but he said that a shutdown would have a ``terrible  impact'' on the 2 million men and women and their families who serve in  our military--a ``terrible impact.''   There are approximately 200,000 troops currently deployed who are now  doing their jobs without pay as a result of this. Secretary Mattis said  that all maintenance operations for the military will cease as long as  there is a shutdown.   When you go through starvation, as we did over the 8 years of the  previous administration, the first thing that is hit is always  maintenance because that is not obvious. Maintenance and modernization  are the two things you can starve without the public being aware of it,  and that is what happened. Just look at our F-18s that the Marines are  using; 62 percent of them can't be flown now because they have not been  properly maintained. We are going through this problem already, and it  is going to be exacerbated by the fact that we are closing things down,  shutting things down.   I have gotten over the part in terms of whose fault it is. I know  they are going to desperately try to sound as though the President  doesn't like kids and all of that. But the bottom line is, there was a  vote; it was a partisan shutdown.   Secretary Mattis talked about the maintenance operations for the  military that were just starting back up and are going to have to cease  for as long as the shutdown exists. That is all maintenance.    In Oklahoma, we especially know what is important to our civilian  workforce. By the way, in a shutdown, the civilian workforce is going  to be out of business. They are going to be gone for that period of  time.   Tinker Air Force Base is the depot that performs maintenance and  overhauls our planes. They are going to be shut down. We have another  one in McAlester, OK. It is not known as much as some of the others,  but it is the largest Army depot in the country. It has all civilian  employees. We have one uniformed officer in the depot in McAlester, OK,  and that is the commander. All the rest are civilian employees. They  are gone. They are the ones who are off work. Half of the civilian  workforce will be sent home, and those projects will be halted. The  impact will ripple for weeks and potentially months beyond the  shutdown. Once we open back up, there will be a high cost of catching  back up and getting things back on schedule.   Secretary Mattis said that the shutdown will also shutter critical  overseas intelligence activities until funding is restored. That is  something I was not that familiar with until he came out with this  statement.   Of course, we looked at the threats we are faced with in America. I  don't think anyone can keep a straight face and not admit that we are  in the most threatened position we have ever been as a nation. There is  a country, North Korea, that is run by someone who is totally  unpredictable. That is what all of our military people say. On November  28, he sent a missile that had the range of reaching Washington, DC,  and anyplace in the continental United States. That is a different kind  of threat.   If you think about the old Cold War, that was a threat. It is nothing  like what we are facing today. We had two superpowers. We knew what  they had; they knew what we had. It was all predictable because  mutually assured destruction actually meant nothing at that time--means  nothing today.   So this is what we are facing now. We have to recognize that we are  in a threatened position. Many Democrats have long claimed support for  the military, but when the rubber meets the road, they have the problem  that was established when President Obama was  [[Page S366]]  President; that is, we are not going to do anything to rebuild the  military unless we put an equal amount of money into the nondefense  programs. Every single Democrat went along with the President. That is  how we got into this mess.   Now we are faced with the fact that we are not giving the right  resources. Sometimes I tell people: Up until 1964, we were spending  half of all the revenues that came into the Federal Government on  defending America. That is what we were supposed to be doing. It was  always over 50 percent of the revenues.   Do you know what it is now? It is 15 percent. We are devoting only 15  percent of our total revenues to defending America. We have gotten into  this position over a period of time, and it is now at the point where  we have really serious problems that need to be addressed. Our Army  brigade teams right now are very lethal--still very effective--but only  30 percent of them are able to get out and do battle, as it is right  now. In our Air Force squadron, we have a shortage of pilots. We are  1,500 pilots short; 1,300 of them are fighting pilots. While they are  willing to do it--we will always have enough who will go on overtime,  do whatever is necessary to get out there; nonetheless, the equipment  is not properly maintained. The Navy is the most stressed it has been  in the history of the Navy and the Marine Corps. That is where we are  right now, and that is why, if there is one thing that shouldn't happen  during this time in our history, it is a shutdown.   I think about my State of Oklahoma. We have 663 Oklahoma Army and  National Guard soldiers who will be sent home from a planned training.  I was there when they planned the training. I was there to send them  off. And, of course, that will be put on hold.   It is not just Oklahoma. Over 100,000 National Guardsmen are being  sent home around the country right now because of this shutdown. Our  Reserve forces--National Guard, all of them--are going through this  problem. As we face the threats from North Korea, Iran, Islamic  extremists, and Russia aggression, not to mention our severe readiness  crisis, we can't afford the negative effects of a shutdown.   I believe this is going to be over with. I am not sure how. I am not  in the leadership. Others are going to make the decision. But I can say  that the Senate Democrats know all of this is true, and they know now  that America knows. If you look at the editorials around the country,  they know that it is being used because--legitimately, it is called the  Democratic shutdown.   We are going to try to get it corrected. I have talked with several  of my Democratic friends, and hopefully that will happen in a very  short period of time.   My concern, of course, is for the military. I think that we will be  able to get this thing done. I want to say it one more time. On the  DACA issue, I don't know of one Republican in the U.S. Senate who isn't  just as sympathetic as any Democrat in the U.S. Senate in terms of  these individuals. The kids had nothing to do with the problem they  find themselves in right now.   In the meantime, let's get this over with, rebuild our military, and  become what I see is happening now that wasn't happening before--that  we will once again assert America as the leader of the free world.   With that, I yield the floor.    Will the Senator yield?    There is an old document nobody reads anymore, and it is  called the Constitution. If you look at that, it talks about what we  are supposed to be doing here. The priorities are defending America and  then they called it--transportation infrastructure. I would say this:  We are a great team when we do that. We couldn't have had the  successes--I could not have had the successes as the chairman of that  committee without you on my side, making sure we are doing what we are  supposed to be doing here in taking care of our infrastructure. Right  now, we are looking at an opportunity in this administration to do the  same thing.   I will say right now--and predict--it is going to end up with you and  a closely knit group of liberal Democrats and conservative Republicans  working together to make America great in terms of our infrastructure.   