 Mr. Chairman, I proudly rise today to support  the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. There are a lot of important  policies in this bill that I worked on, but the main thing I am glad to  see included is that we accomplished this bill as a long-term bill, a  5-year authorization.   Passing long-term bills is something that the chairman has remained  committed to during his leadership on the committee and is a policy I  strongly support. Unfortunately, we don't see enough of that in  Congress that much anymore.   One of the big highlights of the bill is the long-overdue reforms to  the FAA certification process, and the committee has developed  bipartisan reforms that are going to streamline the FAA certification.   Mr. Chairman, I had previously worked on the precursor reforms to  this process with the passage of the bill, the Small Airplane  Revitalization Act, back in 2013, and I look forward to seeing the  benefits of these reforms be applied more broadly to the aviation  manufacturing community as certification reform provisions contained in  the FAA bill go into effect.   Additionally, there are a lot of policies that we worked on, that I  worked on, in the underlying bill. And just to run through those  quickly: expansion of the State block grant authority from 10 to 20  States; allowing greater testing of replacement fuels for AvGas;  restoring the ``all makes and models'' certificate to experimental  category  [[Page H3597]]  aircraft; extending aircraft registration from 3 to 10 years, which I  might point out, it currently takes the FAA at least a month to process  paperwork to register or re-register an aircraft.   We also asked the FAA to resolve disputes between approved airshows  and major sporting events that require flight restrictions.   We also worked on an important policy to prevent the local and State  governments from targeting certain industries for discriminatory taxes,  like the rental car industry.   And finally, we correct a poorly written guidance document which  hurts folks who are pursuing aircraft construction projects. FAA wanted  to restrict aircraft construction projects from individuals' hangars  unless it was in the final stages by claiming it was not the  ``aeronautical use'' of a hangar, which makes absolutely no sense and,  clearly, this decision was not made with the understanding of how these  projects work. This needs to be corrected.   In closing, Mr. Chairman, I have been a pilot, a professional pilot  for virtually my entire life, and I have been interacting with people  in the aviation community for more than two decades now. I understand  the issues that face the industry.   When we talk about FAA reauthorization, I think about ensuring all  those who rely on our aviation system can continue flying safely,  securely, and freely. America has always been a leader and pioneer when  it comes to aviation since the days of the Wright Brothers, and I want  to ensure that continues. To do so, we have to continue to look for  opportunities to incorporate technology into our infrastructure  network.   I look forward to further advancing these goals in other areas of  transportation as the committee works on an infrastructure bill later  this year.   Mr. Chairman, I strongly support this bill, and I urge my colleagues  to do the same.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for his  work on putting together a long-term bill.   Mr. Chairman, one of the priorities which was included in the  manager's amendment is a program to invest in our small airports.   As part of the increased investment in transportation programs that  was provided in the fiscal year 2018 omnibus, we provided an additional  $1 billion to the FAA in discretionary grants to small airports. Now  airports across the country are going to have the opportunity to  compete for additional dollars to carry out the larger projects.   We also have some very important accountability measures. As such, we  are asking to review all the FAA's efforts to date on NextGen. This is  pure and simple accountability to ensure our tax dollars are being  spent to execute the important goals of NextGen.   Mr. Chairman, I ask all of my colleagues to support the manager's  amendment, obviously, and the underlying bill. This is a good bill.   