 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, Mr. Royce, for offering  this bill, or the opportunity to offer this bill. I would also like to  say I, too, support H.R. 535, the Taiwan Travel Act.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3320, a bill that directs the  Secretary of State to develop a strategy to regain observer status for  Taiwan in the World Health Organization. I would like to give  particular thanks to Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Engel, and Ranking  Member Sherman for supporting this bill and working with me to advance  it through the committee process.   Mr. Speaker, over the last few years, the People's Republic of China  has stepped up its campaign to marginalize Taiwan. Last year, Beijing  poached one of Taiwan's few remaining diplomatic partners, the Republic  of Panama. Beijing also successfully blocked Taiwan from participating  in a number of international organizations, including the World Health  Organization.   Taiwan's exclusion from the World Health Organization's annual  summit, the World Health Assembly, serves no purpose other than to  placate Beijing. The WHO exists to address shared transnational health  challenges, and Taiwan has proven, time and time again, that it is a  model contributor to world health.   Since 1996, Taiwan has invested over $6 billion in international  medical and humanitarian aid efforts impacting over 80 countries. It  has made significant financial contributions to The Global Fund to  Fight AIDS, Malaria and Tuberculosis. And as this bill finds, in 2014,  Taiwan responded to the Ebola crisis by donating $1 million and  providing over 100,000 sets of personal protective equipment.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman again for yielding more  time. I also recognize Congressmen Chabot and Connolly for being  cosponsors of this bill.   While Taiwan's contributions to global health deserves praise, its  isolation from international organizations and exclusion from the WHO  has proven dangerous, if not hazardous. During the 2002-2003 outbreak  of SARS, official WHO notifications and technical assistance were  either blocked or delayed, all while patients in Taiwan died and the  virus continued to spread. These diseases know no boundaries and, with  extensive transit and trade links, Taiwan's participation at the WHO is  essential.   Congress has long supported Taiwan's participation in international  organizations that do not require statehood, and this legislation will  continue this important work. My bill will ensure that the U.S.  diplomatic strategy to advocate for Taiwan's presence at the WHA, the  World Health Assembly, adapts to Beijing's increased efforts to box out  Taiwan.   Mr. Speaker, Taiwan is a benevolent actor on the international stage.  It deserves to keep that place it has earned. The next World Health  Assembly meeting will take place in May of this year. Passage of my  bill will be a timely opportunity for the House to recommit to  longstanding U.S. policies and to take a firm stand in the face of  Beijing's increasingly oppressive tactics.   I urge my colleagues to support Taiwan's participation in the WHO as  an observer by supporting this legislation. Again, I thank Chairman  Royce for the opportunity.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Mr. Garrett, for  organizing this on this important topic.   Today, we passed several bills about Iran. One was H. Res. 676,  calling out the Iranian regime to stop suppressing and oppressing their  citizens who just want those things that are innate to all human beings  on this planet, that we believe in as Americans, and that are those  inalienable rights that come from our Creator: life, liberty, and the  pursuit of happiness.   The Iranian people are staging legitimate protests to condemn the  Iranian regime for corruption of the economy and funding of terrorist  organizations while neglecting the basic needs of the Iranian citizens,  only to have their protests in opposition of the corruption by the  Iranian regime be shut down and crushed through unwarranted  bloodshedding and arrests.   If you look at the Iranian regime over the last 30 years since they  took control of Iran, it has been nothing but bloodshed and mayhem. And  if you look at the conflicts that we have been involved in in the  Middle East since the entry of Afghanistan and the Iraqi wars, if you  look at our servicemen and -women who have been harmed in those battles  or injured or died, 70 percent of those were caused by IEDs. Ninety  percent of those IEDs were supported and produced by the Iranian  regime.   The people of Iran stood up in 2009. The administration of the United  States at that time refused to back the Iranian people who wanted those  basic rights that we just talked about: freedoms and liberties.   Our Nation was founded on the idea that every individual is granted  three basic rights: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. And  again, we, as Americans, believe in these inalienable rights. I find it  appalling that the Iranian regime is using deadly force in order to  deny the Iranian people their basic freedoms.   We are in the 21st century in the world, and you see a clear divide:  the Western ideologies that believe in these God-given rights that we  have, and then you see the regimes and dictatorships around the world  that are suppressing the very innate abilities that we are all born  with. They are trying to suppress these innate abilities. By doing  that, they do it through intimidation, coercion, torture, death.   The leader of the IRGC came out in a statement, and it is in Ed  Royce's resolution that we voted on today, H. Res. 676, that said they  will investigate it, they will bring it to an end, and they will quash  these protests and it will be done with. So that is the intent of the  Iranian regime, to bring this to an end through force because they fear  free-thinking people.   We are so blessed in our country of having the ability to speak out,  to be able to protest peacefully, to assemble peacefully; and that is  something I think sometimes we, as Americans, take for granted. This is  something that all you have to do is look at what is going on around  the world to see a despotic regime that is afraid of empowering its  people.   The Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, must be recognized for  what he is: the dictator of an oppressive regime which once again  showed the world its true colors by its horrific response to the  peaceful and legitimate protests that began on December 28, that saw  thousands in prisons, with the leaders being threatened with death, and  over two dozen having been killed.   I want to send the message that we, the United States, support the  rights of those brave Iranians who are peacefully protesting the  oppressive Iranian regime; and they are peacefully protesting, again,  for the right to pursue life, liberty, and happiness.    Again, I want to thank Mr. Garrett for putting this on and thank him  for allowing me to participate.   