 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, yesterday the Senate Banking Committee  passed a very important piece of legislation out of the committee by a  unanimous vote. I am very pleased that this legislation, which I will  describe in a moment, received that sort of broad bipartisan support.   This is a bill I originally introduced with the senior Senator from  California, Mrs. Feinstein, to strengthen the review process of the  Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, which plays a  critical role in protecting our national security. The jurisdiction of  this Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States hasn't been  updated in more than 40 years, and bad actors like China continue to  exploit gaps in the process to acquire sensitive national security  know-how, as well as military and dual-use technology from U.S.  companies.   I want to be quick to say that this is not about labeling foreign  investment in the United States as bad. That is not true. Foreign  investment is by and large a very good thing. But when our laws are  being exploited to target cutting-edge, dual-use technology that has  national security applications, that is a matter of national security.  This is not about banning or labeling foreign investment as being bad.   I appreciate Chairman Crapo and the Banking Committee's bipartisan  work in advancing this narrowly tailored legislation to close the gaps  that I just mentioned and safeguard our national security because I  believe it is past time for us to do so. Every day we fail to pass this  set of reforms is a day we are putting our future in jeopardy.   We need to maintain a sense of urgency and realize that when we are  talking about CFIUS, or the Committee on Foreign Investment in the  United States, there is a much bigger issue at stake, and that is the  issue of competing global visions.   China makes no secret about the fact that Karl Marx is, in many ways,  its national hero. In fact, there was a weeklong celebration in China  earlier this month which included a mandatory study session, led by  President Xi, of Marx's famous work the Communist Manifesto.   Events like these in some ways show that China is a wolf in sheep's  clothing. When it tries to present itself as westernizing its economy  and becoming a friend to the global community of nations, China  conveniently ignores certain facts about its alternative development  model and state-controlled economy. It also tends to disguise and  downplay its overall geopolitical aims, to rewrite the rules of our  world order and recreate them in China's own Communist image.   Whether it is China's increasing belligerence in places like the  South China Sea, its crushing of internal political dissent, its  flagrant human rights violations, or its population controls, such as  the one-child policy, China has repeatedly shown itself as a power- hungry authoritarian, willing and able to violate the rights of its own  people, and dismissive and contemptuous of international norms.   I am not being hyperbolic. I am not exaggerating. This is just the  truth--the hard truth--in front of us, if we will look. So let's not  deceive ourselves otherwise. When China tries to just ``blend in''  internationally, let us be wary that its rosy rhetoric and misleading  narrative of cooperation are often camouflage for its true and more  troubling aims.   As we all know, right now, there are high-level negotiations ongoing  between the U.S. executive branch and Chinese Government officials on  the very important issue of international trade, but it is important to  remember that in the West, belief in free trade is almost axiomatic. In  democracies like ours, free trade is based on open markets, the free  flow of capital and information, as well as the rule of law.   China, on the other hand, honors none of those things. It doesn't  believe in open markets, it doesn't believe in the free flow of capital  of information, and it be doesn't believe in the rule of law. That  reality is why we need to approach these trade negotiations delicately.  We need to remain steely-eyed and make sure China isn't playing us for  fools.   Of course, we are well aware of the need to tread lightly when it  comes to trade. After decades of globalization, any overly broad limits  on Chinese investment in the United States could harm American  companies that need capital and customers to survive and grow. We need  to resist that temptation.   China is not just any old trading partner. Its enterprises are state-  [[Page S2847]]  backed, and there is no clear dividing line between the Communist Party  and what might otherwise be described as the private sector. There is  no distinction. This makes a real difference when it comes to Chinese  investments in U.S. companies that are at the cutting edge of  developing military dual-use technologies. It means there is a real  potential of industrial espionage because you can't separate private,  profit-making motives from the government's secret-stealing capacities  and proclivities, and this means that our national security is  vulnerable.   In its Made in China 2025 plan, the Chinese Government made clear its  intent to dominate technologies that will be essential down the road in  maintaining our economic and military prowess globally. I have a chart  here that I would like to display. It is an unclassified slide from one  of our intelligence agencies. They provided us an unclassified version  so that we could talk about it in public. Many of us on the Armed  Services Committee or the Intelligence Committee are privy to  classified briefings, but I believe it is important--and I am glad they  do too--that we talk about what we can in an open, transparent way so  that people can be alerted to what is at risk and what is actually  going on.   These are China's strategic goals. Comprehensive national power--they  see themselves as a rival to the United States, and they would  ultimately like to surpass us when it comes to national power. We know  that they believe their economic growth model must be innovation- driven; hence, their vacuuming up and relentless search for new,  cutting-edge technology, including their activities in places like  Silicon Valley, where they gobble up startup companies that have long- term potential to advance their economic and national power goals.  Obviously, they are also modernizing their military and becoming  increasingly belligerent in places like the South China Sea in the  process.   How does China achieve these strategic goals? Well, it has an  elaborate and sophisticated plan. The truth is, they are really not  being clandestine or secretive about this. They are pretty much telling  us what they are doing, and they are doing it quite well.   So their strategic goals include, obviously, their security services,  their intelligence community, their talent recruitment programs at  American academic institutions, where they hire talent back to China to  help them in this process. They create front companies that claim to be  non-Chinese related in order to transact business so that they don't  raise suspicion. They engage in an active program of mergers and  acquisitions of companies in the United States. They make significant  investments in science and technology, including some of the most  cutting-edge technologies, like quantum computing and artificial  intelligence. They are probably the worst offender in the world when it  comes to stealing through the cyber domain--cyber theft. They are very  creative in engaging in research partnerships. Joint ventures, one of  the gaps that the CFIUS legislation intends to plug, where they realize  that this is a gap in our current review process for foreign investment  and national security implications--they have done so through joint  ventures that aren't currently subject to that review, where they can  get access not only to the intellectual property but also to the know- how. In other words, they could steal blueprints and other intellectual  property, but they don't necessarily know how to make it all work-- where the secret sauce is--until they can get access to the know-how  through these joint ventures.    Then there are their nontraditional collectors. In other words,  civilians are used by their intelligence services to get information to  vacuum up data--scientific data, our data--that they may think are  important to their pursuit of national power, innovation, and economic  growth model, so they use a wide variety of nontraditional collectors  as well.   Of course, in the legal and regulatory environment, an American  company can't do business in China without basically turning over the  keys to the government. Again, there is no delineation between the  government and the private sector in China. All businesses have to  cooperate with the Chinese Government, and the Chinese Government  intermingles that information not only in pursuit of their economic  goals but also in pursuit of their military goals.   As I said, these technologies that they are acquiring and seeking to  acquire include artificial intelligence, robotics, quantum computing,  and 3D printing. The Chinese Government is spending $300 billion in  subsidies to supplant foreign technology suppliers like ours with  homegrown alternatives, and a core part of this 2025 plan is acquiring  intellectual property from the United States. China is not even trying  to hide it. They are advertising it, and they are doing it in plain  sight.   Those and related concerns are what prompted a bipartisan group of 27  Senators recently to write a letter to Secretary Mnuchin, Secretary  Ross, as well as Ambassador Lighthizer--the U.S. trade Representative.  They are all involved in the ongoing trade negotiations with China. In  that letter, we expressed concerns regarding China's targeting of our  technology.   As a report issued by the Pentagon recently pointed out, if left  unchecked, this targeting could degrade core technological advantages  of the U.S. military. Clearly, the Chinese Communist Party regards  these sensitive technologies as essential for China's military  modernization and is accelerating its efforts to acquire them by any  means necessary--stealing them, engaging in strategic investments, any  way they can do it--whether it is cyber theft, civil-military  integration policies, coercion through joint ventures with foreign  companies, targeted investment, or Chinese nationals exploiting access  to such technologies here in the United States.   The main point of our letter was not to criticize but to alert our  colleagues in the executive branch that there is no question that China  is actively seeking to surpass the United States both economically and  militarily and become the world's foremost superpower. It is pretty  obvious.   It is imperative, though, that neither the Federal Government nor  private U.S. companies aid or abet that effort either advertently or  inadvertently.   Let me conclude by saying that we should all support a peaceful,  balanced, and constructive relationship with China, but it has to be  realistic when it comes to China's aims and intentions, and it needs to  be informed, as well, by China's record of deception in the past.   When it comes to China, national security isn't just a pretext for  economic protectionism. I think ``national security'' is an abuse of  that label if it is used just as a pretext for protectionism. Like many  of our colleagues, I believe strongly in free trade, as I started out  saying in these remarks, but when national security and economic  concerns overlap--which they do--there should be no question but that  our national security comes first.   For those of us who serve on committees of jurisdiction involving  intelligence or national security, I assure you that the Chinese threat  is real, and certain dangers are already taking effect. We need to make  sure that not just the committees of jurisdiction understand this and  that we are working together with the executive branch when it comes to  maintaining this distinction--economic and military--and understand  that it is not just about trade; it is about our national security as  well. We need to be smart, well informed, and clear-eyed when it comes  to engaging with an aggressive China. Our inaction has had many  negative consequences, and we must aim to prevent any future ones.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain).    Mr. President, I move to table the motion to concur with  amendment.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the remaining  votes in the series be 10 minutes in length.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain).   