 Mr. President, as we know, last week President Trump  took what I believe is a historic first step in making America and the  whole world more safe, more stable, and more secure. I believe his  efforts to end North Korea's nuclear weapons program have already  produced tangible results. North Korea has suspended nuclear tests and  is dismantling a test facility. They have also committed to recovering  and sending home the remains of Americans killed during the Korean war.   Now the Trump administration is taking the next steps. The State  Department is hard at work on followup discussions. Secretary of State  Pompeo says he may personally return to North Korea before very long.   When we heard from President Trump about his trip to Singapore last  week, he was upbeat about the talks. He understands these followup  talks are going to be where the specifics really start to be discussed.  That is where, as they say, the rubber meets the road. I think the  talks have a very real opportunity for success. Success means an  agreement that is durable, enforceable, and verifiable. It means an  agreement that eliminates all nuclear weapons from North Korea and from  the entire Korean Peninsula--nothing less. So I am cautiously  optimistic about the talks.   President Trump has applied a program of maximum pressure, and that  has brought North Korea to the table. We had a hearing in the Foreign  Relations Committee, and the upload from the whole discussion was this:  Sanctions work.   The next stage of these negotiations is going to help us understand  whether now is the right time, whether the Kim regime is truly ready to  give up its nuclear weapons. If it is not ready, the pressure can  resume. The pressure can even be increased. The maximum-pressure  approach will ultimately work--if not today, then someday.   Meanwhile, the United States is in a very strong negotiating  position. We know that as a result of the efforts by President Trump  and the strong position we are in, it is something that not just we  know but North Korea knows as well. We know exactly what we need to  have happen in these talks and exactly what North Korea must do. We are  willing to walk away if an agreement falls short. That is how you win a  negotiation.   When President Obama negotiated with Iran over their nuclear program,  I think he lost sight of that important rule. He wanted a deal so badly  that what he was willing to accept was a bad deal. President Trump is a  negotiator, and I am confident that he is going to walk away if the  only deal to be had is one that is bad for the United States.   I am confident we can reach our goals of a nuclear-free North Korea-- today or at some point down the road. I remain very clear-eyed, as does  the President, about the possibilities, as well as the pitfalls, and I  think we should be clear-eyed and concerned.   The world remains a very dangerous place. Our adversaries, including  North Korea, are cunning, opportunistic, and aggressive. We need to be  sure we don't lose sight of whom we are dealing with. The Kim regime,  going back to his father and grandfather, has a history of appalling  attacks on their own people. They have shown no interest in the human  rights, political rights, or civil liberties of North Koreans. I think  history will judge this family very harshly.   All that said, making the world a safer place and doing what is best  for America means we have to deal with other countries as they are.  Sometimes it includes sitting down to negotiate with other countries  and other leaders who have a terrible record on human rights. The  United States must continue to do all we can to force hostile nations  back from the brink of war. We must encourage countries to embrace  democracy, to abide by the rule of law, and to support the freedoms and  rights of all people. As President Kennedy once said, ``Is not peace,  in the last analysis, basically a matter of human rights?''   The worst human rights violations imaginable would be a nuclear  explosion killing millions of people, some of them instantly, many of  them slowly and in agony. President Trump knows that is what these  negotiations are about, that the stakes are high, and that Mike Pompeo  is the right person for this difficult job. He understands the people  he is negotiating with, and he understands the facts on the ground.   During his confirmation hearing to be Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo  said an interesting thing about America's place in the world. He said:  ``If we don't lead for democracy, for prosperity, and for human rights  around the world, who will?'' I think it is clear that the Secretary of  State approaches these talks with a clear understanding of what  American leadership looks like. He also knows what American strength  looks like.   The President hit the ``pause'' button on military exercises  scheduled for later this year. He can just as easily restart those  exercises. We have 28,000 U.S. troops in South Korea. I have visited  some of them who are from my home State of Wyoming. The U.S. Navy is  still in the area; they remain ready at a moment's notice.   So America is going to be in a position of strength at every step of  these negotiations, whether it is economically, diplomatically,  politically, or militarily.   I was critical of President Obama's Iran deal because it was a bad  deal, not because ending Iran's nuclear program was a bad idea. I was  critical of the Iran deal because it gave up too much in return for too  little. It made permanent concessions for temporary return. I was  critical because it was done without the support of the American people  through their representatives in the Senate. I am confident that  President Trump will not make the same mistakes. President Trump has  given Kim Jong Un a taste--just a taste--of what it means to be  welcomed as one of the peaceful, civilized nations of the world. It is  up to Kim whether he wants to remain in this world or whether he wants  to return to being an isolated, backward, pariah state, as North Korea  has been for so long. It is up to Kim whether he wants to embrace  civilized norms of respecting human rights and the freedom of his  people. That is his decision to make.   As for the rest of us, we can remain hopeful while still being  skeptical. We cannot insist that the talks in North Korea must lead to  great breakthrough immediately. Nobody can make a promise like that,  and no one can expect that as the only standard for success. What we  can expect is that our President will always put the interests of the  American people first, whether he is negotiating with our allies or  with our adversaries. That is what the American people expect, and I  think all of us can rest assured that President Trump will keep that  promise.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   