 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, my friend from New  Jersey, for yielding to me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5272, the RESULTS Act,  and I urge my colleagues to support it.   This bill that I have coauthored with Congressman  Steve Stivers will  provide needed guidance to applicants seeking Federal funding to treat  or prevent mental health or substance use disorders. I thank the  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Stivers) for working with me in a bipartisan  way, and it shows when we work in a bipartisan way good things come out  of it.   This legislation builds on the important work we started with the  21st Century Cures Act. Cures created the National Mental Health and  Substance Use Policy Laboratory, often referred to as the Policy Lab,  with the goal of promoting evidence-based activities to prevent and  treat mental health and substance use disorders.   The RESULTS Act will help advance that goal. It directs the Policy  Lab to issue new guidance to applicants seeking Federal funding to  treat or prevent mental health or substance abuse disorders.   This guidance will ensure that those applying for Federal funds have  the information they need to implement evidence-based solutions to the  opioid crisis as well as the tools necessary to emulate successful  approaches in their communities. I urge my colleagues to support this  straightforward bill that will make it easier for those fighting the  opioid epidemic in our communities to implement solutions that work.  [[Page H5055]]    All of us know how necessary these solutions are. Take my district in  Westchester County, part of which I represent, 124 people died due to  opioids in the year 2016. In the Bronx, part of which I also represent,  more New Yorkers died of overdoses than in any other borough in New  York City.   So I am pleased that the House is taking bipartisan action to address  the opioid epidemic. But I am also concerned by the Trump  administration's announcement last week that they will urge the courts  to strike down the Affordable Care Act's provisions preventing  insurance companies from denying coverage or charging more for  preexisting conditions such as an opioid addiction.   This has to stop. This needs to stop. We can't have those proposals  if we are going to really attack and win in this opioid crisis.   The bipartisan actions we take this week and that we will take this  week are important, and I support all of them. But they will not occur  in a vacuum.   I urge my friends on the other side of the aisle to speak out and end  these kinds of attacks on affordable healthcare. Instead, let's work to  ensure our communities have the resources they need to turn the tide of  this epidemic and bring needed treatment to the men and women who are  fighting--literally--fighting for their lives.   I want to, again, thank Congressman Stivers for his hard work on this  bill, as well as Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Green, Chairman  Walden, and Ranking Member Pallone for their assistance in bringing it  to the floor today.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the RESULTS Act.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from New Jersey for  yielding, and I rise in strong support of H.R. 5329, the Poison Center  Network Enhancement Act.   I remember when I was a little boy, my mother used to have a poison  control number that she taped to the medicine chest so that, if there  was ever a tragedy or a problem, we could call the number quickly. This  is obviously along those same lines. That is why it is so important for  the American people to have this.   I want to thank Congresswoman Susan Brooks. I coauthored the bill  with her. I want to thank her for her hard work. It reauthorizes, for  an additional 5 years, as the gentlewoman just said, the nationwide  network of poison control centers, which are playing a critical role in  the fight to end the opioid crisis.   Our country's 55 poison centers are staffed by trained toxicologists,  pharmacists, physicians, and nurses who are available 24 hours a day, 7  days a week, 365 days a year, to provide real-time, lifesaving  assistance via a national toll-free number, which is 1-800-222-1222.   In 2016, someone in this country called the poison center roughly  every 12 seconds. So it shows you that it is being utilized and it  saves lives. More than 90 percent of those calls were due to a poison  exposure in someone's home. More than half of all cases involved  children under the age of 12.  [[Page H5059]]  That is why speedy access to poison centers is such an invaluable  resource and so important, especially for parents.   Poison centers are also saving hundreds of millions in Federal  dollars by helping to avoid the unnecessary use of medical services and  shortening the amount of time a person spends in the hospital, if  hospitalization due to poisoning becomes necessary.   It is clear that these centers are a smart public health investment,  but they are also an integral part of our response to the opioid  epidemic.   Since 2011, poison centers have handled nearly 200 cases per day in  this country involving opioid misuse. Data from poison centers has  helped detect trends in the epidemic, and experts have helped educate  Americans about the crisis and ways they could potentially save the  lives of their loved ones.   The Upstate New York Poison Center, for instance, used the New York  State Fair to educate New Yorkers about proper use of naloxone, the  overdose reversal drug. This bill would make sure that activities like  this can continue.   Mr. Speaker, I had the privilege of coauthoring the last poison  center reauthorization signed into law in 2014, and I am pleased to  have worked on this important bill.   Again, I want to thank Congresswoman Brooks for partnering with me on  this legislation, as well as Congresswoman DeGette and Congressman  Barton for being original cosponsors. Let me also thank Chairman  Burgess, Ranking Member Green, Chairman Walden, and Ranking Member  Pallone for their assistance in bringing this bill to the floor today.   As I mentioned earlier, in Westchester County, part of which I  represent, 124 people died due to opioids in 2016. In the Bronx, part  of which I also represent, more New Yorkers died of overdoses than in  any other borough of the city of New York.   We must do more to end this epidemic, and I am proud to see this  legislation moving forward as part of that effort, again, in a  bipartisan manner. I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   