 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Huizenga for his  work on this and so many other important things on the Financial  Services Committee and the Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment  Subcommittee.   I also want to begin by giving special thanks to Leader McCarthy for  providing time for consideration of the Options Markets Stability Act.  This legislation is very important to a number of stakeholders in  Illinois, but also to market stability as a whole and the investors who  depend on having access to reliable products.   I also do want to thank Chairman Hensarling and Ranking Member  Waters. Without their support, my legislation would not have received a  unanimous vote in the Financial Services Committee, and I am grateful  for their help; and my colleague, Bill Foster, as well, for his help.   Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act requires derivatives, including  options, to be centrally cleared in order to take advantage of the  risk-mitigating benefits.   Liquidity providers, many of which are in Illinois, can trade only  through a clearing member; they cannot access clearinghouses directly.  As a result, the role of clearing members and the amount of  transactions cleared by these institutions has expanded significantly.   The risk-based and leverage-based capital requirements for bank  clearing members makes it cost prohibitive to provide clearing services  for listed options. This is especially acute when there is higher than  expected volume.   Chicago Trading Company, one of the key liquidity providers for  listed options, wrote in a letter to the Treasury Department last  summer that: ``These requirements force banks to direct capital away  from the exchange-listed, centrally cleared options market, thereby  hindering our ability to provide liquidity and acting in direct  contravention of a core principle of post-crisis regulation:  strengthening exchange-based trading and central clearing, especially  for many derivatives that were previously traded on an over-the-counter  basis.''    The Options Markets Stability Act, as amended, requires Federal  banking regulators to more accurately measure counterparty risk by  adjusting the risk- and leverage-based capital rules, and requires them  to provide a report to Congress about these changes 5 years after they  go into effect.   While market participants have long expressed concern about the  current capital requirements for listed options, volatility in equity  markets earlier this year exposed the extent to which existing rules  are restricting liquidity when it is needed the most.   Volatility contributes to an increase in volume of listed options  because of an interest by market participants to hedge their positions.  However, the binding capital constraint under current rules makes it  cost prohibitive to centrally clear the increased volume of equity  options contracts demanded by the market.   The market-makers who provide liquidity for listed options are  indirectly constrained by the bank capital rules from fulfilling their  role in maintaining price stability.   Key financial regulators have underscored these issues. CFTC Chairman  Giancarlo noted in testimony before the House Appropriations Committee  that: ``We have some anecdotal information that shows that, during the  recent market volatility, the supplementary leverage ratio impacted  larger market-makers' ability to take on certain positions, thus  exacerbating market volatility. The SLR is not specifically mandated in  Title VII of Dodd-Frank, and it has had the opposite effect intended:  pushing trades away from central clearing.''   Chairman Powell has noted that the current exposure method generally  treats potential future credit exposures on derivatives as a fixed  percentage of the notional amount, which ignores whether a derivative  is margined and undervalues netting benefits.   The problem is that banking regulators are taking far too long to  actually address the issues in our derivatives markets. Our options  markets are encountering liquidity issues now because of the poorly  calibrated capital rules. Investors do not have the luxury of waiting  any longer on our bank regulators.   Finally, this legislation has a long list of supporters: Cboe Global  Markets, the Options Clearing Corporation, NASDAQ, NYSE, CME Group,  SIFMA, the Futures Industry Association, IMC, Chicago Trading Company,  TD Ameritrade, just to name a handful.   A vote in support of the Options Markets Stability Act is a vote in  support of listed options and central-clearing that is a cornerstone of  Dodd-Frank. It is a vote in support of maintaining options for  investors and their ability to manage risk in volatile markets.   