 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I wish to thank Senators Lee, Sanders,  and Murphy, as well as the other cosponsors of the resolution we are  debating, for their commitment to elevating this debate in the Senate.  I agree with my colleagues that this is an important debate with  significant implications. As the elected representatives of the  American people, we must serve as an effective check on the executive  branch, fulfill our commitments to protect the national security  interests of the United States, and be responsive to our constituents.   This debate is about how we best leverage the tools in our national  security toolbox, including military tools, to protect U.S. national  security. Although the resolution focuses on one particular element of  U.S. policy, limited military support--basically, refueling,  intelligence, and advice--to the Saudi coalition, I encourage my  colleagues to expand the aperture of this debate so we may call on the  administration to assert real leadership, diplomatic heft, and  nonmilitary resources to move the conflict in Yemen toward a political  tract.   As the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I  remind  [[Page S1809]]  my colleagues that it is this committee that has the jurisdiction over  the questions of use of force. I remind my colleagues that it was also  under my leadership as chair of this committee that it twice voted on  authorizations for the use of military force--once in 2013, in response  to the Assad regime's use of chemical weapons against the Syrian  people, and once in 2014, in response to the rapid rise and spread of  the Islamic State. I remind my colleagues of these two committee votes  to underscore my commitment to open debate, my willingness to take  tough votes, and my enduring commitment to a robust role for the  legislative branch of the U.S. Government in the use of force and  oversight of that force.   Now, I am pleased that Chairman Corker has agreed to hold a public  hearing with administration witnesses on the war in Yemen--I think a  hearing before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee is critically  important--to look at the U.S. military support to the Saudi coalition  and our overarching U.S. policy for resolving the war in Yemen. I  appreciate that the chairman has also made a commitment to a markup in  the committee in the near future on legislation that deals with the  question of Yemen, and I also welcome his commitment to markup an AUMF,  or an authorization for the use of military force, in the committee.  Those are significant and actually will go a long way toward an  informed process about how we deal with this challenge.   In considering S.J. Res. 54, I encourage my colleagues to assess the  best way to promote core U.S. security interests in the Middle East,  including pushing back on Iran's aggressive and destabilizing actions  across the region, countering terrorism, and ensuring the freedom of  navigation. To achieve these goals, our longstanding policy has been to  partner with the members of the Gulf Cooperation Council to promote the  security and stability of the Arabian Peninsula.   As we consider this resolution, we must fully grasp the situation on  the ground and the scope of attacks on one of our traditional security  partners. Saudi Arabia has endured Yemeni-originated attacks inside its  territory on a scale that no American would accept--ballistic and Scud  missile attacks aimed at major Saudi population centers, cross-border  attacks by Iran-backed Houthis. Those are significant.   Now, having said that, I share the concerns, I think, of a majority  of my Senate colleagues regarding the conduct of the Saudi-led  coalition operations, the unacceptable scale of civilian casualties,  the severity of the humanitarian crisis, and the seeming lack of  momentum on all sides toward a political tract to negotiate an end to  this conflict.   The Saudi coalition bears significant responsibility for the  magnitude of human suffering and the scale of destruction in Yemen.  Seventy-five percent of the population is in need of humanitarian  assistance, and more than 8 million are on the brink of famine. The  conditions have also led to the worst outbreak of cholera in modern  history, with an estimated 1 million people suspected to be infected.   While the Houthis bear much responsibility for the violence, the  Saudi-led campaign has played a significant role in exacerbating,  however, the current humanitarian catastrophe. We must remember that  the Houthis overthrew the internationally recognized and lawful  government of Yemen and continue the conflict by resisting a political  solution. So we ask the Saudis to have a political solution, but we  need the Houthis to engage in a political solution as well. We also  have to remember that the Houthi insurgency has vastly expanded the  opportunities for al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula.   At the same time, I worry that withdrawal of limited U.S. military  support to the Saudi coalition will weaken our leadership and our  ability to influence a political settlement, improve humanitarian  conditions, and could even make the situation worse.   Let us be clear-eyed about who will most benefit from an absence of  American power. As it has done in political vacuums throughout the  region, Iran will continue to expand its proxy power, and through its  Revolutionary Guard, Iran will continue shipping weapons to the Houthis  in violation of the arms embargo. With an emboldened Iran as patron,  the Houthis will continue their campaign within Yemen and their attacks  on Saudi Arabia.   Meanwhile, other nations in the region will be left questioning the  commitment of its long-term security partner, the United States. In  Saudi Arabia's darkest hours, as ballistic missiles are launched at  major population centers in Saudi Arabia and Lebanese Hezbollah is on  their border training Houthi fighters while Iran continues to transfer  lethal equipment, we risk sending a signal to our partners and to our  adversaries that the United States is not reliable.   Across the world, from Canada to the United Kingdom, President Trump  has damaged our credibility as a reliable partner, even to some of our  most stalwart allies. We must push against those concerns and show our  allies that the United States upholds its international commitments.  Consideration of withdrawal of support for the Saudi coalition must be  taken in concert with other ways in which the United States is working  to end this war--the totality of U.S. policy--which I fear is lacking.   The solution, I believe, is to bolster our diplomatic, humanitarian,  and political presence to help solve this crisis, to end the human  suffering, and to assert practical, concerted leadership. Thus far, the  administration's approach has effectively abdicated leadership on the  global stage. Thus far, while we have heard senior officials assure us  that there is no military solution to this conflict and a political  settlement is necessary, this administration is actively dismantling  the State Department and antagonizing the United Nations--the two  entities that have the potential to play the most critical roles in  moving toward a political settlement and addressing the humanitarian  crisis.    We have vacancies at the Assistant Secretary of State level for the  Middle East and the Ambassador in Riyadh--a failure of leadership.   With this dangerous approach to our diplomatic institutions, we will  not be in a position to promote political solutions, and our military,  once again, will be called on to do the critical work of diplomacy and  development, distracting their attention from other pressing  challenges--a failure of leadership.   Regarding a broader diplomatic strategy, the administration has also  failed to develop a comprehensive strategy to confront Iran, including  holding Iran accountable for continuing to provide missile supplies and  lethal training to the Houthis.   Across land and sea, we know Lebanese Hezbollah operatives are in  Yemen. Yet we have seen no sanctions and no action at the Security  Council for this illicit, illegal activity. The administration has not  made one designation for Iranian violations of arms embargoes, as  directed by the legislation passed here 98 to 2, the Countering  America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act--again, a failure of  leadership.   I expect the administration to articulate and implement a  comprehensive strategy for addressing Yemen that includes requisite  conditions for continuing to support the Saudi coalition, a strategic  push for a political settlement, efforts to alleviate the human  suffering, and a comprehensive strategy to decisively push back on  Iran's destabilizing actions in Yemen. This includes tough diplomacy  with countries that will continue to facilitate or, at a minimum, fail  to push back on Iran's actions.   I will continue pushing the administration to assert critical  American diplomatic leadership rooted in the values of democracy, human  rights, and human dignity.   Based upon Chairman Corker's commitments to those hearings and future  markups and based upon the totality of the situation, I will vote to  table the motion to discharge from the committee because I am not ready  to either abandon our partners that face an existential threat from  Iran run amok in Yemen, but my support is not unconditional, and I will  demand responsive actions.   I want to see, as I told the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia earlier  today, a renewed commitment and a rapid movement toward a political  track by the Saudi coalition. I want to see consistent demonstrations  of commitment  [[Page S1810]]  to humanitarian access and alleviating the humanitarian crisis. I want  to see followthrough in pledges of assistance to stabilize and rebuild  Yemen by members of the Saudi coalition. I want to see energy and  diplomacy from the Trump administration.   This week's visit of Crown Prince Muhammad bin Salman is an  opportunity to press forward on a path for ending the war and  addressing the civilian suffering. That certainly was my message to  him. The limited support the United States provides is leverage. Now  the Trump administration needs to use it.   In conclusion, I invite my colleagues on the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee to join me in holding the administration to account and  pushing the administration to use our leverage to drive this conflict  toward a political track. I also invite my colleagues to join me in  conducting oversight of our policies and programs to counter Iran's  activities in the region, including implementing CAATSA.   Finally, I want to be very clear that my vote today is not a blank  check for U.S. military support, nor an endorsement of the current  policy and strategy, and, finally, not a thumbs-up for the Saudi  coalition that we should continue business as usual. I expect to see  improvements on all fronts, as I have previously stated, and I will  review future decisions with respect to potential arms sales and other  votes with that type of extreme scrutiny.   There is no more time to waste. We must move toward a political  settlement to end the war in Yemen, and the people of Yemen must see  improvements in their situation immediately.   I look forward to working with all of my colleagues to ensure we are  working toward a policy that embraces American leadership in promoting  a political solution and alleviating the devastating humanitarian  suffering in Yemen. I look forward to this continuing debate before the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I come to the floor with a series of my  colleagues on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on the Democratic  side to enter into a colloquy about this administration's chaotic and  incoherent approach to foreign policy--an approach that has left our  allies confused and our adversaries emboldened and undermines the  standing of the United States on the global stage.   To be fair, the President's own national security strategy echoes  decades of bipartisan recognition that the founding values of the  United States--democracy, the rule of law--should continue to drive our  foreign policy. Yet the President himself has shown a fundamental  disrespect for these very principles: declining to publicly champion  the importance of human rights and good governance, refusing to condemn  dictators around the world who brutally repress their own citizens, sow  instability across the world, or even attack those who attack the  United States--something I fear will ultimately weaken our ability to  promote the security and prosperity of all Americans.   Last week's unceremonious firing of our Nation's top diplomat was the  President's latest and brazen example of disrespect for the role of  diplomacy, diplomats, and of the State Department itself. While I had  my differences with Secretary Tillerson, the reality is, it does not  serve the interests of the United States when the President undermines  his top diplomat on major foreign policy initiatives, from the crisis  in the gulf to, ironically, his outreach to North Koreans.   Secretary Tillerson's legacy will be shaped not just by the  President's misguided efforts but also his own ill-advised attempt to  dismantle the State Department, leaving the United States without key  voices to advance our interests around the world.   The administration has failed to even nominate critical, high-level  positions--Under Secretaries, Assistant Secretaries--leaving a void of  empowered voices. Meanwhile, there are gaping vacancies in some of the  world's most troubled regions. For example, as we confront a nuclear- armed North Korea, the President has yet to nominate an ambassador to  South Korea, our critical ally on the peninsula--one that has  historically relied upon American assurances and allegiance.   Similarly, the President took more than a year to nominate an  Assistant Secretary for East Asian and Pacific Affairs. The impact of  these vacancies was on full display last week when the President-- without the knowledge of his top diplomat--announced a meeting with  North Korean Dictator Kim Jong Un, an assertion that was then  ultimately walked back and modified by his Secretary of Defense and his  White House Press Secretary.   In the Middle East, as the President continues to send more and more  American troops and we face an emboldened Iranian regime creeping  further into Syria, facilitated by the Kremlin's military support, he  has yet to appoint Ambassadors to consequential posts, including Saudi  Arabia, Egypt, Qatar, Turkey, and Jordan, which has proved a critical  partner in our fight against terrorism in the region and in supporting  refugees--two essential components of U.S. policy in the Middle East.   How can we possibly expect to assert American leadership and secure  our interests with these posts unfilled and with no empowered  individuals at the Department itself? Under the President's watch, the  number of career Ambassadors, which is basically the State  [[Page S1819]]  Department's equivalent to four-star generals at the Department of  Defense, has plummeted by 60 percent. If we were shedding four-star  generals this quickly, we would be sounding the alarm of a national  security crisis.   We have just one career-level Ambassador left at the State  Department. Let me say that again: One career-level Ambassador left,  and this administration has seen fit to ship him off to an academic  institution rather than to engage him in frontline diplomacy.   We are witnessing a mass exodus of experienced diplomatic and  security professionals who have dedicated their lives to this country.  This is a forced exodus, and I am deeply alarmed to see reports  revealing what we have feared for some time.   We just started to learn about disturbing efforts to purge the  Broadcasting Board of Governors and impose a partisan editorial voice  on U.S. international media. Alarmingly, last week, press reports  highlighted emails that provided concrete evidence of the  administration's efforts to effectively purge the Department of anyone  they do not believe would be a purist for the President's vision.  Emails showed political leadership describing some civil servants as  ``turncoats, leakers, and troublemakers.''   The conversations showed senior political appointees working with  outside organizations engaged in vicious smear campaigns against career  civil servants and dismissing death threats against some of these same  career officials. Diplomats who have served Republican and Democratic  Presidents alike, who have spent their careers working to build a more  prosperous and secure world so a Commander in Chief would not have to  send our sons and daughters into war.   This is America. Our government functions because of apolitical civil  servants across agencies who dedicate their lives to advance the  interests of their fellow citizens, from distributing Social Security  checks to negotiating nuclear arms treaties. It is outrageous. It is  disgraceful. It is dangerous.   We face challenges from every corner of the globe. We simply cannot  confront them if we are not present, and we cannot overcome these  challenges when the President himself does not acknowledge them.   As China's political leadership consolidates power and as the country  expands into the South China Sea and pursues an aggressive economic  agenda around the world, the President, for his part, praises these  dictatorial moves. Meanwhile, he has failed on his promise to deliver  better trade deals.   In Latin America, while the President calls our neighbors to the  south drug dealers, criminals, and rapists, China is expanding its  economic and cultural presence in our own backyard.   In Mexico, one of our most integral bilateral partners--Mexico is the  second largest market for U.S. goods and services in the world--we will  soon lose our Ambassador, as we hear about how the Russian Government  is seeking to interfere in their upcoming elections.   When it comes to Russia, again and again, the President's own  intelligence officials have made clear that the Russian Government not  only meddled in our election in 2016 but continues its interference in  the American political system to this day. Yet the President refuses-- refuses--to condemn Vladimir Putin or impose congressionally mandated  sanctions to hold them accountable for their attack on the United  States. I understand today he congratulated him on his ``election.''  That is not an election. Putin is seeking to be a czar, not to be a  President.   The Russian Government continues its military aggression in the  Ukraine and its disinformation campaigns across Europe.   In the Middle East, it continues to enable Bashar al-Assad's  slaughter of innocent civilians and Iran's efforts to expand its  presence and threaten Israel. In a brazen move this month, the Kremlin  used an unlawful chemical agent to commit murder on British soil,  showing how far they will go if they are unchecked.   Beyond these great power threats, we must also confront nonstate  actors and new tools designed specifically to destabilize free and  democratic societies.   We must demand more information to learn about Cambridge Analytica  and the efforts of this organization to exploit private information  from social media users across the world to promote particular  political agendas.   The only way to confront old and emerging threats is to stand united  with our allies. We have spent decades building these alliances based  on mutual respect, accountability, and vigorous engagement in the  international institutions and security agreements that are essential  to promoting peace and security around the world. We ourselves must be  a reliable ally and partner. We must speak with an authoritative voice.  We must have our national security agencies executing clear,  integrated, coherent strategies.   The President himself must champion the fundamental ideas that have  made America secure and prosperous: democracy, human rights, free  expression--values we champion not because simply they are right but  because they are also strategic. We stand for these values because,  globally, governments that uphold the rule of law, that respect human  rights and freedom of expression, that welcome economic competition-- these are the nations that form America's most reliable allies, most  prosperous economic partners, and most strategic security relations.    Let me close with this: The American people and the institutions we  have built remain resilient. Now more than ever, Congress must exercise  its role as a coequal branch of government when it comes to our foreign  policy. We need Republicans and Democrats in Congress to uphold our  duty to conduct oversight, to ensure that bipartisan values that have  guided American foreign policy for decades can be executed by an  experienced, empowered, fully funded and fully staffed State  Department.   Together, we must ensure that our reputation as a leader of nations  is not eroded by a President and an administration that thus far, in my  view, far from putting America first, threaten to leave America  isolated and behind. That is our challenge. That is our choice. I  appreciate my colleagues who join us in this regard.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I thank my colleague from New Mexico, a  key member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, for his insight,  input, and continuing efforts to make sure we have a diplomacy in the  world that ultimately pursues our national interests and security.   I understand there are some colleagues who are on their way to the  floor--Senator Shaheen and Senator Cardin. When they get here, we will  hopefully have the Chair recognize them at that point.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   