 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Barr for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of H.R. 2226, the  Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act, and I am proud to be an  original cosponsor of this legislation.   This is something that Chairman Barr has worked on for at least two  Congresses now, and I feel that we are finally in a place where we can  get some commonsense changes to the CFPB's qualified mortgage rules  that provide relief to community banks and credit unions.   I was very pleased to see this legislation get a unanimous vote in  the Committee on Financial Services earlier this year. I am also very  happy to see that the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban  Affairs is taking note of this issue and has advanced similar  legislation.   The Dodd-Frank Act required the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau  to come up with a series of new rules regarding mortgage lending. One  of these rules was the so-called qualified mortgage rule, which  provides a safe harbor to loans if they meet certain criteria  prescribed by the Bureau. This effectively means that the market treats  any loans that are not qualified mortgages as being much riskier.   The Bureau's rule is especially challenging for community banks and  credit unions. These lenders do not tend to be as automated as larger  financial institutions. They also tend to put more time into  underwriting mortgages to reflect the unique circumstances of the  customers in their communities.   However, the CFPB's qualified mortgage rule took away much of this  flexibility from these lenders by doing things like instituting a 43  percent debt-to-income ratio. This might be a good indicator of  repayment risk for a lot of mortgages, but a one-size-fits-all is  almost never a good approach.   The CFPB's rule also did not acknowledge the fact that small lenders  do not tend to sell these loans into the secondary market. They keep  100 percent of the risk on their portfolio. This means these lenders  have a very strong incentive to issue loans that they believe will be  repaid.   If loans held on portfolio can be treated as qualified mortgages,  then these banks and credit unions will have a stronger incentive to  manage any risk associated with these mortgages.    The Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act would treat loans held  on portfolio by community banks and credit unions as qualified  mortgages if they meet some other criteria, such as not having a  negative amortization or interest-only features.   This change to the CFPB's qualified mortgage rule will go a long way  towards simplifying how our community financial institutions can help  families achieve the dream of home ownership.   I have been hearing about this legislation from community banks and  credit unions in Illinois, and I am confident it will help my  constituents.   Madam Speaker, I want to encourage all of my colleagues to support  this important legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of the  Community Bank Reporting Relief Act.   I would like to begin by thanking Leader McCarthy and Chairman  Hensarling for their support in getting this legislation to the floor.  I also want to thank and express my appreciation to my colleagues,   Andy Barr and Terri Sewell, for serving as original cosponsors on this  legislation.   I would also like to point out that this identical language has been  included in the bipartisan regulatory relief bill that the Senate is  expected to take up maybe sometime this week.    By way of background, the Federal Financial Institutions Examinations  Council requires banks and savings associations to file a quarterly  Consolidated Report of Condition and Income, also known as the call  report. Banking regulators use data in the call report to monitor the  safety, soundness, performance, and risk profile of each institution  and to assess the overall condition of the banking system.   I think we can all agree that our Federal banking regulators should  have regular updates on the overall performance and health of financial  institutions. For example, this is important if Federal banking  regulators are going to be prudent stewards of Federal deposit  insurance. However, this does not mean that the Federal banking  regulators need regular reports about every single data point on every  single financial institution.   Unfortunately, the reporting burden has grown significantly over the  years, which means banks have to spend more time with compliance issues  rather than working with families and businesses to meet their  financial needs.   When I introduced similar legislation last Congress, one community  banker in Illinois, Greg Ohlendorf, with First Community Bank and  Trust, shared with me: ``The quarterly call report has increased to  some 80 pages supported by almost 700 pages of instructions, and it  represents a growing burden on community banks.''   According to a survey that the Independent Community Bankers of  America conducted of its members in 2014, over 60 percent of the annual  cost to prepare the call report goes to personnel salaries. This survey  shows that this is not a highly automated process for those  institutions and that oftentimes senior executives such as the chief  financial officer are responsible for this regulatory burden.   We also heard testimony in the Financial Institutions and Consumer  Credit Subcommittee hearing from Robert Fisher, president and CEO of  Tioga State Bank, on behalf of the ICBA, who stated: ``When I first  started in banking in the mid-1980s, the report was 18 pages long. No  change in our basic business model since that time warrants the sharp  growth in our quarterly reporting obligation.''   The length of the call report has simply gotten out of hand.  Washington needs to get out of the way so that community banks can  focus on meeting the needs of their communities. The role of smaller  financial institutions is especially important in more rural areas,  such as in my district, where larger banks tend to not have as many  branches.   The Community Bank Reporting Relief Act would require Federal banking  regulators to permit for a short-form call report every other quarter  for banks with less than $5 billion in assets and that satisfy other  criteria determined by bank regulators.   Federal banking regulators have not demonstrated there are  statistically significant variations in this data quarter to quarter,  and we heard testimony consistent with this from Tioga State Bank in  the House Financial Services Committee. This means the banking  regulators are simply collecting too much information too frequently.  The Federal banking regulators would be required to take input from our  neighborhood banks under consideration when making these changes. This  cannot be simply check-the-box exercises, but real reform is necessary.   However, nothing in this legislation would prevent regulators from  having access to the information that they need to adequately  understand the health of the banking system. Regulators will still  receive the most important information every quarter.   The Independent Community Bankers of America has suggested this short  form call report include three schedules: schedules RI, an income  statement; schedule RIA, changes in bank equity capital; and Schedule  RC, the balance sheet.   Furthermore, in the event there is any reason for concern about the  health of the bank, regulators would maintain their authority to make  ad hoc information requests.   This legislation is supported by the American Bankers Association,  the Independent Community Bankers of America, and the neighborhood  banks in all of our districts who are looking for commonsense  regulatory relief.   I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this legislation. We must  cut regulation for community banks.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Mitchell for yielding.   Illinois is a high-tax State. We have seen Illinois State taxes  continue to go up, so it is a welcome relief that Congress has brought  Federal tax relief to the people of Illinois, and especially I am  grateful for the residents of the 14th Congressional District, the  suburbs of Chicago, who are seeing great relief and especially the  benefits that come to small businesses, truly the energy and the engine  behind Illinois' economy.   They are going to receive immediate benefits from a reduced tax  burden and more flexible accounting rules. I am also pleased that the  final version of the legislation included this portion of my bill,  which was to lower taxes on Illinois' largest employers, which is small  businesses, and it is called the Bring Small Businesses Back Tax Reform  Act.   Further, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act reduced corporate tax rates to 21  percent and includes provisions to deter U.S. companies from moving  their headquarters and investments abroad and encouraging them to bring  income and jobs back home again. Again, this is welcome news for  Illinois residents.   Numerous companies who employ residents of the 14th Congressional  District have announced new investments and new hiring and giving more  money to their employees, wages, bonuses, trainings, and more. Just a  sampling of these are: AbbVie, American Community Bank, First Midwest  Bank, EMKAY, Boeing, U.S. Bank, Wells Fargo, Wintrust Financial, Home  Depot, Walmart, CVS, and Starbucks.   American manufacturers are hiring more workers. In my district, a  Geneva manufacturer has already brought on two new employees to manage  the equipment the company invested in under the new expensing rules. A  Will County food distributor plans to hire two new employees in 2018,  with the money the company saved through tax reform, and the list goes  on and on.   Mr. Speaker, it is time Americans were given the truth about the Tax  Cuts and Jobs Act. Eighty percent of U.S. households will see a tax cut  in 2018, according to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, but only 17  percent of Americans actually think they will.   In fact, the bill lowers individual rates for low-and middle-income  Americans across the board and doubles the standard deduction for both  individuals and families. If you are one of the 70 percent of Americans  who currently take the standard deduction, getting an immediate rate  cut and a doubling of the earnings you can keep tax free will make a  big difference to you and to your family.   This bill does not cut Medicare, Medicaid, or Social Security,  period. This bill does not get rid of the medical expense deduction or  the charitable deduction. Those are protected and expanded. The bill  did not take away healthcare from Americans. Eighty percent of the  people who pay for the Affordable Care Act's individual mandate tax are  families making less than $50,000 a year. This bill gets rid of the  individual mandate penalty so struggling families aren't burdened by  yet another tax.    It is clear: the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is already delivering positive  results to Illinois individuals, families, and small businesses; and to  Americans everywhere. It is good news, and more good news is coming.   