 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for moving this  very important package of bills through the Financial Services  Committee and now to the floor.   Madam Speaker, I want to congratulate a terrific Congressman from the  State of Arkansas (Mr. Hill) for the great work he has done in  reconstituting the TRID Improvement Act. This bill, Madam Speaker, is  designed to help our homeowners or would-be homeowners go through the  process comfortably and efficiently, and also help our financial  professionals who help them, in turn, to secure residential mortgages.   This bill, as has been noted earlier, Madam Speaker, passed with very  strong bipartisan support, and I encourage everybody on the floor,  Republicans and Democrats, to weigh in with a ``yes'' vote on H.R.  3978.   Now, Madam Speaker, Mr. Hill's bill has two very important pieces  that help our families and also help our economy grow.   First, in title I, section 101, this bill allows title insurance  companies to accurately disclose the premiums they charge for their  service and also the discounts that are available to our home buyers  across the country. Right now, the CFPB does not allow such  disclosures, which is unfair and confusing for our home buyers.   Madam Speaker, secondly, in title V, section 501, this bill includes  the Eliminating Barriers to Jobs for Loan Originators Act, of which I  am proudly a cosponsor. This bill, Madam Speaker, allows mortgage loan  officers at a bank to move to do the same work at a nonbank financial  institution without sometimes waiting weeks or months for redundant and  unnecessary relicensing.   Now, that is just not fair, Madam Speaker, to the folks who are  trying to help our families secure mortgages so they can move into a  new place to work.   I encourage everybody on both sides of the aisle to support this  excellent bill. It is bipartisan. Again, I congratulate the gentleman  from Arkansas (Mr. Hill), and I salute our chairman for moving this so  quickly through the process.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve  the balance of my time.   