 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, my friend  from Louisiana, for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is  helping families and businesses in my home State of Kansas and  throughout our country.   Since Republicans in Congress and the President enacted tax reform,  400 companies have announced $4 billion in bonuses and investments,  impacting 4 million workers.   In my community, Spirit AeroSystems announced new investments in  training and technology. Fidelity Bank announced $1,500 bonuses for its  400 Wichita area employees. Cox Communications announced up to $2,000  bonuses for its 900 area employees.   Recently, small businessowner Bob Aldrich of railroad car parts  supplier, Wichita Railway Services, gave his employees $3,000 to $6,000  bonuses, the largest in the country, thanks to the new law.   In addition to the bonuses and the new jobs being created, 90 percent  of Americans began seeing more monthly take-home pay in February.   For Kansans, that meant a middle class family of four will see a tax  cut of nearly $2,300.   These numbers are not crumbs. No, they are not crumbs at all for  millions of families across the country. And despite those doomsday  predictions, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is already boosting our economy.   Just last week, the unemployment rate fell again to 3.8 percent, the  lowest in 18 years. And when families and businesses file next year  under the new Tax Code, hardworking Americans will keep even more of  their money.   In fact, Wichita tax accountant Archie Macias analyzed his clients'  2017 tax returns and found that approximately 95 percent of his clients  will pay less in taxes next year due to the new law.    These numbers are staggering. But behind all of these statistics are  people. Whether it is a small general aviation parts manufacturer in  Newton or a wheat farmer in Pratt, Kansans from all backgrounds and in  all sectors are seeing growth in our economy once again.   Republicans are delivering on our promise to cut taxes and cut  regulations, and I look forward to continuing our pro-growth agenda to  help American workers and their families.   