 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts  for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6042, which will delay  implementation of the Medicaid electronic visit verification system  requirement by 1 year and promote stakeholder feedback as part of its  implementation.   The Medicaid EVV system requirement under the landmark 21st Century  Cures Act was established to ensure accurate billing and delivery of  personal care services in the homes of Medicaid beneficiaries. We want  to make sure that Medicaid patients are accurately getting the care  that they received, that Medicaid is properly billed for those  services, and that we do everything possible to wring fraud out of the  system.   Unfortunately, the short implementation period, compounded by a delay  in CMS guidance and a lack of stakeholder input, has presented  significant challenges for affected populations, especially seniors and  people with disabilities.   I am pleased to join my colleagues, Representative Guthrie and  Representative DeGette, in supporting this important piece of  legislation. I am glad to see that Representative Guthrie's bill  largely mirrors the bipartisan, bicameral legislation I introduced to  address this issue last month.   The collaboration and the inclusive approach it took to bring this  bill to the floor is the same dynamic Medicaid beneficiaries, family  caregivers, personal care and home health providers, and other  stakeholders are hoping to see from CMS when the agency defines EVV  system requirements so that States can design effective and thoughtful  EVV programs.   Delaying implementation by 1 year and encouraging input from relevant  stakeholders will be paramount to the success of the EVV programs and  is a part of our enduring promise to protect vulnerable populations,  people who would otherwise suffer from adverse outcomes should the  policy be hastily implemented.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Guthrie, Congresswoman DeGette, Chairman  Walden, Ranking Member Pallone, and all those who had a hand in  bringing this bill to the floor today for the opportunity to join in  leading this important effort.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4991, the Supporting Research  and Development for First Responders Act.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4991 would authorize the National Urban Security  Technology Laboratory, also known as NUSTL, within the Department of  Homeland Security's Science and Technology Directorate.   Established in 1947, NUSTL has a long, rich history of supporting the  first responder community. This laboratory, located in New York City,  is central to the research and development of technologies that give  first responders the tools to mitigate, respond to, and recover from  national security threats.   In recent years, NUSTL's work has fostered the emergence of thousands  of innovative radiation detectors for use in the Securing the Cities  program. NUSTL's engagement with homeland security stakeholders has  ensured that as technology is developed, the particular concerns of end  users, such as first responders, are taken into consideration. With the  homeland security threat evolving daily, the importance of this lab to  national security cannot be overstated.   While the good work of NUSTL is evident to myself and my colleagues  on the House Homeland Security Committee, President Trump,  unfortunately, does not have the same level of appreciation. In the  last two budget cycles, the Trump administration, in its efforts to  free up resources to build a wall along the southern border, has  proposed completely cutting funding for NUSTL. The elimination of this  laboratory as a first responder resource is absolutely senseless.   I am glad to see that our committee worked in a bipartisan fashion to  craft this legislation, which would ensure that the work being  performed at NUSTL will continue.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in advancing research  development of technologies for first responders by supporting H.R.  4991.   Mr. Speaker, NUSTL's work is integral to protecting our Nation's  first responders from threats.   On the one hand, it is unfortunate that the Trump administration's  proposal to cut spending for NUSTL is what prompted the creation of  H.R. 4991 in the first place; however, it has given this Chamber an  opportunity to recognize the value of NUSTL and push for it to maintain  its place at the Department of Homeland Security.   So I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 4991, and I thank my  colleague across the aisle for his work on this important bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5762, the Joint Task Force to  Combat Opioid Trafficking Act of 2018.   Mr. Speaker, first of all, I thank my colleague, the gentleman from  New York, Chairman Donovan, for his kind and strong words of support  for this bill. This has been a truly bipartisan effort on the  committee, and I thank the gentleman for his work on this and for his  support.   Again, Mr. Speaker, we are in the midst of a public health emergency  that is devastating communities across the country, including my home  State of Rhode Island. No matter your race, gender, age, religion, or  socioeconomic status, Americans are suffering from the opioid overdose  epidemic.   We know that approximately 42,000 fatalities were attributed to  opioids in 2016, and we know that fentanyl is exacerbating the problem.  This powerful synthetic opioid, which is 25 to 50 times stronger than  heroin and 50 to 100 times more powerful than morphine, has caused 15  times more deaths in Rhode Island during 2016 than in 2009.   In its purest form as a powder, or as grains similar to the size of  salt, fentanyl's lethal potency often harms people when unknowingly  mixed with other illicit drugs, like heroin, or marketed on the street  as a different substance entirely.   Since the majority of opioids interdicted by the United States are  seized at ports of entry and the southern border accounts for at least  75 percent of all opioids collected, I am pleased to offer a solution  that will strengthen the Department of Homeland Security's fight  against this drug crisis. This bill authorizes the Secretary of  Homeland Security to establish a task force to enhance the internal  integration of the department's border security operations to detect,  interdict, disrupt, and prevent narcotics, including fentanyl, from  entering the United States in the first place.   Secretary Jeh Johnson was the first to use the joint task force model  to achieve better unity of effort across the department's components  when it comes to fulfilling the Homeland Security mission.   All of DHS' many agencies, from Customs and Border Protection to the  U.S. Coast Guard, have an important role to play when it comes to  combating opioid trafficking, which makes the joint task force a  particularly apt structure to address the crisis. If Homeland Security  Investigations is looking into a fentanyl distribution ring in Omaha,  they need to coordinate efforts with Customs offices in El Paso so that  packages en route to Nebraska are properly inspected.   The JTF model is intended to ensure this coordination is baked into  the culture at the various components and that cases don't slip through  the cracks. The goal is not to add red tape for the hardworking DHS  personnel protecting our Nation but to keep them all on the same page  as a single, unified effort. This coordination is worth it.   Mr. Speaker, Congress recognized the value of Secretary Johnson's  pilot  [[Page H5269]]  JTFs when we formally authorized them in 2016. As new challenges  confront the department, we must make use of this organizational  structure in innovative ways to maintain the synergies that drove the  creation of DHS in the first place.   Stopping the proliferation of fentanyl is particularly well suited to  the JTF approach. Unlike many more traditional narcotics, fentanyl is  often shipped directly to dealers from overseas. Fentanyl's extremely  high potency allows these shipments to be small enough to go undetected  unless carefully scrutinized.   That is why it is essential that the joint task force on opioids  collaborate with private-sector organizations and any other Federal,  State, local, Tribal, territorial, or international entity to increase  operational effectiveness, coordination, and information sharing.   We need to work with partners, especially the United States Postal  Service and private parcel delivery services like UPS and FedEx, to  ensure suspicious packages are inspected. Having a single task force  coordinating the department's efforts makes it much easier for other  organizations to know to whom to go.   The collaboration called for in this bill, combined with the  implementation of Ms. Tsongas' INTERDICT Act, which focuses on drug  detection technologies, will ensure that DHS is maximally effective in  combating the flood of synthetic opioids trafficked into the United  States.   The crisis gripping our Nation, Mr. Speaker, is complex. We recognize  that. We cannot succeed in stemming the opioid epidemic unless the  Federal Government recognizes the opportunity to integrate and  collaborate not only across agencies but also with our private-sector  partners.   I hope my colleagues will join this bipartisan effort to curb the  prevalence of illicit opioids on our streets, in our communities, in  our neighborhoods, and in our homes by supporting H.R. 5762.   Mr. Speaker, now more than ever, we need to take action to curb the  flow of synthetic opioids into America. The need plays out in tragedies  around the country every day.   Rhode Island's Brandon Goldner was just 23 years old when, after  being revived seven times in a 2-month period, he tragically lost his  life to an opioid overdose. Losing Brandon and so many others to  opioids demands that we, as lawmakers, act quickly to reduce the stigma  associated with drug use and ensure that there are adequate treatment  options that are available.   I am proud to come from a State that has developed a comprehensive  strategy to combat the opioid crisis by supporting local and State  partners at every level of education, treatment, and prevention through  the creation of a statewide overdose prevention and intervention task  force.   This is a constant battle, and reducing the prevalence of opioids  available to those who might use or abuse the substance is an important  step that we can take today by passing this bill. Every one of my  colleagues has their own Brandon story. Everyone has talked with  grieving parents, children, friends, and coworkers.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud that the Committee on Homeland Security is  doing its part to ensure that we bring a whole-of-government approach  to combating this whole-of-society problem, and I urge my colleagues to  support this bill.   The bill before us today will enhance internal DHS operations, force  the collaboration across Federal agencies, and develop partnerships  with the private sector to limit opioids coming into our country and  getting distributed throughout our communities.   Like every bill that makes it to the floor, this legislation is the  result of a collaborative effort.   Mr. Speaker, I must thank Senator Claire McCaskill, who has been a  true champion in driving policy to address the opioid crisis and who  first proposed applying the JTF model to this epidemic. She has been a  true leader on this issue.   I also thank my good friend and long-time colleague on the committee  and cosponsor, Congressman Peter King, who has helped ensure that this  effort is a bipartisan one.   Likewise, I owe a debt of gratitude to our ranking member, Mr.  Thompson, and our chairman, Mr. McCaul, who worked with me in turn to  make a good idea even better legislation.   Like anything we do, nothing would have been possible without the  tireless work of our staff, in particular that of Rosaline Cohen and  Alex Carnes with the committee, and Elyssa Malin in my office.   Mr. Speaker, I have said before that the opioid epidemic is  incredibly complex. With the number of factors driving this tragic  increase in overdoses, there is no silver bullet to this public health  emergency. Rather, it demands a whole-of-society approach. This bill  will bring that unity of effort to the Department of Homeland Security,  so that it can be a more effective partner in turning the tide against  opioid abuse.   I hope all of my colleagues will join with me in supporting the  creation of this joint task force and support this bill. Again, I thank  Chairman Donovan, the gentleman from New York, for his words of support  and his effort to see that this bill got to the floor in the first  place. I hope to see it pass.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4627, the Shielding Public  Spaces from Vehicular Terrorism Act.   Mr. Speaker, the tactics and targets of terrorist organizations are  ever changing. Most recently, ISIL-inspired groups have called for  jihadists to use vehicles to carry out attacks on so-called soft  targets like shopping malls, mass transit centers, and other places  where people gather.   ISIL has claimed credit for 21 vehicular terrorist attacks in major  cities like Berlin, Nice, London, and Barcelona. These attacks have  also hit closer to home, including in October 2017 in New York City,  when a terrorist used a rented pickup truck to mow down pedestrians on  a popular bike path, killing eight and injuring 13.   In light of the elevated terror environment, H.R. 4627 would direct  the Department of Homeland Security Science and Technology Directorate  to conduct research on emerging and evolving terrorist threats, like  vehicular attacks.   The bill would also provide flexibility for homeland security grant  funding to be used for securing public spaces through target-hardening  activities, including the installation of bollards.   Additionally, I am pleased that the bill includes key language  authored by my friend Representative Val Demings, the gentlewoman from  Florida, to codify a current Department practice that prohibits the use  of grant funding to purchase firearms or for training on the use of  firearms.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. Donovan) for  his words of support on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 4627 to help  secure our public spaces from emerging terrorist threats, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. Demings).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   In closing, I once again thank Chairman Donovan from the great State  of New York for his support of this bill and for his comments, and I  thank the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. Demings) for her work on this  important piece of legislation.   I want to reiterate my support for the Shielding Public Spaces from  Vehicular Terrorism Act. Passing this bill will reenforce our  commitment to combating emerging and evolving terrorist threats and  protecting public spaces.   As the co-chair of the Congressional Cybersecurity Caucus, I am well  aware of how technology can dramatically alter our conceptions about  homeland security. The advent of more connected devices from pacemakers  to power grids has only impacted the attack surface, and the internet  makes it possible for these devices to be targeted from anywhere on the  globe.   With respect to vehicle attacks, imagine a connected car being hacked  to run down pedestrians or an autonomous vehicle's sensors being  tricked to not see humans at all. These are the emerging challenges  that we face, and it is imperative that we continue to do whatever is  necessary to strengthen the capabilities that we depend on to keep all  of our citizens safe.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, this very minute, terrified children are  crying in cages, put there by our government at our Nation's borders.  Innocent babies, taken from their mothers and fathers, are being held  hostage by the President. This is wrong, Mr. Speaker. I never thought I  would witness such cruelty in our country.   President Trump could stop this with a phone call, and congressional  Republicans could end it with a vote. Their inaction is despicable, and  it speaks volumes.   Mr. Speaker, I love this country, but today I am ashamed. I am  sickened by the heartlessness of this administration.   These families are refugees fleeing violence, hoping simply to  survive. How can we tear them apart and put them in actual cages?   Mr. Speaker, mark my words: This is a turning point in our Nation's  history. We must decide what kind of country we want to be, what kind  of people we want to be, and what we stand for as a nation.   I am proud to cosponsor the Keep Families Together Act to end this  policy and turn the page on one of the saddest chapters in American  history.   Mr. Speaker, this isn't over by a long shot.   