 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 606) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 1025 Nevin Avenue in Richmond,  California, as the ``Harold D. McCraw, Sr., Post Office Building'', and  ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 4913) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 816 East Salisbury Parkway in  Salisbury, Maryland, as the ``Sgt. Maj. Wardell B. Turner Post Office  Building'', and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 5737) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 108 West D Street in Alpha,  Illinois, as the ``Captain Joshua E. Steele Post Office'', and ask for  its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 5868) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 530 Claremont Avenue in  Ashland, Ohio, as the ``Bill Harris Post Office'', and ask for its  immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 5935) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 1355 North Meridian Road in  Harristown, Illinois, as the ``Logan S. Palmer Post Office'', and ask  for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 6020) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 325 South Michigan Avenue in  Howell, Michigan, as the ``Sergeant Donald Burgett Post Office  Building'', and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 6116) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 362 North Ross Street in  Beaverton, Michigan, as the ``Colonel Alfred Asch Post Office'', and  ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 5349) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 1320 Autumn Avenue in Memphis,  Tennessee, as the ``Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Building'',  and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 5784) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 2650 North Doctor Martin Luther  King Jr. Drive in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, as the ``Vel R. Phillips Post  Office Building'', and ask for its immediate consideration in the  House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on H.R. 606, H.R. 4913, H.R. 5737, H.R.  5868, H.R. 5935, H.R. 6020, H.R. 6116, H.R. 5349, and H.R. 5784.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House  adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 1 p.m. on Monday, September 17,  2018.   