 Mr. President, I rise today to commemorate the 200th  speech the Senator from Rhode Island, Mr. Whitehouse, will make here on  the floor of the U.S. Senate on the need to act on climate change.   When global challenges arise, countries throughout the world look to  the United States for leadership. Climate change is an issue that  affects billions of people worldwide, and the United States can and  should be a leading voice in combating it.   Despite making significant progress under President Obama, President  Trump has decided to reverse course and take a backseat while the rest  of the world tackles this issue head-on. Over the last year, the United  States has pulled out of the Paris Agreement, weakened air and water  protections here at home, moved away from renewable energy, and  implemented drastic funding and staffing cuts at the Environmental  Protection Agency, EPA.   President Trump's decision to retreat from our commitment to  combating climate change comes at a critical time for the state of our  environment. His abdication of responsibility is calamitous. The vast  majority of scientists have concluded that climate change is real and  caused by human activity, and Americans are already feeling the  effects.   Last year, for instance, our Nation experienced one of the most  destructive hurricane seasons on record and a series of deadly  wildfires. On top of this, sea levels continue to rise at record pace,  posing an existential threat to coastal communities throughout the  country. This is especially dangerous for the State I represent, as  many Marylanders live in areas that are acutely susceptible to rising  tides and flood damage. As such, much of our essential communication,  transportation, energy, and wastewater management infrastructure is at  risk.   This begs the question: What kind of environmental legacy do we want  to leave for our children and grandchildren? I believe that it is our  responsibility to leave our beaches, farms, towns, and wetlands  healthier than we found them.   The most recent research suggests that our actions over the next 5  years will shape the course of sea level rise for generations.  Therefore, the time is now to take decisive action on climate change.  If we fail to do so, we will be left to explain to the next generation  why we failed to act in the face of so much incontrovertible evidence.   Some of my colleagues argue that tackling climate change is too  costly an undertaking. They claim that any action we take to protect  human health and the environment will inevitably cost jobs and hurt the  economy. The reality is that nothing poses a bigger long-term threat to  our economic and national security than climate change.   As sea levels and temperatures climb higher, so do the costs of doing  business. Changing weather patterns increase risk for homeowners. Our  attempts to cool a heating planet will strain our energy supply. These  are just a few of the economic consequences that we will face if we  fail to take action.   The progress we have seen in Maryland demonstrates that we can  preserve our environment while maintaining a robust economy.  Marylanders have taken decisive action on a range of environmental  issues, and the State is currently on track to meet the guidelines  established in the Paris Agreement. Thanks, in part, to the  partnerships within the Chesapeake Bay Program, the health of the Bay  has been steadily increasing for years.   At the same time, Maryland's farming industry, which employs over  350,000 Marylanders, has remained vibrant. Our success in Maryland is a  testament to what we can do as a nation on climate change.   The key to our success will depend on the degree to which we are  willing to cooperate with each other. This includes interstate  partnerships such as the Chesapeake Bay Program, as well as  international partnerships like the Paris Agreement. We should not let  President Trump's decision to remove the United States from the Paris  Agreement discourage us from working together to achieve our goals. In  the spirit of collaboration, we should continue to partner with the  States, localities, universities, and business that have decided to  honor the global commitment we made under President Obama.   I am especially proud to see the city of Baltimore, Hyattsville,  Takoma Park, the University of Maryland School System, and all the  other localities and organizations lead this effort in Maryland by  joining the America's Pledge project.   America's Pledge is a new initiative co-led by California Governor  Edmund G. ``Jerry'' Brown, Jr., and the U.N. Secretary-General's  Special Envoy for Cities and Climate Change Michael R. Bloomberg, which  aims to assess the scope and scale of climate actions being taken by  U.S. States, cities, businesses, and other non-Federal actors. I am  proud the Center for Global Sustainability at the University of  Maryland is among the institutions providing the project their research  support.   I encourage my colleagues to put our planet, our environment, and the  future of humanity over partisan politics and President Trump's  stubborn insistence on retrograde policies. We must do what is best not  just for ourselves, but for future generations, too. The United States  of America has been a world leader on so many issues, which redounds to  our own benefit. Now is not the time to abdicate that role. The world  and our children are watching.   We are fortunate to have climate change leaders like Senator  Whitehouse. With a dogged persistence, he has come to this Chamber  month after month to educate, to cajole, and to inspire us to take  action.   Most of all, he has warned us of the grave danger climate change  presents. Will we be like the Trojans of ancient Greek mythology, who  ignored the prophecies of Cassandra about the imminent destruction of  their city? We do so, like the Trojans, at our own peril. Cassandra's  prophecies came true. If we listen to Senator Whitehouse and learn from  him and take action now, we can change our fate for the better.   