 Madam President, my colleague from Maryland spoke  earlier about the opioid crisis and the fact that we are about to vote  on legislation tonight that is called the Opioid Crisis Response Act.  He talked a little about some of the innovations going on in the State  of Maryland.   We are fortunate, in my home State of Ohio, to have some great work  going on as well. Like the Stabilization Centers he talked about, we  now have in Ohio the opportunity for people who are treated for  addiction to be given this miracle drug, Narcan, which reverses the  effects of the overdose. They are able to not just go to an emergency  room, where they can be taken care of for this reversal of the  overdose, but also get into treatment.   The Maryhaven Addiction Stabilization Center in Columbus, OH, has  become a model not just for Ohio but for the country. It is one of the  early centers where they are taking some of the Federal funds we passed  here and using them to come up with innovative ways to get people into  treatment. Their success rate is over 80 percent. Unfortunately, that  is not true with regard to other instances where someone is given this  Narcan--usually by a first responder or in an emergency room setting-- then does not go into treatment but rather goes back to the environment  and the old community or the gang where the addiction happened in the  first place. In so many instances, first responders are called again,  and sometimes again and again, to provide that Narcan to the same  individual. That is not helping anyone. It is certainly not helping  that individual in taking this disease of addiction and dealing with it  in a serious way. Stabilization centers are a great idea. We are  starting to do some of these things back home. It is an innovative way  that will help us turn the tide.   This legislation we are voting on tonight will help in that regard.  It provides additional funding and additional help for some of these  new approaches that we badly need.   Sadly, despite some progress based on legislation we passed about a  year and a half ago, the CARA Act and Cures Act--which we will talk  about in a moment--things are not getting better; they are getting  worse.   Every State in this Chamber has been affected by this issue. This  chart behind me shows those States which last year had an increase in  overdoses from opioids and other drugs. If you had an increase, you are  in orange. If you had a decrease, you are in blue. Sadly, as you can  see, States, including my home State of Ohio and the Presiding  Officer's home State of Iowa, saw an increase.   Overall, there was about a 9-percent increase in overdose deaths last  year in America. Based on the Centers for Disease Control data we got  about a month ago, it was 72,000 people. Think about that. That is, of  course, more individuals than we lost in the Vietnam war, and 72,000  means that this is the No. 1 cause of death now in America for those  under the age of 50.   In my home State of Ohio, it is the No. 1 cause of death, period. We  are in a crisis. We are in an epidemic. Despite some of these new  innovations going on back in our States, we continue to see these grim  records year after year. We need to reverse this. Tonight's legislation  will help do that. As an example, Franklin, OH, which is in the center  of Ohio near the Columbus area, just in the past 9 days, recently  experienced 29 overdose deaths. Do you know what the coroner said? The  coroner said this spike was caused by a synthetic drug called fentanyl.   Fentanyl is about 50 times more powerful than heroin. Fentanyl is the  No. 1 killer now. We need more people to get into treatment to overcome  the disease of addiction and do more to keep this fentanyl--this new  scourge--out of our communities.   This legislation will do both of those things. This is consensus  legislation. There are five committees that were  [[Page S6169]]  able to provide input for this legislation. They had public hearings.  They contributed ideas to it. That includes the HELP Committee,  Judiciary, Finance, Commerce, and Banking Committees. I applaud the  HELP Committee chairman, Lamar Alexander, because he pulled together  all these ideas from these four or five different committees and helped  us come up with this consensus package.   I would like to thank Majority Leader McConnell and Democratic Leader  Schumer for agreeing to bring this legislation to the floor tonight. It  doesn't include everything all of us want to see, but it has important  new initiatives, and it is a step in the right direction.   I note this one issue we couldn't include in this broader package is  the arbitrary cap that is now in place on so many treatment centers.  They are capped at 16 beds for Medicaid reimbursement, which is really  a vestige of a previous policy to get people out of institutional care  with mostly mental health focus, but it is having an effect on this  opioid crisis we talked about because people who are ready to get into  treatment are told there is no room. This is for residential treatment.   We have a solution to it. We will introduce legislation on that  tomorrow. We are told that in conference, we can try to work something  out because the House has legislation that addresses this.   I appreciate Senator Alexander's willingness to do that. Senator  Cardin, who was on the floor earlier, and I talked about this. He is  part of a bipartisan group putting our ideas out there to allow these  good treatment centers to be able to take in more people without an  arbitrary cap.   This package builds on two legislative projects I talked about  earlier--the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act and 21st Century  Cures Act.   The CARA legislation, the Comprehensive Addiction Recovery Act,  provides resources directly to evidence-based programs that are  working: prevention, treatment, longer term recovery, and helping our  first responders. The Cures legislation, 21st Century Cures, doesn't go  straight to the groups--organizations and nonprofits. It goes to the  States. Then the States decide how that money is spent.   These laws, again, are beginning to make a difference for the people  we represent, helping these communities to push back and fight and try  new things. Even before those bills passed, some in this Chamber got  together to talk about how can we ensure we have the adequate resources  to take on this issue. Also, in our appropriations bills, these bills  are being funded above the amount we approved here or authorized. That  is good.   In about 2015, just a few years ago, we began to see this fentanyl  issue really rise. In my home State of Ohio, by the summer of 2016, it  had invaded our State at crisis levels. In 2014, we had 503 fentanyl  overdose deaths. In 2015, that rose to over 1,000 deaths and 2,357  deaths last year. Fentanyl was responsible for more than half of those  people who died of overdoses in my State and in the country last year.  The numbers are now coming in for 2017, and we are hearing it will be  about two-thirds of the deaths in Ohio as we continue to hear numbers  for this year, 2018.    This trend of increasing fentanyl overdoses rings true all around the  country. Fentanyl overdoses nationally reached nearly 30,000 last year.  That means they have increased by 850 percent just in the 4 years  between 2013 and 2017. Between 2013 and 2017, we have seen an 850- percent increase in overdoses due to this one drug, this synthetic  opioid fentanyl.   Here is a chart that talks about this a little bit. It shows that  with regard to some drugs, as tragic as the overdose rates are, heroin  as an example, is pretty flat, going from 2015 up to 2018. Here is  fentanyl--synthetic opioids. As you can see, it has gone up  dramatically. This is the new scourge of the opioid epidemic. It is 50  times more potent than heroin. It is relatively inexpensive on the  streets and relatively accessible. As a result, many traffickers have  turned to this. Fentanyl is being spread to other drugs. So heroin is  being laced with fentanyl. Cocaine is being laced with fentanyl, even  crystal meth. This increases the potency of those drugs, increases the  chance of an addiction, and with the rise of fentanyl, of course, we  are seeing more and more deaths because of its power. We are also  seeing that no street drug is safe from a potential overdose and death.   I heard a number of tragic examples recently during our last two  tele-townhall meetings. We have another one tomorrow night. I am sure I  will hear about it. The first case was last month. Sam from Shelby  County talked about the fentanyl issue. He was talking about it  objectively and policywise and then his voice changed and the emotion  was clear. I asked him if he had a family relationship with this drug  or if anything had happened. He acknowledged his son died from a  fentanyl overdose. His son died a few weeks before the call. His son  didn't know he was taking fentanyl because it had been laced in another  drug.   The next tele-townhall meeting, also last month, Pauline from  Zanesville called in and told me her brother passed away from a  fentanyl overdose. He was a heroin addict, but he had no idea he was  taking fentanyl. It was laced in the heroin, and he overdosed and died.   In both of those cases, they weren't using it knowingly, but the  autopsy revealed it was fentanyl. This is happening all across our  country, and it is causing these historically high overdose deaths.  This historic trend is why we began looking into fentanyl and seeing  what we can do it about it.   Senator McCaskill is on the floor. We conducted an 18-month  investigation into this under the Permanent Subcommittee on  Investigations, PSI. We asked: Where is this coming from? How can this  be happening in our country?   We found out something shocking, which is, it is primarily produced  in laboratories in China, and it is primarily coming to the United  States through the U.S. mail system--our own government agency, the  Postal Service.   Our investigators identified how easy it was to get these drugs into  the United States. We had an undercover operation where we posed as  buyers. Based on that, we found out these overseas sellers essentially  guaranteed delivery if the fentanyl was shipped through the U.S. Postal  Service. If you send it through a private carrier, it is not  guaranteed--FedEx, UPS, DHL, one of those. If they sent it through the  Postal Service, they guaranteed delivery. Why is that? The Postal  Service has a weaker screening policy than these private carriers.   That is because of Congress. After 9/11, Congress said to the private  carriers, you have to have a better screening policy, including  providing advanced electronic information to law enforcement on every  package that comes into America. They were doing it for other  contraband and explosives more than fentanyl, but that is effective now  because law enforcement and Customs and Border Protection can identify  these packages. Otherwise, it is like finding a needle in a haystack.  Think about that. There are 900 million packages a year in the post  office alone. We need this data.   Law enforcement uses it. I have seen them do it. I have gone to the  distribution center and have seen how they pull things off. They put on  protective gear to open these packages because fentanyl is so deadly.  The information tells them where it is from, what is in it, and where  it is going. They then use Big Data to identify suspicious packages and  keep some of this deadly drug out of our communities.   The law does not require the post office to do that. After 9/11, we  said to the private carriers: You have to do it. We said to the post  office: You need to study this issue and get back to us. They have  never gotten back to us. We need to get back to them and say: You have  to do it too. This is a minimum.   We at least have to know what is in these packages coming into our  country so law enforcement can stop some of this poison that is  overtaking our communities and robbing thousands of Americans of their  God-given purpose in life. It is not to be an addict. It is not to  overdose and die. We need to help.   The STOP Act--legislation I authored with my colleague Senator Amy  Klobuchar from Minnesota--is included in this larger opioid package,  which we will vote on this evening. The STOP Act does just that. It  closes this loophole. It says to these traffickers:  [[Page S6170]]  You are not going to be able to continue to exploit our U.S. Postal  Service to ship your fentanyl into America.   It is a commonsense solution. It deals with the most deadly aspect of  the opioid epidemic and simply requires the Postal Service to get this  data 100 percent from China now, 70 percent for the rest of the world  by the end of this year, and by 2020, 100 percent every package.   This will help stop the flow of this poison coming into our  communities, but it will reduce the supply and raise the cost, which is  part of the issue with the accessibility of fentanyl. Once enacted into  law, it will help.   Tonight is an opportunity for us to vote on this package. The House  and the Senate package is identical. If we vote on it tonight and get  it passed, it will go to the President for his signature. It will help.   Is it all we need to do? No. We need to continue to fund CARA and  Cures, as we talked about, to deal with the demand side of this, the  prevention side, the treatment, and longer term recovery.   This legislation also has a number of initiatives in that area. Some  were talked about earlier, others were not. It builds on the CARA 2.0  legislation we introduced recently, which was the next step after the  Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act.   For instance, one thing it has in this bill, from CARA 2.0, is a  national quality standard and best practices for recovery housing. Yes,  recovery housing and Silver Living is important. There have been too  many examples of housing that have not had the kind of quality you  would expect, even allowing drug use within that recovery housing. We  can't allow that to continue. This ensures that people transitioning  out of treatment will have high-quality options.   This legislation also authorizes support for high school and college  students to help children and young adults recover from substance abuse  disorders. We have some amazing models in Ohio on this. The Collegiate  Recovery Community at Ohio State is an example. Columbus is opening its  first recovery high school next year.   CARA 2.0's contribution to the opioid legislation also includes help  for the most vulnerable among us, the babies. There is $60 million for  a plan of safe care for babies born dependent on drugs. This provides  treatment to babies born with what is called neonatal abstinence  syndrome. Their mothers are addicted, and they develop a dependency on  drugs in the womb. These innocent babies then have to be taken  literally through the process of withdrawal. I have been to neonatal  units around our State to see these babies. It is a sad and tragic  thing to see. We need more help to ensure these babies get the care  they need so they may get through this withdrawal process.    To help the newborn babies further, the legislation also includes the  CRIB Act, which is bipartisan legislation I coauthored that will help  newborns who are suffering from addiction to recover in the best  setting possible, and it will provide support for their families. The  CRIB Act says that families can be reimbursed for providing the love  and care the children and babies need at that time. It is a very sad  situation. I see this across my State, but I also know this is  happening across the country.   There is a great group called Brigid's Path in Dayton, OH, which I  have had the opportunity to visit. It provides loving care and support  for these babies, but it gets no reimbursement for it. This is an  opportunity to provide as much care and treatment as is necessary to  help these children achieve their potential in life. The CRIB Act and  the $60 million in funding will help the babies who have been born  dependent on drugs. It will help Brigid's Path and other great  organizations like it to help these kids in need.   There are a number of other important programs that will be  reauthorized in this legislation, including the drug courts, drug-free  communities grants, and high-intensity drug trafficking areas grants,  to help our law enforcement at every level be able to push back against  drug traffickers.   As we pass this legislation, much as we did 2 years ago with the  passage of CARA and CURES, Congress is committing itself to actually  putting politics aside--it is not just bipartisan; I think it is  nonpartisan--to dealing with the real epidemic that is out there, and  to helping the people we represent. It is not a moment too soon, as  72,000 lives were lost last year. These are not just statistics; these  are people with hopes and dreams and families.   We need to help those who are gripped by addiction to break free from  those grips. We need to give those in law enforcement the tools they  need to stop these poisons from infiltrating our country. We need to  once again commit ourselves to additional resources at the Federal  level that can help our States and our local communities and our  private sector respond. The comprehensive opioid legislation we are  voting on today, including the STOP Act and more, will help to do just  that.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 4013 and ask  unanimous consent that it be reported by number.    I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the  amendment be dispensed with.   