 Mr. President, the Senate recently completed what was  easily the most productive August in memory. We passed six  appropriations bills with full debate on the Senate floor. We passed  the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act. We confirmed 25  appointees to important jobs in the administration. We confirmed 17  Federal judges to the bench, and we set up votes for another 8 earlier  this month.   When I was home in Wyoming, I talked to a number of people around the  State, and they were pleased to see how much we are actually getting  done. I can state that they absolutely think we should keep up this  pace.   Maybe the most important thing that people expect us to deal with  quickly is confirming Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. I  believe we are off to a good start with confirmation hearings for Judge  Kavanaugh, which were held last week in the Judiciary Committee.   What people who watched the hearings learned was that Judge Kavanaugh  is well respected, mainstream, and a highly qualified individual for  this important job. What people also saw is that some Members of the  opposite party--the Democrats in the Senate--are totally unwilling to  give him fair consideration.   Senators have been given access to more than 500,000 pages of records  from his time as a judge and throughout his career in public service.  That is three times the amount of information that any other Supreme  Court nominee has ever produced. For some nominees of the Supreme  Court, these kinds of documents are very important. They can tell us a  lot about how a nominee thinks and about how he or she might approach  the job of being a Justice. It is especially important when that person  under consideration has never served as a judge before, and sometimes  that is all we have to look at. But that is not the case with Judge  Kavanaugh.   Judge Kavanaugh has served on the circuit court of appeals for 12  years, and he has written opinions in over 300 cases. If anyone wants  to know what he will act like as a judge, then they can just look at  how he has already acted as a judge for the past dozen years.   These documents, these opinions he wrote in the 300 cases on the  court in which he is serving, are the documents that matter. They are  the ones that tell us how he approaches being a judge. Senators have  had access to these court opinions since the day Judge Kavanaugh was  nominated 8 weeks ago. If Democrats would just take the time to read  through these opinions, they would see that Judge Kavanaugh is  extremely thoughtful and is independent. He is absolutely devoted to  preserving the rule of law and protecting the separation of powers that  is the basis of our Constitution. If Democrats don't want to read  through all these documents and these decisions, well, they can focus  on the 13 cases where the Supreme Court adopted Judge Kavanaugh's  reasoning. That is how much respect other judges and Justices have for  the careful and compelling decisions he has written.   One case dealt with a regulation put out by the Environmental  Protection Agency. Judge Kavanaugh found that the Agency had exceeded  its authority under the law when they wrote the regulation. Judge  Kavanaugh wrote that ``it is not our job to make the policy choices and  set the statutory boundaries, but it is emphatically our job to  carefully but firmly enforce the statutory boundaries.''   The Supreme Court agreed with Judge Kavanaugh's reasoning.   One constitutional scholar pointed out that ``Judge Kavanaugh  commands wide and deep respect among scholars, lawyers, judges, and  justices.''   Another legal scholar said that Judge Kavanaugh is ``one of the most  learned judges in America on a variety of issues, ranging from theories  of statutory interpretation to separation of powers.''   A third law professor agreed. He called Judge Kavanaugh ``a true  intellectual--a leading thinker and writer on the subjects of statutory  interpretation and federal courts.''   Finally, if it is even too much for some Democratic Senators to read  through all the glowing reviews of Judge Kavanaugh's career, they could  just look at what he has actually said. Look at his own simple,  straightforward summary of his judging philosophy. In a speech last  year, he made it very clear. He said: ``The judge's job is to interpret  the law, not to make the law or make policy.''   This view--that the judge's job is to interpret the law, not to make  the law or make policy--and every example I have seen from Judge  Kavanaugh's record is squarely in the mainstream of America's thinking  today.   Despite all of this information being available, some Democrats are  trying to say that they still want even more documents. They are hoping  against hope that if they request another 500,000 pages, they can delay  things a little longer. Well, let me assure you, it is not going to  happen.   I think that most Democrats who have been making the most noise  really don't want more documents. That is because so many of the  Democrats complaining the loudest are the same ones who said that they  have already made up their minds and made announcements that they are  planning to vote against the nominee. Some were saying it before the  nomination was even announced.   From the very beginning, liberal activists called on Senator Schumer  to do everything in his power to keep this seat empty for as long as  possible. There are several Senators on the other side of the aisle who  have gladly taken up this challenge from the far left corners of their  base.   I hope that more reasonable Democrats will reject the calls for  needless delays and dangerous obstruction. I hope there are Democrats  in the Senate who are willing to listen to what Judge Kavanaugh  actually said during his hearing. I hope there are Democrats who are  willing to read some of the hundreds of thousands of pages of  documents. I hope there are some Democrats who are willing to listen to  the experts who are describing Judge Kavanaugh as ``one of the most  learned judges'' in our country.   It is clear that Judge Kavanaugh has the right approach to being a  judge. It is clear that he is a person of solid character and that he  has a strong intellect. It is clear that America needs Judge Kavanaugh  on the Supreme Court and that it is time for Democrats to give up this  pointless obstruction.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   