 Mr. President, here we are on a Sunday evening with the  government technically already shut down, a year basically after  President Trump said: What we need is ``a good shutdown.'' I didn't say  that. My colleagues in the Democratic caucus didn't say that. President  Trump said that: What we need is ``a good shutdown.''   So a year later, I would just simply say that Republicans, who  control the House of Representatives and the Senate, listened to  President Trump and they gave him a shutdown because of their  unwillingness to compromise. Now, there is no such thing as a good  shutdown. I think we universally recognize that.   I know that my colleague who just spoke before me suggested that it  is not the President who appropriates. That is true. He is very right,  but what is true is that it is the President who has to sign  something. While he doesn't tell you what he is for, it is very  difficult to figure out what you are going to send him that he will  sign. That is why I have heard the majority leader in some interviews  say: Well, when we know what President Trump is for, speaking about one  topic, then we will figure out what we can send him.    That is part of the problem. The President is intimately involved in  this process, and to suggest that he isn't goes against even his own  views.   How many short-term extensions--that is what we are talking about  here. People at home may hear ``continuing resolution.'' That is  basically a short-term extension of what Republicans ask for before  they sit down and do the homework that is necessary--the hard work, the  tough decisions. This is government on life support, lurching from one  short-term continuation of money to another short-term continuation of  money, to another short-term continuation of money.   When I hear my colleagues speak, I guess they miss the fact that not  one, not two, not three, but four Republican Senators also voted not to  continue the short-term funding resolutions because they understand  that we need to get the hard work of the Nation done. Four Republican  Senators joined with the Democrats to say enough is enough.   It is a bipartisan view that enough is enough. Let's remember how we  got here. If you understand how we got here, then maybe you can figure  out how we move forward. Funding for the Federal Government lapsed at  the end of last September. By October 1, we should have had this in  place. But instead of performing their basic responsibility to govern,  my Republican colleagues spent the fall of 2017 gorging on tax cuts for  the wealthy. That is right. The Republican majority in both Houses of  Congress spent October, November, and December on a joyride of pure  ecstasy, showering giant corporations with trillion-dollar tax cuts,  lowering rates for wealthy CEOs, and saddling working families with  permanent tax increases.   Now Republicans are finally coming down off their high and realizing  they forgot to do the hard work of governing, of having the  appropriations for the government on a long-term basis. But governing  requires making tough decisions. It requires long-term planning. It  requires making compromises in service of the greater good. But instead  of charting a real course forward, for our military, for our veterans,  for our health centers, for our disaster-stricken communities--I  believe, when we say ``This is the United States of America,'' that I  vote for funding for States and communities far outside of New Jersey  because we are all in this together. Yet that hasn't been done. Yes,  for Dreamers as well.   What they keep asking for is a short-term extension after a short- term extension. Any school district, any city, any agency or business  in America would run itself into ruin if it effectively tried 2-, 3-,  or 4-week increments.   This is not the first continuing resolution to keep the government  open. It is not the second one. I voted for the first two because I  said: Well, you know, let's give them some time.   It is not the third one. We are looking at the fourth one. They have  the gall to accuse Democrats--who don't control the House, don't  control the Senate, don't control the White House--of shutting down the  government. I have been in Congress a long time now, and only in  Washington, when one party has control of both Chambers and the  President of the United States and they fail to do their jobs, can you  suggest that it is the minority party that is responsible. It boggles  the imagination.   Yes, there is a 60-vote requirement here. But if you know you don't  have the 60 votes, including the four Republican Senators who voted  with many of us who want to have a full funding of the government, then  you come and you negotiate so that we can get to a point where we can  have that full funding. But, no, you just want to stick on the floor  whatever you want and jam it, and then say: You either vote for this or  you are going to be responsible for closing down the government.   That is not democracy. The last time I checked, this is not Cuba; it  is the United States of America. The American people aren't stupid.  They know it is no coincidence that the Federal Government has shut  down after they spent a year watching in horror as this undisciplined,  dysfunctional White House tarnishes the image of the United States  globally. They know, as Harry Truman once said, that the buck stops  with the President.   They know that the buck stops with President Trump today. As a matter  of fact, it was President Trump, as a private citizen, when he was  commenting about the last time the government had this challenge, who  said that it was President Obama who was responsible, that he was the  leader and should have brought everyone into the Oval Office, sat them  down, and worked it out. Well, where is he? He has been hiding. He  certainly hasn't called everyone in to work it out.   Now, in the face of this entirely predictable situation, the majority  is presenting us with another short-term sham of kicking the ball down  the road, so they can kick the can even further down the road and  refuse to make a real commitment to America's military, America's  health centers, America's disaster-stricken communities, America's  children, and, yes, America's Dreamers.   I can't believe that they would accuse Democrats of playing politics  with healthcare for 9 million children, when back in September-- September of last year--the Senate Finance Committee passed unanimously  my bipartisan bill, with Chairman Hatch and Ranking Member Brown, to  fully fund the Children's Health Insurance Program for 5 years. There  are those of us who wanted a much longer extension. There are clear  studies which say that if we reauthorize the Children's Health  Insurance Program for a decade, we could save tens of millions of  dollars in doing so. But we went for the 5 years.    The Children's Health Insurance Program--that is exactly what CHIP is  all about. It is ``Children's Health Insurance Program,'' which doesn't  stand for a bargaining chip. But that is exactly what Republicans have  used it for, ever since its funding lapsed last September. We could  have had CHIP passed last September. But, no, they were too busy doing  tax cuts--no budget, no appropriations, no children's health insurance.   Do my colleagues in the majority realize how transparent they have  made their motives? They didn't want to give the Children's Health  Insurance Program an up-or-down vote on the floor because they wanted  to save it as a bargaining chip to get Democratic votes for another  short-term sham.   Keep in mind, this short-term continuing resolution neglects other  major  [[Page S419]]  priorities, like disaster relief for Puerto Rico, Florida, Texas, and  California. I keep hearing Leader McConnell talk about reopening the  government to serve all Americans, but this short-term CR doesn't do  squat for the 3\1/2\ million American citizens living in Puerto Rico  who are crying out for help. None of us would have accepted what they  are in the midst of. Many still are without lights, still without  electricity months after.   Nor does this short-term sham provide any long-term certainty for the  Pentagon--for the Nation's defense--which needs to be able to commit to  contracts and purchase the equipment our men and women in uniform  depend on to protect this country from those who would do us harm. Our  military leaders agree, we cannot protect the Nation on a week-to-week  or month-to-month basis. It is insane.   Let's reopen the government right now with a short-term continuing  resolution that keeps everyone here in Washington--the President, the  leadership, both parties of both Houses, and Members to get the job  done--so we can actually do our jobs and hash out a plan to keep our  Armed Forces fully funded and prepare for today's challenges.   In fact, it was Dana White, the spokesperson for the U.S. Department  of Defense, who recently called these short-term CRs ``wasteful and  destructive.'' She went on to say: ``We need a fully-funded FY18 budget  or face ramifications on our military.'' That is the chief spokesperson  for the Secretary of Defense.   I think it is worth pointing out that I voted against the ridiculous  sequestration that Republicans forced upon President Obama in 2011,  after threatening to default on the full faith and credit of the United  States, which has us in this predicament. The predicament that I  constantly hear about our defense budget being under this sword, this  limitation, was created by something Republicans pushed--to sequester  funds from going beyond a certain cap. I voted against that because I  knew that arbitrary caps on government spending and military readiness  would not do justice to this country or the priorities of the American  people. Yet some of my Republican colleagues are demanding a repeal of  sequestration only for our defense agencies.   I am all in for a strong national defense but not at the expense of  what makes this Nation worthy of fighting for and dying for--like the  lifesaving research underway at the National Institutes of Health,  which is seeking groundbreaking discoveries to cure the diseases that  many of our families face, the Alzheimer's that took my mother's life,  the Parkinson's of my neighbor, the challenges of cancer that so many  of our families have, the protection provided by the Centers for  Disease Control and Prevention, the education funding we provide to  public schools throughout the country, the beautiful national parks  that are the envy of the world and the national treasure of the United  States. Congress has a responsibility to make smart investments in our  people and our communities, like funding for our community health  centers that so many hard-working people across the country depend on  for access to care.   I know that some of my far-right Republican colleagues are offended  by the mere concept of publicly funded community centers. They don't  see the critical value of these health centers offered to our  communities. These are places where doctors and health providers serve  every patient who walks through the door, regardless of whether they  have private insurance, Medicare, Medicaid, or no coverage at all--all  takers, providing quality healthcare. That doesn't change the reality  that our communities depend on these health centers, and, therefore,  they depend on us to provide the funding. That is not in this CR.   I would also like to remind my Republican colleagues and President  Trump to own up to the rotten reality that they are all talk and no  action on the opioid crisis that has claimed the lives of thousands of  Americans in recent years. They want to gut Medicaid, and they have  even--some, not all--but some have even gone so far as to blame  Medicaid--blame Medicaid--for the opioid crisis, as if that makes any  sense.   I invite my Republican colleagues to come home to New Jersey with me  and meet some of the Americans who credit Medicaid with getting their  lives back on track and addiction-free. Again, whether we are talking  about community health centers or the opioid crisis or the pensions of  our workers--people who have worked a lifetime, worked really hard, and  through no actions of their own, find their pensions in jeopardy after  having worked a lifetime--this doesn't do anything to help them in that  regard. That is one of the reasons we want a full funding of the  government, to meet that challenge, as well.   Instead of dealing with the challenges that face Americans in their  lives every day, whether they are wondering about the state of their  pensions while trying to pay for their kids' soaring tuition bills,  struggling to make ends meet with staggering paychecks that have barely  budged in decades, helping ailing parents who need long-term care,  caring for their young children when their employers provide no family  leave--I can go on and on, but the bottom line is, none of these  challenges get any attention from my Republican colleagues here in the  House and the Senate, in terms of this budget.   They spent the first half of 2017--last year--in a relentless effort  to strip millions of Americans of their healthcare coverage. It was  relentless. Then, when the American people spoke out and beat back  Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act, they gave up, and  they set their sights on corporate tax cuts. They let funding for the  Federal Government lapse in September and decided not to do anything  about it. They had bigger fish to fry in their borrowing trillions from  China and padding the pockets of a bunch of corporate fat cats. That is  where they spent their time and energy--tax cuts for the wealthiest 1  percent.    Guess what President Trump's strategy is to distract the American  people from his party's failure to govern. It is by fanning the flames  of fear and bigotry.   I was incredibly disappointed to see the ad released by the  President's reelection campaign yesterday that accused the Democrats of  sympathizing with violent criminals, but I cannot say I am surprised.  The fact is, whenever President Trump's own failures of leadership  reflect negatively on him, he responds in the same way--with more  racism, more xenophobia, more White nationalism.   I am not here to politicize the grief victims of violent crimes and  their families have endured. We shouldn't let ourselves fall into the  same traps of fear and division he seeks to set. Instead of that, we  should be having an honest and bipartisan conversation about how we  protect the 800,000 Dreamers who are lawfully living across this  Nation.   Let's remember who created this crisis. It was President Trump who  shut down DACA for no reason other than for political retribution. It  is up to Congress to fix the problem, but Republicans didn't let us fix  it in October or November or December of last year. Now it is nearly  February, and DACA ends on March 4. When I hear Leader McConnell say  there is no rush, no urgency--that it doesn't expire until March 4-- tell that to the 16,000 young people who have lost their status  already. Tell that to the 122 Dreamers who lose their status each and  every day. Tell that to the thousands of American children who are now  living with the fear that their parents will be taken away. That is  right. Nearly 25 percent of DACA recipients have started families of  their own.   Is this the party of family values that refuses to take action to  keep families together? That is what I thought was their core element-- keeping families together.   We presented the President with a real bipartisan compromise that  protected the 800,000 Dreamers from deportation, embraced the call for  more merit-based immigration, and gave billions of dollars to the  President's border security priorities. They are hard choices. I didn't  like some of them, but I agreed to them. It was what the President  asked for.   Yet how can we strike a deal with someone who will not take yes for  an answer, who continues to betray his own instincts in order to  satisfy the most far-right elements of his party?  [[Page S420]]    How are we supposed to believe the Republicans who say they want to  do right by America's Dreamers when, with every chance they have to do  something about it, they don't?   Likewise, how are we supposed to believe they are going to start  treating their responsibility to govern seriously when they cannot keep  the government's lights on for more than a couple of weeks at a time?   The Republicans keep asking for short-term extensions when they have  had months to chart a real course forward for our domestic and defense  spending priorities. The majority has spent all of its time trying to  strip healthcare away, then saddling our grandchildren with debt and  padding the pockets of the rich and powerful.   Make no mistake, the Democrats are willing to work across the aisle.  I have on many occasions--on foreign policy; on the children's health  insurance, which is legislation that passed the Finance Committee and  had seven Republicans on it; and on many other things, including  immigration. I was part of the Gang of 8--four Republicans, four  Democrats. I was part of the Gang of 6--three Republicans, three  Democrats. We are ready to help our colleagues in the Republican  majority finally answer the hard questions and come up with solutions  that fully fund the U.S. Government.   What we don't want is yet another month in which the Congress  perpetuates the mindless sequestration caps that hamper our military  readiness and our long-term success. We don't want yet another month in  which we fail to deliver relief to our communities that are struggling  with addiction amidst the opioid crisis. We don't want another month of  kicking the can down the road on disaster relief that Americans in  California, in Florida, in Texas, and Puerto Rico deserve so  desperately. We don't want another month without long-term commitments  to our men and women in uniform, our veterans, our health centers, our  workers, our children.   Simply put, we don't want the Trump shutdown. Let's reopen the  government with a short CR that keeps everyone at the negotiating table  in Washington working on a long-term bill that reflects the priorities  of the American people.   I yield the floor.   