 Mr. President, I want to start by thanking my  colleague from Massachusetts for the clarity and passion he brings to  this debate.   I, too, am here to strongly oppose the nomination of Andrew Wheeler  to be the Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.   Before I talk about Mr. Wheeler, I want to join my colleague from  Massachusetts to talk a little bit about Scott Pruitt and the current  management over the EPA. Because the people of our country rely on a  strong, effective, and healthy EPA to keep our air and water clean and  to make sure people are not living among toxic substances, we need  strong leadership there.   In the State of Maryland, the EPA is also important to protect a  great national and natural treasure, the Chesapeake Bay. The bay States  include many of the States in this area. We have made great progress  over the years through the EPA's Chesapeake Bay Program. It was  recognized many years ago that when you have a bay such as the  Chesapeake, where multiple States feed into it, so that when you see  pollution in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware, or Virginia, it ends up  in the bay, you need a national response, and you need an agency like  the EPA to bring people together. That is why the EPA's Chesapeake Bay  Program was created. Yet we now have a Director of the EPA, Scott  Pruitt, who doesn't recognize the vital and unique role the EPA plays  in protecting the Chesapeake Bay.   We know that because, if you look at the budget Scott Pruitt and  President Trump submitted to the Congress, they zeroed out funding-- zeroed out funding--a big goose egg for the EPA Chesapeake Bay funding.  That is what they did in year 1.   Then, when Senator Cardin and I and others said: This is a really  important national effort; in fact, it has had bipartisan support in  the Congress, it has bipartisan support among the Governors of all the  Chesapeake Bay States, then they said: OK. We are going to provide just  10 percent of the moneys that had been provided for that program.   This is a $73 million-a-year program. It actually needs more to  achieve its full effectiveness, but Administrator Pruitt and President  Trump provided only $7.3 million in their budget, which would devastate  the bay program.   Fortunately, on a bipartisan basis, this Senate and the House of  Representatives have continued full funding for the Chesapeake Bay  Program for the past 2 years. I thank my colleagues for recognizing the  vital importance of that program, not just to the bay States but really  to protecting a national treasure.   I guess it shouldn't be surprising that Scott Pruitt's first budget  zeroed out funding for Chesapeake Bay protection because, back when he  was the attorney general of Oklahoma, he filed an amicus brief in a  case that would have neutered the ability of the EPA to actually  enforce the pollution protection standards for the Chesapeake Bay.   We can set forth all sorts of standards, we can set forth all sorts  of restrictions in terms of pollution that can fall into the bay, but  if you don't have the ability to enforce it, it means nothing. It means  people can pollute with impunity.   Even before he took the current job, Scott Pruitt telegraphed to all  of us that he didn't care about enforcing pollution standards for the  Chesapeake Bay.   We have also seen other recent actions where it is clear he has a  disregard for adequate protections for clean air and water. The Senator  from Massachusetts was just talking about a recent proposal to roll  back the auto emission standards, auto emission standards that are  essential to addressing the challenge of climate change, that are also  vital to making sure we have energy independence--standards, by the  way, that would save consumers a whole lot of money that would  otherwise be going to the oil companies and the gas companies.   In fact, those new emission standards would save the average American  family $300 per year. Apparently, Mr. Pruitt and President Trump want  to see those $300 come out of the pockets of American consumers and go  right to the bank accounts of big oil companies.   It is maybe not surprising, given the very close relationship between  Administrator Pruitt and the Koch brothers, who worked very hard and  worked over time on his confirmation to be EPA Administrator. With  Administrator Pruitt, they are getting the policies they want--policies  that are not good for the health of the American people but very good  for the bottom line of the Koch brothers and some of the biggest oil  companies in the country.   The Chesapeake Bay and the rolling back of the auto emission  standards are just two examples of a record that fails the American  public when it comes to the environment under this current EPA.   I also want to talk about the work environment today at the  Environmental Protection Agency because my State of Maryland is the  home to many  [[Page S2103]]  terrific public servants--Federal employees, including many dedicated  employees of the EPA. You can listen to them, but you can read about  accounts in many of the publications we have seen about the incredibly  low morale at the EPA.   Leadership starts at the top, and Scott Pruitt has taken an agency  with strong morale and led it down the tubes. I guess it is not  surprising, since he has been seeking to cut the EPA team, the  professionals there, by roughly 20 percent. I should say, he is talking  about cutting those folks who are working every day on behalf of the  American people at the same time he is increasing the number of  political appointees at the EPA--people who really do nothing more than  the politics of the Administrator. So he is increasing the number of  high-paid political appointees while proposing to cut, by 20 percent,  the EPA workforce that looks out for the American people.   Under his directorship, already 700 employees have left the Agency  either because they found it a hostile place to work or were actually  forced out. So I do find it ironic that the Agency that is supposed to  protect the country from toxic pollution has created a toxic  environment under its own roof.   Beyond my concerns about how he actually manages his staff, concerns  about undermining protections for the Chesapeake Bay and other  environmental efforts, we have seen a total disregard for basic public  ethics from the current Administrator. His conduct is not appropriate  for a public official and has violated the public trust time and again.  It seems every day now, when you open a newspaper or look online, you  can find another example of the current Administrator abusing the  public trust.   We have to ask ourselves whether Andrew Wheeler is going to be  someone at the EPA who addresses those serious problems we have with  the current Administrator. How will he help stabilize the situation?  Will he be any kind of counterbalance on these important issues? The  clear answer, from the record, is no. In fact, the clear answer is that  Mr. Wheeler would just reinforce Mr. Pruitt's worst instincts. One  might say he is a carbon copy of Mr. Pruitt. And when we look at his  history--Mr. Wheeler's history--we find a very cozy relationship  between the nominee, Mr. Wheeler, Mr. Pruitt, the current  Administrator, and an army of lobbyists for the coal industry. In fact,  Mr. Wheeler, as we have noted, has been a lobbyist for that industry.  When we look at his relationships, we find that he was advising Murray  Energy. Murray Energy was at that time a top donor to Scott Pruitt's  super PAC. This was before Mr. Pruitt became the Administrator of the  EPA. He had a super PAC. Murray Energy, for whom Mr. Wheeler lobbied,  was one of the top donors to that Pruitt super PAC.    The relationship between Pruitt and Wheeler and Bob Murray gets even  cozier when we see that Bob Murray was a co-plaintiff in 8 of the 14  lawsuits that Pruitt brought against the EPA before Pruitt became the  Administrator. So I want to get this right. We have Mr. Wheeler, who is  the lobbyist for Mr. Murray, and Mr. Murray joined with Pruitt in  filing 8 of 14 lawsuits against the EPA. So we can see that we have a  very cozy relationship there and one that will only reinforce, not  counterbalance, Mr. Pruitt's worst instincts at the EPA.   Among those challenges is the question of climate change. Just  yesterday, in the Environment and Public Works Committee, we had a  hearing. We had a hearing on using Federal incentives to have more  carbon sequestration, to try to take carbon out of the environment, and  carbon recapturing technology.   What was interesting was that every single one of the witnesses-- those called by the majority and those called by the minority--every  one of them, when asked whether climate change represented a serious  threat, answered yes. All of them acknowledged that human activity was  contributing to that climate change--every one of the witnesses, right  down the table.   It is also interesting that that legislation, which has bipartisan  support, uses taxpayer dollars and, combined with the tax measures we  passed recently, creates tax incentives for carbon capture. So we are  agreeing on a bipartisan basis to use public funds for the purpose of  reducing carbon pollution. The only reason to do that would be that we  agree carbon pollution represents a threat.   I will tell my colleagues who believes carbon pollution represents a  threat: the U.S. military. I represent the Naval Academy. A little  while back, I went out there and talked to the head of the Naval  Academy, who talked about the fact that even today, sea level rise is  creating threats, and we can actually see the results of sea level rise  with the flash flooding down in Annapolis, MD, which is home to the  Naval Academy. That is just one small example. Yet, if we look at Mr.  Wheeler's record and statements, we find just another person with their  head in the sand, and that is not the kind of person we should have as  the No. 2 at our national Environmental Protection Agency.   I was looking to see if the No. 2 appointment might provide some kind  of counterbalance to Mr. Pruitt. Unfortunately, everything we find  shows not only that they had this prior, very cozy relationship-- lobbyist, Attorney General, and a lot of coal industry companies--but  on all of the issues that are important to protecting the health of the  American people, we have a Deputy nominee who is actually going to take  us in the wrong direction.   So I urge all of my colleagues to oppose the nomination of Andrew  Wheeler.   I yield the remainder of my postcloture time to Mr. Carper.   I see that Mr. Leahy is on the floor.   