 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to  H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies  Appropriations Act of 2019.   I want to thank the gentleman from Idaho, Representative Mike  Simpson, the chairman of the House Energy and Water Development, and  Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee for bringing a pro-science  bill to the floor that supports nuclear energy innovation. I strongly  support division A of this legislation and appreciate the chairman's  work on this bill.   Over the past 4 years, the Science, Space, and Technology Committee  championed legislation to provide the tools needed to develop advanced  nuclear reactor technology in these United States. My bill, the Nuclear  Energy Innovation Capabilities Act, passed the House three times last  Congress and, most recently, was included in H.R. 589, the Department  of Energy Research and Innovation Act, that passed the House in January  of last year.   A key part of this legislation authorizes DOE to construct a research  reactor. This reactor, or versatile neutron source, is critical for the  development of advanced reactor designs, materials, and nuclear fuels.  Access to fast neutrons currently only available for civilian research  in Russia is crucial for private sector development of next generation  materials and fuels needed for advanced nuclear reactor technology.   The versatile neutron source will also enable the Nuclear Regulatory  Commission to verify data on new fuels, materials, and designs more  efficiently, expediting regulatory approval for advanced nuclear  reactors.   Earlier this year, the House passed a second bill that authorizes  specific funding from within the DOE Office of Nuclear Energy for the  construction of that versatile neutron source. My bill, the Nuclear  Energy Research Infrastructure Act, included $100 million for this  project in fiscal year 2019.   While I am pleased to see the report for this legislation direct $65  million in funding for this facility, we must move forward on  construction for the versatile neutron source as quickly as possible.  My amendment is intended to increase funding for this vital project  from within the Office of Nuclear Energy to match the House-passed  authorization.  [[Page H4934]]    Modeling and simulation can accelerate R&D, but nuclear energy  research must be validated through a physical source like a research  reactor. Building this open-access user facility in the DOE national  lab system will facilitate nuclear energy research in the United  States, which otherwise simply will not take place. We cannot afford to  lose the ability to develop innovative nuclear technology right here at  home.   I want to again thank Chairman Simpson for his support of nuclear  energy research and for prioritizing the research infrastructure that  keeps America safe while keeping America globally competitive.   I am prepared to withdraw my amendment and to continue working with  the chairman to advance the House-passed authorization levels for this  important project in conference if I can get assurance from him.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   Mr. Chair, I withdraw my amendment.   