 Mr. President, today I join my Democratic colleagues to  condemn the Trump administration's efforts to sabotage the Affordable  Care Act.   Not so long ago, Donald Trump ran for President, promising better,  cheaper healthcare for everyone. But instead of making anything better,  President Trump is making everything in this regard worse.   Big corporations are raking in trillion-dollar tax cuts while the  forgotten Americans the President promised to protect are drowning in  higher premiums, higher deductibles, and higher prescription drug  costs. It is time to call out who is responsible for those soaring  healthcare costs.   Make no mistake, while the media is riveted on the President's every  tweet and the Russia investigation's every turn, the Trump  administration is doing everything it can to make healthcare less  affordable and less accessible to the American people.   When you turn on the news, you don't hear about the millions of  Americans who have lost their coverage under President Trump's watch.  You don't hear about how prices for the top 10 diabetes drugs have  spiked over 25 percent, despite the President's wild claims that drug  companies will voluntarily lower their prices. You will not hear about  the administration's cynical efforts to destabilize our insurance  markets and send premiums skyrocketing, like the Health and Human  Services Department's recent freezing of the risk adjustment program.   Look, healthcare policy may be complicated, but there is nothing  complicated about the idea that healthcare is a human right. There is  nothing controversial about the idea that cancer patients shouldn't be  price gouged as they battle the worst illness of their life. There is  nothing radical about the idea that in the most prosperous country on  Earth, every American deserves quality, affordable healthcare.   I know my Republican colleagues have no desire to remind voters how  they spent the past year, but the American people aren't going to  forget it. They aren't going to forget how many times Republicans spent  in a year pushing policies that would have left 32 million people  uninsured, with vote after vote after vote to repeal the Affordable  Care Act. They aren't going to forget how Republicans tried to defund  Planned Parenthood and deny millions of lower income women access to  basic care.   They aren't going to forget how TrumpCare would have slapped older  consumers with a punishing age tax and eliminated the Affordable Care  Act's essential health benefits provision, which requires all health  plans to cover basic things like prescription drugs, maternity care,  and visits to specialists. They aren't going to forget how TrumpCare  slashed tax credits that helped middle-class families purchase coverage  or how it would have ended Medicaid as we know it, abandoning seniors  in nursing homes, pregnant women, disabled Americans, and the most  vulnerable.   Nor will Americans forget how President Trump turned his back on  patients with preexisting conditions--which basically means someone had  an illness in their life or was born with a birth defect and,  therefore, had what insurance companies considered to be a preexisting  condition that they could discriminate against and either not provide  insurance coverage or have skyrocketing costs in order to get the  coverage.   As a candidate, and then as President, Trump promised again and again  that he would uphold protections for preexisting conditions. He went so  far as to say that TrumpCare would be ``every bit as good on pre- existing conditions as Obamacare.'' So much for that. The Trump  administration is now, as we speak, arguing in a Federal court that  these protections are unconstitutional, and you can guess what  Republican colleagues in Congress are doing about it--absolutely  nothing.   Instead of working to make healthcare more affordable, they are  cheerleading efforts by the Trump administration to push junk insurance  plans on consumers, ignoring the attacks on our health insurance  markets that have sent premiums skyrocketing, and standing in silence  as the Trump administration makes the case that the Affordable Care  Act's protections for preexisting conditions are unconstitutional.   Republicans' reckless abandonment of families with preexisting  conditions is even more concerning, given President Trump's nomination  of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. This is a judge with a  long history of ruling against consumers, siding with corporate  interests, and assailing the constitutionality of the Affordable Care  Act. If Republicans were really concerned about protecting patients  with preexisting conditions, they would put the brakes on this  nomination. Instead, they have left the health and financial security  of millions of patients with preexisting conditions in the President's  hands.   There are nearly 3.8 million people in my home State of New Jersey  with preexisting conditions. I have had the opportunity to meet with  some of them in recent months. They are outraged that we are even  having this debate. They are afraid this President could take us back  to a time when having a  [[Page S5255]]  history of asthma or diabetes meant being denied coverage or dropping  your plan at any moment.   Let me tell you about the folks I met with recently in Belleville,  NJ. I heard from Ann, who is a survivor of sexual assault and today  suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder. If President Trump gets  his way, insurers could once again charge her more for coverage. I  can't think of a clearer instance of victim-blaming than charging  victims of sexual assault higher premiums because of the trauma they  endured.   Then there is Mirnaly, who was 7 months pregnant when she suffered  her first stroke. Years later, she suffered another stroke while caring  for her autistic son. Without the Affordable Care Act, insurance  companies could deny coverage to moms like her who have had complicated  pregnancies.   And of course there is 4-year-old Ethan, who is more concerned about  which dinosaur to play with than the pacemaker that is keeping him  alive. Before the Affordable Care Act, children like Ethan were  blacklisted from insurance companies for life. How do you tell a 4- year-old that his President no longer believes in protecting children  like him? I wish my Republican colleagues could answer that question  for Ann, Mirnaly, and for Ethan--as a matter of fact, for all of us.   Fortunately, the American people are smarter than the majority gives  them credit for. They know what is at stake. They know who is  responsible for soaring prescription drug costs, for sky-high  deductibles, for shrinking paychecks, and for soaring insurance  premiums. It is the people in charge.   The Republican Congress has had ample time to deliver better, cheaper  health coverage to all Americans. Instead, they have used every moment  to try to force consumers to pay more for less care. They have refused  to protect patients with preexisting conditions. They have shown zero  interest in helping struggling families pay their bills.   They have handed trillion-dollar tax cuts to big corporations and  wealthy CEOs. Big old corporations aren't using this windfall to raise  wages. Health insurance companies aren't using this money to reduce  premiums. Drug companies aren't using this money to lower prices.   Republicans said the Trump tax cuts would grow paychecks and solve  all of our economic problems. Thus far, corporations have spent $650  billion buying back their own stock while workers' wages shrink in the  face of soaring costs. Republicans promised the Sun and the Moon with  these tax cuts, but here on planet Earth, we know that trickle-down  economics doesn't work. In all my years serving the people of New  Jersey, I have never seen a corporate tax cut pay for a colonoscopy or  cover a cancer patient's prescription drugs.   Americans deserve real solutions that will protect their families  from rising premiums, deductibles, and prescription drug bills.  Democrats are committed to delivering on those solutions. We have  always been crystal clear about what motivates our work on healthcare.  We believe that all Americans deserve affordable healthcare, no matter  where they live, how much money they make, or what healthcare  conditions they face. That is what I have spent my life fighting for,  and I won't stop until we achieve universal coverage for every man,  woman, and child across this great Nation. In 2018, voters are going to  remember who fought to protect affordable healthcare and who worked  relentlessly to undermine it.   With that, I yield the floor.   