 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3728, the Educating Medical  Professionals and Optimizing Workforce Efficiency and Readiness Act,  the EMPOWER Act.   I thank the main sponsors of the bill--Representative and Chair   Michael Burgess, Representative Jan Schakowsky, and Representative  Larry Bucshon--for their work on this important bill.   This legislation will reauthorize title VII health professional  workforce programs under the Public Health Service Act that support  loan repayment and provider training experiences in primary care,  dentistry, rural, and underserved areas.   These programs include the Centers of Excellence, the Health  Professions Training for Diversity Program, Primary Care Training and  Enhancement grants, and Training in General, Pediatric, and Public  Health Dentistry grants.   Investing in these programs helps ensure the availability of  providers who are increasingly in demand across the country. These  grants help support the health professional workforce by improving the  diversity and distribution and supply of health professionals with an  emphasis on primary care and interdisciplinary education and training.   This legislation will also boost training for geriatric providers who  are needed to respond to our aging workforce.   I ask my colleagues to join me in voting for this important piece of  legislation that will continue support for our Nation's health  professions workforce programs.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5385, the Dr. Benjy  Frances Brooks Children's Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act of  2018.   I am proud to introduce this legislation that will reauthorize the  Children's Hospital Graduate Medical Education program with our  subcommittee chairman, Congressman  Michael Burgess. The CHGME program  was created by Congress in 1999 to provide payments to children's  hospitals to support medical residency training programs.   The Children's Hospital GME program is necessary due to how hospitals  typically receive support for GME through Medicare, and these payments  are based on hospitals' Medicare patient volume. Because the Medicare  program is used primarily by people who are over the age of 65 and  children's hospitals treat, primarily, people below the age of 18,  children's hospitals have low Medicare patient volume and receive few  Medicare GME payments.   Children's Hospital GME funds go toward training our Nation's  pediatric workforce, including pediatricians and pediatric  subspecialists, as well as other physician types in nonpediatrics,  focused specialists that may rotate through children's hospitals for a  period of time during their residency.   Since its creation, the Children's Hospital GME program has made it  possible for thousands of pediatricians to receive training, including  at Texas Children's Hospital in Houston, home of one of the largest  academic pediatric departments in the United States, which has a number  of clinics in our Houston area district.    Physicians receiving training in one of the 58 freestanding  children's hospitals in 29 States go on to serve in the rural and other  underserved areas, helping to alleviate the pediatric workforce  shortage impacting communities throughout America.   The CHGME program is needed now more than ever to help train the  pediatric workforce that will be required to meet the needs of our  children and our grandchildren. Our legislation will reauthorize the  CHGME program for 5 years at $325 million, and a $25 million increase  over current levels. The current authorization will expire at the end  of September, so it is imperative that we reauthorize this important  program.   Our bipartisan legislation has 57 cosponsors, nearly equally divided  between Democrats and Republicans. In addition, this legislation has  strong support from outside stakeholders, the American Hospital  Association, and the Children's Hospital Association.   I thank Dr. Burgess and all our colleagues on the Energy and Commerce  Committee for their hard work and support for this important  legislation, and I ask for all Members to join us in support of the Dr.  Benjy Frances Brooks Children's Hospital GME Support Reauthorization  Act of 2018.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers,  [[Page H6602]]  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1676, the Palliative  Care and Hospice Education and Training Act.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and our committee member,  Congressman Eliot Engel, for introducing this important legislation. I  would also like to thank other cosponsors: Congressman Buddy Carter,  also a member on our committee, and Representative  Tom Reed for their  work and support on this legislation.   Palliative care complements efforts to treat or cure illness by  focusing on patients' quality of life. It is appropriate for patients  with serious illnesses, starting at the point of diagnosis through  treatment, and onward through hospice and the end of life.   Palliative care entails communication with patients and their  families to coordinate care, determine patient preferences, and assist  with medical decisionmaking.   A growing body of research has documented the benefits of high- quality palliative and hospice care for patients in hospitals and  payers, and the healthcare system as a whole.   Palliative and hospice care have been associated with enhanced  quality of life for patients, reduced hospital expenditures and lengths  of stay, and other positive outcomes, including longer patient survival  time.   Despite the benefits of palliative care, many Americans aren't aware  of the supports available to them. There is also a shortage of educated  providers who can offer quality palliative care.   The Palliative Care and Hospice Education and Training Act will  address these issues.   This legislation will help create an infrastructure to improve  palliative care training for healthcare providers, encourage the  National Institutes of Health to expand its research on palliative care  and pain management, and ensure Americans have an understanding of how  palliative care may benefit them and their loved ones.  [[Page H6605]]    I am a proud cosponsor of this legislation. In fact, this bill has  285 cosponsors, two-thirds of the entire House of Representatives.   I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this important  legislation that will expand our Nation's research and infrastructure  on palliative care and pain management.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Engel), a member of our Energy and  Commerce Committee and cosponsor of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers,  and I yield back the balance of my time.     Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 959, the Title VIII Nursing  Workforce Reauthorization Act.   I thank the main sponsor of the legislation, Representative  David  Joyce, and original cosponsors including: Representative Doris Matsui,  Representative Kathy Castor, and Representative Tulsi Gabbard for their  hard work on this important legislation.   An estimated 10,000 people are turning 65 years old in America every  day. That trend will continue through the end of the decade. In  addition to an aging population, the United States faces rising  healthcare costs, prevalent chronic diseases, and the rise in substance  abuse disorders. In order to meet this increased need for care, we need  to grow the largest group of healthcare providers in our Nation:  nurses.   The title VIII programs bolster nursing education at all levels, from  entry-level preparation through graduate study, and provides support  for institutions that educate nurses for practice in rural and  medically underserved communities. This program is designed to address  specific needs within the nursing workforce and America's patient  population.   This legislation will reauthorize title VIII of the Public Health  Service Act that provides Federal resources toward nursing workforce  development programs, including the recruitment, retention, and  advanced education of skilled nursing professionals.   This bill extends advanced education nursing grants to support  clinical nurse specialists, clinical nurse leaders, defines nurse- managed health clinics, adds clinical nurse specialists to the National  Advisory Council on Nurse Education and Practice, and reauthorizes loan  repayments, scholarships, and grants for education, practice, quality,  and retention.   This bipartisan legislation passed the Energy and Commerce Committee  on voice vote earlier this month. I ask my colleagues to join me in  supporting this important legislation to expand and strengthen our  American nursing workforce, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. Gabbard), who is a cosponsor of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers,  and I yield back the balance of my time.  [[Page H6608]]        