 Mr. Chairman, as a member of the committee of  jurisdiction, I am proud to rise today in strong support of the fiscal  year 2019 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations  bill.    Our military servicemembers have made immeasurable sacrifices for our  Nation, and we are forever indebted to the brave men and women who have  served. Providing access to benefits ranging from medical care to  education opportunities is a small, yet important, symbol of gratitude  for their service.   The bill before us today improves the management of the VA facilities  across the Nation and rebuilds our military infrastructure at  facilities such as Naval Air Station Lemoore in California's 21st  Congressional District, the district I have the honor of representing.   But, most importantly, the legislation ensures our veterans get the  care they deserve. In fact, I am proud to say this historic piece of  legislation provides the VA with more financial resources than any  other previous year, resources desperately needed in order to ensure  our veterans receive the services and treatment they have earned and  truly deserve.   In rural areas like California's Central Valley, where unemployment  is high and primary care options are limited, healthcare options are,  unfortunately, inadequate. This is especially true for our Nation's  veterans living in rural America. However, this package delivers  targeted, results-oriented solutions to increase access to healthcare  for 3 million veterans living in rural communities across the Nation.   On top of that, more than 450,000 veterans from coast to coast are  waiting to be compensated for medical claims they have submitted to the  VA, and this is simply unacceptable. As a result of this legislation,  we can cut through that backlog and provide our veterans with the  financial relief they desperately need.   Mr. Chairman, I stand here today representing the 22,000 veterans who  call California's 21st Congressional District home. They have  sacrificed so much for us and it is past time that we repay the favor.   