 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  5444 . . . the Taxpayer First Act . . . which would reform the IRS to  focus on serving the taxpayers instead of the federal government.   This commonsense approach should be just that. However, under the  previous administration, we saw how the IRS was weaponized against  certain citizens and groups. This is unacceptable and the American  people deserve better.   This bill would require the IRS to focus on customer service by  improving the dispute resolution process within the agency; requiring  the IRS to maintain the free file program; ensuring the IRS notifies  taxpayers when they are conducting an audit; and requiring the IRS to  submit plans to improve customer service and efficiency to Congress.   These reforms will make sure taxpayers are respected and treated  fairly by the IRS. As President Reagan famously said, ``The most  terrifying words in the English language are: `I'm from the government  and I'm here to help.' '' That's a scary prospect but should not keep  us from working to make government more accessible and customer  friendly.   This bill would refocus the mission of the IRS to actually help  taxpayers, instead of only target and punish them.   As a former state treasurer of Kansas, I understand the importance of  being a good steward of taxpayer's hard-earned money. This bill works  to accomplish that goal and I urge my colleagues to support it.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  5445, the 21st Century IRS Act, which would modernize the IRS, making  it safer and more accessible to taxpayers.   It seems appropriate to discuss this bill on what has turned into the  second tax day of 2018, after the IRS faced disruptive technical issues  during yesterday's filing deadline. These glitches are a clear reminder  of why we need to modernize the IRS.   Today, many taxpayers use their smartphones to pay bills, conduct  business, and order pizza. Banks, businesses, and others in the private  sector have continued to meet the demand of our tech-savvy citizens and  have provided them with first-class service.   In addition to convenience and access, Americans deserve to have  their identity protected when interacting with the public and private  sector, whether that is offline or online. The IRS should be no  different. That is why I am pleased this bill includes language about  cybersecurity, identity theft, and information technology upgrades.  Outdated systems from the 1960s are not the best way to protect the  information of millions of Americans who interact with the IRS each  year.   This tax day was the last day taxpayers had to file using an  antiquated Tax Code. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan  legislation so that taxpayers no longer have to file using antiquated  and unsecure technology.   