 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last Friday marked the 70th anniversary of  the 3rd Infantry Regiment's reactivation, and as one of its veterans, I  didn't want to let the moment pass without notice.   The 3rd Infantry Regiment, more commonly known as the Old Guard,  serves across the Potomac River at Arlington National Cemetery. Most  here and most in the Gallery have probably visited the cemetery and  seen Old Guard soldiers guarding the Tomb of the Unknowns or conducting  funerals. Arkansans who visit me here in the Capitol consistently tell  me that Arlington is a highlight of their trip. That is not surprising  to me, because Old Guard soldiers set the standard for their  dedication, their diligence, and their devotion. The 3rd Infantry is  the Nation's oldest Active-Duty infantry unit, and yet the reverence we  feel for them goes beyond their mere length of service and to what they  represent: the dignity of freedom.   On April 6, 1948, the 3rd Infantry was reactivated on orders of the  Secretary of the Army. The ceremony was held just a few steps from  here, on the East Plaza of the Capitol. Then, the Old Guard immediately  conducted another ceremony to present the Flag of Liberation to the  President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House. That  flag had flown over this very Capitol on Pearl Harbor Day, December 7,  1941. Then, those forces raised that flag over Rome, Berlin, and Tokyo  after we had defeated the Axis powers. Finally, the Old Guard led the  large Army Day parade from the Capitol down Constitution Avenue, where  [[Page S2050]]  President Truman sat in the reviewing stand at the Ellipse.   That is not bad for their first day back with the regimental colors.  It had been only 18 months since the regiment, serving with the 106th  Division as an occupation force in Berlin, was caught up in the rushed  demobilizations at the end of World War II. But the Army needed an  official ceremonial unit in the Nation's Capital, as well as the  contingency force as tension built up between the United States and the  Soviet Union. So the Army called the 3rd Infantry back into service at  Fort Myer, right next to Arlington, and restored ``the history formerly  belonging'' to the legendary regiment. That was due, in no small part,  to the regiment's reputation for professionalism, present from its very  beginning.   The 3rd Infantry was stood up in 1784, when the Continental Congress  created the ``First American Regiment.'' The War for Independence had  convinced Congress that, whatever its fear of standing armies, the  country needed at least a small professional fighting force to defend  it. So the 3rd Infantry started as the lone professional regiment in  the early days of our Republic, when our common defense was organized  mostly around State militias. To this day, its members continue to  display that professionalism by holding themselves to the most exacting  standards as the Army's highest profile unit and the official escort to  the President.   But the 3rd Infantry's professionalism also had a serious purpose: to  defend America. So faithfully has the regiment served the American  people that its history and the Nation's history are thoroughly  intertwined.   First, it served at posts along the frontier, where it protected  American settlements against Indian attacks under the leadership of  General ``Mad'' Anthony Wayne, and it fought the British Imperial Army  to a standstill during the War of 1812. Today, members of the regiment  wear a buff strap on their left shoulders to commemorate that 18th  century heritage.   After the war, peacetime demobilization and reorganization gave the  regiment its current name, the 3rd Infantry. Then, during the Mexican  War, the 3rd Infantry distinguished itself with bravery, skill, and  stamina at every major battle of the war, in places like Palo Alto,  Monterrey, and Vera Cruz. Its famed bayonet charge at the Battle of  Cerro Gordo is what persuaded the War Department in 1922 to authorize  the 3rd Infantry to march with bayonets fixed to their rifles--a  privilege still reserved solely to that regiment in the entire U.S.  Army. It was because of the 3rd Infantry's valor that General Winfield  Scott, the commanding general of the Vera Cruz campaign, granted it the  honor of leading the victorious march into Mexico City, during which he  turned to his staff as the 3rd Infantry passed in review, and said:  ``Gentlemen, take off your hats to the Old Guard of the Army.'' Ever  since, the name has stuck.   After the Mexican War came the Civil War, which divided not only our  Nation but also our Army. Ulysses S. Grant and Robert E. Lee, who both  fought alongside the Old Guard in Mexico, now faced off against each  other. The 3rd Infantry fought every major battle in the war's first 2  years: First Bull Run, Second Bull Run, the Seven Days Battles,  Antietam, Fredericksburg, Chancellorsville, and, finally, Gettysburg.  Suffering casualties that exceeded its original strength, the Old Guard  ended the war at the Union's mobile headquarters, standing alongside  General Grant at the Appomattox courthouse as he accepted General Lee's  surrender.   In the days that followed, the vast majority of State volunteers  returned home to their families--not the Old Guard. The ``regulars,''  as they were known back then, went straight back to the front, again  protecting settlers from Indian raids across the western frontier. They  defeated Spanish forces in Cuba during the Spanish-American War. They  fought rebel insurgents in the Philippines and then returned to fight  Muslim insurgents there, too, in some of the same places where the  Islamic State is present today.   They guarded our border with Mexico during World War I. They helped  to get the lend-lease program going in the early days of World War II,  before deploying to Europe itself. But it was after the Old Guard's  reactivation that it assumed the duties for which it is rightly famous  today: performing ceremonies and military honor funerals.   For its first 162 years, the Old Guard defended America's frontiers  and fought its wars, both at home and abroad. Now these new  responsibilities have defined the Old Guard's mission for the last 70  years. The size and structure of the regiment has evolved, just as  Arlington National Cemetery itself has grown. The Old Guard's  prominence has increased, as it has participated in major  internationally televised events, such as the ceremony to inter the  unknown soldiers from World War II and the Korean war in 1958 and the  state funeral for President Kennedy in 1963. But the essence of the  mission has not changed since 1948.   It is this history, this reliability, this steady, sober leadership  that the Old Guard has become known for. Their skill and proficiency,  their care and attention to detail, their faithfulness and discipline-- all of them--set the highest of standards of military conduct and  character. Our fellow Americans see all that whenever they visit  Arlington. They can imagine it on the battlefield. Then, they have  little wonder why our soldiers accomplish such amazing feats of valor.  That is why the Old Guard is held in such reverence, and that is why it  is fitting to mark this important anniversary.   The Old Guard represents the best of our country, but also the best  in ourselves. Freedom isn't free. It requires self-sacrifice and self- discipline. That is what makes it a noble and, therefore, a fulfilling  way of life. For reminding us of that dignity--the dignity that comes  with being a free people--the men and women of the Old Guard deserve  our deepest thanks.   I yield the floor.   