 Mr. President, the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh by  Donald Trump has left this body and the American people deeply divided,  but I think it has also united every American in the belief that this  cannot be the standard for how the Senate or the Federal Government  should operate. This cannot be how our Founders expected us to consider  lifetime appointments to the Supreme Court of the United States.   As recently as when I was in law school, confirmations of a Supreme  Court Justice used to be a chance for the American people to learn  about our system of checks and balances and the rule of law--what made  America so special. No student in Colorado watching our conduct over  the past few weeks would have anything to be proud of. Instead of  modeling our checks and balances, we have been demolishing them.  Somewhere along the way, we began to treat the courts as just another  front of our endless partisan war, with each vacancy as an opportunity  to bloody the other side and secure an ephemeral political win. And the  latest, lowest point in that story is this shambles of a confirmation  process.    Weeks ago, I announced that I intended to oppose Judge Kavanaugh's  nomination. It was after the first round of hearings and before the  later allegations of misconduct arose. Then and now, I worried about  what his confirmation would mean to the people of Colorado--for those  with preexisting conditions who depend on the Affordable Care Act for  lifesaving treatment, for our farmers and ranchers who are so worried  about climate change, for our children with asthma who are vulnerable  to harmful pollutants, for same-sex couples in loving marriages, and  for the women across our State who have a constitutional right to make  their own healthcare decisions.   I worried that Judge Kavanaugh would threaten hard-won progress for  all Coloradans, taking us from the independent majority under Justice  Kennedy to an ideological majority, deeply out of step with the values  of  [[Page S6554]]  people in my State and, I would say, throughout the United States.   I worried that Judge Kavanaugh would block reforms we need to break  the fever gripping our politics--a fever on full display over the last  few weeks. If confirmed, it is very likely that Judge Kavanaugh would  provide a fifth vote against reforms to end partisan gerrymandering, to  help workers organize, to help people vote and curb the corrupting  power of money in our politics.   In the age of President Trump, I have particular concerns about the  nominee's expansive views with respect to Presidential power and  oversight, views that made me question the extent to which he would  fulfill the Court's role as a check on the executive branch.   Finally, I had concerns that Judge Kavanaugh had an unusually  partisan background for a judicial nominee--a concern borne out during  the hearing last week.   All of this led me to oppose Judge Kavanaugh's nomination.   Soon after, Dr. Ford came forward with these serious allegations of  misconduct. She came before the Senate Judiciary Committee and gave  very credible testimony. She had no reason to make anything up, and she  had every reason to stay quiet, but she came forward anyway because she  believed, as she said, it was her civic duty. Her courage has inspired  hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of women across the country,  including Debbie Ramirez of Colorado, to share their own stories. She  inspired other survivors from my State to call, write, and even fly to  Washington and meet with me earlier today.   For her courage alone, Dr. Ford deserved far better than the casual  dismissal we saw from Members of this body or the juvenile taunting we  saw the other night by President Trump, who continues the same politics  of distraction and division that managed to get him elected and that  continue now to threaten to tear our country apart.   But President Trump is not the issue here. For all the damage he has  done, he is not the cause of our dysfunction. He is a symptom of it,  and that dysfunction is what we have to confront, especially now as we  find ourselves days away from a party-line vote for a lifetime  appointment to the Supreme Court.   I recognize that both sides had their own argument or story about how  we got to this point. I know that ever since the majority demolished  the rule requiring 60 votes for a Supreme Court nominee, there has been  no incentive to select a mainstream candidate who can earn the support  of both parties. In fact, all the incentives now run in exactly the  opposite direction--selecting a nominee who can appease the base of the  party and earn the narrowest partisan majority in the Senate. That  reality helps to explain why this process has been so divisive.   If we still had the 60-vote threshold, it is hard to imagine the  Senate moving forward on a nominee without disclosing their full record  and without giving the minority party time to review that record so  they can ask informed questions of the nominee. That would never happen  if you still needed 60 votes, if you still needed the other party as  part of the decision making, as part of advise and consent.   We would expect the nominee to have to answer directly direct  questions. It would have been unfathomable that the majority would  downplay serious allegations of misconduct, and, in the case of Debbie  Ramirez, refuse to even interview many of the potential witnesses that  she identified.   None of this makes any sense if our interest is in protecting the  integrity of the Supreme Court. It only makes sense if we have now  reduced our responsibility and our duty under the Constitution to  advise and consent to a completely partisan exercise. That is where we  have gotten to.   I have said on this floor before that I deeply regret the vote we  took to change the rules for lower level officials and judges. I don't  think we should have done that.   I certainly don't think the majority leader should have prevented  Merrick Garland from coming to a vote on the floor of the Senate. That  was outrageous, unprecedented in our history. I don't think he should  have invoked the nuclear option for the Supreme Court. I think that was  a huge mistake.    We are going to have a partisan process forever unless we can find  some way back there. This new majority rule when it comes to judicial  nominees is why we now have Supreme Court nominees audition on cable  television networks--in this case, FOX News. It is why the President  held a political rally and used it as an occasion to mock the accusers.  It is why the White House limited the investigation to ignore key  witnesses, allowing the majority leader to declare, as he did this  morning, that it uncovered ``no backup from any witnesses.'' Well, they  weren't interviewed.   It is important to remember what the majority leader did to Judge  Garland when Justice Scalia died. He left open a vacancy on the Supreme  Court for more than 400 days, and we can't take the time to interview  witnesses from a serious allegation from somebody living in Boulder,  CO? I forget exactly how many days it was, but it was more than 400  days. Then we have a 4-day investigation that doesn't interview the  witnesses that have been named, and the majority leader has the gall to  come to the floor and say that the investigation had uncovered ``no  backup from any witnesses.''   All of this--most importantly, that lack of investigation--is  evidence of a confirmation process that has been overrun by politics,  like everything else around here. Only, unlike many other things, this  is a solemn responsibility granted to this body exclusively by the  Constitution of the United States, by the Founders who wrote that  Constitution, and the Americans who ratified it.   This may help one party win Presidential or Senate elections, but it  is toxic to our institutions. We have exported what hopefully will be  the temporary, mindless, empty, counterproductive, unimaginative,  meaningless partisanship from the floor of this Senate to the U.S.  Supreme Court. We should be ashamed of that. We should be ashamed of  that on the floor of this Senate, and we should be ashamed that we are  doing that to an independent branch of our government.   Earlier today, I had the chance to meet students who were visiting  here from Aspen, CO. When I meet with students, I sometimes get the  impression they think that all of this was just here--that the Capitol  was here, that the Supreme Court was here, that the White House was  just here, that somehow it all just fell from the sky. I always remind  them that it wasn't just here.   The only reason we have any of this is because previous generations  of Americans overcame enormous difficulty to write and ratify the  Constitution. We forget that Americans were sharply divided over  whether to ratify the Constitution. Some worried that the new  government would grow too powerful and become the very tyranny they had  just fought a war to escape.   By the way, think about that for a second--that generation of  Americans accomplished two things that had never been done in human  history before. They led an armed insurrection that was successful  against a colonial empire, and they wrote a Constitution that was  ratified by a people who would live under it. No humans had ever been  asked permission for the form of government they would live under until  Americans got that opportunity. We set an example for the world.   It also must be said that the same Founders perpetuated human  slavery, which is a terrible stain on their work, but another  generation of Americans, who I think of as Founders, just like the  people who wrote the Constitution, abolished slavery. They made sure  women had the right to vote and passed the civil rights laws in the  1960s. Generation after generation after generation of Americans has  seen their responsibility to democratize the Republic that the Founders  created and to preserve the institutions that we created so that we  could render thoughtful decisions in our Republic.   Our process for advice and consent looks nothing like that heritage.  When Americans were having that big division about whether to ratify  the Constitution at all, Alexander Hamilton wandered into the debate,  and he responded to those who were worried  [[Page S6555]]  that the government would become too powerful or become a tyranny just  like the one they had escaped. He pointed out the importance of the  courts and the rule of law as a check against tyranny. He wrote that  ``the complete independence of the courts of justice is peculiarly  essential in a limited constitution.'' ``Without this,'' he said, ``all  the reservations of particular rights or privileges would amount to  nothing.''   Hamilton did not say that independent courts were optional. He did  not say they were contingent on political convenience. He said they  were essential to the working of this Republic, and it is for this  reason the Founders designed the extraordinary mechanism of checks and  balances, including the unique duties we bear in the U.S. Senate.   Yet the Founders also knew that this mechanism alone was  insufficient. It required elected officials to act responsibly--to  treat advice and consent, for example, as an opportunity to confirm  judges of the highest intellect, integrity, and independence, judges  who could maintain the confidence of the American people in our courts  and rule of law. Today, we have fallen so short of Hamilton's standard.  Instead of insulating the courts from partisanship, we have infected  the courts with partisanship.   I have not met a single Coloradan who believes that confirming judges  with 51 Republicans or 51 Democrats instead of 90 votes from both  parties serves the independence of our judiciary. It does the opposite  in that it makes the courts an extension of our partisanship. This is  exactly what Hamilton feared. He warned: ``Liberty can have nothing to  fear from the judiciary alone, but would have everything to fear from  its union with either of the other departments.''   Hamilton's warning echoes loudly in the age of President Trump--a man  who has called for jailing his political opponents, deporting  immigrants without due process, banning entire religious groups,  bringing back torture ``and a hell of a lot worse''; a man who fired  the FBI Director in the middle of an investigation into his campaign  and who has tried to discredit that investigation with routine  falsehoods ever since.   If there were ever a time to stand up for our checks and balances and  the rule of law, it is now. Instead, with this vote, the Senate is,  once again, acceding to the White House and undermining the Supreme  Court in the process. The result is that we are going to continue to  barrel down this dangerous path.   Unless we change what we are doing, one of two things will happen: We  will replay this process every time, that of confirming Supreme Court  Justices with the barest partisan majority and tearing the country  apart in the process, or if the Senate and the White House are not of  the same party, we will never fill a Supreme Court vacancy. That is not  what the Founders expected. It is certainly not what the people of  Colorado expect.   We are playing with fire. Unlike us, the Founders knew their history.  They knew about the fall of Athens, whose history taught them that,  more than anything, the greatest threat to freedom is faction. The  Founders read the Athenian historian Thucydides, who tells us about a  civil war that consumed the city of Corcyra 2,400 years ago.   According to Thucydides, the city descended into factionalism. Both  parties spared ``no means in their struggles for ascendancy. . . . In  their acts of vengeance, they went to even greater lengths, not  stopping at what justice or the good of the state demanded, but making  the party caprice of the moment their only standard.'' As the civil war  intensified, both sides struggled to end it because ``there was neither  promise to be depended upon, nor oath that could command respect; but  all parties dwelling rather in their calculations upon the hopelessness  of a permanent state of things, were more intent upon self-defense than  capable of confidence.''   How familiar that sounds today. In our acts of vengeance, we have  gone to greater and greater lengths and fallen to greater and greater  depths. We have ignored what justice or the good of the state demands.  In doing so, we have degraded the courts as we have degraded ourselves.   Yet this is a human enterprise, just as it has been since the  founding of the United States of America. Yet our situation is not  hopeless. This dysfunction does not need to be a permanent state of  things. We can and we must be capable of confidence in ourselves and  our institutions once more, for unlike the stories told of ancient  kingdoms and empires in history, we still live in a republic, and in  the story of our Republic, we alone are responsible for writing its  ending or its continuance for the next 100 or 200 years.   I think every American is probably disturbed by what has happened,  and they all know we can create a better ending. The question they have  is whether their elected Representatives in Washington will do so. We  need an ending that upholds the independence of our courts, where we  return to an honorable bipartisan tradition in the Senate, where we  build a culture that has no place for sexual assault and that provides  an opportunity for people who have been assaulted to be heard and to be  heard in a way that doesn't shame them or embarrass them or make their  difficulties even worse.   I know there are a lot of people out there--and I agree with them-- who don't see a lot of hope for that in the process that we have had  here. What I would say to them is that, tonight, there are survivors  from all over our country, including from my home State of Colorado,  who are arrayed around the Capitol. Their being here testifies to the  resilience of the human spirit. It gives us all hope that however  difficult this moment in the United States, progress is always in our  hands, that it is always our responsibility, and that we need to act  with the kind of courage they are showing tonight by being here.   I say thank you to the Presiding Officer, and I thank my colleague  from Ohio for his indulgence. I have gone over about 5 minutes. I  apologize for that.   I yield the floor.   