 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  what happened in Helsinki today.   Let's not mince words. Today was a terrible day for the American  brand, for the American people, and for all of our allies. We did not  negotiate from a position of strength. We acted from a position of  weakness. As a result, one of the world's worst despots walked away  today from Helsinki with a win.   Vladmir Putin is walking away from Helsinki with an undeserved  legitimacy. The United States took a loss today when we backed away  from our longstanding commitment to principled American leadership and,  frankly, basic reality.   Today the press asked the President of the United States whom he  believed on the subject of Russia's information operation in the United  States in 2016. Did he believe in the men and women of the U.S.  intelligence community or did he believe in Vladimir Putin, a member of  the Russian intelligence community, a thug turned Russian despot?   The choice here was between the people who are risking their lives on  behalf of our freedom and people who go around the world taking  people's lives to limit freedom. The President of the United States-- how did he answer? He answered that he didn't see ``any reason'' why  Putin would have interfered in the U.S. election.   Make no mistake. Putin has a reason. The reason is clear to all those  who have been watching growing Russian authoritarianism in recent  years. Putin wants to weaken the U.S. Government. Putin wants to make  the American people believe that our system of government isn't any  different than his ``thugocracy.'' Putin wants to destroy NATO, which  isn't just an alliance. It is, arguably, the most important military  alliance in two millennia.   Putin wants to undermine confidence in self-government, not only in  this country but around the world. That is why Putin, a Soviet-style  dictator who thinks a lot more about American elections than he ever  thinks about his sham elections, attacked us in 2016. It is why he is  planning to attack us this fall in 2018. It is why there are ongoing  information operations against the United States and against our public  at present, as everyone who goes into a SCIF and reads their  intelligence briefing knows. It is why Putin is planning to attack the  U.S. 2020 election already.   That is why the men and women of the U.S. intelligence community  unanimously and without any regard to party understand that Putin waged  an information operation against the United States in 2016.   That is why Dan Coats, an esteemed former Member of this body, went  to the press today--not 6 months ago--and reaffirmed: ``Our assessments  of Russian meddling in the 2016 election and their ongoing pervasive  efforts to undermine our democracy'' remain the opinion of the U.S.  intelligence community.   This isn't a question of Republican versus Democrats. This is a  question of patriotism versus deciding that you want to be on the side  of sowing discord and doubt in America.   We shouldn't sugarcoat this. Vladimir Putin is a despot, and he is  propped up by a band of oligarchs every bit as corrupt as he is. Putin  fakes democracy while preventing free and fair elections. Putin funnels  massive amounts of Russian wealth from himself to himself and his  cronies and keeps an iron grip on the press.   These matters are not matters of dispute. It is not ``on the one  hand'' or ``the other hand'' or what some people are saying. The  Russian people know who Vladimir Putin is. You can ask the leaders of  political opposition in that country who tried to get a free and fair  election. You can ask the human rights activists or the international  observers who try to speak up against what he has done or show up in my  office to give firsthand accounts in certain situations in which Putin  has intervened. You can ask the journalists who tried to expose  corruption in the country.   Do you know who these men and women often end up being? They are the  men and women who just randomly, disproportionately happen to fall out  of fifth story windows of office buildings in Moscow and St.  Petersburg, the people who just randomly happen to show up in one-car  accidents that either are never investigated or, when they are  investigated, unfortunately, there weren't witnesses and there are  never prosecutions.   Vladimir Putin is working overtime to make the Soviet Union great  again. Over the past decade, he has carried out an aggressive, often  brutal expansionist campaign. In 2008, he invaded next-door Georgia. In  2014, he invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea. Putin has provided  military support to the Assad regime in Syria. Russian troops are  responsible for the deaths of thousands of civilians. Under the guise  of attacking the Islamic State, Russia has targeted hospitals and  schools and many other civilian locations.    Putin is currently flexing his muscle across Europe, although his  preference there is always for more subtle means than tanks and  Kalashnikovs, if he can get away with it. One, he has more deniability  and, two, it is cheaper. In 2007, Estonia was hit with a wave of cyber  attacks originating in Russia--the beginning of a campaign of cyber  warfare that has become one of Mr. Putin's primary tools. Not only in  the Baltics and Ukraine but in Germany and France, as recently as last  year, Russian hackers attempted to interfere with elections, disrupt  parliamentary proceedings, and shut down media operations. This is in  addition to trying to put his thumb on the scale of pro-Putin parties  across Europe, including by spreading misinformation through  influential Russian-backed and Russian-originating social media  accounts.   These questions are not actually gray--gray space war--but any Member  of this body who does their homework, any Member of the House down the  hall who does their homework, and lots of the good and well-meaning  people who serve around the President who do their homework know these  things to be true. These questions are not in dispute.   Putin's most daring performance to date, though, was deciding to take  on the most powerful country in the world with an influence operation  inside the United States. National political committees in 2016 saw  their computer networks breached and their data stolen. Vladimir Putin  isn't obsessed with the ups and downs of political life here in the  United States. He isn't an agent of one party or the other--one  candidate or the other. Vladimir Putin is an agent of chaos, and his  objective is to undermine trust. His objective is to make Americans  doubt ourselves and doubt whether U.S. leadership over the last 75  years has been a good or a bad thing and to doubt whether we should  keep our word to our allies. Vladimir Putin's objective is to make us  think there is no difference between countries on the global stage that  believe in human rights, that believe in free press, free religion,  free assembly, and free speech versus those who don't. Vladimir Putin's  goal is to breach a moral equivalency that allows his thugocracy to be  no less ugly than what happens in our country, where people who often  disagree decide to argue by means of reason and persuasion, not by  violence.   His goals aren't that hard to figure out. His enemy is trust and good  faith. Vladimir Putin is trying to create mistrust in this country, and  today the President of the United States decided to let Vladimir Putin  off the hook and, in so doing, he creates an incentive for Putin to  ratchet up his campaigns of misinformation. This should be a time for  all Americans to stand together against what Putin is doing. It is a  fundamental part of the President's job to articulate basic truths.   While we are being clear about who Vladimir Putin is, we should also  be clear about who we, the American people, are. We are a nation that  believes in human dignity. We believe this isn't just true of 320  million Americans; it is true of 7.5 billion people across this globe.  We believe in free speech, freedom of religion, freedom of the press,  freedom of assembly, and the right of protest--not because government  gives us those rights but because God created us with dignity.  [[Page S4970]]    Government is not the author or source of people's rights.  Governments are just tools to secure the rights that people have by  virtue of having been created with dignity. In other words, we believe  the very stuff that terrifies Vladimir Putin.   Vladimir Putin believes only that might makes right. Americans don't  believe that. We never have, and may we never devolve to believing only  that. We are dedicated to the thesis that the dignity of every person  is worth protecting. It is not the job of the U.S. Government to be the  policemen of every Nation on Earth, but it is most clearly part of the  job of the United States to articulate, on the global stage, things  that are true of everyone, everywhere. We are dedicated to the idea  that humans should flourish.   Vladimir Putin is dedicated to the opposite. He crushes men, women,  and children underfoot for the purposes of keeping his hold on power.  Americans do not stand with Vladimir Putin. Americans stand with the  Russian champions of liberty and of free speech, freedom of religion,  freedom of the press, freedom of assembly, and the right of protest  against tyrants like Vladimir Putin.   We believe in peace through strength, and we believe in basic moral  clarity. That is why, in the wake of the world's two most destructive  wars, Americans created an international order. It is an American-led  international order. The international order embodies America's  fundamental values, and we push back against the drift to Old World  authoritarianism in all of its forms--the very things Vladimir Putin  lusts after.   This world isn't made for the elites, but it is made for American  interests to be articulated because we are the de facto leader of the  free world. That is why we have always negotiated from a position of  strength.   Sadly, today, we negotiated from a position of weakness. In previous  years, many Americans, myself included, have spoken out against the  crazy idea that America could somehow ``lead from behind.'' Today,  America decided to simply give in. As I came to the floor tonight, the  President tweeted that ``in order to build a brighter future, we cannot  exclusively focus on the past.'' Fair enough, but let's talk about that  future. What do we want from it and at what cost? Is the cost of the  future President Trump wants the sacrificing of American moral  leadership on the global stage? Is it walking away from the idea that  7.5 billion people have been created with dignity? Is it walking away  from the idea that America fundamentally announces to the world that we  believe everybody has the rights of free speech, press, religion,  assembly, and protest not because a government might decide to  condescend and grant you this right? The government's job is to serve  the people by preserving these rights which come from nature and  nature's God.   The problem today is not the United States. The problem today is not  the Russian people. The problem that needed to be named today was  Vladimir Putin. Instead, our President decided to advance a faith moral  equivalency that plays right into the hands of Vladimir Putin's bloody  hands. Everyone in this body should be disgusted by what happened in  Helsinki today.   I yield the floor.   