 Mr. Speaker, let me begin by thanking the  gentlewoman from California for yielding to me. And I do want to  commend my colleague, Mimi Walters, for organizing this Special Order.  I want to commend her for her tireless effort here for the release of  her constituent by the name of Michael Nguyen, someone whose family I  happen to know. I rise today to request that the government of Vietnam  release an American citizen.   If I could just share with you my observations about this situation.  We are really speaking out on behalf of a U.S. citizen from Orange,  California, who was detained, as the Congresswoman shared with you, on  July 7. And what I wanted to share with you is he was touring Vietnam  and visiting elderly relatives. I think it is a very commendable thing  that he does, that he stays in touch, he tries to do this once a year,  to see his elderly relatives in Vietnam.   We have been informed that he is under investigation for engaging in  activity against the People's government, which in this case is a  spurious charge that the Vietnamese government is using to justify an  arbitrary detention of a U.S. citizen.   Now, this is an individual who is deeply missed by his wife and four  daughters, the youngest of whom is only 8 years old. Michael's family  has seen their entire lives turned upside down because of this  senseless ordeal.   Now, as I shared with you, I know the family, I know his wife, Helen,  who works in healthcare in Orange County, and I can tell you what she  and the daughters would tell you: This fellow is a loving husband, a  doting father. The kids really enjoy his sense of humor. He is the guy  that gets up, and because of his schedule as a small businessman, he is  able to make breakfast for the girls every morning. He enjoys taking  them to school, to the dance classes, to the sports practices.   As school begins again back here in the United States, it is usually  a time of excitement, but also nervousness, for young students. So our  hearts especially go out to his four daughters, who are being forced to  navigate the new school year without their father.   While his family suffers without him at home, Michael remains  detained in a Vietnamese prison. While in detention, he is provided  only one meal a day and is allowed to buy a bowl of soup extra a day  from the canteen. Michael is 54 years old. He cannot and should not be  subjected to such treatment.   It is really imperative that we speak out, because Michael could be  detained for months on end. Some prisoners are held for years on these  bogus charges.   This situation is deplorable. Michael's case is an egregious example  of Vietnam's troubling history of arbitrary arrest. My fear for  Michael's safety is the same fear that you have already heard  Congresswoman Mimi Walters share with you. We do fear for his safety.  We want him returned to his family here in the United States.   The United States has a growing relationship with Vietnam,  particularly in security and in the trade arenas. However, human rights  remain a core value to us here in the United States, and we cannot  separate rights, those rights, from our own ongoing engagement with the  Vietnamese government. If you abuse our citizens, there will be  consequences.    All levels of the U.S. government should make every effort to ensure  Michael returns safely to his family without delay.   So here again is my request: Just allow this citizen to return back  to his family here in the United States.   Mr. Speaker, I very much appreciate, again, Congresswoman Mimi  Walters for organizing this Special Order today.   