 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, this evening, the leader or someone  standing in for the leader is going to come and close out the floor  with a number of unanimous consents. One of them will be a unanimous  consent to push consideration of the National Flood Insurance Program-- to reauthorize it--a week down the road.   I will not object to that unanimous consent request, but I do want to  speak to the predicament of the National Flood Insurance Program. For  coastal States, this is a very big deal, and this is a program that is  now completely out of step with the conditions that coastal States see  before them, so we have to get this fixed.  [[Page S7223]]    The liability of the National Flood Insurance Program ran up to $30  billion after Hurricane Harvey. It borrowed $30 billion from the U.S.  Treasury. That is its borrowing limit. It basically maxed itself out.  In October, Congress forgave $16 billion. We moved that from a  liability of the National Flood Insurance Program to a liability of the  United States, in effect putting it on our national credit card. That  allowed NFIP to pay out claims for Harvey, Irma, and Maria. At this  point, that leaves the program $20 billion in debt. We are not sure,  completely, because claims are still being processed from the 2018  hurricane season, but CRS says as of September, the NFIP has only $9.9  billion of remaining borrowing authority.   CRS also points out that repetitive loss and severe repetitive loss  properties over the history of NFIP have totaled about 30 percent of  all claims--a grand total of around $17 billion--which is almost a  perfect match with the $16 billion we had to forgive.   If you look at the properties NFIP now insures, the repetitive loss  and severe repetitive loss properties are about 2 percent by number,  but they account for about 16 percent of all claims. So it is a pretty  big piece of our National Flood Insurance Program liability. It is  about $9 billion.   We can keep going forward and funding these repetitive losses time  after time after time after time, but there are some real problems with  doing that. One is that back in the old days, before sea levels were  rising, when you expected the weather on the coast to revert to status  quo after a big storm, they made then what seemed a sensible rule that  you had to rebuild just what was there. We weren't going to fund  improvements and modifications with Uncle Sam's dollars on a flooded  house. You had to rebuild what was there. The problem is, maps are  changing, sea levels are rising, storm vulnerabilities are pushing  inland, and to rebuild in place now no longer makes sense. You have to  at least be able to rebuild higher and out of the way of storm surge or  you have to be able to relocate. To rebuild every couple of years and  get wiped out by a new storm really makes no sense, but the NFIP  encouraged people to do just that because it is hard to get paid out to  relocate.   The relocation rules of the National Flood Insurance Program has to  be triggered by a State or municipality doing its own buyout. If you  are, let's say, a small Rhode Island municipality, you have a pretty  strong interest in not doing a major buyout of flooded properties  because as soon as that happens, they are torn down--it takes a long  time to get there just for one thing, these are slow processes--but the  property gets torn down, the property goes to public space, and the  town loses tax revenue from the ownership of that property. So it is a  shot to the municipal budget to go down that road, and it is not a  decision made by the homeowner. The homeowner is stuck waiting for the  municipality in the State to make that decision.   So the NFIP program--we have to get it stood up again, we have to get  it reauthorized, and we have to allow flexibility consistent with  rising seas so homes can be lifted if necessary. If it makes no sense  to rebuild in that place because it is just going to be washed out  again, we have to help make sure this program allows homeowners the  choice to simply take their final payout and go elsewhere rather than  in order to stay in the program we have to rebuild and rebuild and  rebuild a house the taxpayers continue to have to pay for.   For anybody who complains that there is a subsidy in here for coastal  homeowners, let me say, the $16 billion in forgiveness--this big, one- time forgiveness that we did--must be compared to $44 billion in crop  subsidies from the years 2015 through 2017. If we are going to help  inland Midwestern and other farmers with $44 billion in crop subsidies,  there is no reason to deny coastal homeowners some protection as well.  We can help a lot if we can change these rules in a sensible way.   The States that are being hit are getting hit pretty hard. Florida,  it has been estimated by the Union of Concerned Scientists, has the  most homes and property values at risk from sea level rise--64,000  homes may see flooding every other week by 2045. Those are going to be  a lot of claims on national flood insurance. Half of those claims are  in South Florida, so those counties and municipalities are going to  take a heck of a hit.   In Georgia, king tide flooding regularly floods St. Mary's,  Brunswick, and lower portions of Savannah, according to an article in  Atlanta magazine. The road out to Tybee Island flooded a record 23  times in 2015, and it is expected that with just 1 foot of sea level  rise, it will be underwater 100 times annually--again creating enormous  risk.   (Mr. KENNEDY assumed the Chair.)   It is terrific to see the Senator from Louisiana taking the  President's chair right now because the fourth National Climate  Assessment highlights Louisiana as facing some of the highest land loss  rates in the world.   ``Between 1932 and 2016, Louisiana lost more than 2,000 square miles  of land.''   I am not even going to talk about what 2,000 square miles means in my  small State of Rhode Island, but it is a big deal, and it is due in  part to high rates of relative sea level rise.   Getting the National Flood Insurance Program right--getting it  reauthorized and adapting it for people who are going to be swept off  of their lands by sea level rise--is very important. I do want to  commend Senator Kennedy for his persistence and leadership in trying to  solve this problem.   North Carolina--according to an article published by the Weather  Channel, one beach near East Seagull Drive in Nags Head ``has been  eroding at about six feet [back] per year.'' If a beach is eroding at 6  feet per year, a lot of homes are going to be wiped out. We have to get  the Flood Insurance Program adapted to that.   North Carolina itself has predicted a rise of 1 meter of sea level  rise by 2100. Data compiled and analyzed by NOAA shows the worst-case  potential twice that at 2 meters.   According to the Fourth National Climate Assessment, flood events in  Charleston, SC, have been increasing, and by 2045, Charleston, SC, is  projected to face nearly 180 tidal floods per year--there are going to  be a lot of properties making claims against this program--180 tidal  floods per year compared to 11 in 2014. This is getting worse, and it  is getting worse fast.   In Texas, Rice University and Texas A&M compared flood damage from  the storms that hit Houston between 1999 to 2009, and they found that  FEMA's flood risk maps only captured about 25 percent of the actual  damage. So if you are a municipality, in addition to the problems that  you have trying to deal with protecting your tax base and of having  people flee valuable coastal property as sea levels rise, you also have  the problem that when you look to the Federal Government to figure out  what your risk is and which are the problem areas, the FEMA maps are  wrong. The FEMA maps are misleading.   We saw this firsthand in Rhode Island as well. We had to do a lot of  State-level work to get correct mapping so that our coastal  municipalities could have a true assessment of their risk. Those  homeowners need to know those facts. Homeowners who are now relying on  FEMA maps are being misled. We have to fix that problem as we fix the  NFIP problem.   More than half of the homes damaged by Hurricane Harvey were not  listed in any flood risk areas, so they didn't have flood insurance.  That is another problem. Not only is there going to be a big load of  new claims on the National Flood Insurance Program because of sea level  rise, not only are we going to have to adapt the way claimants can make  their claim so they can raise their homes to survive the next storm or  clear out because they can't survive the next storm, but we are also  going to have to deal with this problem of homes that aren't covered by  flood insurance because FEMA's maps are wrong, and homeowners are then  left stuck without insurance.   For a lot of reasons, my patience is wearing out with this continued  kicking down the road of the NFIP program. I have been working on  this--I hope in a constructive way--and I intend to continue working on  it--I hope in a constructive way--but, again, my patience is wearing  out with our inability to agree and make these changes.   I yield the floor with, again, my compliments to the Senator from  Louisiana, who has been a very constructive and very ardent proponent  of finding a solution.  [[Page S7224]]    I yield the floor.   