 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  allowing me to speak on this ver important issue, and I thank her for  leading this Special Order on this important topic, which is gun  safety, especially as it relates to school safety.    Keeping all students and educators safe is a top priority. On Friday,  we had another tragedy. A small town that few could point out on a map  is now infamous. Santa Fe High School, near Galveston, Texas,  experienced a mass shooting, leaving 10 dead: Eight students, two  teachers. Several students said to the media, they knew this would  eventually happen to them.   Our thoughts and prayers are with those students and with the  families suffering from acts of gun violence, but enough is enough.   This shooting marks at least 16 shootings in schools just this year.  Using the same metrics, there have been hundreds of school shootings  since the April 1999 shooting at Columbine High School in Littleton,  Colorado: Marjory Stoneman Douglas; Sandy Hook; Columbine; Virginia  Tech; and now Santa Fe.   We watch, year after year, as students and educators lose their lives  to gun violence, both in and out of school. Yet, in the decades since  Columbine, Congress has taken virtually no action.   Instead of ignoring these tragedies, Congress must have some hard  conversations about guns, about mental health, about bullying, and  about policies that contribute to the school-to-prison pipeline. And  more than just conversation, Congress must act with policies built on  evidence-based research, not slogans and sound bites. We all agree that  we must do all that we can do to protect our students and prevent  violence of all forms, including gun violence.   In the wake of Columbine, the knee-jerk reaction was to put more  police in schools, invest in security infrastructure such as metal  detectors, and turn our schools into fortresses. The research, based on  such policies, is clear that more guns and schools built like Fort Knox  will not make our students and teachers safer, and likely will  negatively impact vulnerable students.   There is evidence that with more police in schools, they will be more  likely to arrest the children than to protect the children. After  Columbine, we passed legislation providing services for those caught up  in the juvenile justice system, but, unfortunately, over the years,  that funding has evaporated.   After Sandy Hook, no action was taken either. The Democratic Gun  Safety Task Force made a list of recommendations of actions we could  take, like an assault weapons ban, limiting the size of magazines,  closing loopholes in background checks, more investments in mental  health, and funding evidence-based policies that reduce crime.  Unfortunately, no action has been taken on this list of initiatives.   Yet, we have seen virtually no action, even after the situation in  Parkland, Florida. Instead, we have seen calls to arm teachers, allow  racial discrimination in the name of safety, and equip every school  with more armed police officers. These measures have created a culture  of fear and anxiety that actually makes the school-to-prison pipeline  worse, and it does nothing to increase school safety.   We know what needs to be done to address school shootings. We need to  equip our school leaders, teachers, and parents with the resources  necessary to ensure access to school-based mental health services; we  need to prevent bullying and harassment; and we need to achieve safe  and welcoming learning environments for all students.   Comprehensive and collaborative interventions will help address  school violence, improve school climate, and keep students safe.  Students desperately need the staff and resources to better meet the  mental health needs of students. We must invest in hiring more school  counselors, psychologists, and social workers. Trauma-informed care is  a framework that helps all stakeholders recognize the signs of trauma  and provides training on how to support children coping with trauma.   And we need proactive, not reactive, approaches to handling school  discipline. Unfortunately, far too many schools today do not utilize  the prevention interventions and, instead, rely heavily on suspensions  and expulsions. The evidence is clear: the overuse of exclusionary  discipline and the disparate treatment of students of color and  students with disabilities robs our most vulnerable students of the  opportunity to learn and to achieve.   In 2014, the Obama administration released a guidance package that  focused on clarifying schools' obligation under Federal civil rights  law to identify and address racial bias in discipline policies and  practices. Those guidelines showed localities how to reduce those  disparities without jeopardizing school safety. The guidance has  recently been under attack from the administration and congressional  Republicans, who are actually trying to claim the guidance has  contributed to the school shooting in Parkland. Not only is this  claim exploiting a tragedy to advance previous priorities, it is also  factually false.    The guidance package, in no way, required schools to change  discipline policies if disparities did not exist; and if the  disparities did exist, they were not required to take any action that  reduced school safety. Further, the guidance rightly pointed out that  research shows suspensions and expulsions are ineffective and,  actually, a harmful means of handling school discipline.   Mr. Speaker, Congress needs to take action because what we have done  so far is not enough. We must enact commonsense gun violence prevention  measures, and we must provide resources to educators and students to  increase access to mental health services. I hope that as we move  forward from yet another tragedy, that we can  [[Page H4280]]  stand together, ready to support our teachers, students, and families  with real, evidence-based solutions.   