 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last September, President Trump took it upon  himself to create an economic, humanitarian, and political crisis by  rescinding the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, or DACA,  without proposing a serious solution for the nearly 800,000 DACA  recipients who now face deportation. These people and their families  have had to endure fits and starts of uncertainty as Democrats and some  Republicans have worked tirelessly to advance the Dream Act and other  fair and reasonable compromises authored chiefly by my colleagues,  Senators Durbin and Graham, also supported by the Presiding Officer,  only to have President Trump and the Republican majority find every way  to say no, or to stall the process.   This week, however, the Senate has an opportunity to address the  panic and stress the President caused, not just for those on DACA and  their families, but also for our Nation's businesses and our broader  economy. I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for this  chance for an open debate on a solution for Dreamers. In particular, I  again thank Senator Durbin, Senator Graham, and Senator Flake for their  advocacy and efforts to find a bipartisan compromise. I thank Leader  Schumer for his leadership in pushing for a resolution, and Leader  McConnell for keeping his commitment to have this debate. I thank them  all.   The basic facts of this debate are clear. The American people  overwhelmingly support finding a solution for Dreamers that protects  them from deportation and provides a pathway to citizenship for those  who work hard and play by the rules. I believe that a bipartisan  majority of my colleagues want the same thing. The question before us  is whether the partisanship and raw feelings surrounding this debate  will prevent a solution to this crisis from becoming law. So I urge my  colleagues: Let us forge the bipartisan agreement that the American  people want and the Dreamers deserve. Let us end this crisis. Then,  after this bipartisan show of good faith, let us again take up the kind  of comprehensive immigration reform that many of us in this body have  already voted to pass so we can fix our broken immigration system once  and for all.   I do not believe, however, that solving the DACA crisis, which  President Trump in a sense created, should come at the cost of  radically restructuring legal immigration. According to the  conservative Cato Institute, President Trump's immigration proposals in  exchange for resolving the DACA crisis would result in an approximate  44-percent reduction in legal immigration. This would be the largest  cut to immigration in nearly a century. In addition to the profound  effects such a cut would have on American families, culture, and  opportunities, it would also level a massive blow to the American labor  force and economic growth.   According to the Cato Institute and the independent research firm  Macroeconomic Advisers, slashing legal immigration by about half could  initially cut our projected economic growth rate by 12.5 percent in the  next year or two. That would be a significant blow to our economy, and  it could lead to further reduced economic growth projections down the  line due to the reduction in the size of the American workforce. And,  just as our Nation faces a skyrocketing deficit due to the impact of  policies like the Republican tax plan, the National Academy of Sciences  estimates that immigrants, on average, contribute over $92,000 more  than they receive in government benefits over the course of their  lives, and losing these American workers would only further shrink  revenue that could help balance the budget.   If Congress decides to take on immigration reform of this magnitude,  it must be in the context of bipartisan, comprehensive immigration  reform, and not in the context of resolving this crisis that has been  prompted by President Trump.   Nor should this discussion suggest that a desire to do the right  thing by Dreamers somehow indicates a lack of appreciation for the  importance of securing our borders. I believe my colleagues on both  sides of the aisle agree that border security is of critical importance  to our Nation. I have voted to increase the vetting of visa applicants,  to heighten security on international travel, and to increase support  for homeland security and border control by billions of dollars. In  Fiscal Year 2000, there were 8,619 Border Patrol agents on the  southwest border. Today, there are currently just shy of 20,000. The  Obama administration alone added more than 3,000 Border Patrol agents  on our southern Border, doubled the amount of fencing, and added  technological systems, including aerial and ground surveillance  systems. Unlawful immigration began lessening under President Obama,  and today, fewer people are entering the country illegally across the  U.S.-Mexico border than in the past 50 years. I believe in a strong  border that continues to adapt the best technologies and tactics to  keep our Nation safe. What I do not believe in, however, is symbolic  action, like the construction of a wall that would drain taxpayer  dollars without making Americans any safer.   There is a reason that Americans on both sides of the political  divide have spoken out against deporting Dreamers. A great many of  these young people are outstanding and accomplished, and our  communities would feel the loss of all that they contribute. It is true  that they were brought here as children outside the appropriate  processes, but this was through no fault of their own. As they have  grown up here, they have pursued higher education, started American  families, worked hard and paid taxes, and stayed out of trouble with  the law. They have passed background checks, been fingerprinted, paid  hundreds of dollars in fees, and submitted detailed records to  immigration enforcement officials whose job it is to prevent fraud and  spot any criminals in the system. Indeed, DACA status is not blanket  amnesty or an entitlement, but is something that must be earned and  kept up.   Hundreds of DACA recipients served in the U.S. Armed Forces, like  Zion Dirgantara, whose mother brought him and his brother from  Indonesia to Philadelphia when they were young, and who did not know  about his undocumented status until he applied for a driver's license.  Last fall, Zion told the Washington Post that he was deeply affected  when, at age 12, he watched the crash of United Flight 93 in his new  home State of Pennsylvania on September 11, 2001, but he could not join  the Army out of high school because of his undocumented status. Because  of DACA, he was able to enlist in the Army, but both his status and his  ability to continue serving his country hang in the balance during this  debate.   Many of my colleagues have spoken movingly and eloquently about the  Dreamers who have come forward to tell their stories. I associate  myself with their remarks, and challenge my colleagues who have not met  these young people in person to listen to their stories and  perspectives. Over the last few months, I, and my staff, have had the  opportunity to meet several very impressive Dreamers living in Rhode  Island who have illustrated what the loss of DACA means to them and  their families. I met one young woman studying at Brown University who  needs DACA to ensure that she can stay here to attend medical school  and help fill the shortage of doctors in America. Another young man I  met told me that DACA, for him, means being able to drive to school and  work every day to save up for advanced education.   These young people want to live productive lives and, indeed,  according to the Center for American Progress, letting DACA expire  completely would  [[Page S899]]  cost our Nation's economy over $460 billion over the next decade,  including an annual loss to Rhode Island's economy of an estimated $60  million. Finding a solution for these people is not just the right  thing to do, but it also makes smart economic sense, and I believe that  is part of the reason why the American people are largely in agreement  on helping Dreamers.   I also wish to note that this same moral and economic sense applies  to the need to provide deportation relief and legal status for  qualified recipients of Temporary Protected Status, or TPS, and  Deferred Enforced Departure. These individuals came to America from  devastated parts of the world seeking safety and a fresh start, and  they have become integral members of our community and our economy.  Like DACA recipients, they have passed rigorous and periodic background  checks, paid hundreds of dollars in fees, and demonstrated that they  are not risks to public safety or national security. The average TPS  beneficiary has been in America for 19 years and many have been here  even longer. About 70 percent to 80 percent are employed, and they are  collectively parents to nearly 275,000 American citizen children.   Since 1999, I have been fighting for a pathway to citizenship for  Liberians who came to States like Rhode Island to escape two bloody  civil wars and the Ebola virus outbreak. Some of these Liberian  refugees have been fixtures of our community for nearly 30 years but,  like DACA recipients, they could face deportation in a number of weeks  because of the expiration of TPS and DED protections. Congress can and  should include these populations in the solutions we discuss here this  week.   Mr. President, I, along with many of my colleagues, have taken the  tough votes to strengthen our border and ensure immigrants play by the  rules. I have voted for the DREAM Act and for comprehensive immigration  reform that passed in this body. I know that we can address this crisis  if we choose to, but I also know that the only true path forward is  real bipartisan compromise, not posturing or legislative gamesmanship.  I urge my colleagues to support compromise legislation to address the  specific crisis before us and, when we have done that, to begin earnest  discussions on bipartisan and comprehensive immigration reform.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   