 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman from  Pennsylvania yielding and the support of the gentleman from  Pennsylvania and the gentlewoman from Nevada for this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I introduced this legislation with a near unanimous  request of the legal community and the broader leadership in the Texas  Panhandle.   Since 1980, the Federal building and courthouse in Amarillo, Texas,  has been known as the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building. Judge Jones led  a remarkable life. He served in this House from 1917 to 1940, including  as chair of the Committee on Agriculture. He was then appointed to the  court of claims, took a leave of absence to serve in the Roosevelt  administration during World War II, and went back to the court of  claims, where he was the chief judge there from 1947 until his  retirement in 1964.   As I said, it was a remarkable life, but there is another remarkable  life that has made a lasting impact on the cause of justice in the  Northern District of Texas, and it has also been an inspirational life.   Judge Mary Lou Robinson has served as a judge, as Members have heard,  for more than 60 years, more than 35 years of which has been as a  Federal district judge in the Northern District of Texas.   She is a pioneer:   She attended and graduated law school at the University of Texas at a  time when very few women applied or were admitted to the law school at  all.   When she went into private practice in Amarillo, she was one of two  female attorneys practicing there.   In 1955, Judge Robinson became the first woman in Amarillo history to  serve as a judge higher than the justice of the peace level and was the  first Potter County court at law judge. Up until that time in Texas,  women could not serve on juries.   She was elected State district court judge in 1960.   As you have heard, in 1973, she became an associate justice of the  Seventh State Court of Appeals, making  [[Page H6222]]  her the first female appellate judge in the entire State of Texas. She  later became the chief justice of that court.   In 1979, Judge Robinson was nominated and confirmed to the Federal  bench, again being only the second woman to serve as a U.S. district  judge in Texas.   Then, day in and day out, for nearly 40 years, Judge Robinson  presided over Federal and criminal cases with fairness and with high  expectations fitting the American legal system. She took senior judge  status in 2016.   As Members have heard, she has been honored repeatedly, such as the  Sandra Day O'Connor Award for Professional Excellence from the Texas  Center for Legal Ethics and the Texas Lawyer magazine's one of 100  Legal Legends in the State.    But I will say, Mr. Speaker, that Judge Mary Lou Robinson's influence  extends even further than the trailblazing and remarkable longevity  that her legal career would indicate.   Throughout it all, Judge Robinson has upheld the highest standards of  legal ethics and professionalism, being a role model not only for those  in the legal system, but for men and women throughout the region.   She is fair, but she is tough. And here I can speak from a bit of  personal experience that no lawyer wanted to go unprepared into her  courtroom. With her razor-sharp intellect and knowledge of the law, she  was always well prepared and probably knew more about the law of the  case than the lawyers arguing it. No one ever doubted that all sides of  the case would get a fair hearing.   At the same time, those who know her off the bench know her to have a  great sense of humor, compassion, and a warm human touch.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5772 would add Judge Mary Lou Robinson's name to  the Federal building and courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, so that it  would be known as the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou  Robinson United States Courthouse.   Marvin Jones served in all three branches of our Federal Government.  Judge Robinson has served in the judicial branch of the State and  Federal Government for more than 60 years. This designation honors each  of them in a way that is fitting to each of them.   Adding Judge Robinson's name to that of Marvin Jones will not only  honor the careers of two remarkable individuals, it will help inspire  all of us to reach toward their high standards of integrity,  professionalism, and service to our Nation.   Mr. Speaker, I again thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for  yielding.   