 DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, let me just, first of  all, commend Representative Burgess, chairman of the subcommittee, and  Mr. Green, as well as Representative Butterfield and all of the members  of the Energy and Commerce Committee, for their leadership in bringing  this bill to this point at this moment.   As we just heard, sickle cell disease is an inherited blood disorder  characterized by affected red blood cells that mutate into the shape of  a crescent or sickle, and, as such, these cells are unable to pass  through small blood vessels. It is a recessive genetic condition that  occurs when a child inherits two sickle cell genes or traits from each  parent.   The consequences and complications of this disease are extreme. The  Sickle Cell Disease Association of America, with whom we have worked  for many years, has studied and reported that common complications with  this disease include early childhood death from infection; stroke in  young children and adults; lung problems similar to pneumonia; chronic  damage to organs, including the kidney, leading to kidney failure, and  to the lungs, causing pulmonary hypertension; and severe painful  episodes.  [[Page H1242]]    In fact, pain episodes are a hallmark of sickle cell disease. They  are unpredictable in many ways, both the timing of when they occur--how  severe they will be--and how long they will last. For those with the  disease, these devastating pain episodes can start as early as 6 months  of age and can span a lifetime, impacting school attendance and  participation in the workforce. In fact, these pain crises contribute  significantly to the 200,000 emergency room visits collectively made by  sufferers of sickle cell disease each year in our country. A typical  crisis will result in a hospital stay of 7 to 10 days.   Mr. Speaker, we have made a tremendous amount of progress in the  treatment, research, and effective ways of dealing with this disease. I  note that more than 20 years ago I worked with the project at the  University of Illinois running a sickle cell education project, and I  have seen much of that progress that we have talked about, but we still  have a long way to go. There is still tremendous need for research.  There is need for additional treatment modalities.   So, again, I thank all of those who have demonstrated support for  this important legislation. I urge its passage.    DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I commend Dr. Burgess  for his leadership, and Representative Gene Green. They have both  demonstrated, I think, the kind of leadership that we are often  seeking, searching for, and looking for.   Mr. Speaker, it has been my pleasure to work with Representative  Gallagher of Wisconsin in development of this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I also want to commend the first lady of Wisconsin for  the leadership that she has provided. Of course, the first lady is the  wife of the Governor. I must admit that I was a bit amazed when we were  contacted by the first lady of Wisconsin to talk about this kind of  legislation and to talk about the importance of it.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 443, which recognizes  the importance and effectiveness of trauma-informed care and proposes  to implement this care at the Federal level.   Traumatic experiences affect millions of people across the country,  including the city of Chicago. It is integral to the development of any  person who has experienced trauma to get physical and emotional support  after experiencing an extremely stressful life event.   This is especially important to our Nation's children, as adverse  childhood experiences can affect the health of a child for the rest of  his or her life. If a child does not receive care for trauma, it could  even shorten his or her lifespan, and this stress facilitates negative  brain development.   Trauma-informed care addresses the survivor's specific needs in  relation to his or her personal trauma and recovery. It promotes a  collaborative environment between the survivor and close friends and  family, and it addresses the symptoms of trauma that require treatment.  This helps the survivor work through his or her recovery in a positive  way with the support of close allies.  [[Page H1246]]    Though many States have adopted trauma-informed care programs, it is  essential to implement trauma-informed care at the Federal level and  make sure that people anywhere in the country get the treatment and  support they need, not just those in certain States.   It has also been my pleasure to work closely with Senator Durbin, the  senior Senator from the State of Illinois, and hundreds of groups that  have formed a coalition to help promote and develop an understanding of  just how much trauma care is needed.   Very seldom do I talk about it or mention it, but I had a grandson  who was murdered a year or so ago, and there were other children in the  home. It was a home invasion. So I can tell people firsthand that the  kind of attention and care that individuals get after they have had a  traumatic experience makes a tremendous amount of difference in their  recovery.   I also note that I was trained as a psychologist, and so I have  interacted in many instances with individuals who had experienced  stress. So this is an excellent piece of legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I commend Representative Gallagher again for his  leadership. It has been my pleasure to work with him. I look forward to  the passage of this resolution.   