 Mr. President, I come to the floor to talk for just a  few, quick moments about what the stakes are as we begin this debate  over a new swing vote on the U.S. Supreme Court.   This is a fairly simple chart listing off a number of preexisting  conditions that tens of millions of Americans have. What it says is,  the Supreme Court could take away your healthcare if you have a history  of cancer, diabetes, heart disease, strokes, cerebral palsy, mental  illness, ALS, lupus, epilepsy, Parkinson's--the list goes on.   The reason for this is, the new priority for those who oppose the  Affordable Care Act and the protections that are built in it for  Americans who are sick or have ever been sick--their new strategy is to  use the court system as a means to try to invalidate the protections in  the law for people with preexisting conditions--protections, by the  way, Republicans said they supported during the debate over the  Affordable Care Act.   The case currently before the district court level, Texas v. United  States, has drawn interest because of an exceptional decision by the  Trump administration. The Trump administration has decided to weigh in  on behalf of the petitioners, abandoning the traditional role of the  executive to defend a statute. Traditionally, an executive will defend  a statute regardless of whether they politically support it because who  else will defend a statute if not the Department of Justice and the  U.S. Government?   In this case, the Trump administration is going to court to argue the  U.S. Congress cannot, under the Constitution, provide protection to  people with preexisting condition against discrimination and rate  increases from insurance companies. Now, this should freak out the tens  of millions of Americans who have preexisting conditions because  without the protection in the law today, healthcare will be  unaffordable and unavailable to the over 100 million Americans who have  any history of disease.   Given the importance the Trump administration has placed on this case  by weighing in, in this exceptional, unprecedented way on behalf of  those who are trying to pull apart protections for people with  preexisting conditions, we have to expect, we have to prepare for the  fact that this case may move from the district court to the appellate  court and eventually to the Supreme Court. If it does, this seat we are  about to debate will likely, potentially, be the deciding vote as to  whether Americans in this country who have preexisting conditions will  continue to be able to get healthcare. So I just wanted to come to the  floor, as we start, to set the table for this conversation to make very  clear what the stakes are.   The Trump administration has taken the exceptional position of  arguing against people with preexisting conditions, saying Congress  cannot, by law, protect people with preexisting conditions. President  Trump, as a candidate, made it very clear that his priority was to put  Justices on the Court who would correct for the fatal flaw of John  Roberts. He identified that fatal flaw as John Roberts' defense of the  Affordable Care Act. He made a promise he wouldn't make that mistake  again; that he would not put somebody on the Court who would vote to  uphold parts of the Affordable Care Act.   You have to take the President at his word. Most of the things he  said he would do as President of the United States, when he was a  candidate, he has done. A lot of folks here didn't take him seriously-- didn't think he would really try to unwind NATO, didn't think he would  really try to ban Muslims from the United States, didn't think he would  pursue this crazy idea of a wall. He did all those things.   So let's take him at his word when he says he is not going to appoint  a Supreme Court Justice who will uphold the Affordable Care Act, and  the case that is moving up to the Supreme Court today is a case that  would take away protections for people with preexisting conditions.   Second, he essentially outsourced the decision over who would be his  nominee to these two political groups: the Federalist Society and the  Heritage Foundation. We know where the Heritage Foundation is on the  Affordable Care Act. They have basically made it their mission, over  the course of the last 7 years, to try to destroy the Affordable Care  Act. They have essentially written the legislation that has been put  before this Congress, on a variety of occasions, to try to replace the  Affordable Care Act with something that provides no protections for  people with these illnesses, but the Federalist Society is in this  game, too, of trying to attack the Affordable Care Act.   In one of the main judicial attacks on the Affordable Care Act, NFIB  v. Sebelius, one of the lead counsels of record was a Federalist  Society member, and 24 other Federalist Society members signed and  filed amicus briefs in support of this judicial attack against the  Affordable Care Act and the protections for preexisting conditions.   The Heritage Foundation and Federalist Society have been in the  business of trying to take away protections for people with preexisting  conditions from the beginning of this fight. So when you outsource the  selection of the Supreme Court Justice to those groups, you know whom  you are going to get. You are going to get a Justice who is going to  vote to unwind these protections. You don't have to do that kind of  supersleuthing because the President effectively already told you he  was going to appoint someone who would remedy the fatal sin of John  Roberts, which was to uphold at least a central tenet of the Affordable  Care Act.   I understand what Senator Cornyn is saying; that we should just  accept that the nominee, when he comes before the Judiciary Committee,  isn't going to answer any questions and that we shouldn't assume  anything we don't know, but we have some pretty good evidence thus far.  In addition, we have Judge Kavanaugh's writings, Judge Kavanaugh's  attacks in his judicial opinions on the Affordable Care Act.   Seven-Sky is a really interesting case that came before the DC  Circuit Court. It essentially, in the end, upheld the constitutionality  of the individual mandate. Judge Kavanaugh dissented. I will admit, it  was an interesting dissent, and people should read it, but in that  dissent, he goes out of his way to suggest that Congress has gone far  afield from its constitutional limitations in adopting the Affordable  Care Act.   He wrote in his dissent that the individual mandate is  ``unprecedented on the federal level in American history'' and  predicted that upholding the mandate would ``usher in a significant  expansion of congressional authority with no obvious principled  limit.'' Those are extraordinary words.   It is interesting because if you read the dissent, it, in fact, hints  that ultimately the individual mandate can be upheld as a tax. So I  acknowledge the subtleties in that dissent, but that is an  extraordinary phrase, that upholding the individual mandate would  ``usher in a significant expansion of congressional authority with no  obvious principled limit.'' The obvious limit is the Constitution, and  the idea that judges would decide what the principled limit is, other  than the Constitution, I think is something that should be part of our  debate. The fact that Judge Kavanaugh went out of his way to talk about  his fears as to how broad the Affordable Care Act may be, in addition  to his inclusion on the Federalist Society and Heritage Foundation list  and in addition to Trump's very clear signaling that he is only going  to appoint a judge who is willing to overturn the Affordable Care Act,  tells you that if you have any of these conditions, you are in the  crossfire right now.   One hundred thirty million people in America have preexisting  conditions.  [[Page S4854]]  Let's take a few of these just to give a sense of the scope of the  threat. There are more than 15.5 million cancer survivors in the United  States today; 23 million Americans have been diagnosed with diabetes;  there are about 100 million adults who have high blood pressure, about  100 million more who have high cholesterol; 26 million Americans  diagnosed with asthma; 44 million Americans have mental illness;  400,000 diagnosed with multiple sclerosis; and 28 million diagnosed  with heart disease.   Without the protections in the Affordable Care Act, if you have these  diagnoses, you likely will not be offered healthcare. That is what  happened prior to the protections for people with preexisting  conditions; you just weren't even offered a plan if you had some of  these conditions. But if you were offered coverage, you were offered  them at rates that were unaffordable.    Here is some data based on CMS's calculations around operated risk  adjustment methodology. They say that for folks who have diabetes  without complication, the increase in rates without protections for  people with preexisting conditions could be about $5,600 a year. If you  have a drug dependence, if you have an addiction, the increase could be  $20,000 a year. If you have had a heart attack or a history of serious  heart disease, your increase could be $60,000 a year. If you have  metastatic cancer, you could be paying a 3,500-percent premium; that  is, $140,000 in additional surcharge a year. Obviously nobody can  afford that. That is why, if you have a history of metastatic cancer,  you are not getting offered insurance unless you have that protection.  Those are the stakes.   I want to make people understand that we are going to have a big  debate over what Judge Kavanaugh will mean for the future of  reproductive choice in this country, women's access to contraception.  Those are really, really important debates. But I want everyone to  understand that this case is coming; Texas v. United States is moving  through the court system. It is moving through the court system, in  part, because the Trump administration is trying to get the judicial  branch to invalidate protections for people with preexisting  conditions. Despite the fact that the President told us he liked that  part of the law, he has now instructed his judicial department,  instructed the Office of the Attorney General to try to strip away  protections for people who have high cholesterol, mental illness,  cerebral palsy, multiple sclerosis, and it may mean this seat on the  Supreme Court is going to decide that case. I think we can be pretty  sure of how Judge Kavanaugh is going to rule. His hostility to the  Affordable Care Act in his writings, his inclusion on lists by groups  that have worked for years to undo these protections, and the clear  signal from the President that he was only going to pick individuals  for the Court who would unwind the Affordable Care Act tell you how big  the stakes are.   The Supreme Court could take away your healthcare if you have any of  these diseases, and the likelihood that they will take away your  healthcare if you have any of these preexisting conditions is radically  increased if Brett Kavanaugh is confirmed. I announced last night that  I will oppose his nomination, and I will be on the floor talking at  length about many of the reasons this body should reject his  nomination. At the outset, I wanted to make clear that this debate over  the future of preexisting condition protections for people in this  country--130 million people who have preexisting conditions--needs to  be at the center of this conversation regarding Brett Kavanaugh's  nomination.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, 2 weeks ago, Secretary Pompeo appeared  before the Senate Appropriations Committee, and I got the chance to ask  him a simple question. I asked him whether it was still the position of  the United States that Russia should not be allowed to join the G7  without adhering to the outlines of the Minsk agreement. That is the  agreement that seeks to try to resolve the crisis that has been created  in Europe and in Ukraine by the Russian invasion of eastern Ukraine. I  give Secretary Pompeo credit because his answer was brutally honest. He  said that he certainly could foresee a series of trade-offs with the  Russians by which they would be allowed to join the G7--rejoin the G7-- without withdrawing their forces from eastern Ukraine or Crimea.   That is a stunning reversal of prior U.S. policy--the idea that we  would trade away Ukraine for some set of concessions from Russia on  another area of national security, maybe in the Middle East--but it is  not surprising. It is not surprising because, as Donald Trump has made  clear over and over again, his primary objective is to become friends  with Vladimir Putin. His primary objective is to try to square himself  and the Kremlin without regard to the consequences for U.S. national  security.   So I am very pleased to join Senator Menendez and Senator Schumer and  Senator Reed on the floor today to express our hope and desire that  President Trump finds some way to stop undermining the NATO alliance as  he heads for this important summit and understands that Russia presents  a real and present danger to the world order, to American security, and  to the future of global security if we continue to communicate to them  that they pay no  [[Page S4863]]  consequences for their erasure of borders in and around their periphery  and for their continued attempts to manipulate elections outside of  their borders.   I hope there are others in the room with President Trump and Vladimir  Putin when they meet because it is hard for us to understand what  leverage Putin has over Trump such that he would continue to give away  so much to Russia without getting very much in return; why he would  continue to do Russia's bidding in trying to tear apart NATO, in trying  to tear apart the EU, without getting anything in return. I don't know  what leverage Putin has over Trump, but I would feel much more  comfortable if there were some other people in that room who could be  witness to those discussions to make sure the discussion with Putin  doesn't go the same way the discussion with President Kim did in North  Korea.   I also am here on the floor to remind my colleagues about the  importance of this underlying relationship with Europe. I am sure my  colleagues have already said it, but let's just remember that article 5  has only been exercised one time, and that was in the defense of the  United States. That was when the United States was attacked, and we  asked our NATO allies to join with us to try to rid Afghanistan of a  government that had given shelter to those who had attacked us. Don't  forget that NATO exists for our benefit as well as for Europe's  benefit.    Also don't forget that for 4 consecutive years, European governments  have been increasing their defense spending. For 4 consecutive years,  countries have been scaling up their contributions to their defense  budgets. But I also don't want my colleagues to think that the measure  of transatlantic security is simply the amount of money we are putting  into a defense budget. I am not saying that isn't important, but this  administration from the beginning has had backwards the way in which  you protect America from the threats that we face all around the world.  Peace does come through military strength, but increasingly, the  threats we face--increasingly, the threats Russia presents to the  United States and to our allies--are nonkinetic threats, are not  military threats, and they require other means of counteraction.   So as we are trying to measure whether Europe is a full and  meaningful participant in a security arrangement with the United  States, I don't mind measuring defense contributions, which are  increasing year by year, but let's also remember that it is Europe that  is handling the flood of refugees leaving the security vacuum in the  Middle East. The United States is doing nothing--nothing of  consequence, of importance--to handle that refugee flow. It is Europe  that is dealing with that refugee flow.   It is Europe that often deals with the most mature terrorist  organizations setting up cells inside of Europe. It has, in fact, been  Europe that has borne the brunt of terrorist attacks since 9/11 due to  those mature organizations being able to exist inside Europe. It is the  counterterrorism capacity and the law enforcement capacity that Europe  offers to confront those threats that also matters to our security.   It is Europe that has had to stand up capacities to counter Russian  propaganda that floods in particular Eastern Europe and the Balkans but  also Central and Western Europe as well. We don't measure those  counterpropaganda resources in the defense budget, but they are serious  and they are increasing.   It is Europe that has spent billions of dollars trying to diversify  their energy supplies so as to cut off Russia's most important revenue  source--the export of oil and gas. The United States provides advice to  Europe on how to do that, but it is Europe that is spending hard  dollars--reverse flowing, diversifying domestic energy, bringing in gas  from other countries besides Russia, which has made the biggest  difference.   I want my friends here to understand the holistic nature of the  security partnership that we enjoy with Europe and with our NATO  allies. Yes, defense spending matters, but it is representative of this  administration's unwillingness to understand the panoply of ways in  which we need to defend our country, besides just a robust defense  budget, which causes them to misunderstand the nature of this  relationship. It is Europe's focus on refugee resettlement. It is  Europe's focus on counterpropaganda capacities. It is Europe's focus on  fighting Russian propaganda and their focus on diversifying their  energy supplies that add, frankly, just as much to our joint security  as their defense spending does.   Now, I don't expect that Donald Trump, given how little study he  affords to the national security of the United States, is going to get  up to school on all of these different capacities that Europe lends to  the alliance, but it is important for us on a bipartisan basis to  recognize that this is a strong alliance and that as much as we both  push and pull each other, it remains strong. And don't think that the  grievances only lie on our side of the aisle. Our European partners for  years told us that we were making our collective security weaker by  continuing an invasion and occupation of Iraq that was creating more  terrorists than it was killing. So we have grievances with our partners  in Europe, but they have had historic grievances with us, and it is  important for us to recognize that historical fact as well.   I am here to express my desire that this President acknowledge the  importance of this alliance. I am here expressing the hope that the  summit won't be the unmitigated disaster that most people think it will  be given the spirit in which the President leaves for it--castigating  our NATO allies on his way out the door. And I don't want us to come to  the conclusion that without NATO, without the European Union, without  the post-World War II structures that we created in the midst of the  rubble of that global conflict, that global security can be preserved.   We have taken for granted that countries don't march on each other,  by and large, any longer. While we still have instability, we don't  have nations invading other nations in the way that we did 100 years  ago. That is because of NATO. That is because of the set of global  security structures that the United States and Europe have helped stand  up together. And if they fall apart--as it seems that this President  roots for on a regular basis--then our assumption of how conflict will  play out or not play out over the course of the next 10 to 20 years  falls apart as well.   I am glad to join my colleagues today in support of the NATO alliance  and in hope that the President understands the importance of it as he  heads off to this critical summit.   I yield the floor.   