 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk  as the designee of the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Frankel).    Mr. Chair, I rise today on behalf of my  colleague from Florida, Ms. Lois Frankel, to offer a nonpartisan  amendment that Ms. Frankel and I have been working on for some time.   The amendment applies common sense to routine maintenance and  dredging in the inland navigational channels. Specifically, this  amendment would waive a duplicative requirement for routine maintenance  dredging.   When a waterway is initially dredged, the project sponsor has to  mitigate for the impact on aquatic vegetation like seagrass. In the  Florida Intracoastal Waterway, seagrass grows like a weed and must be  routinely dredged to keep it clear. Unfortunately, the project sponsor  is required  [[Page H6090]]  to do costly environmental mitigation every time just to keep the  waterway open and operating, instead of using the permit that has  already been given and the mitigation that has already happened for  that particular area. This additional round of mitigation is  unnecessary, since seagrass removal has already been accounted for in  the environmental review for the initial dredging.   Florida's Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway requires routine maintenance  dredging akin to mowing your grass. The waterway annually transports  tons of commercial cargo and is used by more than 500,000 recreational  vehicles. It provides $30 billion in economic output, including $3  billion in wages, creates 155,000 jobs, and generates more than $540  million in tax revenues. Without regular maintenance dredging, this  powerful economic driver is at risk.   This amendment itself is limited in scope and maintains an existing  environmental protection while ensuring that the maintenance dredging  mitigation requirements make sense.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I will say this. This is so  duplicative and ridiculous. It is typical government regulation.   Here you have an inland waterway, the Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway.  The seagrass removal has been already mitigated. That requires  maintenance. As you do maintenance, you have to come back and do more  mitigation on the exact same piece of property for the same seagrass.   It is ridiculous; it is duplicative; and I submit it is a good  amendment.    I yield to the gentleman.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my  time.   