 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to  me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation, H.R. 4227,  the Vehicular Terrorism Prevention Act.   This bipartisan legislation requires the Secretary of Homeland  Security to assess the activities the Department is undertaking to  combat the threat of vehicular terrorism and submit a strategy to  Congress on its findings and recommendations.   Over the past several years, I have been alarmed with the increased  frequency that terrorists in Europe and around the world have used  vehicles--oftentimes, rental vans or trucks--to commit heinous acts of  violence. From Paris to Barcelona and Jerusalem to London, at least 138  people have been killed and countless others injured because of these  attacks.   With the October attack in New York City showing that these extremist  groups will not hesitate to carry out the same attack on American soil,  it is critical that the Department of Homeland Security is doing their  due diligence regarding this threat.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation would specifically require DHS to  assess the activities the Department is undertaking to support  emergency response providers and the private sector to prevent,  mitigate, and respond to the threat of vehicular terrorism.    Within 6 months of the bill's enactment, the Department must complete  this assessment and submit to Congress a strategy that includes an  examination of the current threat of vehicular terrorism, methods to  improve information-sharing activities with emergency first responders  and the private sector, and training activities the Department can  undertake to prevent and prepare to respond to these attacks. The  Secretary must also include any additional activities that DHS  recommends to address the threat of vehicular terrorism.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman McCaul, Ranking Member  Thompson, Representative Donovan, and the entire House Homeland  Security Committee for their work in advancing this bill to the House  floor.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join with me in taking the next  step to addressing this dangerous threat by passing H.R. 4227.   