 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5228,  the Stop Counterfeit Drugs by Regulating and Enhancing Enforcement Now  Act, or SCREEN Act.   I am proud to champion an important provision that was added to the  SCREEN Act during the Energy and Commerce Committee's markup that  clarifies the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's authority to consider  the potential for misuse and abuse as part of the approval process.   In March, the Health Subcommittee received testimony from FDA  Commissioner Scott Gottlieb that opioid misuse and abuse is one of the  agency's highest priorities.   Last year, the FDA acted when it requested the withdrawal of the  opioid pain medication Opana ER, finding, ``the benefits of the drug  may no longer outweigh its risks.''   Clarifying the FDA's authority to examine the potential risks for  abuse and misuse as a consideration in the approval process is an  important step in combatting the opioid crisis.   I thank our committee's chairman, Greg Walden, and our Ranking  Member, Frank Pallone, for supporting the inclusion of this important  provision.   I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting the underlining bill,  which will strengthen the FDA's authority to stop and destroy illicit  substances identified through international mail facilities, and my  misuse and abuse language which will help protect Americans from opioid  and substance use abuse.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my ranking member.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5327, the Comprehensive Opioid  Recovery Centers Act.   The opioid epidemic is harming Americans in communities throughout  our great country, including my hometown of Houston, Texas. In 2016  alone, over 42,000 Americans died due to an opioid-related overdose,  based on data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.   More must be done to give Americans access to treatment and the full  continuum of care they need to recover from substance abuse and live a  full and healthy life.   For these reasons, I was proud to introduce the Comprehensive Opioid  Recovery Centers Act with Representatives Brett Guthrie, Ben Ray Lujan,  and Larry Bucshon in March.   This legislation will fund the designated treatment centers where  Americans suffering from opioid abuse can receive comprehensive  patient-centered care. Our bill would allow designated treatment  centers to provide a wider variety of treatment options tailored to the  specific needs of its clients.   Covered services under this bill would include mental health,  medication-assisted treatment, counseling, recovery housing, peer  support, and job training and placement to support reintegration into  the workforce. These wraparound services have been shown to help many  Americans who have successfully overcome opioid addiction. It is our  intention that this bill will help develop world-class models for  treatment and recovery that can be duplicated nationwide.   I would like to thank Congressmen Guthrie, Lujan, and Bucshon for  their hard work on this bill. I would also like to thank our ranking  member, Frank Pallone, and our chair,  Greg Walden, for their support  of our bill and their assistance moving this legislation through  committee and on to the House floor today.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me and vote in support of  this important legislation.   