 Mr. Chair, Soto amendment number 3 to H.R. 4, FAA  Reauthorization Act of 2018, would require a sink or sanitizing  equipment in the lactation area in commercial service airports.   This small but significant change would benefit traveling mothers and  children. A 2014 study in Breastfeeding Medicine showed that only 62 of  the top 100 passenger-volume U.S. airports labeled themselves as  ``breastfeeding friendly''. However, they found that only eight of the  100 surveyed airports provided the minimum requirements for a lactation  room, as set forth under Section 122 of this bill.   I am pleased to see that this bill would require medium or large hub  airports to maintain lactation areas in each passenger terminal  building with minimum requirements of a chair, table, and electrical  outlet. With the inclusion of my amendment, traveling mother will now  have access to sanitation equipment, too.   I thank Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio, and the staff of  the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure for their  support and for working with me on this amendment. I thank my  colleagues for their support on this issue.    Mr. Chair, Soto amendment, Soto number 21, to the FAA  Reauthorization Act of 2018, H.R. 4, would require the FAA  Administrator to also consider the potential emergency medical needs of  pregnant women when evaluating the minimum contents of approved medical  kits--currently the bill only  [[Page H3651]]  specifies the consideration of children's emergency medical needs.   Obstetrical symptoms, while rare causes of in-flight medical  emergencies, should be given consideration when evaluating the adequacy  of in-flight emergency medical kits.   I am pleased to see that this bill would require the consideration of  the potential emergency medical needs of pregnant women. I thank  Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio, and the staff of the House  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, for their support and for  working with me on this amendment. I also thank my colleagues for their  support on this issue.   