 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume,  and rise today in support of H.R. 4279.   This was a thoroughly negotiated bill, incorporating the views of  affected funds and consumer and investor advocacy groups.   My staff worked with Congressman Hollingsworth's staff up to the  eleventh hour in committee, demonstrating the importance of bipartisan  relationships in creating legislation. The ranking member's staff and  the chairman's staff worked with us throughout this process, and I  offered an amendment that we all agreed to.   My amendment simply changed the approach the bill used to accomplish  parity for closed-end investment funds with operating companies under  the SEC's securities offering reforms of 2005.   Moving this bill in regular order, we heard in a legislative hearing  that there were reasons why parity might not mean identical treatment.  This amendment would direct the SEC to propose, within 180 days, a rule  that would allow closed-end funds that are listed or have periodic  redemptions--interval funds--to be treated as well-known seasoned  issuers, WKSIs.   This rule will have to be finalized within a year, or else the bill  will provide a statutory ability for these companies to qualify if they  meet the other criteria currently applicable to operating companies.  The SEC can act at any time thereafter to propose rules that would be  controlling for closed-end funds covered by the bill.   I encourage the SEC to consider the disclosure regime under the  Investment Company Act of 1940 to promulgate a rule that will allow  listed closed-end funds and interval funds to use the streamlined  offering and proxy rules that are available to WKSIs.   This bill will increase options for investors and savers while  ensuring that protections appropriate to a WKSI are applied to closed- end and interval funds.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill as  it comes to a decision on the floor, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, at this point I have no further speakers, so  I would like to close with a few words here.   This bipartisan bill will increase options for investors and savers  while ensuring that the protections appropriate to a WKSI are applied  to closed-end fund and interval funds. It is my hope that we can do  more bipartisan work like this in our committee and in our Congress for  the remainder of this term.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   