 Mr. Speaker, I came down to the floor today to address  the resolution we have talked about regarding the carbon tax, but since  then, I think something else has come up.   We just heard one of my colleagues, I think, kind of belittle Uber  drivers and waiters and waitresses. I tell you, when I take an Uber, I  don't think it is something that you have to resort to, to take that  job. I think it is a very hard job, going all about the city, being  able to get along with sometimes difficult people, working nights.  Waiters and waitresses, same thing. I have worked in kitchens. I don't  think one should say that one has to resort to these jobs.   It is kind of a thing that some Congressmen have around here that I  don't like. They become removed, and they sometimes think that they are  more important than people doing other jobs.   I think those are both fine jobs. I respect the Uber drivers who  drive me around this city. I used to work in a kitchen, and I respect  the waiters and waitresses. I don't believe one should describe working  as an Uber driver or a waiter and a waitress as something people have  to resort to. They are fine jobs.   Now, I guess I came down here for the carbon tax. I will point out  that I think the carbon tax, if implemented and people throw it out  there, the carbon tax will fall on the average guy the most. It is  something that falls on people who drive a car, which will be a  regressive tax. It falls on people who heat  [[Page H6566]]  their homes, which will be a regressive tax.   It bothers me, particularly when disproportionately it comes from the  party that purports to represent the average guy, that when they think  of a new tax to apply out there, they are going to promote a tax that  disproportionately affects the average guy, because everybody has a  heat bill, almost everybody has a car.   I think, among the other things that would cause a damper on the  American economy, I don't like taxes that disproportionately hit the  average guy.   