 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 2083, which would provide  targeted relief to endangered salmon and steelhead stocks in the  Columbia River and its tributaries from the threat of predation by non- native sea lions.   Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague Ms. Herrera Beutler for her work on  this bill, and Mr. Schrader from Oregon, and take this opportunity to  highlight the many weeks of bipartisan negotiations, which included  revisions from the National Marine Fisheries Service, our State and  Tribal wildlife comanagers, and other key stakeholders that resulted in  this compromise bill text.   It is because of that consensus that I am able to voice my support  for this bill today. I am thankful for that because I care about salmon  and protecting salmon. I care about fishing jobs, and I care about  Tribal treaty rights. And I care about the other animals in our  ecosystem that rely on a healthy salmon stock, like the endangered  Southern Resident orca population, of which there are few in our  oceans, fewer than the number of people who serve in this Chamber.   We have heard from our State and Tribal wildlife managers that, if  salmon predation at the Willamette Falls choke point is not addressed  immediately, there is a 90 percent probability that at least one of the  winter steelhead populations will go extinct.   Enhanced management of the sea lion predators at this site would make  a difference immediately. I also want to underscore that we already  have years of data to show that nonlethal hazing and relocation  measures currently employed by our wildlife managers have not been  effective at controlling the predators. In fact, the problem has only  gotten worse.   A decade ago, these predators used to congregate only at distinct  choke points created by the Bonneville Dam and Willamette Falls. Today,  they are moving further inland into the narrow tributaries of the  Columbia basin.   But there is good news. Research from Oregon State University  suggests that only a small portion of the sea lion population will ever  exhibit this behavior and removing these animals before they acclimate  to these areas prevents additional animals from learning this behavior.   So, the sooner we act, the fewer animals that will ultimately be  affected.   To put this in perspective, of the 4,000 California sea lions in the  Columbia River estuary, only about 200 ever swim upriver past the 112- mile mark. It is these animals that are having the greatest effect on  the most vulnerable stocks in the watershed.    I will tell you what is at stake: Jobs. It is the livelihood of our  commercial, recreational, and Tribal fishermen who are counting on us  to rebuild these stocks. It is the future of our Southern Resident orca  population that depends on spring chinook as a key food source. It is  the identity of the Pacific Northwest that, in many ways, is defined by  these iconic fish.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan compromise  so that our State and Tribal wildlife comanagers have the tools they  need to address this threat in the most responsible and targeted way  possible.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment to  H.R. 2083.   This simple amendment would narrow the scope of this bill to clarify  our intent that the lethal take authority should be limited to sea  lions, rather than all pinnipeds.   This small but important distinction will help to ensure this  authority targets only those animals that pose an imminent threat to  our native ESA-listed salmon and steelhead stocks.   It will also help to align our bill with the Senate version that was  recently introduced by Senators Cantwell and Risch, hopefully ensuring  that this bill gets across the finish line as quickly as possible.   That is absolutely critical, because some of our most vulnerable  stocks face an imminent risk of extinction due to nonnative sea lion  predation. So we must act now if we are going to save these runs.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have no further speakers on this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I thank the majority for their support of this amendment  and for moving this important legislation forward, and I urge my  colleagues to adopt it.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   