 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the Patient Right to Know  Drug Prices Act, an important bill that will ensure consumers can get  the lowest price for their drugs.   This bill is also aligned with the bipartisan Biosimilars Competition  Act, a bill that I introduced that will shine a light on secret  agreements called pay-for-delay deals. Pay-for-delay deals are great  deals for the drug companies, but they are bad deals for consumers.  Pay-for-delay refers to a practice where brand-name drug or biologic  manufacturers make agreements with competing manufacturers to keep  their lower-cost drugs off the market in exchange for a settlement.   Brand-name drugs often have exorbitant costs compared to their  generic counterparts. Although they make up approximately--listen to  the statistics--although they make up approximately 10 percent of all  drugs dispensed in America, brand-name drugs make up 72 percent of U.S.  drug spending. A 2013 FTC report estimates that these pay-for-delay  agreements cost consumers $3.5 billion each year.   FTC currently has the authority--and this is good--to review  agreements like these between conventional drug manufacturers. But this  authority does not extend to the manufacturers of biologic and  biosimilar drugs, which are new, cutting-edge drugs that are often  extremely expensive.   This means that right now, we have no way of knowing how many of  these backroom deals occur between manufacturers of biologic and  biosimilar drugs. That is why I introduced the Biosimilars Competition  Act, a bipartisan bill, which would combat these agreements that keep  drug prices high and have the effect of harming patients.   These provisions would require manufacturers of biologics and  biosimilar drugs to report pay-for-delay agreements and file them with  the FTC and the Department of Justice for review of antitrust and  anticompetitive behavior.   Granting the FTC the authority to monitor these deals and punish bad  actors, will deter many of these backroom deals from being made in the  first place, and will help crack down on unfair deals that give  millions of dollars to big pharmaceutical companies, while forcing  American consumers to pay more for lifesaving drugs.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support these new requirements  because they are good for consumers. They will increase transparency in  drug pricing, and add more competition to the drug market, both of  which will help lower drug costs at the pharmacy.   