 Mr. President, one out of four women in this country has  been a victim of sexual assault. This is an epidemic, and it tells me-- and I think the vast majority of the American people--that we need a  culture change in the way boys and men respond to women.   Last night, the President of the United States--instead of  understanding that we have to change our culture, instead of  understanding that we have to make it easier for women who have been  victims of sexual assault to come forward and tell their stories--got  up on a podium in Mississippi and mocked Dr. Ford, made fun of her.   Here is a woman who has come forward to do what she thought was right  as an American citizen, understanding from day one that she would be  attacked by political opponents. The result of her having come forward  was that she has received death threats; she has been separated from  her children; and she has had Nazis protesting outside her house. That  is what she has gone through, and the President's response to her  courage is to mock her, to make fun of her.   What kind of message does that send to women and men all over this  country--women who are struggling to determine whether, when they come  forward, they will be laughed at, they will be rejected?   The President of the United States should lead this country in  changing that type of culture, making it easier for women to come  forward and tell their stories, making it clear to boys and men that in  this country, that type of behavior is unacceptable. Yet we had a  leader of our country, a President of the United States, mocking this  woman.   I hope that every Member of this Chamber, regardless of their  feelings about Kavanaugh, would come forward and express disgust and  outrage at the behavior of President Trump with regard to Dr. Ford.   A number of my Republican colleagues have come forward and said: You  know, at the very beginning of this process, well before the  allegations of sexual assault or the veracity of Mr. Kavanaugh, there  were people coming forward, saying they were opposed to the nomination.  I plead guilty. I was one of those people. I announced my opposition to  Judge Kavanaugh probably a day after Trump made that nomination.   Let me tell you exactly why I came out early against Judge Kavanaugh.  The reason is that for years now there has been a hard right 5-to-4  majority on the Supreme Court who have time and again made rulings that  represented the wealthy and the powerful, rulings against the interests  of working families, women, the environment, children, and the poor.  Based on the statements that Kavanaugh has made over the years and  based on his judicial rulings, I had no doubt that, if seated,  Kavanaugh would become part of that hard-right majority. I should tell  you now, based on the last hearing that took place before the Judiciary  Committee where we saw Mr. Kavanaugh's politics come out, my initial  judgment turned out to be exactly right.   If he is seated, he will be part of the hard right--a hard right that  ruled on Citizens United that billionaires in America have the right to  undermine our democracy and spend as much money as they want to elect  candidates who represent the wealthy and the powerful. I fear that if  Kavanaugh is on the Supreme Court, he will take Citizens United even  further.   We have a hard right on the Supreme Court by a 5-to-4 vote that  gutted the Voting Rights Act--an act designed to protect minorities  from discrimination in terms of their ability to vote. Literally the  day after that decision came down, there were Republican Governors and  attorneys general all over this country working overtime, shamefully,  cowardly, to make it harder for poor people, people of color, and young  people to vote. I have no doubt that if Mr. Kavanaugh is seated, he  will be part of that hard-right philosophy. So I apologize to nobody  for, within 1 day of that nomination, saying that I was opposed to it.  That is my view.   Obviously, many of my Republican colleagues, maybe some Democrats,  did not reach that conclusion. However, in the past 3 months and  especially in the past few weeks, we have heard credible accusations of  sexual assault by several women. These are charges that must be  thoroughly and seriously investigated by the FBI.   If confirmed, Judge Kavanaugh will have a lifetime seat on the  Supreme Court--a lifetime seat. Yet we have the Republican leader and  other Members saying: We have to rush this process along. We have to  give the FBI just a few days in order to complete their investigation  because, my goodness, we have to fill that empty seat on the Supreme  Court. How hypocritical is that?   Let me remind my colleagues that less than 2\1/2\ short years ago,  following the death of Justice Scalia, my Republican colleagues simply  refused to even consider President Obama's nomination of Merrick  Garland for a seat on the Supreme Court, and they left that seat open  for 10 months until they got a Republican President. If you could wait  for 10 months to fill that empty seat, I think you can wait a few weeks  more for us to do a thorough investigation of the allegations against  Judge Kavanaugh.    We are dealing with not only Judge Kavanaugh's rightwing political  philosophy; we are dealing with not only the serious allegations of  sexual assault, which have to be thoroughly investigated; we are  dealing with another very important issue, and that is the issue of  veracity, whether Judge Kavanaugh was honest and truthful in terms of  his responses to questions asked of him recently and years before when  he came before the Judiciary Committee. I have heard colleagues say--I  think rightfully--that regardless of philosophy, if somebody lies to a  [[Page S6480]]  U.S. Senate committee, that person should not be seated.   What we need right now, not in a few days' period, is a thorough  investigation not only of the charges, the allegations of sexual  assault, but also issues of whether Judge Kavanaugh has been honest  when he has come before the Judiciary Committee.   Let me give a few examples of what I mean--things that need to be  explored. In his previous testimony before the committee, Judge  Kavanaugh was asked more than 100 times whether he knew about files  stolen by Republican staffers from Judiciary Committee Democratic  staffers. He said he didn't know anything about it when he was in the  Bush White House. Yet emails released as part of these hearings show  these files were regularly shared with Kavanaugh while he was on the  Bush White House staff. In fact, one of the emails had the subject line  ``spying.'' Was Judge Kavanaugh telling the truth, or was he lying? We  have to determine that.   In 2006, Judge Kavanaugh told Congress he didn't know anything about  the NSA warrantless wiretapping program prior to it being reported by  the New York Times. This year, an email revealed that while at the  White House, he might have been involved in some conversations about  this program. Was Judge Kavanaugh telling the truth in his response to  the committee?   In 2004, Judge Kavanaugh testified that the nomination of William  Pryor to the 11th Circuit Court ``was not one that I worked on  personally''--again, when he was in the Bush White House. Documents now  contradict that statement.   Newly released documents also call into question whether Judge  Kavanaugh was truthful that the nomination of Charles Pickering ``was  not one of the judicial nominees that I was primarily handling.'' Was  he telling the truth?   If he was not telling the truth on these issues, does that tell us  something about the character of this man who wants to take a seat on  the Supreme Court?   In 2006, Judge Kavanaugh testified: ``I was not involved and am not  involved in the questions about the rules governing detention of  combatants.'' New evidence released as part of these confirmation  hearings contradicts that assertion.   Those are issues not dealing with the allegations of sexual assault.  In terms of the recent allegations, Judge Kavanaugh repeatedly told the  committee that he never drank to the point where he didn't remember  something. He also denied ever becoming aggressive when he drinks. This  is not an issue of whether somebody drinks. Millions of people drink.  This is an issue of whether he was being honest in his responses. As  you know, there have been a number of reports from those people Judge  Kavanaugh attended high school with and attended college and law school  with that contradict his assertion about his drinking habits. Judge  Kavanaugh himself, in a 2001 email, referenced ``growing aggressive''  during a weekend vacation but that he ``didn't remember.'' Again, the  issue here is not drinking; the issue is veracity. Was he telling the  truth?   On another issue, Judge Kavanaugh testified that he treated women  ``as friends and equals'' and with ``dignity and respect.'' Numerous  entries in his school yearbook would seem to suggest otherwise. Was  Judge Kavanaugh's statements to the committee truthful? Again, whether  you like his philosophy or you don't, it is important for us to  ascertain the veracity of his testimony.   Judge Kavanaugh claimed that he and Dr. Ford ``did not travel in the  same social circles.'' Dr. Ford said that she dated Chris Garrett,  referenced as a friend in his yearbook. In fact, she testified that  Garrett introduced her to Kavanaugh.   Kavanaugh claimed numerous times in response to Dr. Ford's  allegations that ``all four witnesses say it didn't happen'' and that  witnesses ``refuted'' Dr. Ford's story. Yet one of the witnesses simply  said she didn't remember the party in question that took place decades  ago but that, in fact, she believes Dr. Ford.   Kavanaugh testified that he had ``no connections'' to Yale, when, in  fact, he was a legacy student whose grandfather attended the school.   Kavanaugh claimed that he had no idea his mentor and good friend Alex  Kozinski was sexually harassing his clerks and creating a hostile work  environment, but Kozinski's behavior was such an open secret that some  law schools were warning potential applicants to stay away from  Kozinski. Kavanaugh claims he was not on Kozinski's infamous email list  but refused to even search his emails to double-check. Was Judge  Kavanaugh telling the truth about his relationship with Judge Kozinski?   These are very serious issues. Millions of Americans are deeply  involved and concerned about these issues--issues not only about  philosophy, issues about sexual harassment of women, issues about  veracity. This is a question we have to get to the bottom of. We do not  need artificial time limitations. Let's do it right, before we cast a  vote on Judge Kavanaugh.   I yield the floor.   