 Mr. President, I heard the remarks of my colleague from  Illinois, and I, too, hope that we can get past the rhetoric and the  talking points of the past and actually do something meaningful when it  comes to public safety and address the terrible tragedies like the one  that occurred at Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida just 2 weeks  ago. But we are not going to do it by trotting out our laundry lists of  requests and saying that it has to be all of this or nothing because  when you say here in Washington--and particularly in Congress--``I want  everything on my list or I want nothing,'' one thing is for sure. You  will end up with nothing, and that simply is an unacceptable outcome,  particularly when it comes to the public safety crisis manifested here  most recently at Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida.   We know that there were many, many failures; you might even call this  a systemic failure when it comes to the children at Stoneman Douglas  High School. First and foremost, why didn't Federal and local law  enforcement follow up on threats and warnings? This young man, the  shooter who took the lives of 17 people, telegraphed in very clear,  unmistakable language what he intended to do, but the very people whom  we trust and entrust with public safety at the Federal and State levels  did not respond.   We know that the alleged shooter was expelled from school for  disciplinary reasons. We know that deputies in Broward County received  at least 18 calls warning them over the course of several years--18  calls. We know about the disturbing YouTube posts, where the shooter  basically said what he intend to do and did, in fact, do later. We know  that the FBI received many disturbing tips from citizens about the  imminent danger posed by the shooter.   Another question is whether mental health officials could have done  more. We know that this young man had a long history of violent  outbursts. We are told that in 2016 he reportedly attempted suicide by  drinking gasoline. He had been accused of verbal slurs against racial  and religious minorities.   We know that Florida has a State law, as some have advocated at the  Federal level, that permits forced hospitalization of people in mental  health crises, but it seems that in this particular case, mental health  workers concluded that this individual was stable at the time they  examined him. Why and how was that determination made, and why does  that stand in such stark contrast to the picture that we have been able  to draw as a result of all the information that we received since this  terrible shooting? If law enforcement, public health workers, and  school officials were communicating and coordinating effectively, would  they have made the same decisions in this case? Could they have made a  difference in the outcome? Well, I think we need the answers to those  questions.   There are two other questions we need to answer as well. One is why  and how did the shooter have access to firearms in the first place?  Another is why didn't the school's armed resource officer intervene  once the shooting began?   All of us are angry at the fact that this shooting happened, but that  shouldn't tempt us into easy solutions that at the end of the day  wouldn't make any difference in the outcome and wouldn't do any good.  That is what we tend to get here in Congress when we have hard issues  like this--easy solution talking points that lead to no effective  action. We can't let that happen here. As one columnist put it last  week, we can't fall victim to ``the politics of false hope.''   The most frequent refrain I hear in Washington after some tragedy  like this occurs is ``We need to do something.'' Well, we need to do  something effective, something that would change the likely outcome. We  may not be able to protect every citizen against terrible tragedies  like this, but there are things we can do that will make things better  and that will be effective in changing the outcome and, I believe, in  saving lives.   Real solutions require us to look at why the FBI and local law  enforcement failed to respond to multiple warnings. I asked one police  officer about this, and he said: Well, in America we can't arrest  somebody for precrimes. In other words, we can't arrest somebody for an  offense that they haven't committed yet. It is perhaps a flaw that is  exposed in our system when, unfortunately, we can't anticipate who  might commit these terrible offenses and stop them before they commit  the act. That is a feature of our law enforcement system, but this  isn't just another job for law enforcement. There are a lot more people  who could contribute to a solution here and prevent these incidents  from happening beyond law enforcement, who are, by our very  Constitution, structured to investigate and prosecute crimes that have  already occurred, not to stop them in the first place.   I think a fair question to ask is, What is the role of social media  in preventing mass violence? When you have people basically telling us  what they are getting ready to do and posting those on social media and  nothing seems to happen as a consequence, it strikes me that something  is terribly wrong there. What is the responsibility of these platforms?  Well, we know that Congress has said, for example, that you have a  responsibility to police your platform for things like child  pornography. In other words, they can't be totally oblivious to the  things that are being posted on these social media platforms. They have  a responsibility to intervene in some cases, and maybe it ought to be  in more cases.   What options currently exist to reporting disturbing content online?  I believe in the YouTube video case, it was someone who actually saw  it, was disturbed by it, and then reported it to the FBI. It was not  even YouTube itself that identified it. Of course, they would be in the  best position to identify it immediately. It was some third party who  happened to see it, was disturbed by it, and contacted the FBI.  Tragically, it was never followed up on. How often are these popular  platforms reporting to police or Federal authorities when people  actually threaten to commit acts of violence? If there are holes in the  reporting protocol, we should close them.   That is why I think this is a systemic failure. When you look at  mental health providers, when you look at law enforcement officials,  when you look at the schools, when you look at the social media  platforms, when you look at all of this together, I think it begins to  give us some ideas about things we can do that may end up saving lives,  and we should do them.   Members are discussing many ideas, which always happens after a  tragedy  [[Page S1227]]  like this, and I am open to a conversation with anyone who shares my  desire to take effective action to prevent another one of these  tragedies. There is one proposal that has already been introduced that  has won bipartisan support and has brought together advocates from all  sides. It is really a unique piece of legislation because there are not  many times that I can think of where people who are strong Second  Amendment advocates and people who believe there ought to be more  controls imposed on guns can come together to find consensus, to find  common ground, but we have on a bill called the Fix NICS Act, which I  introduced to strengthen the background check system.   It may take a long time to answer all the questions raised by the  tragedy in Parkland, but one step we can take right now is to pass the  Fix NICS bill. This bill has the unique quality of causing the junior  Senator from Connecticut and me to cointroduce this bill. We couldn't  be more ideologically different. He is a Democrat and I am a  Republican, but we have come together on a bill that does enjoy broad  bipartisan support and that, I believe, will save lives.   This bill was introduced in the wake of the shooting last fall in the  small community near San Antonio called Sutherland Springs, TX. As we  will recall, a deranged gunman with a criminal record and a history of  violence and mental illness opened fire during a Sunday morning church  service, killing 26 people and wounding 20 more. To add to the tragedy  that had already occurred, this murderer's criminal conviction records  were never uploaded to the FBI's National Instant Criminal Background  Check System. When he went to purchase firearms, he lied about his  record, and there was nothing in the criminal background check system  to show that he lied and thus deny him the opportunity to purchase  weapons. This failure to enforce our background check law allowed this  shooter to walk into a gun store, pass a background check, and  illegally purchase a firearm.   This bipartisan legislation would tighten the National Instant  Background Check System. It is supported by people all across the  political spectrum. It is even cosponsored by the Democratic leader,  Senator Schumer, and is supported by Everytown for Gun Safety. It has  brought together all sides in the gun debate--leaders on the Republican  side and Democratic side alike.    Under current law, mentally ill individuals and persons convicted of  violent crimes are prohibited by current law from purchasing or  possessing firearms. This is to make sure that these laws are enforced  and that criminal history information is uploaded into the NICS Federal  database by State and Federal authorities.   For years, our colleagues across the aisle have said that they want  reform that would help stem the tide of gun violence perpetrated by  dangerous criminals. Well, this is their chance. This is our chance. It  is our chance to show the Nation that we refuse to accept shootings in  schools and churches as the new normal, and we can do that. We can  start doing that by passing Fix NICS this week.   Senator Schumer, the minority leader, said yesterday that he wants to  wait, even though he is a cosponsor of the Fix NICS bill. He is a  cosponsor of the bill, but he says that he wants to wait. He wants to  wait and debate other ideas he knows are controversial and can't pass.  Of course, that is his right as a Senator, but as I said earlier, if  our attitude is ``I want everything on my list or nothing,'' we are  going to end up with nothing.   I, for one, am not willing to go home and look my constituents in the  face and say that we had an opportunity to pass legislation, the Fix  NICS bill, which will save lives in the future and will make sure that  existing laws are enforced. I will not be able to go home and tell  them, in good faith, that we have done everything we can in our power  to help save lives. We can do that by passing bipartisan legislation  that could pass today if it were put on the floor and voted on by a  supermajority of the Senate.   I implore our Democratic colleagues to change course. Let's do the  art of the possible. That is what politics is, the art of the possible.  Let's do what we can immediately to pass Fix NICS and build from there.  I am willing to work with them. The President is willing to work with  them on things like bump stocks and the mental health failure, trying  to make sure that our schools are safer and to make sure that social  media platforms report threats of violence to law enforcement officials  so they can be followed up on.   There are a lot of other things we can do, but the one thing we can  do this week before we go home is to pass the Fix NICS bill and to send  it to the House and have the President sign it into law. It will save  lives.   I yield the floor.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Arizona (Mr. McCain), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr.  Rounds), and the Senator from Alaska (Mr. Sullivan).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Arizona (Mr. McCain), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr.  Rounds).   