 Mr. Speaker, let me, first of all, thank Chairman Duffy  from our subcommittee for working on this significant piece of  legislation, as well as the chair and the ranking member of the full  committee. I am not going to take long. I think most of the salient  points have already been made.   If I had a chance to rename this piece of legislation, it would be  the Living in Higher Opportunity Neighborhoods Act. That is exactly  what we are doing when we pass this act.   This bill should pass without anyone even doing third-level thinking.  All you have to do is read the Harvard research project from Raj  Chetty, Nathaniel Hendren, and Lawrence Katz, which spoke about the  improved opportunities for children based on their location. Higher  opportunity neighborhoods offer just about everything that we would  want a child to have growing up in this country.   This choice voucher act, under section 8 of the 1937 housing bill,  will provide opportunities for people to move out of areas of high  poverty concentration into neighborhoods where there are opportunities.  As a former mayor, this is the part I wish we could do on a lot of  projects, and that is, if public housing authorities want to  participate in this program, they must submit a regional plan, which  means that they will work beyond their own special interests.   In the case of PHAs in Kansas City, Missouri, we are separated by  five other cities by one street, called State Line. So this would also  provide an opportunity for Kansas City, Kansas, and Kansas City,  Missouri, to work together. I am sure that there are situations all  across the country which will provide opportunities for PHAs to work  together.    I will just end by saying that this program is one that I think we  are going to find people in these neighborhoods strongly supporting.  Should this legislation be signed by the President, I hope that we will  do everything we can to make sure that the communities, as a whole,  understand what this bill is, because I think it speaks to the overall  needs in the urban core in particular.   I am appreciative of the fact that I was allowed to be involved in  this piece of legislation. I appreciate all the great work that my  colleague and my neighbor across the hall, Mr. Duffy, has made  available.   