 Mr. President, Senator McCain may have represented the  people of Arizona, but in doing so, he changed the world.   His family legacy and leadership are, actually, partly rooted in the  Pacific. He met his wife, Cindy, in Honolulu, and generations of  McCains have left their mark on the region as his grandfather served in  the Pacific theater as an admiral in World War II, as his father  commanded the Armed Forces in the Pacific during the Vietnam war, and  as John S. McCain III became the most famous POW of the Vietnam war.  His relationship with the region began with those conflicts--with pain  and with loss--but he never let that beginning define his views of the  Asia-Pacific.   As a Senator, he called for the United States to transform the peace  we made with Vietnam into a partnership. It is thanks, in part, to him  that the United States now works closely with Vietnam on everything  from economic development to counterterrorism, and the people of  Vietnam know it. The monument that marks where he was captured as a  naval pilot in Vietnam has turned into a shrine this week, with people  leaving flowers in memory  [[Page S5996]]  of the man who helped to normalize relations between our two nations.  This is just one of the ways in which Senator McCain shaped the  Pacific.   Just a few years ago, he designed the Southeast Asia Maritime  Security Initiative in order to increase stability and to help  professionalize militaries in the region, including the military of  Vietnam. He was a strong advocate for freedom of navigation in the  region and for human rights. He worked with Senator Cardin to introduce  a bill to punish military officials in Burma for the part that they had  played in waging genocide against the Rohingya--a bill that, I hope,  the Senate will pass soon. He was an early voice that warned about  North Korea's nuclear program, and as a longtime member and chairman of  the Armed Services Committee, he always stood up for our men and women  in uniform.   A few years ago, on the 70th anniversary of the attack on Pearl  Harbor, my predecessor, Daniel K. Inouye, planned to give a floor  speech to remember the 2,400 Americans who died that day. Senator  Inouye's staff made it known that he would mark the anniversary on the  Senate floor. He gave that speech to a Chamber that was not full, but  John McCain was there. He was there for Senator Inouye just as he was  there, time after time, for our military and for our country. He was  earnest and solemn when it came to fulfilling his oath to the  Constitution, but he was also the embodiment of taking your job  seriously, not yourself.   One tribute from a former staff member recalled how Senator McCain  led a codel to Estonia, where he joined Senate colleague Hillary  Clinton and enjoyed several rounds of vodka shots before having decided  to take a midnight stroll around town. He also remembered the Senator's  holding a press conference in a geothermal pool in Iceland--in his  bathing suit and all.   Early on in my time in the U.S. Senate, I would pick up the phone and  call my dad to tell him whenever I had had a substantive conversation  with Senator McCain, because he was that much of a giant, and now he is  gone. We all need people in our lives who ask us to do more, who remind  us that we are capable of doing more and of doing better. The world  needs heroes, and we have lost one in the death of Senator McCain.   He once challenged a leader in his party to ``set the example for  what our country can and should represent.'' That was also his  challenge to the Senate. He demanded more of the Senate and more from  us. It is for that, especially, he will be missed in this Chamber. Who  will hold us accountable when we fall into a destructive pattern? When  he lectured us--and he did lecture us--we took it to heart. He was true  north for the U.S. Senate. He cared deeply about relationships between  Members of both parties. He cared about legislating and about finding a  way to govern.   While he is gone, we do not need to forget Senator McCain's lessons  and lectures. He is an example for us to follow, and that is as true  today as it was in any of his 32 years of service to the Senate. We  will miss him in this Chamber, where he cast a long shadow with moral  clarity whenever he spoke.   This week, our hearts are with his mother, Roberta, with his wife,  Cindy, with his children and his grandchildren, and with all of those  who loved him. May his memory be a blessing   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   