 Mr. Speaker, our country has been and continues to be the  greatest force for good known to mankind. The men and women of our  military have played a central role in this virtuous effort. There was  no greater time of difficulty and challenge that tested this notion  more than during World War II.   H.R. 6118 provides a way to honor the major contributions made by our  cities during World War II by granting the Secretary of the Interior  the ability to designate one city each year as a World War II heritage  city, provided that city meets the criteria for recognition outlined in  the legislation.   As many from the Greatest Generation know, World War II required a  nationwide effort to assist with the many components of war production.  Yet, there are many all across this great land who do not know that  cities from across the Nation stepped up in a major way to assist with  defense manufacturing and the production of food, clothing, and other  necessary goods.   No one can attest to these efforts better than Captain Wilbur D.  Jones of Wilmington, North Carolina. Captain Jones is retired from the  U.S. Navy, a distinguished author, an active veteran, and a war  historian who has worked to preserve our States' World War II history  for the past two decades.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Captain Jones for his hard work and  steadfast dedication to this cause. Without his leadership, the idea,  introduction, and passage of this bill never would have come to  fruition.   This legislation will provide every city that contributed to the many  heroic World War II efforts an incentive to preserve that history, a  great and noble undertaking so that all citizens will have a better  understanding of our history and even more pride in our great heritage.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the ranking member of the  committee for their help with and accommodation of this bill. I would  also like to thank our State Legislature for their very active support  and endorsement, the Wilmington City Council, and Mayor Bill Saffo. I  also should mention the great work of Senator Burr and Senator Tillis  on the other side of the Capitol for their help in getting this  legislation passed so that, hopefully, it will be signed into law by  the President in the next couple of weeks.   