 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the ranking member, Mrs. Lowey, for her  leadership, along with Chairman Frelinghuysen, for many months of  working together in a bipartisan way. I certainly want to thank both of  them for the hard work that they have done.   I want to thank the appropriators, Democrats and Republicans, working  together. Certainly, I want to thank the committee staff on both sides  who have worked so hard to make sure we get this bill together. I know  this is not a perfect bill. But, again, we got together, we negotiated,  and this is the bill that we have got under the system, working  together.   This bill, first of all, funds our military's and veterans' needs.  This bill  [[Page H2021]]  provides over $21.2 billion for infrastructure projects across the  Nation.   This bill addresses the opioid epidemic and also puts in increases  for the Office of National Drug Control Policy and other programs to  make sure that we fight the drug issues that we have.   It adds extra money for the COPS program, which is important for our  men and women in blue. It also adds 100 new immigration judges to  address the issue of the backlog for the immigration cases that we  have.   It adds 10 percent of new moneys for Community Development Block  Grant programs, which is, again, very important to all communities,  urban and rural areas.   It starts to address the issue of school safety and gun violence by  providing the funds for safety programs. It also includes the Fix NICS  Act program, which is something that my friend,  John Culberson, and  Senator John Cornyn worked on for a long time.   It provides $1.6 billion for community health centers to provide  healthcare. It also provides money for Pell grants to make sure people  are able to go to college. I want to thank my good friends,  Tom Cole  and Rosa DeLauro, for putting those dollars in for the Pell grants.   It also provides technology for border security and ports of entry.  Again, we want to make sure we provide a balanced approach for border  security.   Again, I know this bill is not perfect. If we are waiting for  perfection, we are never going to get there. But, again, we were able  to sit down, we were able to negotiate, and we were able to get a good  bill that provides a lot of the basic services that we have.   As Members of Congress, we have a responsibility. That responsibility  is to make sure that our government stays open. I have always said that  terrorists are not able to close our government, but somehow Congress  finds a way to close our government. We are not going to do that.    Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support this appropriations bill.   