 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, for years now, certainly over the last few months, we  have been hearing concerns from our Republican colleagues about the  exploding national debt. Yet, here they are today asking us to vote for  another unpaid-for, multibillion-dollar, partisan tax cut. With the  clock ticking on this lame-duck Congress and the Republicans' unchecked  control here in Congress, they are rushing through another round of  costly, reckless cuts.   Now, as my colleague from Massachusetts (Mr. McGovern), the soon-to- be chairman of the Rules Committee, said, Democrats were locked out of  the process for this 300-page bill. There were no hearings, no debate,  no markup. It went straight to the floor with the hope that the  American people aren't looking.   The thing is that the American people have made it very clear, both  in polling and at the polls, that they did not support the Republicans'  trillion-dollar tax cuts for wealthy corporations last time, and they  certainly won't support even more tax cuts this time.   The distinguished chairman of the committee, a very thoughtful and  sincere individual, talked about all of the successes of the prior tax  cut. But remember what they promised when they rammed this thing  through i 2017: that the corporate tax cut from 35 to 21 percent was  going to unleash incredible investment in the country, creating  thousands of jobs and new facilities and new investments in plants and  equipment.    What has happened? This year alone, there was $800 billion in stock  buybacks--let me repeat, $800 billion in stock buybacks--increased  dividends that mostly go to wealthy investors, about a third of which  actually go to foreign investors.   Where are all of these new investments? They weren't realized, and  they weren't realized because the corporations said at the time that  they don't need these crazy tax cuts. Republicans insisted on it. Part  of the reason they insisted on it was because it is part of their  three-step plan, which we talked about in 2017 during the debate on the  tax cuts. We had charts. Here is what they are going to do: cut taxes;  then complain about the additional debt; and then ask for cuts in  Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security in order to pay for those new  debts.   That is exactly what we have seen this year. The majority leader of  the Senate from my State complained the other day: Oh, these deficits  are getting really high. The debt is getting really high. We need to  look at these mandatory spending programs.   That is the playbook we have seen time after time after time. Let's  stop pretending that my colleagues across the aisle are there for the  American people. They aren't the party of fiscal responsibility or  economic growth. They are the party of one thing and one thing only,  and that is tax cuts for their wealthy corporate donors. This is a  reflection of that truth.   The American people don't want these tax cuts, and our country can't  afford them. I, therefore, urge my colleagues to oppose this rule and  the underlying bill.   