 Madam President, I thank the Senator from Ohio for his  gracious comments.   I just simply want to say my part as to why it is so important that  we pass this legislation, because it is very obvious that an untold  number of women and children in the United States are being sold into  sexual slavery via the internet, and we now have an opportunity to do  something about it by passing this legislation.   It is so bad. With just a few clicks or a few punches on an iPhone,  victims from all walks of life and across all parts of the country are  being forced into brutal slavery and unspeakable crimes.   I want to repeat that. I want Americans to understand what is going  on behind the scenes. Women and children are being forced into sex  slavery in modern-day America. It could very well happen to someone you  know.   We have continuing stories in our history of what happened when  slavery was brought to the New World--first, to Arabia, off the East  Coast of Africa, and then, of course, the European nations later were  going down with their ship captains. The Portuguese actually ended up  having the most slaves transported to the New World by way of South  America. The English and most European nations got into the act of  these unspeakable crimes, slave ships going down the west coast of  Africa, enslaving Africans themselves or by agreement with a particular  tribe that would go out and capture members of an opposing tribe.   We have heard, over and over, the untold stories of the inhumanity of  stacking people body-to-body in the holds of these slave ships. It  finally took a civil war to settle the issue. That was slavery. That  was slavery we opposed and now all of our laws try to protect against,  but here in modern-day America, the same thing is happening, and it is  happening because of the advances of technology using the internet. If  this is not a wake-up call, I simply don't know what is.   According to the human trafficking hotline, my State of Florida has  consistently ranked in the top five States in human trafficking cases.  Florida was third in the country for the number of cases reported in  2016 and 2017, and that is just what we know about. It is just  unacceptable, and it is wrong.   Tens of thousands of Americans, predominantly women and children, are  subjected to this horrific reality. You can imagine the pain and the  suffering they are subjected to. No one in the country should have to  endure this kind of forced slavery. No child or woman in Florida, in  America, should ever be trafficked for sex. To even contemplate that  should offend any person's sense of decency and humanity.   The question before the Senate today, thanks to the leadership of a  number of our colleagues is, Why aren't we going to do everything we  can to stop these heinous crimes?   The bill we are considering on the Senate floor would help us shut  down despicable websites that enable this sex trafficking. Don't kid  yourself. These shady and these highly profitable website operators  know full well how their sites are being used. What is more, they are  hiding behind a decades-old legal shield to immunize themselves from  prosecution. We have to change that legal shield that was set up a  decade ago for a different purpose.   The bill sponsored by Senators Portman, Blumenthal, McCain, Heitkamp,  and myself--and now many others--would eliminate the safe harbor in law  for sex traffickers, and it would allow State attorneys general, other  State and local prosecutors, and the victims themselves to go after the  websites that knowingly provide a platform for sex trafficking. It  would also make key changes to Federal criminal law to enable law  enforcement to better target websites.   The purpose of the legislation is simple. Let's get it passed, get it  signed into law, and let all of these various law enforcement entities  be able to do their job. This legislation is an extensive bipartisan  product by our congressional colleagues. It proves, once again, what we  ought to be doing around here on almost everything, and yet we rarely  do. It proves, once again, that if you cross party lines and put things  together in a bipartisan way, you can tackle the important, lifesaving  issues, such as this one, and we can get something done. Let's show  today that we can get something done that really makes a difference to  Americans.   It is a privilege for me to be involved in a bipartisan way with this  legislation and to have worked with our Commerce Committee to get a  unanimous vote out of the committee. I hope this legislation is going  to serve as a wake-up call to the morally bankrupt website operators:  We are coming after you. It seems like every day there are new ways  that many bad actors are exploiting internet content and data to  undermine society.   Obviously, the internet has been magnificent for so many of us, but  now when technology advances, you have to be on your guard about how  new technology is used for the bad operators. This bill is going to  address that. We can't sit by idly any longer. We have to act today.   I yield the floor.   