 Mr. President, I come to the floor this evening inspired  by the determined efforts of my colleague Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode  Island.   My colleague has made clear, by delivering his 200th floor speech on  climate change, that he is committed to raising awareness about and  urging action on this very real threat to our environment.   Let me speak briefly as someone trained in science as a chemist. I am  troubled that time and again I am called to this Chamber to defend and  advocate for science. We live in a time of unprecedented scientific  advances. Throughout our history, we have turned to science to help us  solve both domestic and international crises. Science was there, for  example, to do battle against the Ebola outbreak, threats from  hurricanes and other natural disasters, and the dangers of cigarette  smoke and lead exposure. It was scientists who helped find a cure,  provide early warning, who educated us, and who influenced politics to  lead to policies that led to stronger industry and consumer safety  standards in facing all of these threats. The scientific method has  saved lives and ensured our survival, so why don't we more widely  embrace the science of prediction, mitigation, and adaptation to the  effects of climate change?   Climate change is real. We know climate change is already happening,  although it is slow, gradual, and often hard to perceive. Its effects  will impact human health, agricultural production, national security-- an unbelievable range of concerns that should motivate us together. Yet  I have colleagues who either aren't convinced or don't understand that  climate change is a real and pressing threat.   Let me briefly cite one meta-study of scientific opinion. It surveyed  13,950 peer-reviewed articles and studies on climate change and found  that only 24 of them rejected global warming--less than 0.2 percent.  Although there is not unanimous opinion, when there is 99.8 percent  agreement in the scientific community, we should agree that this degree  of certainty is enough to take action.   ``An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure'' is an aphorism  that dates back to the early 1700s. Why are we waiting? Let's change  our ways. Let's work together to lower greenhouse gases, combat  pollution, and slow the impact of climate change.   As someone who represents the State of Delaware, I am passionate  about this because we are the lowest mean elevation State in America. I  have heard from folks up and down the First State--from my colleague  Senator Carper, from our Governor, from our community leaders, and from  concerned citizens from Wilmington, to Rehoboth, to Middletown--that  they are concerned about sea level rise and its likely impact on our  State. We need to do more because, in my small State, sea level rise is  happening at twice the national rate. In about 100 years, everyone in  Delaware will finally have a beach house--just not the way they want  it.    Let me conclude by saying we need to look forward, not backward, when  addressing climate change and sea level rise. We need action, not  reaction. We need policy, not politics. We should act today, not  tomorrow.   Again, I thank Senator Whitehouse. It was my pleasure to have him  visit my home State of Delaware and see what we are doing to plan for  and to combat sea level rise as a result of climate change. It was my  honor to join him this evening and lend my support to him, to our  environment, and to the fight against climate change.   I yield to my senior colleague from our shared home State of  Delaware.   