 Mr. Speaker, the majority leader said a couple of moments  ago that $15 billion was spare change.   Let me tell you what he apparently means by spare change. It means  cutting food assistance for working families and taking $7 billion from  the Children's Health Insurance Program. I guess that is spare change.   The previous speaker just said he was alarmed at the prospect that on  the precipice of borrowing we were now going to cut back on our  borrowing capacity as it relates to savings. After the same political  party borrowed $2.3 trillion over 10 years to pay for a tax cut for  people at the top, the strongest in America.   Those are the priorities. The priority is: Let's cut taxes for the  strongest and the wealthiest. And let's pay for it by taking money from  people who need it most in America.   We have seen time and again they are more focused on the needs of the  wealthiest and the well-connected. We should be addressing the  challenges of the middle clas in this session and making sure that they  have ample assistance.    Now they are after healthcare for children. Now they want to propose  $7 billion for their healthcare plan. Let's be clear: that priority, as  long as I have been in this Congress, has been taking care of the  strongest and the most powerful at the very top.   On January 19, 2001, when Bill Clinton said good-bye to the country,  there was a $5.6 trillion surplus. They cut taxes by $1.3 in 2001. They  cut taxes again by another $1 trillion in 2003.   So there was $2.3 million worth of tax cuts, two wars, a million and  half new veterans. The answer to that, of course, was: let's have more  tax cuts. That is precisely what they did with their tax cut plan.  There was $2.3 trillion borrowed to provide for a tax cut for people at  the very top.   They call themselves conservatives. They pronounce that they are  disciples of balanced budgets. It has been reckless spending that we  have watched them embrace time and again, and this is but another  example of that endeavor.   