 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have the honor of representing  Louisiana in the U.S. Senate, and it gives me no pleasure to say that  in Louisiana we have a crime problem.   In Louisiana and, frankly, in other parts of America, I regret to  say, criminals are turning neighborhoods into war zones and small towns  into drug dens and, in the process, families are being destroyed.   Now, some people make a youthful mistake, and they could benefit from  a second chance. I think most Americans agree with that, but other  people never change. I don't know why it is. If I make it to Heaven, I  am going to ask, but there are some people out there, they are not  mixed up, they are not confused, they are not sick, it is not a  question of whether their mama or daddy loved them enough--they are  just bad. Unfortunately, they are just bad.   For that reason, I think we all recognize that prisons are a  necessary fixture that make our communities safer.   As we prepare to hear a bill or bills on changes to sentences for  Federal prisoners, I wanted to share with the Senate a cautionary tale  from my home State of Louisiana.   People in my State are being killed, and people in my State are being  hurt because of these so-called ``criminal justice reforms''--I put  that expression in quotation--that were put in place by my Governor.   Louisiana, about 14 months ago, started letting prisoners out of our  prisons. The overall goal of the Governor was to save money. So far, I  think he has let out about 2,000 prisoners. Now, the inmates he let out  were not vetted. They weren't vetted by the probation boards, they  weren't vetted by the parole boards to see if they were a threat to  public safety. These prisoners he let go weren't paired with programs  to reduce recidivism. He just let them go. He did it under a statute he  named and called the Justice Reinvestment Act. It certainly wasn't any  reinvestment in justice for the victims.   His law is failing the law-abiding public in my State. So far, 22  percent of inmates have been rearrested. Now, that is over 14 months--a  very short period of time. The Governor and his Department of  Corrections said: Well, we are only going to release nonviolent  criminals. Well, somebody forgot to tell the criminals they were  nonviolent.   In the 23rd Judicial District Court in Louisiana, which encompasses  small towns and three parishes, one in three inmates that the Louisiana  State government let go has been rearrested. That is higher than the 22  percent I just quoted. That is a recidivism rate of 33 percent in a  little over a year.   I have talked to Louisiana's law enforcement officers and  prosecutors. They don't support what the Edwards administration has  done. Now, they are scared to say anything because the Governor  controls a lot of their budgets and their money, but if you ask 9 out  of 10 law enforcement officials in my State privately if they support  it, they will tell you no, and the 10th is probably lying.   The head of the District Attorneys Association, in fact, has publicly  said that Louisiana's streets are not safer because of this so-called  criminal justice reform. He also noted that simply reducing prison  population is not a measure of success. He is a wise man.   Louisiana State government now seems to care more about criminals  than it cares about those criminals' victims. In fact, I have never  heard my Governor talk about victims at all. It is always criminals.   I recently received a letter. We all get letters from constituents,  but this one really--this one really shook me up. I received a letter  from a constituent in South Louisiana about what this failed experiment  of criminal release in Louisiana has cost his family. His words--this  gentleman's words--have been weighing on my heart and on my mind since  I read them, and I would like to read a bit from that letter now.   I am quoting: My name is Gary Prince, and my youngest son Jordan was  killed by a drunk driver in May of 2015. He was only 18 years old, and  he had just graduated high school 12 days before this accident. The man  that killed him was driving the wrong way on Highway 90 near New Iberia  and crashed into my son head-on. His blood alcohol level was .16, which  is twice the State's legal limit.   He was sent to jail with a sentence of 15 years, but this person that  killed my son served only 18 months in jail.   Mr. Prince, the father, goes on: There is a State law which States  that anyone convicted of a DUI with vehicular homicide, with a blood  alcohol level of .15 or greater, has to serve a minimum of 5 years  without the benefit of early release. This was not taken into account  for this criminal. My son was a good kid. He had a bright future. He  wanted to follow in my footsteps and become a machinist. I feel that my  family deserves better than this. I want you to know that when I say my  prayers at night, I pray for a better Louisiana.    Mr. Prince, I want you to know how sorry I am for you and your  family's loss. While the State of Louisiana might consider this a  nonviolent crime, your family paid a horrific price for this man's  behavior. I can't imagine anything worse than a man or a woman having  to bury his or her son, especially a teenager. For your son's killer to  be out on the streets after 18 months is more than just salt in the  wound. It is a miscarriage of justice, and it is precisely what happens  when policies like criminal release programs are pursued without  considering the victims or their families. It is not justice.   I believe in justice. I think most Americans do. What is justice? We  talk about it a lot. I agree with what C.S. Lewis said: Justice is when  someone gets what they deserve.   I am not saying that deterrence and rehabilitation are not important  in a prison system. They are. They have nothing to do with justice.  They have to do with the effectiveness of your prison system.   C.S. Lewis said: Justice is when people get what they deserve.   Justice is when the people of Tibet, for example, get to worship the  Dalai Lama because they deserve religious freedom.   Justice is when a rapist is sent to prison and stays there for a time  commensurate with his crime. That is justice. He is getting what he  deserves.   C.S. Lewis didn't just say that. Immanuel Kant said that. He said our  penal laws are a moral imperative. He didn't say rehabilitation is  unimportant. He didn't say deterrence is unimportant, because they are  both important. They just have nothing to do with justice. Hegel said  the same thing, and St. Augustine said the same thing--all of the great  thinkers in history--that justice is when you get what you deserve.   It doesn't have anything to do with the cost of government. It  doesn't have anything to do with deterrence. It  [[Page S7423]]  doesn't have anything to do with rehabilitation. Those are all  important factors, but this has nothing to do with justice.   A criminal release program gone wrong has had other effects in  Louisiana, too. It frees people like Tyrone ``Smokey'' White. Let me  tell you about Mr. White. Our Governor let him go. He is a career  criminal. He repaid the State promptly by robbing two roofers at  gunpoint. Somebody forgot to tell Smokey that he was supposed to be  nonviolent, too. Less than a week later, Mr. White was released under  Louisiana's criminal release program, despite having more than 60  arrests on his record.   A criminal release program gone wrong looks like a convicted felon  named Richard McLendon who, upon being granted early release, illegally  gets himself a gun and uses it to fatally shoot another man in Bossier  Parish. He then leaves his victim to die like roadkill on the side of  the road with multiple gunshot wounds.   A criminal release program gone wrong in Louisiana, anyway, looks  like a Dwayne Watkins. He is a pedophile. He had more than 21 arrests  for child abuse and other assorted crimes on his record. He got to walk  out of jail early--not just once but two times. Watkins earned 10 years  for illegally possessing a gun as a felon, and he got out early, and he  promptly sexually abused two young girls. He earned 3 more years in  jail, and then, thanks to Louisiana State government and the Edwards  administration, he got out early again. Give me a break.   In October, less than 2 months after his early release, he approached  Kelly and Heather Jose at a shopping mall in Caddo Parish. When he  asked to borrow their phone to call a cab, the couple offered him a  ride. In Louisiana, we help each other. Well, Mr. Dwayne Watkins  decided to repay their generosity by kidnapping them, shooting them,  and burning them to death in their own car so badly that their bodies  couldn't even be recognized. He is now awaiting trial for murder.   Kelly Jose, one of the victims, was an Air Force Reservist--God rest  his soul--in Barksdale Air Force Base. He enlisted in the Air Force in  1998. Heather Jose, the other victim, was a small business owner. She  loved working in the ministry of a church. They were good people. They  were just trying to do a good deed. This was a senseless tragedy, and  it did not have to happen.   Just this weekend, our sheriff from Caddo Parish rightly asked a  question. He said: Why is Dwayne Watkins out of prison after violating  his parole and sexually abusing two young girls? And many of us are  asking that same question in Louisiana right now. But the answer is  very simple--the Edwards administration's failed criminal release  program.   I want to take a moment and consider what price we might be asking  the families back home to pay for these criminal release programs. In  my State, innocent people are scared, and rightfully so, that they  might become victims of violent crime. We are reneging on the justice  we promised the victims like Mr. Prince, who lost a child. Do you want  to put a price tag on justice? Have at it. I don't.   In Louisiana, we also failed the Joses' three children. They don't  have parents anymore. Mr. Dwayne Watkins took care of that. He should  have been in jail serving his time. That is justice.   Louisiana's failed experience has cost law-abiding folks dearly in  every corner of my State.   I just want to implore my colleagues in the Senate to please think  about more than just the criminals. Think about more than just the  money. Think about the lives of the victims and their families, as  well, because they are supposed to count too.   