 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, yesterday we began floor debate on  something that we have literally been talking about for years. I  remember, after the election of 2012, meeting at the White House with  then-President Barack Obama, with Speaker of the House Boehner, Leader  McCarthy, Senator McConnell, and others. The President was prepared to  do something he had threatened to do, which we actually asked him not  to do, and that is, to try to take unilateral Executive action to deal  with the issue of these young adults who came with their parents, when  they were children, into the United States in violation of our  immigration laws.   We said: Please, President Obama, give us a chance to work with you  to come up with a solution.   He listened and said: No. I am going to sign an Executive order or  action, and I am going to go this alone.   Well, unfortunately for the young people who were the beneficiaries  of this DACA Executive order, the court struck it down, so they were  left in doubt and in some jeopardy, wondering, now that they had been  granted a deferred action against deportation by President Obama, what  their future would look like. So President Trump, upon the advice of  General Kelly, who was then Secretary of Homeland Security, said: Give  the Congress some time to deal with this.   Indeed, here we are with a deadline of March 5. All of the time that  this President has been in office--since January 20 of last year--this  has been basically living on borrowed time insofar as the DACA Program  is involved. President Trump quite appropriately said that this is a  legislative responsibility and that Congress needs to deal with this.   Well, here we are. The debate actually began on February 8, which is  the date that Senator McConnell, the Senate majority leader, agreed to  initiate the motion to proceed on the debate. Of course, you will  remember what happened. The government was shut down because our  Democratic colleagues refused to proceed to deal with the continuing  resolution for funding the government until there was some resolution  of this DACA issue. So the majority leader said: We are going to deal  with it starting February 8 if there is no other agreement, and it is  going to be a fair and impartial process. Everybody's ideas are going  to be aired, and people should be able to vote on those ideas.   Well, here we are. We started yesterday with cloture on the bill.  Now, under the Senate rule, there are 30 hours that will expire tonight  at 11 p.m. or thereabouts, and we are waiting on our colleagues across  the aisle to begin this process that they were so eager to initiate  that they shut down the government.   So far, the majority leader came to the floor and made an offer at  about noon today, saying: We will start with a vote on an amendment of  your choosing, and then we will go to one of our choosing. We will go  back and forth and have an orderly process so I can follow through on  my commitment to keep a fair, equal, and orderly process.   Well, even though they were willing to shut down the government to  bring us to this point, now they seem to be incredibly reluctant to  actually have a vote on any of their proposals. It really is bizarre.   We all want a solution for these young adults. In America, we don't  punish children for the mistakes their parents made, and we are not  going to punish these young people, who are now adults, who have been  able to go to college and, in many instances, become very productive  people. We want to provide them an opportunity to flourish. Indeed, the  President--notwithstanding the fact that 690,000 DACA recipients  currently exist, he said: I will be willing to up that number to  everybody who is eligible, whether or not they signed up. That is 1.8  million young people. Do you know what? We are not only going to give  them deferred action, we are going to give them an opportunity to  become Americans.   It is incredibly generous, but our colleagues across the aisle seem  to be tripped up by their own plan and unable to respond to this  generous offer.   The President has said: In return for the 1.8 million young people  who will have a pathway to citizenship and predictability and stability  and a great future for their lives, we are going to have to secure the  border. We are going to have to do the sorts of things the Federal  Government should have done a long time ago.   Coming from Texas, a border State, we have 1,200 miles of common  border with Mexico. As we heard this morning in the world threats  hearing in the Senate Intelligence Committee, the Director of National  Intelligence said the transnational criminal organizations or cartels,  which are commodity agnostic--they make money trafficking in people,  drugs, or other contraband, and they are exploiting the porous nature  of our border with our neighbor to the south, Mexico. Indeed, Central  American countries are sending even their young children up to the  border, exploiting a loophole in our law.   The President has also said that in addition to dealing with border  security, he wants to change legal immigration to focus on the nuclear  family--mom and dad and the kids. If other people want to come to the  United States, then they can qualify  [[Page S897]]  for various employment-based visas. They can come study as a student.  They can come as a tourist. They can qualify for an H-1B visa as  somebody who is highly skilled. There are other ways to come. But we  are going to limit the number of visas and green cards based strictly  on your family relationships.   Then the President said that he wanted to deal with the diversity  lottery visa. This is perhaps the most difficult to understand visa our  government issues. Basically, what we say is that there are 50,000  diversity visas, and for those countries that aren't otherwise  represented, we are going to sort of spread those like bread on the  water and welcome 50,000 people without regard to their background,  their education, their other merits or qualifications.   Some have said, like the President--and I agree with him--that we  ought to look at not only how immigrants can benefit from coming to the  United States but also what qualities they have that they can bring us.  Yes, we ought to compete for the best and brightest--for example, the  600,000 or so foreign students who come to our colleges and  universities. What about focusing on those who graduate in STEM  fields--science, technology, engineering, and math. There have been  some folks who have said: Well, we ought to staple a green card to  those people because we want to continue to attract the best and the  brightest. We don't want to train them, educate them, and send them  home, only to compete with us.   Well, those are some great ideas. We are not going to be able to have  votes on bills unless our friends across the aisle will agree to get  onto a bill. Preferably it is the bill that Senator Grassley and  others, including myself, have cosponsored, which will be filed this  afternoon, based on those four pillars.   Coming from a border State, I have spent quite a bit of time in the  Rio Grande Valley, down in Laredo, and over in El Paso, and I have  learned a lot from the experts at the border, who would be the Border  Patrol agents themselves. I have talked to people like Manny Padilla,  who is the chief Border Patrol officer in the Rio Grande Valley, which  is one of the most active regions in the country. His sector, at times,  has been one of the busiest in the country, with some 200,000  apprehensions a year just in the Rio Grande Valley itself. I have seen  the border firsthand, of course. It is vast, and the terrain varies  widely, from portions where the Rio Grande River flows strongly, to  ones where it has dried up, where there is hardly any water at all  separating Mexico and the United States, and still others that include  3,200-foot cliffs along the riverbank, particularly out in the Big Bend  area of West Texas.   I have also had the opportunity to welcome many of my colleagues who  don't come from border States to my State so they could become better  informed about the nature and the challenge of border security. When  you spend time there and speak to the local officials and people who  live and work along the border, you realize the scale of the challenge  we are facing in securing the border, as well as combating the cartels  and people who are importing poison into the United States and  unfortunately taking far too many lives as the result of drugs. You  realize that a one-size-fits-all approach doesn't work. Generations of  Texans know that too.   People who live in border communities are an invaluable resource, and  we ought to be talking to them about what would work best to provide  the security in a way that would also be helpful to their local  community. I have mentioned before one of those down in Hidalgo, TX,  where the Border Patrol said: We need some physical barriers to help  control the flow of illegal immigration across the border.   The local community said: Well, we need to improve the flood levee  system so that we can actually buy affordable insurance, so that we can  develop our property at a reasonable cost.   Out of that came a bond election for a levee wall system that was a  win-win. It provided the flood protection needed by the community, and  it provided the physical barrier that the Border Patrol said they  needed in order to control illegal immigration.   So there is an opportunity for a win-win here if we will just listen  to the experts and we will talk to the local stakeholders and the  people who live, work, and play along our border with Mexico.   I have also had many conversations with Hispanic leaders from across  my State. One of them is my friend Roger Rocha, the president of the  League of United Latin American Citizens, or LULAC, who has been  courageous in putting his reputation on the line in order to find  common ground and give DACA recipients an opportunity not only to stay  and work but to eventually become American citizens.   Well, yesterday, I said there will be a process that is fair to  everybody--that is what the majority leader guaranteed--and all of our  colleagues will have a chance to have their proposals considered.  Amendments will have a 60-vote threshold before they can be adopted.  That is the rule of the Senate. What I am interested in is solving the  problem, and that means not only finding a proposal that can get 60  votes in the Senate but one that can pass the House and be signed into  law by the President.   I read this morning--when I got up and was making a cup of coffee and  looking through the newspaper--that our colleague across the aisle, the  Democratic whip, whom I have worked with and met with on this topic  many times, said his goal was to get all the Democrats and 11  Republicans to get to that 60-vote threshold. That was his goal in this  legislation. What is missing is how he would propose to get this passed  through the Republican majority in the House and signed by the  President if it doesn't comply with the President's requirements that  he laid out in his four pillars. I am not interested in a futile act; I  am interested in actually making a law, which means passing the Senate,  passing the House, and getting signed into law by the President.   Yesterday, a group led by Chairman Grassley of the Judiciary  Committee put forth a proposal that I believe can pass the Senate, can  pass the House, and can be signed into law by President Trump. It is  called the Secure and Succeed Act. The name itself is quite fitting. We  have to secure the border, and we have to be able to provide for the  future success of DACA recipients. It is not one or the other; it is  both. The Secure and Succeed proposal provides a pathway to  citizenship, like the President proposed, for 1.8 million DACA-eligible  recipients, which is far more than President Obama ever offered. I  mean, this is pretty incredible. What President Obama offered was DACA  for 690,000 young people. This President has offered a pathway to  citizenship for 1.8 million. Some people may think that is far too  generous, but the President made that offer expecting to get border  security and these other provisions done at the same time.    This legislation provides a real plan to strengthen our borders and  utilize boots on the ground, better technology, and infrastructure. It  reallocates visas from the diversity lottery system in a way that is  fair, and it continues the existing family-based immigration categories  until the current backlog is clear.   I am proud to cosponsor this commonsense solution, not because it is  perfect--no piece of legislation ever is--but what it does is it  advances the issue in a way that can pass the Senate so the House can  take it up and the President can ultimately sign it. That is the only  way I know to get something accomplished here.   Everybody needs to get to work. Our Democratic colleagues who voted  to shut down the government over this issue now seem unprepared to meet  the deadline they themselves insisted upon, even after the majority  leader has provided a fair and open process for everybody to  participate. So everybody needs to get to work. Our colleagues have  known for a while that this was coming. They asked for this debate, but  they have not yet filed any proposed legislation. I am wondering what  the holdup is.   Here is the bottom line. I am not interested in gamesmanship for  gamesmanship's sake, political theater for political theater's sake, or  ideas that can't become law. As the President said 2 weeks ago, the  ultimate proposal must be one where nobody gets everything they want  but our  [[Page S898]]  country gets the critical reforms that it needs. About 124,000 young  people hope we can rise to the occasion. Just in my State alone, there  are 124,000 DACA recipients who hope we can rise to the occasion and  take advantage of the tremendous, generous offer President Trump has  made in a bill he said he would sign into law if we were able to pass  it in the Senate and in the House and get it on his desk.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   