 Mr. President, this month, Ohio laid to rest two  remarkable public servants, Westerville Police  [[Page S1209]]  Officers Eric Joering and Anthony Morelli. Together, these men  dedicated decades of their lives to the police force, giving the  ultimate sacrifice to keep their fellow Ohioans safe.   Officer Joering and Officer Morelli were doing their jobs, responding  to a desperate 9-1-1 call when they were tragically shot and killed  earlier this month. In the days since their passing, we have heard  stories of their incredible service to their community, their fellow  officers, and their families.   Both men were married with children. Officer Joering was 39 and had  three young daughters. His pastor, Reverend Hammond, spoke to the local  news about Officer Joering's dedication to his family. He said that  Officer Joering would do anything for his daughters. He let them style  his hair. He let them paint his nails. Reverend Hammond quipped: ``I  heard he drew the line at makeup.''   Officer Morelli was a 30-year veteran of the Westerville police  force. Westerville is a Columbus suburb. He had two children. His  daughter is getting married this summer. His colleagues remembered his  infectious smile and his passion for life. Westerville Police Chaplain  James Meacham said Officer Morelli ``went to heaven and partied.''   These two heroes were laid to rest 10 days ago with services at St.  Paul Catholic Church in Westerville, drawing thousands of Ohioans and  fellow officers to pay their respects. Thousands of people waited in  line in the cold and rain to enter the church. Officers from around the  country came to honor these men, as they so often do. The church  parking lot filled with patrol cars from Illinois, Texas, West  Virginia, Michigan, and so many other States. They had to use a TV at a  gym next door as an overflow room to accommodate everyone. After the  services, a long procession of police vehicles wound its way through  Westerville. Ohioans lined the streets, waving American flags and  wearing blue ribbons pinned to their raincoats.   The tribute to these officers won't end with that memorial service.  In times of tragedy, Ohioans always rise to the occasion. A donation  page for the families set up by the local Fraternal Order of Police has  raised more than half a million dollars. The city of Westerville will  honor Officers Morelli and Joering with a permanent memorial in First  Responders Park. The Westerville City Council voted unanimously to  retire Officer Joering's K-9 partner, Officer Sam, and send him home  with Officer Joering's family. They were there last week to take Sam  home. One of Joering's daughters wore Sam's badge around her neck.  Otterbein University, the local 4-year, private, distinguished  university very nearby, will offer full-tuition scholarships to each of  the three Joering girls.   While none of these gestures can ever repay them or their loved ones  for their service and sacrifice, today we honor these heroes' memories  and lift up the entire Westerville community and all those who knew  them.   The best way for the public to honor these public servants is by  supporting all Ohio officers and working to give law enforcement the  resources they need to do their jobs. From the bipartisan legislation  we passed last year to speed up claims processing for the families of  fallen officers, to getting local police officers the resources they  need to protect themselves as they fight the opioid epidemic, we must  do all we can to support these women and men who sacrifice so much.   Let's honor the memory of Officer Joering and Officer Morelli by  recommitting ourselves to protecting and supporting their fellow  officers and the families who sacrifice alongside them.   