 Mr. President, I wish to start here this morning by  thanking my good friend, Senator Orrin Hatch, who happens to be in the  Chamber, for his more than four decades of service in the U.S. Senate.  We have served together in the Senate for 32 years; he was here before  then.   I remember that Senator Hatch was first elected to the Senate in 1976  when I was still serving in the Alabama State Senate. This was his  first run for public office but more to come.   Senator Hatch, as we know, is the longest serving Republican Senator  in U.S. history. He is one of only two sitting U.S. Senators to have  served during the Presidency of Gerald Ford. He is one of only two  remaining Republican U.S. Senators who served during the Presidency of  Jimmy Carter.   Senator Hatch, as we all know, serves currently as the President pro  tempore of the U.S. Senate--one of the highest honors in the Senate. He  has chaired three Senate class A committees during his tenure in the  Senate, including the Finance Committee, of which he is currently the  chairman. He has chaired with distinction the Judiciary Committee and  the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions.   Some of his major accomplishments--these are just a few--include  [[Page S7838]]  passage of the historic progrowth, middle-class tax reform, the most  significant tax reform in a generation. His accomplishments also  include confirmation right here in the Senate of conservative judges to  the Federal bench--hundreds and hundreds--including playing an  instrumental role in the confirmation of Supreme Court Justices Antonin  Scalia, Clarence Thomas, Samuel Alito, and Brett Kavanaugh, as well as,  as I said, scores, if not hundreds, of district and circuit court  judges.   One of Senator Hatch's particularly noteworthy achievements, among  others, on the Judiciary Committee is the Religious Freedom Restoration  Act of 1993, a bill he authored and cosponsored with the late Senator  Ted Kennedy. It was landmark legislation allowing Americans to live, to  work, and to worship in accordance with their beliefs.   Senator Hatch's reputation as a statesman and his record of fiscal  responsibility even earned him the nickname ``Mr. Balanced Budget''  from President Reagan.   Senator Hatch is also widely known for his musical career and film  appearances. He plays the violin, the piano, and the organ. Think of  the talent this man has.   Senator Hatch and his wife, Elaine, have been married for more than  50 years. They have 6 children, 23 grandchildren, and many great- grandchildren. Think of a lifetime achievement, and he has, I believe,  many years left.   He will be truly missed here in the Senate, and I wish him all the  best in the next chapter of his life.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   