 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for  yielding to me.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the gentleman's amendment.   Much to the chagrin of many who just oppose any changes to actually  help us get children out of poverty and out of the cycle of poverty  that perpetual SNAP benefits bring to families, I would argue that it  is language like this that reasserts the fact that we need to, as this  goes through the legislative process--we are in the second step of the  legislative process. As this goes through the process, this clearly  shows all of us here in the House and in the Senate and on a conference  committee the opportunity that we want to make sure that we protect  those who need that protection.   That is exactly why I am glad Mr. MacArthur participated in this  process. The gentleman wanted to make this bill better. The gentleman  wanted to strengthen it to ensure that our children in the most  vulnerable households had the opportunity to get the food that they  need.   Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for doing that. I think this is a  great addition to the farm bill, and I appreciate the gentleman  yielding me this opportunity to say so.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in  opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman  from Arizona for his amendment; however, I believe it is a little bit  misguided.   The programs that the amendment would eliminate are not energy  subsidies. What these programs do is to create infrastructure and  market opportunities for America's farmers, ranchers, and rural  communities. Furthermore, these programs often leverage private capital  that actually works toward revitalizing our communities.   Additionally, while I strongly support the RFS and biofuels  production, these programs do not incentivize the production of corn  ethanol, do not fund ethanol blender pumps, and are not part of the  renewable fuels mandate.   The Biggs amendment strikes infrastructure-focused initiatives that  help farmers and ranchers improve energy efficiency in their operations  and increase commercial opportunities for agricultural products.   Mr. Chairman, I therefore urge my colleagues to join me in opposing  this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. Noem), who is my good friend and  colleague.    Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague, Mr.  Biggs. It is great to have this opportunity to talk about what we  believe the impact of this amendment will be to many of the  constituents that I serve in rural America. I appreciate the  opportunity to debate. That is what this House is about, and that is  what this process is about.   I would like to thank my colleague for offering this amendment,  although I do disagree and urge my colleagues to vote against.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   