 Mr. President, I first wish to associate myself with  the remarks from the outstanding Senator from West Virginia. We had a  chance to be together on Monday night when the President announced the  nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court,  and I agree with my colleague from West Virginia that it is a fantastic  choice.   I said before that there are three things I want to see in any  nominee for the Court: the appropriate judicial philosophy, a strong  intellect, and a solid character. Everything I have seen so far  confirms that Judge Kavanaugh satisfies all three of these  requirements.    I would like to talk today about a few things I think we can expect  to see over the next couple of months. First, I think it is safe to say  that throughout this process, Judge Kavanaugh will not announce how he  is going to rule on cases that might come before him on the Supreme  Court. The Presiding Officer and I know--as we walked back from the  visit at the White House and were heading home after having a chance to  visit with the President of the United States before he actually told  the country Judge Kavanaugh would be the nominee--that it is a very  appropriate thing for the judge to do, to not announce how he is going  to rule on cases that might come before him at the Supreme Court. In  fact, the ethics rules say it is exactly what a nominee should do. They  should avoid making these sorts of comments. The rules say that judges  and nominees should not answer questions about how they would rule on a  case they might consider, so I expect that Judge Kavanaugh will follow  the rules and not get into specifics on which side he may favor.   It is what Ruth Bader Ginsburg, a current member of the Court, did  during her confirmation process in 1993. She said that ``a judge sworn  to decide impartially can offer no forecasts, no hints''--no hints, no  forecasts, no previews. She said that this would ``display disdain for  the entire judicial process,'' and she was confirmed. That is the  Ginsburg standard. Every nominee since then has followed that standard.   Well, the second thing I expect to happen is that Democrats are going  to complain that Judge Kavanaugh follows the Ginsburg standard, and we  have heard it already. They are going to complain that he will not  promise to take their side in cases that might come before the Court.  They are going to complain--and have already--that some of the cases he  has decided in the past didn't work out the way they wanted them to  work out--not what the law said, not what was right, but what they  wanted. That is what Democrats in the Judiciary Committee did when Neil  Gorsuch was nominated to the Supreme Court last year.   We have seen this movie before. We know the playbook. They have  criticized him for some of the rulings they didn't like. Even though  the rulings followed the law, they didn't like the rulings, so they  criticized the judge for following the law. They suggested he should  have ignored the law, sided with the little guy, the sympathetic side  in a case, regardless of what the law said. But Judge Gorsuch knew the  same thing Judge Kavanaugh knows: Judges are absolutely not supposed to  consider who they think is sympathetic in a case, where the empathy  lies. It is where the law lies. They are supposed to be making  decisions and rules based on the law.   Federal judges actually swear an oath, and the oath is to  ``administer justice without respect to persons, and to do equal right  to the poor and to the rich.'' That is what Judge Kavanaugh has done  during his 12 years as a member of the DC Circuit Court.   The minority leader, Senator Schumer, has already said that is not  good enough for him--not good enough for Senator Schumer. He wrote an  op-ed in the New York Times on July 2, and he wrote this op-ed before  the President had even made a decision as to who he might nominate. At  the time, the President was considering a number of names. It didn't  matter to Senator Schumer; he made it clear that he is going to fight  any mainstream nominee unless he can confirm that the nominee will rule  in a certain way. Judges don't do that. Judges shouldn't do it. Well,  that is the litmus test now for liberal Democrats in the U.S. Senate.  They are going to try to make people believe that they know how Judge  Kavanaugh is going to rule in the Supreme Court.   When President Obama was picking people to serve as judges and  Justices, he said that he was looking for people who would decide cases  based on--this was his word--``empathy.'' Well, President Trump has  consistently selected judges--and we have approved and confirmed quite  a few now as we have been here since President Trump has taken office-- and Justices who decide cases based upon the law and the Constitution  of the land. Judge Kavanaugh is exactly that kind of judge. He  understands that writing the laws is not his job. It hasn't been his  job in the circuit court, and it would not be his job on the Supreme  Court. He gave a speech last year in which he said that Congress and  the President, not the courts, possess the authority and the  responsibility to legislate. Let me repeat that. Congress and the  President, not the courts, possess the authority and responsibility to  legislate.   The third thing I expect to happen in this whole process is we will  vote on Judge Kavanaugh's nomination before the next Supreme Court  session starts in October. That is what the American people want us to  do. NBC News did a recent poll, and they found that 62 percent of  Americans want us to vote on this nomination before the November  election, and only 33 percent said that we should wait. But Democrats  want to delay. They want to delay the process. The American people are  saying to get on with it.   It is early July now. We are going to work through the month of  August. It gives us plenty of time to consider this nomination. When  you look at the people serving on the Supreme Court today, we typically  spend about 66 days to confirm each of them. That is going  [[Page S4893]]  to put it around the middle of September. There is no reason we need to  take any longer than that.   Judge Kavanaugh has been through this process before and has been  confirmed by the Senate before. He was confirmed to the circuit court  by a vote of 57 to 36 in this body. Four Democrats supported his  confirmation.   Judge Kavanaugh has served on the circuit court for over 12 years,  has written a number of rulings--I think over 300. His background as a  judge gives us powerful evidence of the kind of Justice he will be. He  is going to take the law and the Constitution at face value. He is not  going to treat them like blank pages on which he can rewrite the laws  the way he wishes they were. In a speech last year, he made it very  clear. He said: ``The judge's job is to interpret the law, not to make  the law or make policy.'' This view--and every example I have seen from  Judge Kavanaugh's record--is squarely in the mainstream of American  legal thinking today. He is smart, he is fair, and I believe he is very  well qualified.   Regrettably, none of this matters to some of the Democrats. They are  going to use the same scare tactics they use every time a Republican  President nominates someone to the Supreme Court. They did it 40 years  ago when President Gerald Ford nominated John Paul Stevens to the  Court. Liberals accused him of ``antagonism to women's rights.'' When  President Reagan nominated Justice Kennedy 31 years ago, the Justice  who has just retired from the Court, Democrats said his nomination  ``should be unsettling to those concerned with the health and legal  status of women in America.'' They have been using the same old lines  for more than 40 years. It is never true; it is never reality. But  apparently for the Democrats, it never gets old.   I hope the Democrats in the Senate will give Judge Kavanaugh a  chance. I hope they will take the time to consider his qualifications  and actually sit down and talk with him before they rush to condemn  him, although quite a few rushed to condemn him even before the  President had decided and he was named to the Court.   I also look forward to sitting down with the nominee and exploring  some of his views more fully, but everything I have seen so far  suggests to me that it is going to be a very good conversation and that  Judge Kavanaugh would make an excellent Justice of the Supreme Court.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   