 Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment, even though I am not opposed to it.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. Griffith for his succinct and  excellent summary of the amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the Griffith-Raskin-Jackson Lee  amendment. I want to thank Chairman Goodlatte for his excellent work on  this with his professional staff. It is an important consensus  amendment, and I also want to specifically mention the hard work of DEA  detailee Tony Angeli. I also want to salute our partners at the  National Institute on Drug Addiction and the National Institutes of  Health, which is headquartered in my district.   This amendment will do a lot to aid NIH scientists and allied  researchers across the country who are presently working on the science  of addiction and advancing medical efforts to treat and to prevent it.   This amendment constitutes a significant improvement in the text of  the bill. With the amendment, researchers will not have to immediately  cease their work while they wait to clear licensing hurdles if a  substance is placed on schedule A.   The amendment creates a two-tiered system for researchers: one  section for those who have a schedule I or schedule II license and one  for those who have a schedule III through V license.   Researchers with schedule I or II licenses can continue working with  any substance placed on schedule A without cessation of that work while  an application for schedule A licensure is pending. This includes work  with synthetic cannabinoids and opioids, which is obviously essential  to our making progress in the field.   Researchers with schedules III, IV, and V licenses can continue  working with substances that are temporarily placed on schedule A while  an application for licensure is pending. However, the researchers will  only be able to work with substances placed on schedule A whose  similarity and chemical structure and actual or predicted effect is  derivative of a substance presently on schedule III through V.   Schedule III licensees can work with analogues of schedules III  through V. Schedule IV licensees can work with analogues of schedules  IV and V and so on.   Lastly, as a safeguard, the research exemptions provided for in this  amendment do not apply to licensed practitioners such as physicians,  pharmacists, and hospitals whose involvement with research is only as a  coincidental activity to their primary work.   This amendment refines and strengthens the research component of the  underlying legislation and is not opposed by stakeholders in the  research field. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson  Lee).    Mr. Chairman, I thank Ms. Jackson Lee, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   