 Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 4 minutes.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 6.   It has become all too clear that the ongoing opioid epidemic has  gripped our Nation's families and communities. It crosses social  spectrums and is a public health, safety, and economic crisis as well.   In Massachusetts in 2016 there were 2,083 confirmed cases of opioid- related overdose deaths. This is a 26 percent increase from 2015 and a  54 percent increase from 2014. In 2017 there was a small decrease, but  clearly there was still a strong need to address this devastating  trend.   This week, the House has considered opioid bills in committee and on  the floor, and some of these, in fact, will expand treatment options  for the care that is necessary.   However, a number of the Democratic priorities here, I think, really  provide real investment and opportunity. For example, it incorporates a  bill I introduced that would expand Medicare coverage for opioid  treatment programs. Currently, Medicare does not cover this sort of  treatment. This would give Medicare beneficiaries access to a broad  range of treatment options, leading to opportunities for lasting  recovery.   Although many think of opioid use disorders as a problem faced by  young people, many may be surprised to learn that it is rapidly growing  among our Medicare beneficiaries. Medicare part D spending on opioids  for treatment outpaces enrollment, growing 165 percent from 2006 to  2015. In 13 States, the over-65 population has the highest rate of  opioid-related inpatient stays.   H.R. 6 also expands coverage of medication-assisted treatments and  allows nurse practitioners and physician assistants to prescribe or  dispense certain opioid treatment drugs. The measure also provides  consistent Medicaid coverage for at-risk youth and expands Medicaid  coverage for foster youth until the age of 26.   These bills are pieces of a large, complex puzzle. We need to find  realistic solutions with long-term outcomes. Part of this approach is  to protect and strengthen Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act.   The ACA guarantees parity and nondiscrimination for people who need  substance use disorder treatment and mental health treatment. Thanks to  the ACA, millions of previously uninsured adults now have access to  health insurance and, I might add, the expansion of Medicaid.   There are many efforts here, I think, time and time again, to  dismantle the Medicare proposal, as well as cutting back on many of the  initiatives that we have proposed in the past. Instead of strengthening  and ensuring a sustainable future for the ACA and for Medicaid, some of  our colleagues want to cut them to pay for a $2.3 trillion tax plan.  Efforts to sabotage the ACA, coupled with premium hikes, slashing  preexisting condition protections, and increasing drug prices will lead  to more uncertainty.   Dismantling current health benefits would damage any progress that we  are making today with the opioid crisis. It would also increase  healthcare costs and lower coverage and quality of life for Americans  and their families.   I urge my colleagues to recognize that many families, who are  devastated by addiction, are going to need the opportunities that we  are embracing today.   The impact of the opioid crisis on the labor participation rates in  America should concern all of us. According to a recent report, the  economic burden from opioids was estimated at $95 billion.   The American people are facing two-pronged obstacle health  challenges. Uncertainty remains one of them. We want to make sure that  we don't sabotage the ACA. And part of the path forward today is  highlighted by the achievement we are all about to recognize.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Danny K. Davis).    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Chairman, I want to close by thanking Chairman Kevin Brady and  acknowledging Chairman Walden and Ranking Member Pallone for their hard  work on what is really a good step forward.   As I said earlier in my remarks, this bill is not going to solve the  opioid crisis tomorrow, but it does include a number of important  provisions that will expand access to treatment and recovery options  for all Americans. This was a bipartisan piece of work in our  committee. I think we can be proud of it. We know many who need  treatment now cannot access it, and this bill will take significant  steps to change that.   I want to thank Jessica Shapiro and Karl Hagnauer from the House  Legislative Counsel for their hours of work in helping us to put  together H.R. 6; the staff of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid  Office of Legislation, in particular Ira Burney and Jennifer Druckman;  and the staff of the Congressional Budget Office, including Rebecca Yip  and Lara Robillard.   Finally, I want to thank the Ways and Means Republican staffers led  by Emily Murry, the Energy and Commerce Democratic staff led by Tiffany  Guarascio, the Energy and Commerce Republican staff led by Josh Trent,  and my own Democratic staff at Ways and Means, which is always superb,  led by Amy Hall, Melanie Egorin, and Rachel Dolin.   A lot of hard work goes into this sort of legislation and a lot of  complexities have to be addressed during the process, and oftentimes  that is not the sort of information that finds its way to the public  light. But acknowledging here those people who helped to put this  together as well as the men and women of the committee, I think,  frequently is missed, and we want to do that so that they receive the,  I think, due praise that they are entitled to.   I hope that this, when matched with Senate provisions, will quickly  become law.   One of the things that unites every one of us in this Chamber is that  we all know somebody--a family member, somebody who lives down the  street, or a coworker--who has an opiate addiction. I think that  Congress taking this step today in this direction will provide some  sense of hope for those families and friends who find themselves, for a  variety of reasons, suffering from the pain economically and physically  that comes from opiate addictions.   I think, as we close here, this is a good day for the Ways and Means  Committee, Energy and Commerce Committee, and, I think, for the members  and the staffers whose work is reflected in this product.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   