 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we are here today because Republicans and  President Trump have failed in their most basic responsibility as the  governing party, bringing us mere hours away from an unnecessary and  consequential government shutdown.   Let's be clear. With Republicans in control of the White House, the  Senate, and the House of Representatives, the only person to blame if  the government shuts down will be President Donald Trump.   Later today, I plan to vote no on the government funding bill that  the House of Representatives has sent over to the Senate because it  provides no certainty or resolution for Dreamers, pensioners, veterans,  the people of Puerto Rico, or vulnerable children and patients across  the country. I cannot support legislation that fails to ensure that we  are fulfilling our moral and constitutional obligation to the American  people.   Sadly, this budget process is just a continuation of a pattern from  Republicans in Congress: Draft major policy in secret, with no debate,  no Democrats, no real opportunity to negotiate. First, they did it on  healthcare. Then, they did it on tax reform. Now, they are doing it  again on the continuing budget resolution.   There is a great song in the musical ``Hamilton'' titled ``The Room  Where It Happens.'' Well, the Democrats aren't even told where the room  is. Republicans aren't negotiating deals. They are delivering fiats,  not just to the Democrats but to the American people, and the American  people are the ones paying the price.   We cannot let this craven, half-measure of a bill fool us. Yes, this  legislation does finally reauthorize and fund a program that provides  healthcare for 9 million children across this country, known as the  Children's Health Insurance Program, or CHIP. But remember, just like  they are abdicating their role in governing today and have been  throughout the budget negotiations, Republicans in Congress allowed  CHIP to expire at the end of September--more than 100 days ago.   Why would Republicans do such a thing for a program they now say is  so vital and bipartisan? Because 100 days ago the Republican caucus was  preoccupied with their unsuccessful attempt at repealing the Affordable  Care Act. For weeks on end, they held America in suspension as they  secretly wrote and rewrote a bill that would rip healthcare coverage  away from tens of millions of Americans while taking a machete to  Medicaid.   Thankfully, this dangerous bill failed to gain support from enough  Senate  [[Page S321]]  Republicans to pass. But when that irresponsible bill failed, instead  of immediately returning to the important business of providing low-  and middle-income children healthcare, the Republicans decided to use  their energy to jam through a massive tax scam with giveaways for  millionaires and billionaires, once again leaving children's health and  working families in limbo. Republicans were more interested in a tax  bill of corporate welfare than in children's healthcare.   Congress provided a Band-Aid for CHIP at the end of last year, enough  funding to support some States through today. Yet the absence of a real  solution has consequences. CHIP families remain worried about paying  for their children's medications, getting them a checkup, or receiving  that unexpected, devastating, and expensive diagnosis for their young  child. Healthcare providers remain terrified that they will have to cut  services to medically complex children and other pediatric patients  they serve. States still lack the certainty and assurances needed to  fully operate CHIP for their residents. Many are still contemplating  contingency plans should the Federal Government not meet their end of  the bargain and provide funds needed for CHIP to succeed.   These last 100 days of anxiety and uncertainty represent uncharted  territory for this popular program. For two decades, CHIP has provided  affordable, comprehensive health insurance to children of working  families and pregnant women. In 2016, CHIP covered nearly 9 million  children throughout the United States. Some 2 million of them are  chronically ill, with asthma, diabetes, epilepsy, or developmental  disorders. In Massachusetts, CHIP has been instrumental in getting  nearly all of our children covered.   Without continued Federal funding, Massachusetts alone could lose  approximately $295 million annually in Federal CHIP dollars. That would  be devastating for the 172,000 Bay State children who rely on CHIP for  their health coverage.   Ironically, over 3 months ago, Senate leaders in both parties came up  with a bipartisan agreement on what the next 5 years of CHIP would look  like. But Republicans insisted we had to pay for CHIP by raiding other  important programs, like the Prevention and Public Health Fund, which  is used to help prevent child illness by providing vaccines, among  things. The stopgap funding measure passed in December cut $750 million  from the Prevention and Public Health Fund for a short-term spending  patch. It was robbing Peter to pay Paul.   So we are hours away from shutting down the government, with the  superrich still celebrating their $1 trillion tax break and  congressional Republicans still scheming at ways to cut Social  Security, Medicare, and Medicaid, and still punting a solution for  Dreamers, veterans, pensioners, and for the people of Puerto Rico.  While I remain supportive of the CHIP program, I do not support the  legislative malpractice Republicans performed on the continuing  resolution.   But that wasn't the first time Republicans tried to pay for one  healthcare need with another, and CHIP is not the only victim of  Republican political games. I cannot support the House legislation  because it provides no funding to address the greatest public health  crisis facing our Nation today--the opioid crisis.   When President Trump declared the opioid crisis a national public  health emergency in October, he laid out his vision that ``we can be  the generation that ends the opioid epidemic.'' On that, he is right.  But we know that a vision without funding is a hallucination. We need  real funding to implement real solutions.   The White House Council of Economic Advisers estimated that the  opioid epidemic cost the country $500 billion in 2015. How much has the  Trump administration devoted to this crisis? Zero dollars, not a  nickel, since Donald Trump was sworn in as President. Now there is news  that the Trump administration might slash the budget of the Office of  National Drug Control Policy by 95 percent. That isn't a commitment to  the crisis. That is an abdication.   Asking our States, our cities, and towns to continue fighting this  scourge of opioid overdoses without additional Federal funding is  irresponsible, it is cruel, and it will come back to haunt us as a  Nation. These budget negotiations were an ideal opportunity to fund  what my colleagues in both parties have said publicly is important-- combating the opioid crisis. Instead, we are leaving families without  hope or help. We owe it to them and the millions like them across the  country to fight as hard as possible for the funding they need.   We should also remember as we look at this House legislation that so  many of the patients seeking treatment and recovery services for opioid  addiction rely on their community health centers. But if this funding  measure passes, Republicans will have irresponsibly and unfairly left  funding for community health centers in limbo. That funding also  expired more than 100 days ago.   For more than 50 years, community health centers have been an  integral component of our social safety net. This movement, which  started in Massachusetts, has transformed how we treat some of our most  medically vulnerable citizens, while also improving the health and  wellness of our communities. In fact, for many Americans, community  health centers are the only access point for affordable healthcare. In  Massachusetts, it treats more than 750,000 patients, and 16 percent of  these patients are uninsured and nearly half are on Medicaid. In  addition to the quality, comprehensive care they provide, community  health centers play a key economic role in many regions across the  country. Community health centers in Massachusetts have created more  than 12,000 jobs, including more than 8,500 direct full-time employees.  Much like CHIP, unfortunately, Republicans have denied community health  centers the certainty of funding they need, forcing them to make tough  decisions that ultimately impact their ability to fulfill their mission  and care for the people of their communities.    I have heard from community health centers across the Commonwealth  that Congress's inability to reauthorize funding has made new  physicians reluctant to practice at their facilities, further straining  an already depleting workforce. New staff to address burgeoning  infectious health outbreaks, like the flu, cannot be hired, hampering  the health center's ability to respond to the needs of the community.   These facilities are often the backbones of their communities, and  for more than 100 days, we have been hamstringing their ability to do  their jobs. It is shameful, and it is unacceptable.   Throughout the 100-day war on some of our most important healthcare  programs, Democrats have been calling on Republicans to invite us into  the room, to sit down on a bipartisan basis and work through our  differences to come to a solution on CHIP, on community health centers,  on opioid funding, and, of course, on our Dreamers. Instead, we are in  a governmental paralysis, fixing only a fraction of the problems  Republicans created while the President continues to focus on the  campaign trail and fails in finding a solution for our country. For  Republicans, this newest CR, yet again, means nothing more than ``Can't  Resolve.'' The American people deserve so much more than that. The  American people are tired of waiting on their government to do the  right thing. Lives are depending on it. It has been 5 months since the  fiscal year started, and we still don't have a budget. That is  unacceptable.   Republicans are shedding crocodile tears about our military and  national security being at risk during a government shutdown. Do you  know what is harmful to our national defense--month-to-month budgets  and operating by way of continuing resolutions. That is no way to run  the Defense Department, but that is exactly what the Republicans have  done with these short-term budget fixes. Spare me, spare America your  crocodile tears because it is time to sit down, on a bipartisan basis,  and get a budget done--a budget that would take care of the Defense  Department, the opioid crisis, pensions, veterans, CHIP, community  health centers, and it would give some certitude to the American people  that this body knows how to govern. Instead of engaging in budget  brinksmanship, we need Republicans and President Trump to engage in  bipartisanship. It is time we end this waiting game now and provide  [[Page S322]]  the certainty and funding necessary so all of these critical priorities  are addressed, not just the ones Republicans care about.   The Republican paradox is that they don't believe in government, but  they have to run for office in order to make sure the government  doesn't work, and now that they control the House, the Senate, and  Presidency, we have reached their perfect state where the government  cannot work because it is being paralyzed by the party that controls  all of these branches. They refuse to talk to Democrats. They refuse to  ensure that the Constitution is implemented, where Democrats and  Republicans, working together on both sides of this building, plus the  President, sit down in the room in order to cut the deals. Until  President Trump is willing to sit down with Chuck Schumer and Nancy  Pelosi and Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan in the room, we will not get a  resolution on these issues.   Mr. President, come to the Hill. Mr. President, sit down with all of  the people who want to resolve these issues for the American people.  Mr. President, do your job.   Bill Belichick says to the New England Patriots: If you want to win,  do your job.   The same thing is true for you, Mr. President. Do your job. Come  together with Democrats and Republicans. Stop carping critically from  the outside at any move Democrats or Republicans make. Instead, get in  the room. We can resolve these issues for the American people. The time  is now, Mr. President. Do your job.   I yield back the remainder of my time.   