 Mr. President, my home State of Florida is once again  experiencing an environmental and economic catastrophe--a real crisis.  It is a crisis that was caused extending back decades--decades of bad  decisions, decisions made on things people didn't think about, neglect,  and myopic water management. Nowhere is that crisis more acute and more  apparent than at Lake Okeechobee, the liquid heart of the Everglades,  and our surrounding communities, including the city of Stuart, which is  on the verge of seeing conditions very similar to what they experienced  in the year 2016.   That is what this picture here is about. What we see on this photo is  algae--thick, toxic algae--that was gathering underneath that bridge  back in 2016.   This really goes back decades. The historic Florida Everglades--the  head waters began in Lake Okeechobee. This massive lake, this  reservoir, is right in the center of our State. What would happen is  when rainfall would come in and when water would overflow, it would  just continue to flow south into the Everglades and down into the  Florida Bay. But then people began to move in and develop Florida, and  therefore there was a need for the Army Corps to step in and carefully  script the flow of water in the southern half of Florida.   This all began since the construction of something called the Herbert  Hoover Dike and then, subsequently, the development beginning in 1948  of the Central and South Florida projects to manage flood risks.  Unfortunately, this flood control system that was designed to keep the  water from coming out of Lake Okeechobee and flooding communities to  the south of it has significant limitations and neglects to use the  Everglades' natural flow wave. That is why Everglades restoration is  something that, apart from ecosystem and wildlife benefits, is so  critically important for our Nation and for my State of Florida.  Everglades restoration is not simply about restoring a national  treasure, it is also about allowing much more flexibility for water  management at greatly reduced costs and at reduced harm to coastal  communities.   The best way to understand it for those who are new to this issue is  that we have this massive lake. The lake used to overflow, and when it  did, the water would flow down. Communities and agriculture moved into  the southern part of the State, just south of that lake; therefore,  there was a need to construct a dam to hold back the water and prevent  the flooding and loss of life, which is natural, and then a canal  system to allow the waters to flow east and west.   The problem that has developed over the years is what we are dealing  with now, and that is that as of today, when water levels in Lake  Okeechobee rise too high, that water must be released in massive  quantities. Today, the water levels are over 4\1/2\ feet deep--a full 2  feet higher than the Corps would prefer at this time of year as the  rainy season kicks in. So they look at the dike and they look at its  capacity and they worry that, knowing it is going to continue to rain  throughout the summer, if the water levels get too high, we could have  the dike compromised, and we could have flooding and loss of life.  Therefore, they are forced to release water.   Last year, as an example, we saw large amounts of water and  rainwater. Among other causes, of course, was Hurricane Irma, which  caused Lake Okeechobee to rise to record-high levels. Again this year,  Florida has experienced large amounts of rain. This rainfall carries  nutrients into the lake from upstream.   The lake is in the center part of the State. Just north of it are  areas such as Kissimmee and Orlando and population. People move in and  fertilize their lawns, and all kinds of nutrients get into the  groundwater. It rains, and it flows into Lake Okeechobee. The more it  rains, the more it flows out. So the water level of the lake gets  higher, and the nutrient flow into the lake also gets higher.    As we can see from these time-lapse images, when that nutrient-rich  water flows in on top of the nutrient-rich water that is already  there--and heat comes into play--the result is algae blooms. That is  where it was on the 12th of June. This is where it was on the 20th. All  of that red represents algae. This is where it was on the 21st and then  on the 24th. If you looked at an image of this today, almost the entire  lake is covered by thick, toxic algae.   To make sure there is no damage or threat to the dike, which itself  is being worked on in order to strengthen it, the U.S. Army Corps of  Engineers releases water from the lake to the east to the St. Lucie  River and to the west to the Caloosahatchee River. We remember it used  to flow south, and now it has been diverted into these canal systems to  the east and to the west. So if you are living to the west or if you  are living to the east, what you know is that when these releases  happen, all of that algae you see here and all of that green algae I  just showed you in that picture, which is toxic and kills life, not to  mention--it is harmful to people who come into contact with it,  potentially even breathe it in, and all of that stuff is headed your  way when those releases happen.   Unfortunately, those discharges have a catastrophic impact on the  environment and on the Floridians living along our coastal ecosystems.  They are especially destructive when these releases export, as I said,  nutrient-rich waters with toxic blue-green algae blooms from the lake  to the waterways and the estuaries that are downstream because there,  those blooms--that algae, which kills fish, fouls the water, and  shutters all sorts of small businesses along the coast, has a  tremendous negative impact on property values, the real estate market.  It creates respiratory irritation for people as well as contact  dermatitis for residents who get too close to it.   Imagine you live in this area. Maybe you are a small business that  depends on visitors. Maybe you invested a lot of money to retire near  the water. Maybe you grew up there or lived your entire life there or  spent summers there, or maybe your greatest memories are of times your  family spent on the water, and this is headed your way. I assure you  that this does not increase your property values; it collapses them. I  assure you that it does not encourage  [[Page S4920]]  visitors to come to your area. It not only discourages them from coming  now, but the reputation gets out, and all of these small businesses  that depend on access to the water are now being threatened by that as  well.   We see this picture here, this green. That is all toxic algae--all of  that--on one of the waterways. That is not Chicago on St. Patrick's  Day. That is not food coloring. That is toxic algae in the  Caloosahatchee River. Images like this are becoming all too common for  the residents in this area.   The picture does not do it justice. This is not just the color of the  water; this is thick algae of a kind that is inches deep. You can  imagine that everything underneath that is not just being cut off from  sunlight and oxygen, but it is toxic. It is killing everything  underneath it as well. You can't go underneath that water, you can't  touch it, and everything that is in it is going to struggle to survive.   Over the weekend, particularly on Sunday morning, I began to raise  concerns and the concerns of our coastal communities that were on the  receiving end of this. Imagine if you live in one of these communities.  You see the pictures of the lake that is basically all green, and you  know that on Monday morning, they are going to open it up, and all of  this stuff is going to come pouring down in your area. They are  frightened. It is like impending doom.   We reached out to the President. We reached out to the  administration. Thankfully, they acted quickly. They called the Army  Corps, and the Army Corps paused the discharges that were scheduled for  Monday. So on Monday--Sunday night, early Monday morning--people woke  to the positive news that these releases were not going to start on  Monday.   By the way, if you go over to the release points where the water is  let out, it is all backed up with this algae. All you have to do is  stand there and see it, and you know that as soon as they open it, all  of this stuff is coming out and come at you.   They gave us this 3- or 4-day reprieve--however long it takes to  allow water managers to conduct a full assessment of system conditions  and to look for other available options for moving water.   While this was a positive response, it is not a long-term answer to  this problem. At some point over the next few days, this is going to  have to be released. It is going to happen. It is just a matter of  time. And the result is that 2018 is shaping up to be another lost  summer along the Caloosahatchee and Indian River Lagoon estuaries, just  as it was in 2013 and just as it was in 2016.   I want to be frank. Over the last 20, 30, 10, and 5 years, the  Federal Government has not done enough for anyone to expect that  anything will change in the next 5 years.   Here is full candor. There are really no good, viable, short-term  options that will fix this overnight. That is a fact. We know that.  Ultimately, no matter how much we push the Army Corps to hold back  releases, at some point they will have to because we are in rainy  season, and there comes a point where the risk of flood and loss of  life compels them to release some of it. You hope they pulse it. You  hope they spread it out. You hope they don't release more than they  need to. You hope they stretch it as much as possible. But in the end,  you know it is going to happen, and so do the residents in this region.  What is frustrating is that not only is the release coming, but nothing  seems to be happening to prevent this from continuing on forever.   That is why it is so important for us that while we work to try to  spread out these releases to minimize to the extent possible the impact  they have, we have to begin to work on the things that ultimately will  solve this. What ultimately will solve this are the issues that we are  committed to continuing to work on. It is multipronged, and it will  take a number of years to get it done.   The Senate will soon take up the water infrastructure bill. That bill  is going to allow us to move forward with the Everglades agriculture  area reservoir. This project, by the way, is connected to the broader  project called the Central Everglades Planning Project, which the  Congress authorized in 2016's water resources bill. That reservoir is  vital to ensuring that more water is sent south through the Everglades  as nature intended.   This reservoir will basically be at pace for some of that water-- instead of having to go east and west, it can go into this reservoir  south of the lake; it can be cleansed of many of those nutrients; and  then, instead of being released east and west, that cleaner water could  be released south into the Everglades, the way some of it once was back  in the historic Everglades.   That project, that piece of it--the agriculture area reservoir--was  at the Office of Management and Budget. That is why we worked with them  and really spoke to them a number of times to get them to quickly  approve the Army Corps' review of the storage reservoir project. I am  happy for the residents of Florida and particularly these impacted  areas that these efforts succeeded.   Yesterday, the administration and the Office of Management and Budget  approved the Corps' review of the project so that its design and  construction can now be authorized by Congress. We also must continue  to move with expediency to finish the rehabilitation of the dike. We  fought hard to include appropriations in the most recent disaster  supplemental that would provide enough funding to, once and for all,  ensure this is made a priority for completion. So I appreciate the  administration's heeding this request.    Just last week, the Army Corps allocated more than $514 million for  the dike. That means that with all the money needed to complete the  project now allocated, the money is now available, and the dike can be  finished by 2022. What we hope that means is that now that the dike is  repaired and stronger, they will be able to hold back more water for  longer periods of time.   But that alone isn't going to solve the problem. It will have some  impact and it certainly is important, and we certainly need to do it.  We never want to see the dike compromised, but, ultimately, that alone  will not be enough. We have to continue to do all the other things,  including the reservoir I spoke about a moment ago.   We also have to remain focused on bottlenecks at the southern end of  the flow management system to allow for increased flow of water. This  includes ensuring our partnership with the State of Florida, the Army  Corps, and the Department of the Interior--that we all continue to work  together to meet the important timelines and project funding targets.   I have spoken to President Trump about this. I recall at some point  in the summer of last year, as we flew to Miami for an event, we had a  chance in our flight path to fly over part of the Everglades. The  President is a part-time resident of Florida; he knows the area well.  Palm Beach in particular is one of the areas impacted by all this. We  talked about the opportunity the President had to be the infrastructure  President and, when it comes to Florida, to be the President who  actually gets this done for the Florida Everglades.   I have asked him and talked to him about doubling Federal investment  in Everglades restoration infrastructure, like the Central Everglades  Planning Project, to clean and store and move water into South  Florida's natural flood plain and away from where people live along the  coasts.   In 2000, Congress authorized the Comprehensive Everglades Restoration  Plan. It was a complete framework for everything that needs to happen,  and we have to continue to move forward on finally getting it done.  There were too many delays. It took too long. There wasn't enough of a  Federal commitment.   Hopefully now--just in the last couple of years--we have begun to  make headway on it because these infrastructure projects aren't just  about restoring the Everglades. This is not just an environmental  project. If it were just an environmental project, that alone would  justify it, but it is not just an environmental project. It is about  economic development. It is about water quality and about water supply.  It is about the value of property. It is about quality of life. It  impacts millions of our residents and visitors.   We have to finish the projects. We have to stay focused. If we take  our eye off the ball, if we divert attention somewhere else, if we  interrupt the work of these projects--every one of these delays just  makes more and more  [[Page S4921]]  of these events. If Congress in 2000 had moved at the speed we are  moving now, some of this would have been avoided, and with every year  that we delay--not acting--these are the real world consequences; it  only gets worse, not better.   That is why I remain committed, and among my highest priorities for  the State of Florida is to get this done in a timely fashion, with the  Federal support and the Federal commitment necessary to match what the  State has already done with great urgency. I hope we can continue to  make progress on all of this. Otherwise, we are going to have more  loss, and the lives of millions of people will continue to be impacted  in catastrophic ways.   I yield the floor.   