 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on the topic of my Special Order.    Mr. Speaker, it is with deep sadness that I rise to  celebrate the extraordinary life of our great friend, colleague,  mentor, inspiration, and much-respected Congresswoman, Louise  Slaughter.   We met a long time ago in 1983, when both of us entered as freshmen  in the New York State Assembly. I understood in that moment of meeting  that there was greatness there, and it only built beyond what I  anticipated through the years.   Louise was a woman of great respect, of great charm, of intellect,  integrity, and passion for doing the right thing. And, Louise, this  evening, we just say thank you for the impact that you have had on our  lives and, more importantly, on the people for whom you have spoken and  for those who have been impacted favorably by your sound works.   We call to mind this evening the people of the 25th Congressional  District of New York, who have lost a great voice in this Chamber, and  those of other districts' iterations that she represented through the  years that she served in this remarkable body.   We call to mind Don and her Rules staff. People who were there as  committee people assisting her in her every move. We call to mind Liam  and her crew here in D.C. and at home in the district office, and  certainly her family and friends, people who have worked with her  through the years.   It is a great loss for all of us.   Louise did everything with charm. When Louise introduced herself to  newly elected House Speaker Jim Wright as a newly entering Member back  in 1986, she spoke in that wonderful upstate New York accent, inflected  with her deep Kentucky roots, which Speaker Wright immediately  discerned.   In her very forward way, she threw out her hand to shake his, and she  introduced herself to the new Speaker: Mr. Speaker, I'm Louise  Slaughter from upstate New York.   And he responded: It's about time upstate New York elected somebody  without an accent.   Louise was a great storyteller. She had this way of really  personalizing an issue and making it so human that you couldn't shake.  She brought the relevance of issues to human life. There was no better  storyteller than Louise Slaughter, and she peppered everything with her  unique and delightful sayings that were such a signature of her  personality.   She was a person of extraordinary integrity and courage. I remember  sitting with her and some of our colleagues when Bob passed, her late  husband. I know how much she loved him and how much he loved her, and I  cannot imagine the pain she felt in that moment. But I watched her  steel herself, pick herself up and go on, just the way Bob would have  been wanted, an expression of the deepest love and respect I have ever  been privileged to witness.   Louise had a devotion to public service that was born of the 1960s in  a truly aspirational moment for our country, an era that gave birth to  a newfound driven political generation. And I like to imagine Louise in  that moment listening to the voices of the people, reading news of  conflict, of hope for racial and social justice, of fights for peace in  the face of seemingly endless war in Vietnam, and empowering women and  speaking for our environment, all set with extraordinary music.   Bob Dylan's ``Blowin' In The Wind'' gave us a series of intractable  questions about peace, about war, about freedom, at a time when those  questions were on the lips of every single American. And Louise,  speaking about blowing in the wind, was never a weather vane  politician. Amidst the uncertainty and conflict of that moment, she  forged herself a backbone of steel and never wavered, never blew with  the wind. She did what was right, and it didn't have to be popular.   Bob had a love and passion for politics as great as his wonderful  wife, Louise. They were such a Washington couple. Bob would sometimes  drive Louise back and forth from Rochester, New York, to Albany. He was  known as an incredibly thoughtful and brilliant partner who supported  Louise tirelessly.   Their activism began with their fight to protect Hart's Woods in  Perinton, just outside of Rochester. Louise would go on to organize  Democrats in Perinton, and Bob went on to found the Genesee Valley  People's Power Coalition, fighting against rate increases by Rochester  Gas and Electric Corporation.    Bob and Louise loved their family above all, and tonight I want to  recognize their daughters--Megan Secatore, Amy Slaughter, and Emily  Robin Minerva--and thank them and their families for the gift of their  mother's time and their unselfish giving of her so that she could serve  our Nation.   Megan and Amy and Emily, this Nation owes you a debt of thanks for  the extraordinary spirit and achievement of your parents, our great and  dearly departed friends, Louise and Bob Slaughter. I have to speak of  them as a team.   Louise left her imprint on all whom she served in Rochester and in  Washington and for a generation yet unborn. Louise's passion and  foresight live on through the lasting and extraordinary legacy of her  work and through the service that she provided, knowing that that  service will continue long into the future.   She was recognized as a fighter for the common, ordinary person, and  that is the greatest tribute we can offer her. We say thank you to a  humble servant who picked up the task and did it masterfully well.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York's 16th  Congressional District (Mr. Engel).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York's  Seventh Congressional District (Ms. Velazquez).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York's  17th Congressional District (Mrs. Lowey).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York  (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney), from New York's 12th Congressional District.    Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Representative Yvette Clarke  of New York's Ninth Congressional District.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Nadler) from New York's 10th Congressional District.     Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Representative  John Katko  from New York's 24th Congressional District.    Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Representative  John Lewis,  who represents Georgia's Fifth Congressional District.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Brother John for his comments.   Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Representative Nancy Pelosi from  California, our former Speaker, our Democratic leader, our minority  leader.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California  (Ms. Eshoo). Representative Anna Eshoo represents the 18th District.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms.  Kaptur.) Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur represents Ohio's Ninth District.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Kaptur.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).  Representative Sheila Jackson Lee is the Congresswoman from the 18th  District of Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to Representative Barbara Lee of  California's 13th District.    Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Representative Jackie Speier  of California's 14th District.    I thank the Congresswoman for those comments.   I now yield to Representative Alma Adams of North Carolina's 12th  District.    I thank the Congresswoman for her thoughts.   Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the New Hampshire District One  Representative, Congresswoman Carol Shea-Porter.    I thank the Congresswoman for those comments.   Mr. Speaker, now we will hear from the gentleman from Texas 35,  Congressman Lloyd Doggett.    Mr. Speaker, there you have it, just a few of the  colleagues of Louise Slaughter who shared their sentiments. You can  tell that she had this lasting touch upon each and every one of us.   We are made better because we crossed paths in life, we travelled  journeys together, and she will leave a forever quality in our hearts  and our souls. And to our champion, our trailblazer, the true voice for  the weak voice or underheard in government, the pioneer expression, the  drum major for women, it goes on and on--she earned so many labels--to  our friend, Louise Slaughter, our colleague, our mentor, rest in peace,  beloved friend.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   