 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank Majority Whip Scalise for his work on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, as the lead cosponsor on this legislation, I, obviously,  rise in strong support of H. Con. Res. 119.   Throughout the years, despite what we are hearing from the other  side, there have been numerous efforts promoting a carbon tax. There  have been bills debated in committees; hearings held; and,  subsequently, time devoted on the House floor. None were passed. Carbon  taxes, however, create uncertainty in the marketplace.   Such a tax might reduce the amount of energy produced from coal and  natural gas. I understand that. But as you have heard, it will also  raise the cost of everything else Americans consume: gasoline, diesel  fuel, food, clothing, and supplies. All would become more expensive.   We heard also that CBO and Stanford studies have warned that a carbon  tax is the most regressive tax that could be implemented. And its  impact on the poor and the middle class is at a rate of twice others.   This is a simple resolution stating that a carbon tax would be  detrimental to American families and businesses, and it is not in the  best interest of this country.   Now, just last Congress, this very same resolution passed 237-163,  and it is our hope that this year's effort will reflect the same  bipartisan level of support.   Thanks to tax cuts and regulatory reform, America's economy is  clearly on the rise. Implementing a carbon tax at this juncture could  very well put the brakes on that progress.   So instead of reverting to put an ideologically driven tax on  everything, there are better ways to address environmental concerns. We  could invest strategically in research and innovation to deliver clean  energy technologies, like has been done at NET Power, Petra Nova, or  Longview. We could provide incentives, like 45Q, to capture and utilize  carbon emissions. Or, lastly, we could advance energy efficiency.   Mr. Speaker, America doesn't need more taxes. I urge my colleagues to  support this resolution.   