 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Rothfus), who is vice chair of the House Financial Institutions  and Consumer Credit Subcommittee, and the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs.  Beatty) for their work on this legislation.   For years, the Federal Government has slowly expanded its  jurisdiction in a number of areas. From healthcare to education, the  Federal Government's presence has grown larger and larger. This bill  attempts to restore regulatory balance and ensure that the proper  authority--in this instance, the State insurance commissioners--can  continue to do the job they have done well for more than 100 years.   In a pre-Dodd-Frank world, there were more than 30 insurance savings  and loan holding companies that owned insurance depository  institutions. Federal Reserve supervision of these institutions has  driven insurance companies to close their banks. That list includes  Shelter Insurance, headquartered just outside my district in Columbia,  Missouri.   In the wake of Dodd-Frank and the dawn of Federal Reserve  supervision, Shelter executives said it was simply no longer cost- effective to run a bank.  [[Page H8127]]  This was a profitable, well-run bank that served people in the  communities I represent that was put out of business by the Federal  Government.   Mr. Rothfus and Mrs. Beatty have introduced legislation that would  mandate more tailored supervision of insurance holding companies  subject to Federal Reserve oversight. The legislation will require the  Fed to streamline examination procedures and better coordinate with  State insurance regulators.   To be clear, the legislation does not, Mr. Speaker--and I say again,  does not--end Federal Reserve supervision. It merely directs the Fed to  better coordinate with the States and develop standards that are more  suitable for insurers, something Congress has asked them to do for  years.   The gentleman from Pennsylvania and the gentlewoman from Ohio worked  together and with the Federal Reserve, both before and after the  markup, to address various concerns. They are both to be commended for  their efforts to work across the aisle and with the regulators.   H.R. 5059 is a commonsense solution to Federal overreach and a step  toward reduction of bureaucratic redundancy. The bill has received  tremendous support, so much that it was agreed to by a voice vote in  the Financial Services Committee on July 24.   Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank Mr. Rothfus and Mrs. Beatty for  their ongoing leadership and ask my colleagues to join me in supporting  H.R. 5059.   